user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251110,20558456,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bænlynn,"Infra is not your average game. There are no guns here, but there are still bad guys and monsters. There are no soldiers, spies or saboteurs, but there is a battle taking place. There are no jump scares, creeping horrors, or panicked flights from hordes of undead, but Infra can still scare, unnerve, and frighten you. Just not in the ways that you would expect.You take the role of Mark Siltanen an industrial engineer from a firm who has just taken over the maintenance contract for the city of Stahlberg, and you are about to have the bad day to end all others, and maybe everybody else's day toboot.You could use the words 'Walking Simulator' to describe Infra, but that definition barely scratches the surface of what's going on here. You could say that Infra is a puzzle game, but you'd only be talking about the tip of the iceberg. You could say that Infra is a job simulator, but you'd still be missing the real point of what is going on.Yes, Infra is an Indie Game, and a bit of a klunky one at times. With a smattering of wooden character sprites and voice acting recorded on what sounds like half a dozen different setups that needs better post production. But that's not why you should buy it. The chewy chocolate-fudge centre of this game may take some of us a little while to get to, but when we do, it should give everyone pause.If you've ever worked in one of those big, Star-Wars-scale industrial environments where a moment's inattention in the wrong place can end your life without so much as slowing down the machinery that just turned you into paste then Infra won't take long to get under your skin. The cracks in the walls, the leaky pipes and barely functional equipment. . . If you've ever worked in heavy industry and had to find a new workaround to each successive problem, and/or deal with OHS and get management to take things like this seriously, then the reaction will be instinctive. Like me you'll be thinking about all the dominoes that could be toppled by that half-flooded generator room or tainted water pipe. I realised that the game had me completely immersed when I found myself backtracking time and again to keep turning off the generators in said half-flooded room only to find out I wasn't yet past the point where I needed to have them running.At its brilliantly mundane heart, Infra is an interactive cautionary tale, and one that hits close to home for all of us. All around us we are surrounded by tecnologies and systems that we take for granted and that is the spot where Infra builds the edifice of tension that makes up the game's core. Because despite the cinematic license with which Infra's story is presented, the Bad guys and monsters are entirely human, perfectly possible. The horrific scenarios that play out have happened in our world before and they are doing so right now, even as we sit here unaware of their unravelling beneath our feet. Perhaps what is more horrifying is that it doesn't take corporate malfesance and corruption on a grand scale for those little scenarios to play out time and again in the real world. All it takes is a moment's distraction for one person at one step along the long process of getting water from the city dam to your kitchen sink.Games like Infra should be made, they NEED to be made, and in greater numbers (and yes a little extra polish would be nice too), about things other than psychotically emotionless Space Marines turning the seemingly endless ranks of disposable mooks into hamburger (or some minor variation thereof). Because if Infra can give you pause the next time you take a ride on the subway, the next time you flick a light switch, or turn on a tap, then it has succeeded in a way that few other games can, because you don't have to suspend your disbelief very far at all for Infra to work its magic."
76561198027102805,Recommended,251110,20555669,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Law Man,INFRA is a game that I first saw on Greenlight about a year ago. I was getting worried with the time it was taking to deliver BUT now that I have seen what they delivered I am blown away. The puzzles are great. They almost reming me of Myst in some regards. And the enviroments are amazing. I wasn't even aware the Source Engine could look this good and run so well. There are a few bugs at the time of this review (launch day) but I have confidence that they will be quickly attended to. The price of 14.99 USD is a very fair asking price for this game.  If you decide to purchase make sure you spend time to explore each area to it's fullest. There are little goodies hidden all around the map.  The subject of the game really is interesting. I found myself wondering about what sort of underground cities are beneath the city I live in and how much effort it must take to keep it running. When walking around INFRA I feel less like I am walking around river controls and steel mills and more like I am walking through an ancient tomb that has become overgrown and has started to decay. I can't wait to see what else these developers have in store for us.EDIT: This game has no real horror elements. It is more of a puzzle game. That being said  there were several points where I had a chill run down my spine or a feeling that something was not right was felt mostly due to walking through the decaying areas alone with nothing but the sound of wind and the structure creaking around me. It is no walking simulator with the amount of puzzles and a few fast paced scenes. There are no zombies or slendermen or Nazis but the enviroment and the structures are working against you.
,Recommended,251110,20596321,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ZIGS,"Ok, here's the quick and dirty on INFRA: It's a first-person, non-combat puzzle game (much like Portal 2 or The Talos Principle). You'll follow an interesting and mysterious story, explore fantastic urban environments and solve environmental puzzles to progress.The game has some flaws, which mainly come from a lack of time/money: the voice acting is dodgy at best, the character models are hilarious (and not in a good way) and even the written English texts have the occasional grammar error and misspelling (the devs are Finnish so that explains it somewhat).But none of that matters. After the first level, voice acting is scarce and there's no hideous characters models to look at, only the amazing environments (look at those screenshots!).If you like exploring atmospheric worlds and solve clever and logical puzzles don't even think twice. Buy it.THE DREADED ""VALUE"" QUESTION:It's a known fact that most indie games nowadays don't offer much in terms of length and sometimes ask a hefty price. INFRA is the exact opposite. The game costs just 15€ and the first part alone can last you over 10 hours. The second part is coming later this year and it'll be FREE if you already own part 1. That's a lot of high-quality gaming for just 15€ and more devs should follow this example."
,Recommended,251110,32380509,Posted: 12 June,all,Poe,"This game was delightful. I've never felt so rewarded for exploring off the main path. The core gameplay is simply exploring, documenting stuff that needs fixing and solving the occasional mini-game / puzzle. It's a mix of a walk in the woods and urban exploration - honestly just fun to walk around in. I'm only on part two of six(?), but am hooked. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for something atmospheric or wanting to relax after work."
,Recommended,251110,20646110,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Finale,"INFRA is possibly the best puzzle/exploration game I've played-and I've played them all. I've played through part 1 about five times now and I keep finding new secrets, puzzles and alternative routes.Urban exploration or infrastructure enthusiasts will especially love it, but I'd recommend it for anyone who likes good settings or atmosphere.A note on horror: INFRA gets its scares from the oppressive atmosphere of abandoned industrial settings, and its danger from industral hazards and accidents. There are no dogs leaping through windows or posessed pizza parlor animatronics to be found- no jump scares or bleeding walls, either. If you favor that kind of horror, best to look elsewhere- or better yet, try this game for a subtler flavor of fright!"
,Recommended,251110,25811954,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"Job Simulator that's compelling, atmospheric AND fun?!You play as Mark, who is quite possibly one of THE most unlucky structural engineers there ever was.  Stalberg's power and water networks are failing, and you must see whether you can repair them enough to keep operating, and also photograph every hazard and failing you notice.Now, if all that sounds terribly dull to you, believe me when I say that INFRA is quite possibly one of the most atmospheric games set in a modern, urban setting.  It soon becomes clear that there is something currupt or even more sinister going on, and that perhaps you're not as safe as you think you are.  There is also a tinge of horror with a couple of jump scares that you might or might not encounter depending on where you go and what you do.INFRA is essentially a combination of simulation, puzzle, part-platformer, hacker and escape-the-room gameplay with a small touch of horror on occasion, but it is all in such perfect context that all these aspects blend seamlessly.  For example: the early game necessitates repairing and reconnecting a flooded dam to the power grid, which entails figuring out how to override security doors, power up machinery and repair as much of the damage as you can without getting yourself killed in the process.  You don't feel like you've been presented with a set puzzle at all but instead are carrying out your routine day-job in a simulation.  Some people describe the game as a walking simulator but it's really not just that: you're mostly not JUST walking, but figuring out a puzzle or photographing as many aspects of damage as you can spot, as the atmosphere becomes creepier.The game's puzzles range in difficulty but none are impossibly obscure.  The most difficult aspect of the game is that it doesn't follow through in a predictable linear path: for example you might find you can choose Route A which will give you a whole new area to solve, or alternatively take Route B which leads to a secret but skips the new area offered by Route A.  As gamers we're more used to being able to follow ALL parts of the game (ie see the secret AND access all puzzles) but it isn't always the case in INFRA and you might need to reveal different parts of the game in different play-throughs.What's to like?The atmosphere and the rich variety of INFRA's different environments are superb.  INFRA is an absolute dream for anyone who either likes the idea of exploring urban decay or tinkering with industrial structures such as pumping houses, sewers, power plants and even a dam.  The puzzles are engaging and well thought out, helping the game feel more like a simulation rather than a pure puzzle game.  The world is large and, although linear, there are multiple paths you can take and there is realism in what you can and cannot do (jump off a 20ft ledge in this game and you'll crunch a few bones and die).  A lot of the graphics are truly stunning, let down only by some low-resolution textures on equipment and posters.  For people who like to solve a mystery, there is an optional code to crack (sorry - not giving ANY clues here) in various forms.  The game reveals a story through audio tapes, letters and newspaper clippings that you can choose to read or not.  For an indie game, and one that has only released two of its three parts, there is a lot of content already, offering excellent value for money (the third part is to be released for free).Anything not so good?Not much, to be honest.  The very start of the game feels a bit laborious (more irritation than puzzle) which is a shame because the rest of this game deserves a much richer introduction. Still, get your kit, find your car, and then you're away - and into the game proper!Movement can be a bit glitchy - especially in parts of the game requiring a bit of platforming, but I suspect this is due to the engine rather than the game.  The voice acting is not so good and (at first) breaks the immersiveness until you get used to it.  Sometimes, you can find yourself inadvertently past a point of no return which might mean you can't complete an aspect of the game unless you reload one of the four limited game-save slots (or start the section again).   There are a few complaints in reviews about the speed batteries are eaten up, and while that is VERY true, it is the game's metric needed to create an urgency and sense of survival, so I can see why this has been done.In summary...INFRA is a superb indie game packed full of atmosphere - of particular delight for anyone who likes the idea of exploring and fixing derelict and decaying industry.  It's a bit glitchy here and there but the gameplay and simulation puzzles make up for this ten-fold.  Even though the third and final part of the game is yet to come, there is plenty of game already (it kept me busy for close on 50 hours).  If you like atmospheric puzzle and/or escape games, then this is an essential title to add to your collection."
,Recommended,251110,32856567,Posted: 27 June,all,Sockman,"This isn't a game for everyone. Most of it consists of walking around and doing slowly-paced puzzles, which require you to be very observant. However, with that said, I really enjoyed this game. While it requires you to be observant, all its mechanics are focused around making you look around at your environment, so it's usually not frustrating or annoying. The game is all about exploration and puzzle solving, and it's mechanic of taking pictures keeps you attentive, while the puzzles require that attention in order to be solved. On top of that, the story slowly unfolds itself as you explore, making it another incentive for looking around.There are a few time-sensitive ""action"" sections, which unfortunately were my least favorite part of this game. When most of the game is very relaxed and slow-paced, it's very jarring to suddenly have a section where you're expected to react quickly. Also, a lot of the puzzles began to become annoying after a while, and I started to see the same puzzles get reiterated in different environments. It would have been nice to see some more variety for the puzzles, and maybe a few more areas just for exploration.Despite all that, I really enjoyed this game, and I'm eagerly looking forward to part 3!"
,Recommended,251110,23027616,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Soup Dragon,"(Forgive me if the formattings terrible i havent written a Steam review before)Let me start by saying I really enjoyed INFRA, it wasnt what I was expecting (I dont really know what you could expect after reading you get to be a structural analyst in the first line of text but yeah...) but I felt it was a really rewarding and relaxing journey.So what actually is it?INFRA is a kind of mix between a game like Amnesia and Dear Esther, you get the puzzle elements from one, and the story elements/walking from the other (mostly the walking). I thought the puzzles were extremely well done personally, they dont have a sort of mad science feel that some other games like this have, its mostly about you controlling stuff to progress on and complete your job (which is to monitor how bad the spot is wrecked so you can begin fixing it).I've noticed it had the tag of horror but I wouldn't really agree with that, I didnt come across anything that made me feel uneasy at all, it was just quite atmospheric throughout. By the way you dont get attacked by anything like in a survival horror game. I felt that was something I should mention because I was concerned about that throughout.The story is pretty decent to, the game tells the tale of an economic collapse of an entire region, and you get to experience how it progressed to where it was by looking through notes and areas that you experience when going through the game. I began by not really careing all too much and didnt pay that much attention to the newspaper articles littered through the world, but then towards the end I started to read through them and found them to be quite interesting, so my recommendation was if you get it do that from the start :).This game has a great atmosphere too, in particular theres a section where you go into an abandoned steel factory and lose connection with the outside world, and it feels really earie which I guess explains the horror tag. The sound was done really well in this area too, mostly silent with a low bassy hum of I guess the old poweplant?Speaking about sound, I really liked the soundtrack for the game and I felt that it fit well with each section, so if you have a few extra pennies I'd say its worth buying it.My time played shows roughly how long the game lasts, and I'd say its not bad for a small indie game, infact quite good. Theres also multiple collectables and stuff you can go back and do for the achievements giving you a reason to play it again, which you know, its always a positive.Bad Bits:Although I really enjoyed my experience with INFRA theres a few points I think you should know:1. The voice acting at the start was pretty bad, the characters other than your own didnt feel genuine at all and the animations of the people were lacking quite a bit (but this goes away after about the first 15 mins or so, so dont worry about that too much).2. Its got quite a walking simulator feel to it, aside from the puzzles, and is more of a relaxing experience than an intense one. So thats something to watch out for if you don't really like those types of games.Anyway to sum this up, I also had a crack at making a video review which you may want to check out to see what the gameplay is like and get my full view on it before you buy it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THlqNr-opzE"
,Recommended,251110,31475851,Posted: 30 April,all,Paul Blart: Mall Goth,"Excellent level design. The atmosphere of this game takes me back to the quiet moments of Half Life 2, where there aren't any enemies around, and it's just you and your PhD in physics against a series of decaying urban labyrinths. There's something about the humming of generators and bubble of isolation that gives you a sense that something terrible and unknown is occuring all around you, just out of your sight. INFRA is the game Gordan Freeman would have instead if the Black Mesa incident never happened and he went to become a civil engineer."
,Recommended,251110,33066347,Posted: 30 June,all,[BM&S]SilverStreak♥Fluttershy,"This is hands down my most favorite game of all time. An independently developed Civil Engineer Puzzle, Thriller, Mystery, Survival game I never knew I wanted! A game like that must sound odd to most, after all, what could be so thrilling about being a game where your job is to go around fixing a city's worth of infrastructural issues? The fact is, everything's been abandoned, built poorly, in extreme disrepair, or just down right broken. Also most of the things in those horrible conditions are not things you want like that. Such as Subway tunnels, sewer tunnels under the city, a whole dam, water treatment plants, power stations, and it all falls under a corruption scandal. The story is still going and the final Part 3 is still on the horizon with no release date in sight, but I have faith an amazing game like this has people working passionately behind the scenes to complete this properly but at their own pace. The one thing I want to point out as the big part of the game I enjoy, it has to be the Engineering puzzles. The story is awesome, the suspenseful almost horror like elements are well done on their own, but my interest is mainly with the Puzzles. I always feel like I accomplished something when I run around a building or a series of tunnels and manage to fix something using only notes and signs left behind by the now unemployed workers or unfortunate explorers, or just my ability as a puzzle solver to find the answer to each puzzle. And they always feel like a pure achievement as you fix a water treatment plant the city needed, or restoring electricity, preventing disasters, correcting the problems like a Civil Engineer would in real life! In fact I'd say the game about meets the definition of engineer: A person who performs precision guess work based on unreliable data provided by those of questionable knowledge. See also Wizard, Sorcerer. I'd say fixing a whole city's infrastructure using sticky notes and ones own wits about sum up the game. This game is a must have!"
,Recommended,251110,22573269,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,supernaut,"I was expecting a 4-hour game at best, but instead I got 18 hours of enjoyable exploration and puzzle solving set entirely in Finland, as it should be used more as a setting and not just for sports games. And that's just Part 1. I can't imagine how many more locations are in store in Part 2, which will be a free update, when I've already experienced the length of at least two modern FPS games for €15. Not only is it a refreshing change of setting from your usual New Yorks or what have you, though any city would work here, it's also inspired by a documentary about deteriorating infrastructure. That fact alone fills me with confidence that games as an art form is in safe hands. It's a fascinating choice of subject matter for a developer's first game and not in any way presented through a prism of science fiction or a military conflict, which is usually the choice for first-person games set in crumbling cities.Instead of having a decaying city as a backdrop, it's a character of the story. A victim of neglect, rivaling companies and corruption. You're tasked with surveying the structural damage of the city of Stalburg by taking photos of the damage. Finding documents and tapes people have left behind, you start to piece together where it all went haywire. You work your way through a maze of different locations, each of them detailed to the point of being believable, but not impressive by standards available to those with a huge budget. This being a crowd-funded game however, the scope and level of detail achieved here is shocking for a team of just 6 people, according to the credits.INFRA removes the guns, the aliens or bad guys with guns and you're left with elements that every great FPS relies on: exploration, environmental storytelling, quiet moments, puzzle solving, dealing with obstacles, etc. It's a game of valves, switches, key cards, buttons, turning it off, turning it on, reading notes and instructions to operate machinery and I loved every minute of it. You can find most of these in every notable FPS since the days of DOOM. The reason I'm emphasizing these is because the devs have honestly described what their game is about. It's not overburdened by pointless distractions that only create the illusion of immediacy and importance. What you're doing here is important in and of itself. The game sends a strong message of being responsible with the world around you, which is, among all these hugely expensive and ultimately pointless games, thoroughly heartwarming and commendable. Not to mention rare.Couple of moments where I couldn't figure out how to progress, so I consulted a video walkthrough, but I'm more bummed about the the stuff I didn't know how to repair. You're stuck between analyzing and trying to leave a place in a better shape than it was, but many of the bigger puzzles tied to achievements I just couldn't figure out, so grudgingly I had to move on. Thankfully there are no easy-to-use guides out there yet, so you can actually enjoy the puzzles as opposed to following a step-by-step guide on how to restore the functions of all these different facilities. There is damage, or scripted moments, that's unavoidable, but instinctively you try to be responsible where you can. These places have been abandoned, reminiscent of Pripyat, but the machinery still has life left in it, which continue to do damage.The overall aesthetic reminded me of STALKER meets Half-Life 2, so a big thank you for Loiste Interactive in filling a gap that certain developers have failed to do for too long. To crawl through vents and solve puzzles is not to be underestimated, guns or no guns. While I eventually gave up on reading newspapers or longer notes, towards the end, I'm very much interested in how the story will progress in Part 2 and I look forward to taking more photos and solving puzzles. Somehow I've managed to ignore the elephant in the room. The voice acting of the player character is atrocious, but it steadily grows on you at a snail's pace, cos it's just so bad that it becomes almost cute. There is a lack of polish here, but that didn't stop Shadow of Chernobyl in becoming one of the best games of all time. You have to let a few things slide in order to get something special out there and that's fine, cos it's important that we get to play this in its current form than not at all."
,Recommended,251110,30419877,Posted: 9 March,all,aradapilot,"If you're into urbex, stop reading and buy this immediately.  This game is a gift to us.For the rest of you, this is an excellent first person puzzle game, with a huge variety of really interesting environments.  It might not be the most beautiful game in the genre, but it is extremely well polished in gameplay.  Also, it's educational!  I now know how things like water treatment plants work (the game concepts are broadly based on how the things actually work, just modified to make it a game).There's one awful thing, which is a headache throughout the entire experience, though it's worth it for all of the pros.  The battery mechanic.  You have a camera and flashlight, and they run through batteries, which you must find in the world (limited supply, though plentiful).  The idea seems to be keeping players from running around with the camera out like a teen walking with a cell phone - but limiting the few people who would actually do that [which is harmless, anyway] by making a problem for all other players...it's unfortunate.  It feels like it wants to make all the wonderful puzzles into time-based ones (which most puzzle gamers hate) - if it's dark, you now have limited time to work on an otherwise clever situation.  Or maybe it feels like you're constantly playing a horrible minigame.Developers, please, everything but the batteries is amazing - finding secret items is cool, but they can be anything else."
,Recommended,251110,34284555,Posted: 16 August,all,Loadingue,"This game is a tribute to mappers everywhere. People who dedicate themselves to making ambitious sets, believable, varied and beautiful.I had to admit I felt a sense of liberty I've craved for in video games; walking all alone in public buildings, free to touch anything, go anywhere, think of the people who work here and the purpose of this building.I want to believe this game is a tribute to the modern society we live in, with its flaws and its qualities, its giant maze-like infrastructure that is vital for everything we take for granted in our urban lives.It's one of the most immersive and thought-provoking experiences I've played recently, and I want to see more like this."
76561198216752651,Recommended,251110,35104809,Posted: 21 September,all,imprimis2,"If you like to explore dilapidated buildings and discover the inner workings of the infrastructure of how cities and towns work, this is a game you'll really enjoy.You play as Mark, a structural engineer who is on a mission to take photos of unsafe conditions, repair damaged machinery, redirect water flow, and track down the clues behind a mystery of a crumbling city; Stalburg.  Things are not what they seem.  Corruption and scandal lay at the heart of INFRA's world, and it's a very interesting premise.During your travels and analysis (primarily on-foot,) you'll want to make use of a flashlight and camera, since many locations are dark and many things are in disarray.  You'll also solve a few electrical puzzles and get caught in rapid-fire situations where you must move quickly to escape or face your death.  While the game had some frustrating areas for me, mainly because I would run out of time to finish, nothing in the game is difficult to the point you'll be wasting hours trying to find the answer-----but if you do, there are videos and guides online to help you through.Part three released on September 27, 2017.See you in the INFRA!"
76561198007343194,Recommended,251110,23439911,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jyrsis,"I was very pleasantly surprised with the game. It looks great considering the aging engine. (It would be amazing on modern engines) It's very atmospheric and I just love crawling in every place looking for easter eggs and more things to photograph. (and if you're careful you can find plenty of batteries. I had 10/10 for both almost all the time in last episodes)Some people complaing about the protagonist's voice acting but I find it very fitting for what I imagine the guy is like :) The game has a lot of easter eggs, hidden things, things that only Finnish people understand (+/-) and on top of that extreme attention to small details. I found a phone number in random poster after the cave early in the game and much later I could call the number for some additional fun. Plenty of things like that.The basic gameplay consists of walking around looking for structural damage / other things that need maintenance or documents exposing corruption and then snapping a photo of them. May not sound very exciting but the beautifully aged environments make if very enjoyable. For me at least. The game really rewards exploration.There are also a number of puzzles which vary from simple to slightly more complex ones but  you don't have to solve them all (Unless you're looking for 100% completion) Good thing about the puzzles is that usually they are rather logical. There are few places where you have to do some precision jumping but if you've played any fps games it's nothing too difficult.There is also bigger plot behind the whole thing which slowly unravels as you find new clues and stuff. I have to pay more attention to it on the next playthrough but it seemed interesting enough. Anyway I'm really looking forward to part 2 and want to congratulate the devs for great work so far.As a sidenote I bought the game for my 70 year old father who enjoys playing Myst type games and he at least seems to have enjoyed the experience even if some areas that require nimble fingers were causing additional grey hairs for him :)As a final warning I'd like to point out that if you're looking for continuous action and get bored of exploring places just for the sake of exploring you may not enjoy the game as much as I did."
,Recommended,251110,20596865,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,GasMask,"If you like to explore abandoned and derelict places this is the game.Sure, the game has some things to be done and some tweaks are needed. But once it's polished it will be awesome!"
,Recommended,251110,32181351,Posted: 4 June,all,p-himik,"The game has its problems, but if you like exploration, industrial environments, and detailed worlds, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,251110,20609292,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Vic,"Brilliantly designed, with superb production values and a clever, intriguing storyline. INFRA doesn't even look, feel or play like it was made using the Source engine, but it's a testament to the engine and Source modding community's versatility and ingenuity. The game essentially plays like an old-school adventure game, but with a first-person exploration twist. Worth trying out!"
76561198027328846,Recommended,251110,27459582,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hissingfuse,Have you ever driven through the country and seen some kind of large building in the distance and wanted to have a look inside? Then this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,251110,20570507,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,m o n o,"Before critizising the game, I got to acknowledge that a lot of work, especially in detailling went into this game. But it seems like the devs put their manhours to the wrong tasks. The levels look pretty but feel very unnatural (unless blocking pretty much every fire escape door and denying access to all non-important doors is some sort of inside joke). The puzzles range from ""too easy/obvious"" in the form of ""get this item and put it here"" and simple ""read the code on this paper and then switch the right switch"" where the code and the switch are always directly next to each other to almost impossible to figure out parts of the game... more often than not you are supposed to pick up or pay attention to things before you see the actual puzzle. Exploration in this game isnt rewarded. I was constantly running low on batteries especially in the mid section of the game since even when exploring you wouldn't find any supplies. Exploring, well the parts that you could explore, lead to nothing and often you just ended up at places you were before. You keep picking up keys (they all look the same) without knowing what they are for.The only cool thing that I discovered were a hand full of easter eggs (smaller stuff) and a bunch of codes that seemed importantlike the code on the sheet over the corpse, although that one wasnt really ""hidden"" at allbut even that part didnt save the game. There are better Indie games out there that look better and have a more solid story plus better gameplay. If youre interested in this game, you definitely want to check out The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, as it has a somewhat similar setting but is a better game all around for the same price. I do not recommend this game although I don't think it's terrible. But it's just no fun."
,Recommended,251110,20578252,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PewPew >:C,"INFRA is definitely one of the best indie games I have played that have come out of the source engine. It takes wondrous care in it's level design and mechanics that topple many of the other games out there. It scares you with every day things, nothing supernatural except you own imagination. Even though I do recomend this to anyone with any interest in puzzle, exploration, story or even real-life urban exploring there are a few major problems that this game have that are purely to do with immersiveness, user learning and user preferences.First off, there is no options menu in-game. You can save, load and all that but no options to find keybindings, change mouse sensitivity, or any of the normal stuff. This is really quite irritating especially when there is no information given during the game as to what buttons to press for the flashlight and camera. That said, there is a pop up telling you to press R for switching batteries when you have to. This needs to be implemented for when you get the devices. tutorials are important, especially without an in-game keybindings screen.Secondly, it is very annoying to me when I find this many grammatical and spelling errors everywhere in the game. In a discoverable office early on there are some logs that are written with many spelling mistakes and general sloppiness like ""close of bankcrupty"" and ""waiting receiving the funds"". These errors really take away from the immersiveness of this lovely game for me. Not saying that these errors can't be good if done right, but there are just so many and the game offers no lore-friendly explanation for them.Finally, the voice acting is really quite bad in some areas, with much of the scripting following the errors in the writing. I actually feel like I am in The Room (movie) with everything combined. Something I think also ties in with this is when you talk to the office workers at the beginning. They have voices, but no animations.All that in consideration, this is still an amazing game with even more amazing potential in the future. I am judging this at the same level I would judge games by EA and Valve, which is saying a heck of a lot for an indie title. If you read all this and are still considering whether or not to buy the game, do it. The gameplay is unique in so many ways it just doesn't compare. Fantastic job devs, keep it up!"
76561198069779830,Recommended,251110,20567126,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,FixCarFor5Peso,"(TLDR version below vv)Generally not a puzzle kinda guy, shooters and builders are more my thing, but this one tickled my pickle. The tag ""puzzle"" is a bit misleading anyway, as this game has more characteristics of an unlinear adventure game.The plot is immersive and just the right amount of complex, even my good-for-nothing brain could keep track of all the people, conspiracies, fraud and general timeline of these events, which all stitch together nicely as you progress further in the game.Not only is the plot cinematic, but so are the sceneries. Especially for an indie game, the landscapes are beautiful and the surroundings highly, if not even meticulously detailed. You can barely notice the ""indie"" in this game.Sure, it's an indie game so it has its bugs and quirks, but so do the AAA titles- only they cannot compete with this kind of originality and storytelling.TLDR VERSION!!IS GOOD, I LIKED, MUCH STORY, VERY FASCINATE, SHOULD BUY!WHY IS BUY??-Story-Landscapes, graphics, general outlook-Attention to detail+humouristic details, easter eggs etc.-Originality-Not annoyingly difficult, but rewarding and stimulating- a bit like Portal-Open-ish world-Part 2 is coming as a free update(!!!!)WHY IS RECONSIDER BUY??-Clunky dialogues/voice acting-Has random bugs, although fairly rare.-I didn't recognise some NPC characters as humans at first. Doesn't affect gameplay however, just pointing it out for you nitpickers."
,Recommended,251110,29273523,Posted: 15 January,all,Klippy,"One of the best games of 2016 if you like exploring. Huge beautiful worlds, the details are amazing and funny and the story is there, but not too overwhelming.If you like the worlds in first-person shooters like Half-Life 2 but would like to do less shooting and more exploring, this is your game."
,Recommended,251110,26122065,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mooz,"WOW, it's Half-Life 3!!!Not really, but probably what it would be like if the Combine wiped out everybody and just left. LOL This game is one of the best uses of the [can-still-always-tell-it's-the] Source engine that I've ever seen. The attention to detail with the environments is pretty astonishing! (Occasionally the framerate can take a hit when it overdoes the physics, though.)So, the game… Well, it's strange to me. On one hand, I'd definitely call it the ultimate exploration simulator, so if you don't like exploring for fun and for trying to figure things out, you'd probably want to pass on this one. Otherwise it's a pretty cool realistic discovery type of game.On the other hand, the game kind of keeps you on edge because you're expecting something horrific to happen at any time, but other than a few ""jump events"" there isn't any horror at all. The atmosphere is fantastic nonetheless. The world you're in is essentially deserted, except for a few places you can see actual normal life happening.All in all, quite the cool game worth the time if you like to explore realistic, dangerous, abandoned environments and solve some puzzles, as well as discover an interesting backstory, all the while wondering where everyone went and why the heck you're even bothering. :>"
76561198274422237,Recommended,251110,29486204,Posted: 25 January,all,Seductive Sin,"Had the pleasure of meeting Morko, now i near enough cr*p myself every time i hear a creak, groan, moan or thump and thats walking through the light area's :o oh and i blew myself up on a ww2 bomb, was pretty d*mn cool lolThe atmosphere and environment in this game are so well implemented that it doesnt need monsters or jump scares to scare you, though at the same time there are area's that are serene and beautiful and can easily make you forget the massive conspiracy and major structural dangers that you will be fighting your way through all in the name work, just another day at the office.....kind off lolI enjoyed playing this game and so far the only issue i have experienced is the hazy lighting that i get but in all fairness i am running the game on a windows 10 laptop and i know the dev's have mentioned that they are looking in to this issue so all good i'd say :D the devs are great and are always around to help, they are 100% commited to working on their game and making it better, the community here is fab, theres always someone willing to help with hints tips and fixes too,  definitely recommend this game and looking forward to checking out the third part :D"
,Recommended,251110,32748414,Posted: 24 June,all,THE PAIN TRAIN!!,"If you like Urbex videos and or HL2's puzzel sections, STOP READING THIS AND BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!Infra is a very smart and very atmosphereic game that kept me hooked the entire way through. It has a few problems, most of which can be traced back to the limitations of the source engine. I had the game crash on me a few times as well as some weird graphical glitches.One thing that amazed me throughout my play through was how believably the environments are layed out, I felt like they could be real places or possibly based off real places.In all, I give this game a very very solid recomendation."
,Recommended,251110,34515682,Posted: 26 August,all,genoforprez,"It's a bit of an odd game in some ways. There are certainly things about it that will seem strange or quirky about it, and yes there are elements of it that feel a little bit cheap or underdeveloped in the beginning. BUT. Hang in there. At least hang in there until you get out of the office and start exploring the first site.If you are a fan of Myst-like games that are all about slow-paced and mindful exploration of a detailed 3D environment, manipulating machines, buttons, levers, valves, and other doo-dads to solve puzzles, opening desk drawers and filing cabinets in search of documents or some AA betteries, well then there is going to be plenty enough here for you to like. If you happen to have a thing for abandonment and urban decay, then you're going to have an even better time.You are also a site inspector of sorts in this game, so there is also a photography aspect to the game where you snap photographic evidence of areas that are damaged, deteriorating, or dangerous. Basically take a photo of anything that looks like some kind of OSHA violation. This part of the game can be a little frustrating because sometimes things look photo-worthy when they're not and vice versa. But if you open your camera, the viewfinder should hint whether a photo should be taken or not. The game also could do more to underscore this aspect of the game or explain what it is for. It is possible to forget about the photography and complete the game without taking any photos, for example, which may lead some players to ignore it if they don't see the purpose.Another demerit could be the areas in the game where there are environmental hazards that can kill you---especially areas where the player is obligated to perform a specific sequence of actions on a fast time limit or else immediately die. These segments often feel confounding, cheap, or frustrating; but hang in there. It doesn't happen TOO often.But the real draw of the game is its nostalgic Myst-iness. As a person who craves that type of experience and is sort of sad that we don't see many titles like that, it really does a lot for me. And unlike games from Cyan, it's more friendly to slightly older machines.It's a pretty solid game, though I am sure the $25 price tag will make some people hesitate--especially if they are not too sure what to expect. If you really really enjoy that slow exploration/puzzle type Myst feel, and if you enjoy abandonment and urban decay, then it should be worth the money for you. As I understand, this game will be updated later with more episodes, which should add even more value to the game.It's not without its odd rough edges here and there, but on the whole, I feel it was a good buy.7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is absolutely worth full price.6) A solid good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game that may or may not be quite worth full price.4) An alright game, but opinions are likely to strongly differ on the game's value.3) A bit rough, but with some interesting or redeeming qualities. Purchase with care!2) Quite rough. You may find something to like, but brace yourself. Purchase with care!1) Broken, unplayable, or otherwise impossible to recommend."
,Recommended,251110,30991718,Posted: 6 April,all,Andi,"INFRA is a first person exploration puzzle survival adventure game with some mystery thrown in.  This game is divided into 3 parts.  At the time of this review, Parts 1 and 2 have been released and Part 3 is in development.You play as a surveyor trying to determine the state of the city in which you're employed.  It soon becomes a fight to survive.  I've played this game several times (trying to get all of the achievements) and so far, I've been electrocuted, crushed, drowned, steamed like a lobster, burned alive, blown up, poisoned, washed away, had a heart attack, hit by a mini train, and have fallen to my death... more than once.  This game keeps you on your toes that's for sure.Pros:- The graphics are very well done- The voice acting is decent- Several puzzles to solve- Lengthy game play- Secret areas- Good replay valueCons:- Some of the puzzles have no explanation of what you need to do- Running out of batteries for the flashlight can “trap” you- Unless there is a surprise in Part 3, the story is only mildly interesting- Some of the ways in which you can die is goofy. For example:- Your character dies instantly wading in waste deep water- Your character can't hold his breath... at allOne thing I really wish that the developers would have done is given a clue or two with some of the puzzles in the form of your character talking out loud to himself, especially if you have been wondering around for more than ten minutes.  A few of the puzzles are very hard to figure out, however, it's not mandatory to solve most of the puzzles to proceed with the story.At the time of this review, INFRA (Parts 1 and 2) were selling for $24.99.  Is it worth it?  I think so.  It's a decent game with good puzzles and great graphics.  I'm looking forward to Part 3."
76561198027502098,Not Recommended,251110,21917645,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,CrazyT,"Don't understand me wrong, this game has potential.It has good graphics and environment(oh well ... beside that you are mostly alone in an area that has no people and the only animals you see are some birds).I also like the small jokes/eastereggs hidden within the game.The map itself is big and has a lot of small details.Now comes the bad Part:Basically this is like a walking simulator and no real adventure game.There are some small puzzles inside, like geting Key. push the right buttons, place boxes etc.but it somehow does not feel like you could enjoy those puzzles for some reason ... it's missing something.You have only one tool(a camera) that basically only helps you to give you some additional information.(if you are lucky)I was disappointed because i somehow expected more about it.It would have helped if thes atleast would have added a collection page for photos or something that makes it feel like a challenge to find everything.(even if its optional)Although its Tagged as ""Horror"" you should not expect anything like that.It has some low shocking moments but that won't make it a ""Horror"" game.The game is somehow different from others, but it probably won't be a game for everybody."
,Recommended,251110,20632331,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TheQuack45,"Fantastic game. Currently I don't know if it's worth $15, but the developers are going to add further parts for no cost to those who own it, so it will be worth it in time.Plot: The story feels a bit forced, but it is interesting, and fits very well with the concept of the game. It has a lot of potential for advancement, and is left on a cliffhanger that does work. I'm looking forward to the continuation with the updates.Puzzles: The puzzles are Portal-style; built into the level, completing them is the only way to get through. There's a mix of physics puzzles, jumping puzzles, and others that incorporate many different concepts and features into them. Some are easy, some are very hard, but I was able to get through all of them except one without having to look on the discussion forums, and in that case, it was because the instructions were poorly worded. Here's a tip; remember to always look at EVERYTHING in the area. There are a few puzzles that I feel are unnecessarily hard, and one or two instances where the instructions themselves are unclear (water treatment plant...) but you can work past them, and the developers are very active on the forums answering questions if it comes to that.Graphics: The game is gorgeous. There are some incredible locations, both outdoors and indoors. Some of the locations remind me of the coastal area in Half Life 2, but much more beautiful. So while the game produces plenty of great outdoor scenes, the indoor locations also do not fall to the tendency that games have to make their indoor locations boring and dark. The indoor locations feel varied but familiar, with new visuals every time.Sounds: The sound design is pretty good, nothing to phone home about. There isn't much you can do with this kind of a game, but it feels atmospheric, which is about all is needed, I guess. Voice acting could use some work, particularly the main character, but it is far from game-breaking. The music is pretty average throughout, but there are a few points wherejustthe right piece starts playing atjustthe right moment, creating a fantastic feeling.Overall, if you like puzzles, I would recommend this game. The first part of the story took me about 9.3 hours to complete, with a pretty average amount of struggling, so with the updates, there will be enough content to make it worth it. If you've always wanted to be able to explore infrastructure (like me), this will be a blast. I can't vouch for its accuracy, but it feels realistic, and that's pretty much all I care about. I'm looking forward to what kind of new locations I'll get to explore in the next chapter."
76561197967112497,Recommended,251110,28896183,Posted: 1 January,all,Blaedmon,"Extraordinary! I love games with atmosphere and mood with a cold finger pressing on your brain somewhere you cant quite reach. INFRA is massive. Logical puzzles. Awesome modelling and texturing as well as sound.The positives far, far outweigh any negatives. Its quite unique and has me hooked.Awesome job, well worth the money even at full price. You'll love it."
76561198051362289,Not Recommended,251110,29265239,Posted: 14 January,all,foaminator,"Decent Game but Poor Parts Ruin ItI'm disappointed by this game. The idea is nice; pure exploration with some social commentary and light puzzles. Unfortunately, a few design decisions are just so poor that it ruins the experience. Some examples:At one point, as soon as you step onto a rickety raft, it launches and it's incredibly difficult to steer. If you hitanything, it breaks apart and you ""die"" because you touched deep water.There are several places where you have to jump around like a platformer. You even have to place boxes in exactly the right place or your feeble jumping skills won't make the gap.In another area, the instructions (which are generally good) say ""do this and that opens"", but what they don't mention is it doesn't open immediately after you do ""this"". Because the ceiling is collapsing (which will kill you), you are looking for immediate feedback.The level design is generally good, but in a few places, very vexing. There are several places where once you go through a particular door, you cannot go back and there's stuff you missed.There are way too many places that require you to crouch (which makes you move very slowly) or are very dark (which requires the flashlight). I understand this is realistic, but after the umpteenth ventilation duct and dark room, it just becomes a massive drag.In short, this game seems to want to be too many things. It's not an action game, so don't make navigating a raft of death hard. It's not a platformer, so don't make me do precision jumps. It's not a repeat play game, so don't prevent me from getting to areas because I went left first instead of right first. It's not a stealth game, so stop forcing me to slowly crouch through unlit areas.Lastly, this game would be perfect for VR which it doesn't support. VR is lacking good games and I think, with some of my other issues addressed, this would be a great experience in VR. It's clear the dev's tried, but I think they missed the mark a bit too much for me to recommend this game."
,Recommended,251110,25260365,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ReverendTed,"Note: This review is of INFRA Part 1.  The developers have indicated their intent to produce Parts 2 and 3 and release them as a free upgrade for owners of Part 1.  Even so, if they'd restructured the ending of Part 1 to be more definitive and called the game finished, I honestly wouldn't see much reason to complain about the length (though it is possible to blast through Part 1 quickly if you want to skip all the extra puzzles and content).Alternate title: ""Loading Screens: The Game"".Perhaps it's because I had all my settings cranked up as high as they'd go, but my first time through INFRA (Part 1), I had loading screens that would take a full 30 minutes to complete.  That's not an exaggeration - I was watching the clock.  It may have been generating a Shader Cache or something because loading times on subsequent playthroughs could be lengthy, but never quite that long again.Alternate title: ""Bridge Inspector: The Game""One of INFRA's greatest strengths is its unique subject matter.  I can't think of another game offhand that's focused on Civil Engineering slash Municipal Infrastructure Inspection.  Sound boring?  Sometimes, yes.  INFRA is largely a walking simulator, and much of the content can be safely ignored, but the realistic setting provides for an Urban Exploration vibe where seeing the ""underside"" of everyday locations is the reward.  There are puzzles scattered about, though nothing too mind-bending.  Most major obstacles will have a couple of paths around them, so a single puzzle isn't likely to stymie your progress, though obesssive explorers will want to backtrack and see what they missed.  There are a few moments of panic where quick action is necessary to avoid an untimely demise, but nothing too taxing.  There is a single jump scare, but it's located off the main path and you have to work really hard to even find it, and once you're headed toward it you'll probably be expecting it anyway.Alternate title: ""Markku Siltanen and the Most Power-Hungry Camera in the World""A central gameplay element is your charge as structural analyst Markku to document structural defects in the infrastructure of the fictional Eastern European city of Stalberg by photographing them with your camera.  The camera has a voracious appetite for batteries, which can be found scattered along your path through the game world.  You can carry up to 10 packs of spares, which would be enough for a year-long tour of Europe in reality, but here you'll be changing batteries every handful of photos.  I tended to be judicious about only pulling the camera out when I was pretty sure there was a subject to be photographed, and I explored every nook and cranny, so I never actually ran out of batteries completely.There's also a flashlight which requires different batteries, but the same experience applies.Alternate title: ""Alt-Tab and the Infinite Sadness""Again, this may just be my particular setup, but INFRA would not recover if I Alt-Tabbed out to the desktop or another application, or clicked on something on my 2nd monitor.  This wouldn't be as much of an issue except that I had a couple of reasons to want to do so:First, did I mention the 30-minute load times?  I would liked to have done something else while the little white bar crept through the darkness.  I had to get out my PHONE of all things (hashtag first world problems).Second, I'm an achievement junkie, and four of the achievements are particularly brutal because of a specific requirement.  They're awarded for finding 90% of the collectibles in the game IN A SINGLE PLAYTHROUGH.  Since running around with your camera out searching for hotspots burns through batteries, it's nice to finish the game and then go back for a second round with a walkthrough open to make sure you're not missing anything.  But don't try to Alt-Tab to your browser (or scroll in the browser on your second monitor) because INFRA won't recover.  (And then you have to force it closed and endure the loading screen again to get back to where you were.)Alternate title: ""English As A Second Language: The Game""The voice acting is...hard to pin down.  I can't tell if it's bad, or if it's genuinely trying to be an Eastern European speaking English as a second language.  After a while, you just get used to Markku's accent, but I did find myself wondering why he was thinking out loud in English instead of his native tongue.All in all, I enjoyed INFRA.  It's a Source engine game so it's showing its age, but the setting is well-built and immersive and the plot is compelling.  Despite its shortcomings it's a worthwhile purchase on sale, even in its current incomplete state, especially for fans of more low-key exploratory experiences."
,Recommended,251110,33763764,Posted: 24 July,all,TouriStarr,"A relaxing exploration game in a beautiful industrial setting where you solve machine problems.I love the setting and the theme of this game. It's relaxing, intriguing and.. the levels are huge!There is a lot to explore, much feels familiar and I get fully immersed in the game. A Very nice game!Recommended! :D"
,Recommended,251110,26394567,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,viva,"INFRA appears to be a walking simulator on the surface but there is so much more beneath the surface. If you want a game that will allow you to explore abandoned structures and offer you some great puzzles along the way I highly recommend INFRA.INFRA manages to separate itself from the pack of walking simulators very quickly by making every area of the game worthy of exploring, but also having so many puzzles that immerse you into the world and contribute to the tone and atmosphere of the game. The puzzles are very creative, often involving many different variables and there are often puzzles that you will miss on your first playthrough (I know I did!). The enviroments are large and open ended -  exploring the enviroments never ceases to be interesting. In fact on my second playthrough I found many areas and passages that I had missed on my first playthrough which I thought I did a thorough job on. However even on my second playthrough I still didn't get the 90% repaired achievement. The amount of content is amazing and with part 2 out and continuing the line of excellent puzzle design, interesting world development it pains me to see the game so underrated.The voice acting at times sounds weird. As if the voice actor wasn't a native English speaker and was fighting with his accent. It isn't a big deal and I've come to find some of the lines endearing over my playtime.Overall INFRA is a game I highly recommend. A gem that cannot - should not - be missedYa'll better nominate this game for The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award."
76561198007579241,Recommended,251110,23519940,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,oku,Truthfully I'm hooked on this game.  You get to explore in some beautiful surroundings unraveling a very fascinating story.  For me it was like the exploration you got to do in Half-life with some of the creepiness of Penumbra but more exploring and  less creepiness.
,Recommended,251110,21041299,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ralphie Raccoon,"INFRA is the story of a structural analyst who seems to enjoy ending up in life threatening situations, and has scant regard for his own personal safety, working for a consulting firm who clearly sees hard hats as the pinnacle of heath and safety, happy send their staff alone into potentially unsafe bits of infrastructure.OK, snark mode off, INFRA is a very impressive game for the price. It has it's flaws, and it can be frustrating at times for all the wrong reasons, but the effort put in to the locations and enviroments shines through. The one thing that stood out for me the most was the realism I got from the sheer attention to detail. The devs have clearly done their location research, starting all the way with the office at the beginning, through to every piece of infrastructure in the game. Occasionally some breaks from reality are present for gameplay reasons (our protagonists rather liberal interpretation of health and safety protocols included,as well as the general lack of safety features within the infrastructure, though the story may give some reasons for this), but from the offices to the shop floor, there was a definite sense of immersion that came with such realistic detail.My main critcisms would be that it relies a little too much on ""first person platforming"", much like half-life did back in the day, the puzzles often rely on obscurity rather than logic (though this may have been a good thing, real infrastructre doesn't want to make you solve the soup cans before shutting down a malfunctioning turbine!), and sometimes it's not obvious what your immediate objective is, particularly as there are often multiple paths which can leave you worried you've missed something.Overall, a great game for the price, and worth it for an enjoyable weekend play."
76561197970620112,Recommended,251110,29330533,Posted: 17 January,all,RJK001,I'm absolutely loving this and looking forward to the rest of the story. The research work that the devs put into making this must have been phenomenal - to make all the machines and infrastructure work as we all take for granted that it does in the real world. My only complaint is the jumping/climbing mechanics - it would have been better if they had just left the physics to work like it does in Half-Life 2.
76561197972729524,Recommended,251110,20756443,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Perus_TC,"First of all...I HATE puzzles.......because I SUCK at them.That being said this was a pleasant surprise.I still HATE the puzzles but,it is still quite fun.The story is amazing albeit a little vague(for good reason I am guessing).The suspense in the game comes from the ""suggested""twisted nature of an apparent company mogul that went crackers.The inferred nature of the insanity is irresistable.You can't wait to get past the next puzzle to hear more of the story or read it in conveniently placed newspapers and notes.They really helped me a lot with some of the puzzles.(Thanks Devs)The level layout is awesome and the vista's are beautiful.Assuming there is another installment of the game I can't wait.   PUZZLES be damned.9\10"
,Recommended,251110,33422092,Posted: 9 July,all,roobitz,"This is a fantastic game. If you're someone who loves to explore and appreciates small details, you won't be disappointed by this game. Everywhere you look, you can see the care and attention to detail that the developers have taken. Exploration is rewarded. The game gives you a lot of freedom to figure things out on your own, but doesn't just drop you in the middle of a game with no backstory either. Some parts are funny, while others are spooky (DON'T OPEN DOOR B2!)I had this game on my wishlist for a long time and I'm glad I took the plunge. With the amount of secrets and hidden details in the game, I know i'll be able to enjoy more than one playthrough of the game. The graphics are really impressive coming from such a small indie studio, and I've only come across one bug so far (got stuck between some crates of beer and had to restart).At the time of this writing, Parts 1 and 2 have been released, with Part 3 at ~85% completion, according to the devs. This game is rapidly becoming one of my favourites, and I'm pumped for the conclusion.The price is a little steep but the sale prices have been very good and make it easy to justify buying."
76561198076882334,Recommended,251110,31088734,Posted: 11 April,all,countryshack,"Love this game! The only parts that sucked, in my opinion, were the timed puzzles. Although few, they distracted from the adventure and thrust you into an arcade game. Most of the puzzles made sense (also a huge plus). A couple of puzzles defied how they would work in the real world so that made solving them much more difficult....if you think logically, that is. All in all I just loved the game and the work that went into it. Can't wait for Part Three to come out. I felt like I was dying at the end of Two just knowing that it was over and I wouldn't be in the INFRA world each night when I was able to play it.-Love This Game-"
,Recommended,251110,20666795,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Not Terri,"Just finished it, I love this game alot.Sometimes the puzzles were hard to understand what you had to do, but taking a step away and coming back to it, then being able to solve the puzzle was very rewarding.The game, in most areas, looked very good, especially the foliage and the tunnels. The glowy lighting was also pleasnt to look at. Wandering around all the abandoned environments was such a unique experience. I think I will play through this again in the near future, just for the atmosphere.The only negatives I have with this game, are (for me) finding frame drops in places with lots of water, sometimes my player would just get stuck in between machinery sequences, and finally,the biggest negative I have with this game, is the fact that Part 2 is not being released tommorow! :)Excellent game!"
,Recommended,251110,35315593,Posted: 29 September,all,Munck,"Crumbling monoliths of concrete and steel. Valves to turn, buttons to push, levers to pull, a city to save. Government negligence and a corporate conspiracy.  A game with a message? Definitely! More importantly, an epic 25-plus hours ode to the Source engine, virtual urban decay, machine puzzles, and having the final word in all of them. No zombies to kill or simulators to walk here—just puzzle after puzzle after puzzle, elevated to new heights by a mind for what matters, a darkly eccentric comic instinct, and the greatest level design to ever grace the [gracefully-ageing] Source engine. Is it without flaws? Of course not! Prerequisite vehicle sequence #1-too-many, a power-hungry portable image-taking gizmo in constant need of fresh batteries, and a listless middle act will have you itching for less, but the pitch-perfect Part 3 of the whole $25 shebang will drag you back in with a vengeance. The perfect companion to the existential dread of urban collapse hitherto conquered by Condemned: Criminal Origins (minus the bloodthirsty hobos), the precarious navigation of hazardous environments of the Half-Lifeian kind (minus the iffy first-person platforming), and the anxiety-inducing quiet and poke-and-prod puzzling of Myst (minus the impossibly oblique leaps of logic), all brought down to surreal earth. Buy it!"
,Recommended,251110,28519303,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,𝔉𝔢𝔫𝔯𝔦𝔰,"This is the true ""Game of the Year 2016"" - No hype needed, the quality speaks for itself."
76561197973366094,Recommended,251110,29859801,Posted: 11 February,all,Skunktaur,"Basically it's Myst if it were set in the real world with puzzles revolving around decrepit city infrastructure, and using a modern free-movement 3D engine. That's good because it's got some interesting puzzle-solving and exploration, and sometimes bad because it can feel arbitrary. (Why can't I climb up on this thing? Because there's a barrel in the way and the designers decree that I shall not be able to move barrels.) You have to do everything one specific way, which can turn into a game of guessing the designers' intent. More than once I've imagined going back to tell the boss, ""I'm not going back down there without a crowbar, a non-awful flashlight, breathing gear, some of those red fuses, and all the keys you can find."" Still, it's pretty interesting.As for the story, I barely know more than you can gather from the voice-over trailer: massive corruption scandal and terrible infrastructure maintenance leading to a city about to collapse. I've read many in-game documents and still can't tell you much more than that, other than that there is a serious hobo problem and a long-term conspiracy theory. One interesting thing here is that there are no supernatural elements (aside from one hidden achievement) despite how much the outdoor parts resemble Skyrim and the indoor parts, Fallout. Just terrible industrial maintenance threatening people's lives... which is scary in its own way.I played for 12.5 hours and just now finished Part 1 of at least 3, so there's a good amount of content for the price."
,Recommended,251110,33943400,Posted: 31 July,all,Sackon,"Edit: Part 3 of 3 has been released, the game is now totally finished.  Part 3 is as amazing and interesting as the previous parts.  Pick it up if you've been waiting for it to be complete first.  Still worth every penny.  Short review about part 3 below.-Review-Honestly, one of the best puzzle adventure games I've played in years.  There is so much to see and find while playing, I never felt once like I was wasting my time by taking the obviously not correct way to go, in fact I felt rewarded most of the time by coming across collectibles and little pieces of lore.The level design is bloody amazing, everything seems to have a purpose and not once did I feel like an area was empty or meaningless.  The entire game feels so connected and gave me a clear sense of progression as I played the game.The graphical design of the game, even though its limited by the source engine, is still beautiful.  Standing on top of a large tower and looking out at the horizon and seeing a sprawling town with individual buildings, trees, planes, cars, people, and more, was just breathtaking.The puzzles for the game are all challenging, but don't fall to the same problems that most adventure games with puzzles seem to have when it comes to logic.  You're always sure what needs to be done to progress and simply need to take some time to understand the problem.While its a puzzle game where you can mostly work at your own pace, there are still moments in the game where you have to act fast and feel real pressure to figure things out, such as a room collapsing on you while you figure out how to get a door open.If you're a fan of puzzle games like the witness, you'll like this game.  If you're a fan of linear style adventure games like Half-Life, you'll like this game.  If you're a fan of games with heavy atmosphere and mystery, you'll like this game.There are also some bugs in the game.  I've found very few, none of which were game breaking for me, but others have experienced some bad ones.  Luckily the devs are very active and communicative with the community and have an active github you can submit bugs too which will be fixed fast.  They are also active on the steam forums.TL;DR, great game, worth full price easily, third episode should be released soon.-Part 3 short review-Part 3 was just released, and introduced some brilliant, and slightly frustrating designs to the game.  If you've played the first 2 parts, then you're probably used to the more enclosed, linear underground areas.  Without going into too much detail, part 3 is a lot more open than the previous parts, which can make figuring out what you're supposed to do a bit more challenging, simply because you have so much more ground to explore to figure things out.Some of the more annoying and frustrating introductions to the game include finding very small parts scattered along a very open area, with numerous paths to take and very little direction given.  You're going to get lost in part 3 a lot.  If you prefer exploration, you'll love part 3.  If you prefer puzzles however, part 3 might leave a little to be desired.Part 3 TL;DR:  Great conclusion to the game, lacking slightly with puzzles, mostly exploration.  Little frustrating at time. Still worth 25$ easily.Don't open B2."
,Recommended,251110,31315878,Posted: 23 April,all,Papa Zev,"Fantastic game.The downsides to this game are the short distances needed to fall to you death. A lesser problem is the constant need for batteries for your only two items: Your camera and your flashlight. Use of these are very simple. Pull out the camera to snap pictures of decayed or damaged infrastructure. You're going to be taking a lot of pictures. The flashlight is exactly that; A flashlight. The batteries you find out of the field and you'll find plenty of them. I never ran out of batteries but it's an odd that the devs decided on this gameplay choice. You either ran out which would suck or you never ran into a problem with battery supply.Another nitpick for me was the slow running speed and the amount of long hallways. This game requires you to back track at times. This was perhaps the most annoying part of the game as I usually don't take the time to smell the flowers.The goodside of this game is that it is an amazing exploration game with tonnes of interactive puzzles and a conspiracy theory developing as you play. The best part, in my opinion, is that all of it is completely skippable. You can leave broken things broken, you aren't actually required to take any pictures and the conspiracy is just a side plot for those who are interested. This gives it a huge amount of replayability in my book. I've played through the game twice and though I think I've seen all that I can, fixed all that I could I'm still going to replay it again.At first the voice acting sounded a little off. The voice actors are non-native speaking and all have a thick Finnish accent but half way through the first part the accent grew on me.It is such a shame that this game hasn't gotten as much attention as it should have. The game has a secret puzzles that expands throughout the whole game and, as far as I've checked, it hasn't even been solved yet (As of 23 April 2017). I am eagerly awaiting the release of part 3."
76561197982011629,Recommended,251110,31544601,Posted: 4 May,all,moonbeat,Played it twice. Very well made. Excelent puzzle and exploration game. Love it.
,Recommended,251110,29549753,Posted: 28 January,all,BORN TO DIE WORLD IS A FUCK,Cranky Scandinavian Civil Engineer with a Death Wish Simulator 2015
,Recommended,251110,23030898,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Akselmo,"One of the better games I've played for long time. Truly an exploration game, without any zombies or other monster bull****. I love it. The game has the eerie athmosphere nearby all times, and you're actually afraid the building itself, not any jumpscares or anything like that.Best part? It's made in Finland and the game seems to be located in Finland, even if it has a non-Finnish city name.So if you want to go through old Finnish industrial complexes without having to fear for zombies, this is an excellent game. The story is also really great!I couldn't stop playing, and almost finished the whole game in one sitting. Not many games have done this to me for long time.Absolutely LOVE it!"
,Recommended,251110,25707211,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,70's pornstar moustache,"Hokay, let's do this.First thing to note: This is a review for part 1 and 2 of Infra, the third part isn't out yet (Though oh how I wish it was.)I played through the initial (part one) release a few months ago. I was delighted! It's surprisingly engaging, as a game, to seek out and take pictures of corruption, damaged INFRAstructure (hurr) and explore the delightful environment on offer. Of course, the delightful part doesn't apply once you get to the nitty gritty of dingy tunnels and life-threatening situations (Of which there are many, and I feel sorry for Mark at this point. Guy needs a pay raise.)What I like about the game:The story. It's surprisingly engaging as you explore, uncover more and more corruption (and it gets worse than a few smudged reports, sure enough) and generally uncover more and more deathtraps in every single corner of the city. The puzzles range in difficulty from common sense to the downright nasty (I had to use guesswork a lot.)In spite of a serious story and scenario of a city crumbling at the foundations, there's also an underlying sense of humour in the scenery itself. Little eastereggs break up the monotony of dreary tunnel after tunnel somewhat well. And on that point, though the game (No doubt at least partially by necessity) involves a lot of tunnels, it still manages to keep them varied. You know you're in a different section from part to part, for example.The atmosphere is pretty good. Hit the nail on the head in some of the more dramatic points, though there's plenty of more normal trudging about too.What's not so hot about the game?Voice acting - Not brilliant, but I found it relatable once I got used to it. The lack of a HUD means that it is kind of essential to have some ques as to how many of those camera batteries you have left, for example.Some of the puzzles aren't terribly intuative - Frustrating at times, especially given the placement of some of the save points (Though you can mitigate it with the manual save, perhaps, so milage may vary)Lone wanderer - Other than the sparse contact with Mark's boss, your only company is Mark. (Er... yourself? I guess?) There's very little sign of other people in part one once you get past the tutorial level. It's an eerie touch in some places, but in others, it just feels out of place.What I think as a result of all this?Infra Part 1 was a solid game in and of itself, a nice length, and even an ending (in the sense of Halo 2 having an ending, anyway?) Well made (aside from the odd glitchy handling of a ladder) and challenging level designs that also provide a way to relax into the setting. Just as things get monotonous, however, the environments change, and as the game picks up pace, it can get stunningly exciting for a game about taking pictures and peering at things in wellies. There's a touch of a dry sense of humour added to it for flavour, too, of course.Part one and part two differ significantly, however, in the number of missions. That said... The entirety of part one feels like a warm up for Part 2, in comparison. The levels get complicated, maze-like and interconnected, with new and ever more frequent dangers to deal with in the underground network of tunnels, all while uncovering corruption far beyond what you might have suspected in part one.I would happily buy the game in it's current state, all consideration aside, if it ended. However, as it's being split into three parts, it inevitably ends on a cliffhanger (again) - Which, considering the third part will be added for free much as the second one was, isn't really so terrible. Though it makes me hunger to finish the job, as it were.I rambled and waffled on and on, so basically... TL;DR: Love this game, more people should experience it."
76561198338938233,Recommended,251110,28495527,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,kennethwessel,"so this game is fantastic if you don't want a shooting game. tremendous scenery, challenging puzzles without driving me too crazy like Obduction did (though i did love Obduction).Cons would include all the photography, which seems kind of pointless other than maybe an achievement. Also, the dark scenes required finding a lot of flashlight batteries, and at times that became annoying, trying to see in the dark when necessary to save flashlight batteries.I was able to complete all but the final chapter with no cheating using walkthroughs, and then the final chapter did me in and i had to use a walkthrough for some hints. When I got to the point in the final chapter where I had to open flood gate #4, i simply could not do it. there was a wired set of switches and 4 lights at the bottom that i was never able to solve, even after checking a walkthrough. in fact, the walkthrough displayed that puzzle with no switches, but with 8 lights at the top, wiring in the middle, then the same 4 lights at the bottom. The flood gates #1 through 4 had red lights above them. Yet in the walkthrough gate #3 did not have a red light. So i searched and searched, went as far backward as i could, but never found a way to turn the light off for gate #3. I'm wondering if i missed something or something went wrong with the game. Luckily i was able to finish the game by finding another route to the electrical generators. That was another thing i appreciated about the game.....there was more than one way to progress if you missed something. i hate when it's game over if every single clue and puzzle must be solved to continue forward. this game didn't have that issue and didn't become frustrating.anyway, fantastic game, worth more than the price. i played 55 hours and at times felt it would never end! i can't imagine anyone not liking this game, unless they need violence with their games. Thank you to the creators of this great game!"
,Recommended,251110,25083719,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pan,"This is the first game I actually liked exploring, for other games i hated long walking, here it's all diffrent. The best thing about INFRA is that the game is ORIGINAL, thing that i really respect in newer games. In short - Best game on best engine"
,Recommended,251110,20638337,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Brewski,"All the other reviews lay out the general pros and cons well, so I just wanted to reiterate one main point with this review.Atmosphere.This game has it... lots of it. INFRA is on par with some of the greats in terms of atmosphere, like S.T.A.L.K.E.R, Metro, Half-Life, Bioshock, old school Silent Hill, or even the more recent Soma. The world is beautifully designed. The detail is incredible, and every building/area seems to be meticulously designed and unique in it's own way. Visually, the game is quite appealing, and impressive for a game running on Source. The environment strikes a nice balance; it is realistic and believable, yet remains imaginative throughout the story.Really, if you took away the poor voice acting and sometimes poorly written notes, you would be left with a game that doesn't look or feel Indie.My main complaint is that it is far too short and ended quite abruptly, though the price reflects that. I very much look forward to the second part."
,Recommended,251110,20567998,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Spookador,"Thought, care, and skill has gone into the construction of this beautiful and unique first-person urban exploration and puzzle game. If exploration and unique environments are up your alley, you'll spend countless hours exploring the expansive levels looking for every bit of detail. The game is also exceptionally beautiful, years of craftsmanship and practice have gone into extracting every inch of beauty possible out of the source engine. The game smacks heavily of Portal 2 in terms of quality and scope, however this game is much less linear and provides a heavy emphasis on expansive environments and exploration.The game is a little rough around the edges sometimes, and the puzzle solutions may get a little obscure from time to time, but I required no external assistance and I'm not exactly a brainiac. The game's developers are also actively correcting and repairing bugs as they are reported on the tracker.The game, although technically incomplete, has given me over 8 hours of gameplay so far, and I'm still not finished. The value is well worth what you'll receive."
,Recommended,251110,20602522,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rolad,"Parts of the game (mechanics and design) are rough. But game is overall satisfying and fascinating, and beautiful to look at.UPDATE: Part 2 is the beginning of the final tie up.  Continues the beauty and challenge of part 1. Definitely further draws you in."
,Recommended,251110,29646198,Posted: 2 February,all,Stone Cold Jane Austen,"You are an engineer ""armed"" with a camera and flashlight, tasked with documenting the crumbling infrastructure in a city with a dying economy, a task that soon transforms into a struggle to escape and survive. The environments are impressively immersive and require little suspension of disbelief, and while the game is linear there are a gratifying number of alternate paths/solutions to many of the puzzles you need to solve to progress.At first the limited batteries for the flashlight and camera annoyed me, but I soon found that if you explore there are more battery packs than you need, and it's understandable as a mechanic to make players think about what they're looking at (rather than just waving the camera over everything and snapping a photo when the focus marks appear).There are a few rough edges and a couple of awkward sequences (the raft in particular was frustrating) but overall it's a solid game that somehow merges the exploration and puzzling of Myst with a run-down industrial environment reminiscent of parts of Portal 2, Half-Life 2 and Black Mesa.At present only two out of the three episodes are complete but even so it's already about 10-15 hours long for a first attempt."
,Recommended,251110,33591919,Posted: 16 July,all,Thunder,"Probably the most relaxing game I've ever played, even though some of the areas are clearly not meant to be.I've been looking fot this kinda slow paced ""urban exploration"" game for the longest time and this is exactly the thing I wanted.Graphics are alright, it's the Source engine so it doesn't look like anything special but unlike a lot of source mods this uses all (or most?) custom high quality assets, so no generic 2006 HL2 crates etc. to be found here, which is good.Sound design on the other hand is fantastic, there's very little music but the ambient industrial sounds and sometimes even complete silence set the mood perfectly.Can't wait for Part 3"
,Recommended,251110,32752413,Posted: 24 June,all,MK3A2,"Visually appealing gorgeous puzzle type game. Challenging puzzles to complete and an eerie backstory to explore. If you're a fan of Portal, this is a must have."
,Recommended,251110,25679930,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pehlivan the Oil Wrestler,"I cannot emphasize just how much I love this game. One of my favorite things to do is go and explore abandoned buildings. The problem with this hobby is that arsonists, drug addicts, partying teens, and vagrants also like to spend time in abandoned buildings. Infra lets me fullfill my hobby without getting stabbed or arrested. Not to mention it tells an intriguing story and has some pretty funny, odd, and occasionally scary easter eggs.(Note, I haven't played part 2 yet)"
76561198153967065,Recommended,251110,29816885,Posted: 9 February,all,franciefix,"One of the best games I've gotten in a long time! The voice acting is great (the main character has a pleasant tone and accent), the controls are elegant, and the music really fits the mood and the scenery of the game. It is very creepy and eerie at some parts, which I love, and the main character even has some funny little lines. There is very believable dialogue. I cant stand when the speaking in a game seems forced or seems like the characters just don't interact with each other how normal people would, so having the lines seem so natural is a huge plus for me. The graphics are very pretty and the flashlight flickers in a really realistic way when it needs new batteries.The drunk bears and dragons are so funny, there's even a chicken dinner!You can even flush things down the toilets in the game, and honestly what more could you want. I've already played almost 15 hours and I have only run through the game once! I can't wait for part 3! This game is so exciting! I'm looking forward to finding out the answers to all the mysteries of the game."
,Recommended,251110,31383272,Posted: 26 April,all,Bomadeno,"Highly recommended! Nearly 16 hours playtime after completing part 2, and I am sure I didn't do everything that was on offer. It's a huge, detailed, intriguing world to explore, full of good puzzles and very few ""what.. the.."" spots. The story is unusual and interesting, and fits into the world. It's lightened up by occasional humor, and quite good humor at that.Without spoilers, sharing to minimise frustration, these things eluded me : you can pick up small boxes, press and hold space to climb up (many things), coffee cans have colored tops but not sides, the metro station code requires more backtracking than expected and bricks are heavy.There are 2 more things that slightly lessen how great the experience was. Firstly, the first part -> second part transition was... weird. I continued in part 2 from somewhere I wasn't in part 1, which was jarring. Secondly, and my biggest issue, was accidentally progressing (yeah!). By that, I mean there are a few places which look like two way doors... but they're one way doors, or one way events. A voice cue could say ""that looks like I won't be able to come back"". This is an issue because sometimes you're trying to do a ""side quest"" and you accidentally progress and the poor side quest is lost (I...think... I wasn't clever enough to find my way back in those cases if it was possible)Looking forward to part 3!"
,Recommended,251110,22204749,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,VeXuSr,"EDIT: I had to edit my review seeing how the old one didn't give the game justice.tl:dr: This game is a 10/10, pick it up right now.I first found out about this game when I watched a video about it on youtube. I picked it up and instantly fell in love with it. The atmosphere, the music, the environment, is all perfect. I love the setting of the game too, exploring a ""broken"" city doesn't sound very interesting but Loiste Interactive somehow managed to make it into a game that I would argue is a direct competitor of Half-Life in terms of story quality and the amount of stuff there is in the game. I also like how they made the game feel creepy without ever having something supernatural happen. It always feels like you're being watched.This game is my favourite game of all time and probably will remain as that until Loiste Interactive release another game.Also, the soundtrack is amazing"
,Recommended,251110,35274962,Posted: 28 September,all,Officer Кawaii Miku,"INFRA was the best game I've played this year. It's everything a puzzle adventure game should be, the graphics are good, the puzzles are challenging and it has an excellent back story. I will likely return to this game to uncover more of the story and to achievement hunt."
76561197991018534,Recommended,251110,24307790,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CoruscantSunset,"This, to me, is exactly what Greenlight is for. This is probably one of the strangest, most unlikely ideas for a game I have ever seen actually work. If you're a fan of anything remotely like Gone Home, Firewatch, Dear Esther, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, etc, etc you'll love this. I think it's a good deal better than all of those, except for Firewatch, which I think is the high-water mark for 'walking sims'.Pros- The world is beautiful. I absolutely love the way everything looks in this game. And the detail is great. It really looks like every, single thing was paid attention to in making this game. Old, neglected rooms feel grimy and worn. Everything is dusty looking and gritty. They actually look like real rooms that haven't been touched in years. And then the newer buildings are bright and clean. Everything shiny. You don't just walk through a world where you feel like the developer just recycled the same things over and over, even when you are in a place where it's essentially the same things over and over; it doesn't feel that way.- The developer's seeming knowledge is impressive. It doesn't feel like a subject he just guessed at. It feels very convincing.- For the most part the puzzles feel logical and real. They're not 'video game puzzles'. A lot of puzzle games, particularly older point-and-click type games suffered from puzzles where you were just trying through trial and error to figure out what the developer wanted you to do and not really applying real-life thought to anything. I haven't had to check a walkthrough yet, even though some of the puzzles can get a little confusing, but I always felt like I could figure them out using the same thought processes I would use in real life.- The sound is amazing in the game. Very immersive.- The game runs fantastically. I haven't had any crashes or glitches or framerate issues or anything. It runs better than a lot of AAA titles while looking just as good as many of them.- The story sounds completely bonkers, but it unfurls in a way that hooks you. I read the description for this and I thought, 'This is not a game. This is walking sims and novelty job sims gone mad,' but decided to chance it based on the other reviews. I'm amazed at how addictive and compelling it is. I would urge anyone who hears, 'You play as a safety inspector,' and thinks that it sounds horrible to give it a shot. You'll be pleasantly surprised, I think.- I LOVE the camera. The fact that it's a real camera that you bring out and use the way you would an actual camera is brilliant. I wanted to snap photos of everything.Cons- The voice acting is a bit of a mixed bag. When there are two or more people talking to each other it comes across as robots talking. Dialogue is stilted and awkward, they're speaking over one another, the repsonses seem out-of-place and devoid of any emotion. Even when people are hearing shocking news they'll say something in a totally flat, bored voice, 'Oh, really? Ok. See you later.'The game actually opens with someone saying, 'Oh hi, Mark,' and I'm legitimately unsure if this is a purposely nod to the horrible acting in the film, The Room, or not.- The only way to access the options menu is from the opening menu before you enter the game. It caused a little minor irritation when I was trying to find how I wanted to play the game early on (hints on or off, subtitles on or off, crosshairs, etc) and I had to save and exit the game anytime I wanted to experiment with any of these.- Actually moving through the world can be a little tedious at times. Your character, Mark, is almost the exact same width as every door, so it's very easy to get stuck just trying to walk around and then you have to jig left and right to get through.- There's no inventory. You can pick up an assortment of labeled keys in the game and there were a few times I picked up some keys and then found a sign that would explain where keys could be found and I would wonder if they were the keys I'd already picked up, but there was no way to check their tags again. Same with batteries. Mark tells you how many packs he has when you pick up more, but if you forget there's no way to check.- I wish that when you picked up some items like wheels and spare parts that they went into your unseen inventory like keys and batteries do so that you wouldn't have to walk around with a giant object floating directly before your eyes.- No map. This just doesn't make real-world sense to me. You find maps scattered everywhere. Why does Mark not collect them to consult later? Or let us check photos that we've taken of these maps. It just doesn't make a lot of sense to me that he would go into these massive labyrinthine places with no guidance at all of where he is or where he's going."
,Recommended,251110,33798553,Posted: 25 July,all,Pengu,"The game was highly detailed. The gameplay was very smooth. It had voice acting which souned like if you were there, wish more games would have this sort of style!"
76561198026283160,Recommended,251110,26672508,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,wimpy,"This game has the perfect balance for me.  As an older gamer I find the pace is set by the player rather than game (although there are a few time based puzzles), but on the whole you get to explore the environments at your leisure and solve a nuber of varied puzzles, some of which can be challenging (at least for me anyway).  The graphics are good without being great, but that doesn't detract from the gameplay.  It's one of the few games I've put in the hours and keep coming back to play again - for someone without much free time that's a big thumbs up.  Content is varied with both indoor and exterior locations usually of an industrial look, it contains enough material for many hours of enjoyment.  Definately worth the asking price.  The developers recently added another part to the game, which came for free.  Recommended."
,Recommended,251110,30940440,Posted: 4 April,all,I warm up on counter blox,Interestig adventure game where you becomes a structural engineer trying to surviving at work . Can't wait for part 3
,Recommended,251110,31083451,Posted: 11 April,all,HighLyfe (xoance),"I have recently finished part 2 of Infra and can say that it has taken top spot on my favorite games list from the short 27 hours i have played it. The aura of the game distiguishes strong horror-like feelings through surreal atmosphere without blatantly disclosing the story to the player. The game can get repetitive and a bit confusing from the many, many complex puzzles it has to offer in order to move on from  area to area; and is very time consuming; however if you love putting investment into puzzle games and are willing to give up long nights awake, this game will do you the trick. Do strongly recommend."
,Recommended,251110,30914004,Posted: 2 April,all,Nine,"Got this one on sale, excellent games if you enjoy Myst, Broken Sword, Hidden object/puzzle games.Just improve that battery life is my only complaint."
,Recommended,251110,20653233,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sebastian Nielsen,"I really love this game. Has a fair amount of puzzles, the puzzles are very nicely integrated both in the storyline and the enviroment, making it quite realistic.Very beutiful enviroments, both overground and underground.Basically a indie game that is better than most commercial games out there.The puzzles are well made, a very few of them are time limited and you have plenty of time to solve the puzzles.A lot of humor in the game too... Some written things in the game make me laugh.Also all the hidden secret areas makes the replay value higher.I love the sheer amount of puzzles in this game, and all the thinking. All this tinkering with valves, alarm panels, keys & locks, keycards, fuses, buttons, electrical panels, control rooms, computer panels, flood doors and much more, and everything has a logical solution too.Solving clues, fixing broken equipment, restoring utilies and hunting for codes and access cards to progress is way more fun than boring fighting enemies.If you played the Research and Development mod for HL2 and loved it, you will especially love this game to the maximum.Forget boring Doom 4. Buy this instead. Much more fun.You should really buy this game. You will love it. Because everyone loves first person puzzling from the very beginning.Why this should win the Steam prize: Because this game is so well made. The only thing that lacks, that would make this game on Steam's first page, is the advertising."
,Recommended,251110,22305143,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,maikmayo™,Really good game. I can just recommend to spend 15$ on this
,Recommended,251110,20647309,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,phiz,"If you have an interest in urban exploration or have ever wondered what's behind those locked gates, inside those buildings full of blinkenlight panels and machinery that keep a city running, here is your chance to find out, and push some of the buttons along the way.Visually gorgeous and dripping with atmosphere, INFRA is a solitary exploration / environmental puzzle game. A highly unique and enjoyable experience that really tickled the right spot for me with its attention to detail and atmosphere.Some puzzles seem to be avoidable or optional and the reason for using the camera is not well explained. Several times I questioned my mental map of things to do, thinking about those locked doors or unpushed buttons that I'd promised to return to, then somehow managing to progress to the next section unable to return, wondering if I had maybe cheated the game. Perhaps this is an intentional design choice, I feel that the multiple paths and player choice elements could've been made clearer to avoid anxiety about fully exploring before moving on. Some kind of labelling/inventory system for keys/doors might've helped in that regard.Voice acting is cheesily bad but thankfully sparse, and I did encounter some bugs (graphical glitches, had to reload saves to progress, achievements only earned if online in Steam).Wishing the best success for Loiste Interactive and looking forward to Part 2 and any future projects."
,Recommended,251110,24637496,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,McCovican,"This game really scratched an itch for an urban-exploration type game (as opposed to the plethora of wilderness-wanderers), with some still surprisingly beautiful visuals from Source. It features hyper-modern settings, some outdoors sections, a whole host of crumbling water-tunnels, and some of my favourite decaying modern-architecture, reclaimed in part by nature. It has a dusting of problem-solving to keep you going, which is mostly to either compliment or further the exploration."
76561197971006717,Recommended,251110,22996148,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mrbribon31,"If you like exploration or puzzle games you have to buy this one.Pros:-Excellent music (In my opinion)-It doesn't have the best graphics but they look awesome.-The athmosphere is great, it's complemented by the graphics and it's my favorite part of the game.-The puzzles are ok, they are not very hard, and not very easy. Some of them are a bit boring, you have to search for a key or a fuse, so it gets boring after you spend 10 minutes searching for it.-The story it's a good one. It's separated in three (3) chapters. It's pretty much straight forwards, BUT if you pay close attention you'll realize why everything is the way it is, and soon you'll see that there's a big conspiracy behind everything.-The maps are great, they match the athmosphere perfectly.-The developers are active with the game and help the community all the time in the forums. If someone is stuck they tell  that person clues to find the solution to a puzzle. If someone finds a bug. The developers fix it in the next update and the tell to that person a command to input and skip the section, so the player can continue playing. This should be and example of how to be a good developer team.Cons:-Voice acting, This is between con and pro, because it's, well... It does it's job. It sounds a bit forced but I ended up liking it.------------------------------------------------------------------------Having finished the game already, it definetly was worth my money, I really loved the part 3. But that's because I am studying to work in these kinds of places, so it hits my spot. I'd say the length is 12-14 hours. Maybe 9 if you speed run it. I love the details of the game and I finished it 4 times just to take a look at the details.You'll realize the developers pay a lot of attention to details.With a conspiracy that big, it's hard to fit the puzzle pieces without looking at the big picture.This is definetly my kind of game. I wish I'd see more games like this."
,Recommended,251110,35177919,Posted: 24 September,all,debilosaurus,"full of atmosphere, no violence, black humor ... i am looking forward to the 3rd part."
,Recommended,251110,20596276,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,drace,"stole a car , ran over 10 peoplethen came home and played infra ."
76561198000075506,Recommended,251110,24130316,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,yamaha,"Just finished this game, and it was awesome! Environments were great, wide and interesting. The game had a lot to explore, many funny little details. I tried to explore everywhere, but it often had so many places to go at once, and you didn't know where you were supposed to go at first, so sometimes you ended up going somewhere that takes the story forward and you weren't able to go back, so some places were left behind. The puzzles seemed pretty simple at first, but they got a bit more tricky as the game went on, so towards the end I actually needed to use some brains :D The puzzles started also to get a little monotonous though. And the choice for player's voice actor was interesting...All in all, I enjoyed this game very much, would certainly recommend it. Now waiting for Part 2! :)"
,Recommended,251110,24610754,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"This is incredible! There's such attention to detail, and opportunities to explore that are actually rewarded. The first 90 minutes is a series of exploration sections that I'm going to have to revisit because there were just so many paths I missed. It later gets a bit more directed as the story develops, but the environments continue to have a jaw-dropping level of detail. I don't think I found a single dead end - every side path seems to lead to something interesting, even if it's not what you're looking for.The office building section at the start may seem a bit slow. It does a good job of showing you that there are many paths to explore and lots of little nooks to investigate, but you may need to speed-run it if you're getting impatient. Just remember that it's only about 15 minutes long and then you get to the exploration section that makes INFRA really shine."
76561198011965538,Recommended,251110,25349990,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,TJ,"I'm so impressed with this game. Faschinating environments, fun exploring and elegant puzzles."
76561197970742992,Recommended,251110,35261660,Posted: 28 September,all,wololo,"One of the best walking simulator i've played""a walking simulator? in modern day? no horror? that's exactly what i'am looking for!""I love puzzle and exploration (myst, the witness, etc), but nowadays 70% this kind of game is horror based, so the setting of this game alone is already a big plus for me.Strong point:-modern day realism.no horror or fantasy element at all, everything is based on modern this day stuff. (there is 1 horror/spooky aspect in the game but it's just an easter egg from the dev so you can completely skip it)-setting and atmosphere is great.the graphic is not nextgen quality, but still more than enough to make you enjoy the  surrounding scenery- puzzle difficulty is manageable. it start easy and gradually increase it's difficulty and complexity but still enjoyable throughout the game, i played until part 2 and only need guide in 4 specific puzzle-semi open.one great thing about this game is that the game will often put you on the spot with a lot of pathway which you can  explore at your own leisure. its not open world but its not ""corridor"" exploring either, the game somehow give you a ""false feeling"" of freedom to explore, but at the same time still manage to ""guide"" you as to where to go next.-sense of exploring.another thing that i like from this game is that you actually explore the building and the surounding area, there is no 'stage clear"" or you end up to totally different area in abrupt way. you start from A and slowly progressing to B and C and so forth, it feel serene and very zen like sometimes.things that people might hate:-music.there is almost no music in this game, even if it's there it's mostly ambient sound.-missable stuff.because the amount of path you can explore, you will miss a lot of thing  like document, letter, object to photo, etc, some of this stuff is lock behind puzzle and well hidden, the game really demand you to explore every nook and cranny if you want to get everything.-no indicator.aside from highlighting stuff you can pick up or interact, there is nothing else. the game give you no waypoint, no objective marker, no inventory, not even a hud, what you see is what you get.-clunky movement.you move slow even when you run, also jumping and climbing is very stiff which is bad considering this game is all about exploring.-cheap death.you will die quite a lot in this game, and half of it usually from your own stupidity (the rest is because you are not sure of what to do and out of time), thankfully the game give you save/load anywhere and everywhere.one small nitpick:emptiness.aside from very early in the game, you will meet no one else, you will occasionally speak on your phone but thats about it. in a fantasy or horror game this is natural, but in this game it feels weird.some of the place you go has obvious sign of someone living there but you always encounter no one, its understandable if you are in uncommon place like abandon building, sewer, underground tunnel and such. but even when you are in the middle of city, there is no living on sight not even a cat or dog despite i'am at the part of city surrounded by homes and apartments but, nope not even a soul.aside from that, the game is great and i hope the dev can make more quality games in the future =)"
76561197971232634,Recommended,251110,20920478,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,*****,Quite a different game. Beautiful scenery. Makes you want to stop and admire the place instead of the usual blast-through. The batteries die quite soon in Stalburg..
76561197968926783,Recommended,251110,27894187,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AlienRyes,"I absolutely love this game. This appeals to the spelunker in me. Getting to wander around spooky, abandoned tunnels, solving problems is heaven. I can't wait for part 3!"
76561198019572384,Recommended,251110,21915866,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"I have a love/hate relationship with this.I love the whole idea, and the general flow/mechanics of most of it...but so help me god, the timed sequences are the most rage-inducing ♥♥♥♥ I've had in a video game since the 80's. If they have to stay, every single one of those timers needs to be longer.It's like taking a nice walk, and every 20 minutes somebody runs up and punches you in the face. Really breaks the flow.Like I said initially, I really like it overall, but there were a couple times I almost threw my controller across the room.Defnitely a recommend for me, although I seriously hope they tweak those timers."
,Recommended,251110,27833417,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boybawang,"A strange concept for a game, but very well executed. The scenery is fantastic, and it's relaxing to stroll through decrepit industrial environment, taking pictures of broken infrastructure. The story seems well planned out, too - you might have to play this game twice to start really taking it in! There's a lot to discover, and exploration is rewarded. If you want a game about urban exploration, this one's for you."
76561198248026718,Recommended,251110,30863441,Posted: 31 March,all,skypenamemeno,"Perfect, Super Extra Overhelmlingly positive.I am Urbexer and this game is a universe of pleasure !...and than, one huge bonus: The PUZZLES !!Just one thing,the building in first mission was so nice, that I want to go back to the office ;))"
,Recommended,251110,22187141,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,argoon,"Pros>Fantastic Level Design one of the best on Source.Puzzles are logic and more or less easy to solvethe developers are very active on the forums and fast to help.Cons>Not much to do but walk around solving puzzles, there's some parts with ""action"" but are far and between, but atlest you do more then you do in Dear Esther.The voice acting...NPC's look strange, fortunately you only see them at the start, then is just devoid of people.The photografic camera is just useless, you take a picture the character says a line and the picture is lost forever. Unlike Overlast camera that really helped and was really part of the gameplay, the one on this game is just a gimic.Some machine sounds can cause physical disconfort, can't explain why, but they did to me, you can also turn on a alarm and just be unable to disable it afterwords, imagine trying to solve a puzzle as a really loud and anoying alarm is screaming.Do i recomend this game? Yes, there's problems but theres also plenty of potential from this guys, they just need to work a litle more on the gameplay, because on world making/level design they are up there with the best,"
76561198010112719,Recommended,251110,25048286,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr. Eff,"The closest thing I've seen to an urban exploration game. It's a charming journey through abandoned buildings with some mild puzzling and platforming with plenty of easter eggs and terrible voice acting.GAMEPLAY: WASD controls with sprint and crouch, plus a flashlight for dark areas. You will walk, sprint, and jump through debris, avoiding various obstacles that a building in disrepair will throw at you. There's some mild physics puzzling here in the form of picking up objects and being able to carry/throw them around. This is used pretty sparsely, only being necessary for a few puzzles, and thus comes off as a bit of an afterthought or because it's a trend. The puzzles aren't overly difficult, but aren't pushovers either - they're a nice mix of nudging the player in the right direction and having them pay attention to the environment.The most unique feature of this game is the photography mechanic. The player, due to the protagonist's background (more later) must take pictures of structural deficiencies in the areas explored. I haven't seen a mechanic like this before, and I quite enjoyed it - it provides an objective without combat, and encourages the player to explore the environment with great attention to detail. The only issue is it seems somewhat arbitrarily selective with what can be photographed. I won't say here what to look out for - part of the fun is figuring it out for yourself - but there were many times where something looked very much broken to me, yet didn't register with the game. Regardless, it's fun, and isn't necessary for completing the game - it almost serves as a bit of role play, and a collection challenge.Another great feature of the game are the collectibles. They encourage exploration off the beaten path, and I had a feeling of accomplishment at having found them. Moreover, they're related to the overall narrative, which gives the player a better understanding of the events in the game. One particular easter egg, relating to a hidden stash of beer, had me grinning from ear to ear. You can tell the developers had a lot of fun thinking up and implementing these secrets, which I appreciate immensely.There are also plenty of optional notes and audio recordings that can be discovered which flesh out the backstory.VISUALS: This is the highlight of the game for me, as it looks beautiful. Though you're primarily wandering abandoned areas, there are lots of objects strewn about, readable signs, etc. Some of the foliage looks a little bit on the 2D side of things and some of the character models a bit robotic, but it's not immersion breaking for the most part and doesn't really stick out. Some of the best parts of this game for me are taking in the spectacle of exiting a building and stepping into a huge open space overgrown with vegetation, having been reclaimed by nature.AUDIO: This game is mostly on the quiet side of things, given that it's about one man traversing abandoned buildings. What audio there is fits well - chirping birds, gusts of wind, maybe a distant car in some areas. But the voice acting - good lord, the voice acting. Some of the secondary characters are acted decently enough, but the protagonist sounds like Tommy Wiseau in a PS1 Resident Evil game. It can be somewhat jarring, as it's laughably bad at times and you may find yourself wondering what on Earth his accent is supposed to be. In addition, he insists on narrating little things, like announcing ""I have [X number] packs of batteries for the flashlight!"" when you pick some up. However, the game has a slightly humourous tone, so it almost works in a Deadly Premonition kind of way. In any case, it doesn't wreck the experience, but it certainly takes away from any seriousness the game wants to have. During the sections where the protagonist interacts with other characters, there's some light banter that can be fun to listen to and helps flesh out the experience.STORY: You play as an engineer for a consulting firm, sent to evaluate the structural integrity of a building complex (hence the photography mechanic mentioned earlier). While exploring the complex, you can discover - completely optionally, from what I recall - the reasons why the facility shut down and about the people who used to run the facility. The story isn't groundbreaking, but I wasn't expecting this level of depth to the narrative, so it was a nice surprise to uncover it (especially in the form of easter eggs). It invites the player to piece together various clues that's up the them to find, so it doesn't hold your hand, and is satisfying to make the various connections.Overall, I'd recommend this game for players looking for a slower, more relaxed experience. The pleasure of this game comes not so much from challenge, nor a heartwrenching story, but from quietly traversing long-forgotten places on your own and uncovering their secrets. I enjoyed my time with INFRA, and look forward to its hinted sequel."
,Recommended,251110,35488715,Posted: 5 October,all,VI -nsanity,"This is a serious little jewel of a game. If you like exploration, and long rewarding gameplay I very seriously urge you to check this one out. Despite how there are some dark, even mild tension inducing parts in the game it's overall a very relaxing, chill experience. This isn't one to be rushed! The game is very long - and even so it manages to keep the player interested and immersed. I found no part boring myself. There are some minor, vexing inconveniences; such as the terribly energy hungry camera and flashlight. But to be fair there are plenty of batteries really, and managing them isn't terribly challenging. Some bugs here and there; that is an unfortunate little downside to this game. Nothing that can't be managed though.There is a very well spun, even a somewhat complex story and plot in the game; but there are also plenty of hidden easter eggs and strategically sprinkled bits of humour to keep it from becoming too serious. I'm a bit conflicted on weather one can call it a walking simulator. On some ways I suppose the term can be partially accurate here - but keep in mind there are plenty of puzzles and exploration to keep you more active than your usual ""walking simulator"" would. At least in my humble opinion.If one is a fan of a chill, exploration experience, I seriously urge you to check this little gem out. Even more so if you happen to Finnish like myself; there are plenty of little jokes us Finns will definitely notice and apperciate. (there are even a couple of references to Kummeli; I won't spoil and say what and where they are but they made me laugh when I found them!)Finally I'd like to just praise the environments. They are absolutely beautiful, even if you find yourself inside a crumbling, rusty decrepit damn or outside in the more foresty, shiny areas. Rust or lush greenery, it's all wonderfully created. I have nothing but respect and love for the devs here!I DEMAND MOAR.All in all: Great, fun, long rewarding gameplay, wonderful silly little easter eggs (especially if you're a Finn), enjoyable puzzles and hell, it's just great fun. You also feel sympathy for the poor player character. Really isn't having a very good day :PPlease consider buying this if you like long, rewarding exploration games."
,Recommended,251110,21991703,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Budget Bender,DAM this game is good!
,Recommended,251110,29621197,Posted: 31 January,all,WhiteKindling,"Infra feels like an alternate introduction to Half-Life in which the aliens never show up. This game is unique, having you take control of an investigator looking into structural damage to infrastructure and its long term effects. Gameplay takes the form of slow exploration, photography, and basic puzzle solving. Characterization is minimal, and while there's a backstory about corruption and murder, the game really feels like a day in the life experience, and offers 2-3 hours of sedate gameplay. Part 2 is meant to come soon."
,Recommended,251110,30885471,Posted: 1 April,all,jonasxd360,"I really like this game and I hope the developers contionue working on next parts. The only thing that could be improved are the graphics, I hope that the developers will use another engine, like unreal 4 for their next games. I like the challenging puzzels in this game. I recommend this game for everyone who likes puzzels with a big story and nice enviroments. Well done!"
76561198022079333,Recommended,251110,24400199,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Geo,One word: Fantastic:9 wods: The best game I played in the last 5 yearsI love Infra - it's fantastic - I can't wait for Part 2 (even if it would go on sale for full price I would buy it in a heartbeat). This game is great. I am Software Engineer by trade and it's right up my alley. Enough thinking 'out of the box' to move forward - while logic still prevails... Great graphics and challenges - I enjoyed every minute and when part 2 comes out I will start from the beginning to hone my skills again...Thank you
76561197989275370,Recommended,251110,35387370,Posted: 1 October,all,jonno222,"this game is beautiful, this game is deep. no 'pew pew' and it doesn't need it. this game draws you in.. the puzzles are not counter intuitive.. the story rolls and is great!! this one of the best games i have ever played."
76561197975033378,Recommended,251110,24373106,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Steve,"INFRA is ""UrbEx: The Game"", which is a good thing if you're a fan of urbex. My best description of the genre is a first-person puzzle platformer. The game looks great and I was super invested in the story and the fate of Stalberg. The ending was kind of a letdown, but then I found out that this was only Part 1. I need a Part 2!"
,Recommended,251110,21011550,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,z0,Outstanding game. Highly immersive exploration with some puzzles. 10/10
,Recommended,251110,27887595,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chaz,"I have never enjoyed the scenery of a game before.The controls and gameplay are very simple, however this dosent make the game any less fun to explore.If you enjoy exploring abondoned structures and enjoy inspecting the surroundings then this game is for you."
76561198083880494,Recommended,251110,22060122,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,snakestail,"Took about 14 hours to complete, at first I thought it was broken but the black load screens just seem to take ages and the white load circle doesn't move. Once i got passed that and into the game it looked crisp and well drawn, the voice actors are pretty bad but you don't get much after the first office section. A few phone calls to your boss and the funny ""That's XX packs of batteries for the camera/torch""There are enough batteries to fuel both the camera and the torch but it's often hard to know what to photograph, documents and clearly damaged areas but some things I snapped seemed to make no difference. Similarly some things I did in the game had no real purpose.The game progressed nicely through woodland, into a dam then a logging factory then into a tunnel system. I rode an underground river on a raft that would capsize if it even brushed the rocky sides, that took a few tries to complete, mainly because I am an incompetant mariner :)A few scary moments like the roof collapsing and the fire in a later level but nothing too dramatic unless you are claustrophobic or like me, scared of heights. The tower section of the old steelworks was scarilly high and my bottom was twitching as I stumbled up the rickety iron steps with wind turbines alongside me and the ground a long way down. The view of the city though was astonishing from up there and talking about the steelworks, It was huge! The scope of the buildings is very believable, you really feel like you are inside an old factory.The ending was slightly disappointing because it just stopped and the credits rolled but then it said, continued in Infra 2 so...have to wait to continue but will definately buy it."
,Recommended,251110,25320579,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Equinity,"Played both parts (Part 1 and 2) and absolutely loved it! Wait, no. As much as I love it, I've had a love-hate relationship. I love beeing able to walk around doing maintenance and so on. I love seeing the underbelly of a city and all that comes with it.But as I said, I've had a love-hate relationship. I do not like the fact that there is alot of backtracking in the game. (This does not necessary mean this goes for all players, I might just be a little bit thick). Neither do I like some of the unrealistic things, such as the batterylife in the flashlight and camera.For me, this is the game that I've been searching for and looking for so long. I was so unbelievable happy when I saw this in Steam Greenlight.From me to you: Buy this game if you love this type of game.I cannot express in words how much I love this game and I can't wait for the next parts.ps: read other reviews aswell"
,Recommended,251110,26631380,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Eskalion,It's an awesome gamei can only reccomend it
,Recommended,251110,22108003,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,PoFro,"This game is a great piece of art overall. There are good visuals, good story, and good puzzles to be solved. Infra is one of those games that really makes you think, and it sticks with you. Maybe it's just my sweet spot for the source engine, but I still think this game deserves a chance in everyone's library(Unless, of course, you are one of those adrenaline junkies that can only get off to shooters)."
,Recommended,251110,24644322,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hoodini,"One of the best exploration games I've played in the recent years.At the time of writing this review there is one section which suffers of quite major performance issues and drags the overall experience down quite a bit.It features some light environment puzzles which are engaging but are usually clear and understandable.I've had a ton of fun with all the small hidden messages and texts, references and the genuintely interesting environment on which the developers were able to draw additional focus through the foto mechanic.If you liked ""The vanishing of ethan carter"" or ""Firewatch"" I'd highly recommend taking a look at this game."
,Recommended,251110,24609667,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Happy Hermit,"Enjoyed this game and learned a little about hydro power generation and water treatment along the way!Nice mixture of puzzles and they introduce new types thoughout the game, although some got a bit repeatative near the end. I would like to see more time critical puzzles during collapses - i found these the most challenging. Actually found some bits funny (ie office politics at start and 'bundy-off' attitude in worker notes).  I did find that the game crashed for me at several points running Win 10, however i just restarted the game and picked up pretty much where i left off.Have my 'office survival guide' and hard hat ready for Part 2"
,Recommended,251110,33543721,Posted: 14 July,all,Dark Savant,"I got through this game twice now and waiting for the third part. It's quite similar to walking simulators only a bit more challenging since you can die. The graphics are good (i think it's the source engine from Half Life 2) story is a bit mysterious and long. You are an engineer who has to investigate the power problems in the city of Stalburg - soon you find out there's more to the story than just broken equipment...The game itself is well designed and a lot of patches came out so most if not all bugs are solved.Positives:- Graphics are a bit outdated but don't require a high end PC to run;- There's a lot of hidden places to discover which enrich the story;- Areas of the game are varied as well as some puzzles you have to solve to progress (easy to moderate in difficulty);- The developers keep updating the game and a third chapter is on it's way (this year as far as i know);- It has achievements and cards;- You can save and quicksave manually - it also autosaves often so no 20 minute backtracking if you die.Negatives:- I bought the game on sale (sth around 8 Euro) - the game is good but not that good for 22,99eu - well maybe 12-13 at most;- There is one puzzle where you have to steer an object and it's frustrating due to poor controls, maybe someone will add an autopilot option (Pretty Please?);- It's a bit slow to start which may annoy some people but gets better with time;- Some achievements are quite difficult to unlock and they supposedly influence the ending (they require either a quick hand or very good eye for detail);- Sometimes movement is a bit, well...clumsy;- Sometimes the patches take some time but they do fix stuff;-You need power for flashlight and camera - you find batteries all over but the power runs out too quickly which requires some planning - which is good but may be annoying for some people especially during first walkthrough.SummaryDespite some flaws it's a good and well designed game and i have no problem with playing it again especially when a friend drops by (four eyes better than two you know). The story is good and long (longer if you're the investigative type). Music is ok but i didn't buy the soundtrack (maybe on a sale). It's definitely one of the better walking (action) simulators out there - the engineer sections seem quite faithful to real life (though i'm not an engineer), there is a lot of nice nature areas as well as abandoned buildings to investigate. I definitely recommend this game but watch gameplay on the net just in case - you can refund games on steam now but the below two hours gameplay may not be enough since the start is a bit slow. Thank You for reading and hope you enjoy this game:)"
76561197982403017,Recommended,251110,26364407,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Satsujin Jiken,Walking sim and puzzles with plenty of atmosphere and beautiful scenery. And if you dig deep enough you will find some pretty obscure stuff that will make you pour hours and hours into investigating.
76561197987539375,Recommended,251110,30223759,Posted: 27 February,all,bioxid.be,"Very nice exploration games, with an interresting story.it makes me think a bit about a half life without monsters or guns."
,Recommended,251110,35429836,Posted: 2 October,all,Paulisdead18,"I highly reccommend this game, for its insane attention to detail, mesmerizing soundtrack, breathtaking visuals (in the Source engine, too!), and impressive scale.The puzzles are fun (and sometimes very difficult, but in a good, chalenging way), there's a lot to see and explore, multiple paths and solutions along the way that affect later events and endings. It's truly an amazing experience to play through, and I feel it's something anyone interested in something fresh and new should play."
76561198132286296,Recommended,251110,35474549,Posted: 4 October,all,the tree sniper of suijin,"INFRA is easily one of my favourite games of all time, it's got tricky puzzle elements, large and expansive environments, and an interesting and compelling story.  Though my total play time on this game might not be much, I seriously recommend this to you if you love puzzles. As someone who bought this soon after it appeared on Steam, even through its flaws I consider it to be an incredible game."
76561197986493477,Recommended,251110,35400471,Posted: 1 October,all,cwsumner,"A different game. Puzzles and exploring. Puzzles are more realistic and not just arbitrary, plausably hard but not too close to impossible. They make sense enough to figure out, I am enjoying it a lot."
,Recommended,251110,20618306,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Run,"Here's my running monologue while playing this game.......God I hate this, why can't I make these machines all work...This game is so badly designed, the level challenges don't make sense(quit game)...Okay, what if turned this machine on, and this other one off. Maybe its a language issue? Yep (continue to play).........(4 hours pass)Wow, This place is hugeOn the one hand, this game has some terrible character models. weak voice acting,  long loading times, sometimes obscure puzzles, horrible dramatic build, and bugs galore (though the audio one was just fixed)And yet... I love running around giant structures, turning things on, trying to understand how it works, exploring. The devs love complex machines, and their love shows in some moments of truly epic scope and scale. They clearly want this game to be one gigantic machine that you can tinker with along the way, and I'm very much enjoying the vision. Just try to plug your ears as you wade through the ""Office Worker Simulator 2016"" intro sequence. Once all of the people are gone, it really draws you in.TLDR: A flawed game, but if you like exploring, and trying to fix things, then Infra will probably get its hooks into you."
76561198123902778,Recommended,251110,20709968,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,RegieLad,"INFRA is interesting. I went in thinking it'd be like Myst in terms of puzzles, and I was right for the most part. I also spent a lot of the game wondering where my character's accent was from. Overall, I enjoyed the game. It had a very high attention to detail and the world was a believable one. Several puzzles were real thinkers, where it'd take me quite a while of running around trying doors and switches until it came together. My complaints of the game are that about half of the time I was playing, I was wondering, ""What the hell do I do now?"" Backtracking wasn't a huge issue, but in some of the more open levels I'd throw a switch and then run around trying to find out what changed. I also noticed several spelling and grammatical errors in letters and newspapers, which are often difficult to read because it's so small.Overall, I'd give it a thumbs up. It's worth a try."
,Recommended,251110,20714931,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Toikka,"A thoroughly enjoyable, beautiful exploration game with plenty of great ideas only lacking in polish and general quality assurance. Some of the puzzles throughout the game are brilliant, but others are really not that good (I'm looking at you, raft section and all the elecrified floor jumpathons). I like the scandinavian aesthetic as I am a Finn myself (really brought me back to my heydays in Kontula with the above ground segments) and I really loved the nature segments as well.Above all, the game really needs some solid hints. I got through most of the game without a hitch, but some solutions are not so obvious and could use for example the player's voice to guide through them. I think there should be a prelude ""routine infrastructure case"" before coming to the office, a small tutorial course where you need to photograph, flashlight and get used to the mazelike urbex gameplay of INFRA. The game could really use one where you learn some not-so-obvious things like stacking crates and such. I really loved the office, but only in hindsight as it's a bit too good at showcasing the gameplay elements...it's just too much too fast and might scare more casual players away.I gotta hand it to you Oskutin & friends, the level design is phenomenal. There are some really amazing vistas and you managed to squeeze everything out of Source. I loved the blast furnace tower. I really really loved the little landscapes near the dam and the little suburban canal section. Top marks on the hacker den too - that place was fun as hell to go through. The waterfalls, the dam, everything is so peaceful, serene yet manage to get the atmospheric 'spooky' factor to the max.The unpolishness is making this a bit of a tough sell. There's a LOT of spelling errors, confusing sentences and overall weirdness going about. In my playthrough, none of the audiologs worked so I didn't get much out of the storyline. I'll play it through again when part 2 is out (lovely cliffhanger by the way). You really need someone to fix those quirks in text and script when you get around finishing the entire experience.There are also quite a few bugs. Physics glitches, sound issues and such were thankfully quite fast patched, but there are some lingering issues that almost all pertain to the engine itself. There's a crane that can detach its load in late chapter 5 that can kill your playthrough unless you reload a checkpoint, if you do things in wrong order with a certain forklift. There's some inconsistencies in level design where that cool area you found might not go anywhere at all. There's the infuriating pixel-perfect-or-you're-dead raft section that makes me want to skewer the one who okay'd that through QA. I hope these gets fixed after part 2 is out, since these really destroy the immersion and experience.And boy, what an experience it is. I'm almost inclined to go romping around abandoned factories and facilities in real life after having so much fun exploring these urban ruins. The camera mechanic is genius, if only you'd give more batteries to play around with. The puzzles are creative and the nice crisis scenes you get from time to time are well thought out and executed. A phenomenal title focused solely on urbex and puzzling, beautifully laid out in an urban yet natural scandinavian wonderland. Few more spit shine polish elements and I'd give this a solid 10/10, but I'll have to go with 8/10, with one point out for repeated 'electrified water' and 'stack the boxes' gags and the second one for unpolishness and the infuriating raft section. Did I mention how I hated that part yet? Seriously, it is beyond terrible.Overall, 8/10, would heavily recommend. Hyvää työtä Suomen pojat! :D"
,Recommended,251110,23268680,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ashmind,"Good game. Might be too passive for some, but to me it managed to capture the beauty of abandoned places."
,Recommended,251110,30230644,Posted: 27 February,all,zzymyn,Cool exploration game with some atmospheric environments.
,Recommended,251110,35318503,Posted: 29 September,all,coconut,"I was expecting this game to be over in 4 hours, it lasted 40 instead.Immersive and thoroughly detailed level design, puzzles which (most of the time) make sense, rich story with many disoverable pieces of lore.It's like an urbex simulator, without the part where you stupidly injure yourself and die or, worse, get arrested."
,Recommended,251110,20600397,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,pigmich,"The game concept is great, but I hope the developer can do some improvement, such as in game option menu (I don't know why I cannot find this ""BASIC"" function in this game), and quick save/ load shotcut key"
76561198002912979,Recommended,251110,21066190,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JMAN310,"Awesome graphics and great storyline. Pretty relatable to what could happen in real life. I like it because it's not really like other puzzle games. Sure it has come of the classic, overused puzzles in the game in order to say, progress through a door, but that's not really the main feature of the games. It's ingeniously interwoven in amungst an even bigger puzzle, which revolves around the under maintained facilities and what led to them being the way they are. It gives you a more indepth look at what happens beyond our day to day lives, and why things like taxes, abeit everyone hates them, are needed. Great lesson in the end. Can't wait for the second episode!"
,Recommended,251110,24032117,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,michaelda9971,"this is my New favorite game its tied right up there with metro. if you like grttty, industral or abandoned envermemts this game is for you!"
,Recommended,251110,20608270,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ceduic,"It's like Project Zero games, but instead of ghosts you fight against bad maintenance.Well worth the money, but has some minor annoyances.EDIT: Developer has been fixing & adjusting stuff really quickly. Keep up the great workTo developer: consider altering the camera mechanics, either:Add a quick tutorial to explain how you should only take pictures when the camera gets auto-focus or...Increase the amount of pictures you can take before battery runs outIt's extremely frustrating when you run out of battery in the first levels, especially since the limit feels so artificial."
,Recommended,251110,26074397,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,B-Man,"Loved it, really makes you think,"
,Recommended,251110,20588612,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Bastwood,"I think ""environmental puzzler"" best describes Infra. As a structural analyst, you venture deep into the infrastructure of a city, gradually making your way through various factories, tunnels and facilities. Traversal problems are the main meat of the game - You need to figure out, repair and operate decrepit machinery to progress, pushing and turning dozens of buttons and valves.Some of the contraptions are rather complex, and combined with the fact that the levels in the game can get quite expansive, patience and perception are required. Be prepared to run around in circles every once in a while, since the game isn't in the habit of holding your hand at all.Other than your wits, nothing much else is required. There's absolutely no shooting or enemies of any kind, but you can easily die to a multitude of enrivonmental hazards. There are some sections that require precision jumping and swift actions, but they are relatively far and between. For the most part, you can take as long as you want to explore.Some of the industrial levels are quite good-looking especially considering that the game is running on Source, but Infra definitely doesn't put its best foot forward and the game begins by bombarding the player with some extremely dubious character models and seriously weak voice acting. Fortunately these are the only attempts at human interaction you'll have to endure during the playthrough, and things quickly get into the groove once you're alone in the rural areas.I was pleasanly suprised by the length of the game and the toughness of the puzzles - Infra took me nearly ten hours, which is a lot considering the low price of the game. You'll have to look past a lot of rough edges though; The game crashed on multiple occasions, and I even had to momentarily swap into windowed mode to get past a particularly nasty level-loading crash. More than that, there are a few map glitches that forced me to revert to a previous checkpoint because I got hopelessly stuck. Oh, and the achievements seem to work very sporadically.Anyhow, despite of its shortcomings, I enjoyed my time with Infra a lot. The environments of the game tell a way better story than the various memos sprinkled around, and there's a promise of Part Two coming in the future. I'll play that one as well for sure."
,Recommended,251110,20596858,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,EvaEevee,"The first game where you are a Structural Analyst put into the middle of danger from collapsing tunnels, random fires and even water. The goal is to take pictures of everything broken, the game doesn't have a true ending yet but Part 2 should be the final half if not a Part 3.I suggest this game right away if you are patient enough to wait through bug fixes and whatnot till Part 2 comes out, but I also suggest this game for those impatient, but they can buy when the entire game is out with Part 2 as the free update. And the soundtrack is seperate from the game so if someone doesn't want to bother with the game, they can purchase the soundtrack."
76561198083616803,Recommended,251110,29132826,Posted: 8 January,all,Live Your Life 2 da fullest,really good game
,Recommended,251110,21960044,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,CitadelCore,"The good:One of the best Source games I've played. I'm surprised it dosen't have more attention, actually. The visuals, plotline, gameplay and voice acting are all excellent and the developers are friendly. What more could you ask for out of a structural explorationary game?The bad:A few bugs here and there, but nothing major.The ugly:Nothing! :)Overall rating: Overwhelmingly Positive."
,Recommended,251110,20895612,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,madattak,"This game has 2007 graphics, and yet is still the most beatuiful game I have played for a long time. A great atmospheric game of exploration with a smattering of puzzle solving and a good plot that requires a fair amount of digging to uncover fully."
76561197970852139,Not Recommended,251110,24359758,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,5finger,"This is a hard game to recommend, even though there were a LOT of good things about it.  I think this is a unique setting for a game and everything in the game looks great.  I loved poking around in these old crumbling and rusting contrete buildings/structures.  There is a compelling framework for a great game...  I just think they fell a little short.For example, the puzzles aren't particularly challenging.  The mechanics are good and it could be fun if they were a bit more difficult and even rewarding.  I found myself wanting to get the equipment working again (which would've been rewarding), but really you had to get it working enough to get through the level, and then everything crubles behind you most of the time.  You actually do a lot of damage for someone who's supposed to be inspecting things.There are also some inconsistencies to the world.  Slight spoiler/valuble tip:Early in the game, touching most water is an insta-kill (GTA3 like, even).  But then later in the game, you have to jump off a ledge into murky water and, suprise, you can walk around no problem.  I had to watch a youtube video for that.That could be better, or there could be a compelling story that keeps you moving forward.  There's a attempt at a plot, but the scraps are so far and few between that you don't remember any the names or what's going on.  There are newspaper articles that have a lot of background info, and they have general world building, but I couldn't put the pieces together.  Maybe the designer looked at this stuff as a whole, but when it was spread over 10ish hours of gameplay all the intricacies and the interconnected bits were lost.So again, this is sort of a regrettable not recommended.  I wanted to like it, but in the end I was just watching youtube videos almost right away because I wanted to finish it.  I think the designers (or you) should take a look at SOMA.  I wasn't a fan of the horror element, but it also had a beautiful world, lots of walking, and similar mechanics.  But there was a compelling story, the puzzles you solved accomplished something, and there was a lot less backtracking."
,Recommended,251110,30578706,Posted: 17 March,all,Nasty D,"Great game, would like to see more like it. Enjoyed the little things around the game like ""hall simulator 2016"" written on the walls. and the randoms teddy bears with beers."
76561197976035781,Recommended,251110,20601860,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Cookiemann,"Great Puzzle Game! Eventhough there are some major bugs and glitches, it is a fun game. !I am going to play the game again, to find areas I didn't find on the first try, and it is a great mix of puzzle and exploration :)"
,Recommended,251110,20644152,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Timo★,"It's fine. I haven't finished it yet.The puzzle difficulty goes really high up to the point where I actually skipped a puzzle by glitching my way over it. Some aren't properly explained so you're left guessing for a bit what the puzzle even is about and then you can start actually doing it.Maps are wonderful looking, I really like how the source engine looks here.Love the protagonist's voice lmao"
,Recommended,251110,20588416,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,HighStandards,"Starts off slow, some parts are extremely rough around the edges, like the meeting at the start, but overall enjoyable and immersive.  I feel that even if the non-player characters at the start are wooden, they help fight that feeling like you are playing in a world devoid of people like a lot of these indy games have.  If you enjoy puzzles that involve flipping switches, pushing buttons and bringing old, massive machines to life, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,251110,20601002,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Wunder_Blunder,"It's a walking simulator, it's got a flashlight and camera that run out of power in 5 minutes, and English is not the devs' first language, but it's alright. Americans may get a heart attack at the flagrant safety violations (seriously, what part of DO NOT BLOCK FIRE EXIT do you not understand?)"
,Recommended,251110,25695978,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,omony,"A well-made quest with great level design, timing, gameplay intensity. Not boring at all. 6 hours and still in process.If you've ever read Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand you'll enjoy the plot."
,Recommended,251110,20619043,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Krydoza,"Filled with numerous puzzles from simple to maddening.  Follow Mark (a building inspector) as he goes from inspecting a dam, to uncovering a mystery, to trying to survive in an environment that's literally threatening to crush him and bury him.The game does sufffer from some less that spectacular translation to English, and areas that lack any narrative to explain why you are doing what you are doing.  At one point I was literally just flipping switches and turning valve wheels because I knew that's what the game required, but had no idea what the end goal was until I reached it. (Oh, so that's what I was doing...)Still, I recommend this if you like environmental puzzle games."
76561198211895483,Recommended,251110,24124921,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,bobbycarverton,"very good game, puzzles were great and well orcherstred controls were good only point is jumping physics (seems laggy) otherwise the story is captivating tho i would like more narrative content since the voice acting is not to complain cant wait until infra 2 comes since the ending of the game was so revealing. there is so much potential to this concept i hope the second game will be greater tha the firstsorry for bad grammar"
,Recommended,251110,20597335,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DANG3R,لعبه الغاز واستكشاف جميله مره21# تقدر تشوف المقطع الي نزلته عنها  في سلسلة لعبه تستحق التجربهفي المقطع اتكلم عن اللعبه اكثررابط المقطعhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rcxC2dpoqo
,Recommended,251110,25476680,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,OmegaWolf3700,Looks like the guy from postal 2 found a new job.10/10 would take pictures of broken things again
76561198306898539,Recommended,251110,31286658,Posted: 21 April,all,alecsgarden,"I love it, 💛💙💜💚❤💖💎. Best game in awhile. Amazing."
,Recommended,251110,25747058,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,that's what she said,"Walking simulator with some puzzles here and there. Very very immersive. Though it's very linear experience it has a feeling of sprawling lining environment. In a vein like Half-Life did. Imagine if Half-Life had no guns/enemies - it'd be pretty close explanation Infra feels and plays.You play as a guy who jеrks every switch/valve/button and makes pics of everything due to his job. Or he's just wanna-be detective. That's the premise of story, and it'd slowly unfold from there with use of a bit of environmental storytelling and your good old collecting notes. There is a lot of lore underneath, multilayered detective story about corruption and conspiracy mixed with mistery and some scary things as an icing on the cake. IF you dig deep enough (and probably there is some metagame too).It's NOT a puzzle game mainly. Don't expect it being packed with intriguing puzzles. All puzzles it has can be divided in two groups - 'figure this machine' and 'common logic'. Both are pretty scarce. Machine puzzles operate on the same simplified real world logic as other puzzles. They are barely 'gamey' and barely enjoyable with some exceptions where it's either 'gamey' or enjoyable. Valves and boxes. Don't buy for puzzles, you've been warned.Infra looks good enough with it's incredible attention to detail. Though it's not that techy, since it's just good old source engine. And performance is top notch being built on ancient engine.Sounds are competent and they really build up environment and add feeling of space (use headphones pls), music is nothing to write home about, but it suits the game well.The only flaw (and it is a major one) is 'action' sections. Be it a rafting through tunnels or just 'escape before stuff blows up'. They not only don't fit the game since it's pretty slow paced explorative expreince, they are badly designed and they give away that it's not A-class title (also they look pretty bad too, in comparison to overall attention to detail in Infra). You often need to simply memorize where to go after numerous attempts. Well, not all such sections are bad (basically first one with flood gates, rafting one and walter's underground with explosions are crimes against humanity), some are great (runoff puzzle) and some are tolerable (sewers cave-in). You'll need a bit of patience for those.All in all for it's low price you get a 40-50 hours of exploration (as of today only 2/3 of the game is available - around 20-30 hours).If exploration is your thing - buy it right now. The game is packed. So big you'll feel like you rob a developer for that price to content ratio.p.s.: If puzzles is your thing... Skip. It's not a puzzle game."
76561197993651220,Recommended,251110,22639630,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,hYpnOrhyThm,"Not knowing really what to expect, the premise immediately hooked me in that I genuinely cared about my job as a structural engineer going out into the countryside and city of Stalburg.  I was welcomed with beautiful hiking, urban exploration, nature, and fascinating infrastructure and overall care taken by the designers, programmers, and artists of this wonderful Finnish gem.All that would have been enough, but included are elements of intrigue, intense enviromental action, and a sense that my presence in the world is having long-lasting effects for its infrastructure!The ending of Part 1 was very abrupt for me, but Part 1 is certainly lengthy and quite varied! I simply can't wait for more of this game and more similar games to come from Loiste Interactive!"
,Recommended,251110,22682807,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GamingGeek,"Great puzzle, mystery, and highly interactive game that I really enjoyed playing. I just can't wait for part 2!!!!"
,Recommended,251110,25883814,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,wunderbutt,"Not a bad game at all, pretty cool idea for a Source game. But the main character's voice needs to be removed entirely. It is the worst voice ever recorded digitally. It is really that bad. Fire that idiot."
,Recommended,251110,29373780,Posted: 20 January,all,Infinite luck,"Positive review, recommended."
,Recommended,251110,23041946,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Agape LFT,"Amazing, to say the least. Beautiful detailed world and creative puzzle experience."
,Recommended,251110,24813589,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,PlacoRabanne,"Great game ! Tough puzzles sometimes, a consistent story but somehow still unfinished. Got deceived by this first ""end"", but I'm in a hurry to play the second part of INFRA."
76561197997449900,Recommended,251110,25804893,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,-Dra[EST]coN-,"Very good game, very detailed levels and  5+ story"
76561197995489881,Not Recommended,251110,23846312,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PaperTie,"I wish INFRA stayed closer to the ""First Person Inspector"" game it looked like it was going to be (and started off as). In the end, it was like they were trying to make a game like Half Life 2 without guns and did a really poor job of it. Unfortunately, many of the puzzles were not well designed. There was a lot of backtracking and items hidden in unknowable places.The character I was playing was pretty unbelievable to me as well. Why would you continue entering all of these dangerous situations without waiting for backup?I'll keep my eyes open for INFRA 2, but hopefully the developer takes the opportunity to improve on the gameplay. Please also get some voice actors who can have a conversation that sounds natural."
,Not Recommended,251110,21496719,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Da_Mag3,"The game is visually nice and a lot of work has clearly gone in to it. The levels are big and there is a lot to explore. Yet the game feels unfinished. Most of the time you don't know what you are doing and where you are going, which could be ok if you would get rewarded (which you don't) for wandering around and checking every corner like in other exploration games.The voice acting was horrible, especially on the part of the main character. With the given voice of our hero, the letter a in the flashlight sounds more like an e, which then again might be humorous... The game was doing it's best to be funny, but managed to do this in quite a childish way. Most non-Finnish people won't probably find the ever-present beer references amusing.The game has some climbing and jumping elements, for which the character movement isn't very well suited. Especially the part requiring jumping or other athletics were frustrating as our hero can't really do these things. When this was couple insta-death situations (dropping to water etc.) or running against time situations, it wasn't really enjoyable. Is this poor map design, a challenge or did I miss some important controls when I would always end up in the river when taking what seemed to be a short cut?As for the puzzles and the story, well, I lost interest in them. The puzzles became something I had to do in order to open a door to continue and I couldn't get any joy out of that after a while. Something was missing to keep me interested and motivated, something didn't make the world believable. Still, I managed to complete the game, though I could have just as easily given up after losing interest.While investigating the problems of the infrastructure and corruption behind it seemed like a nice idea, it felt like a bad hobby (because of not getting anything in return, just to advance to next location). There was no benefit in doing it. Also there is some illogical aspect in this, a hole in the bridge or a wall should be reported but blocked fire escapes and other clear structural defect and dangerous things shouldn't be? I really couldn't understand sometimes what I was supposed to document and what not.So, who should buy this game? If you like exploring and solving puzzles, maybe this is your game. The idea had novelty value, but somehow the end result didn't feel like a ready game. So maybe instead of part 2, this part 1 should be finished?"
,Recommended,251110,22643847,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Xenon,This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,251110,22628516,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FamelessFace °_°,Warning: causes short-term addiction
,Recommended,251110,22785569,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,2 - 1 - 1 - 2,"Best walking sim I have ever played. Stylish, immersive, challenging, and incredibly mysterious. I will recommend this to everyone that I know."
,Recommended,251110,20656224,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,brozone,Aww yeaa!
,Recommended,251110,27255057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Heze,5/5
76561198006695823,Not Recommended,251110,23262554,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,nobbie,"Most of this review was written after playing part 1, but main issues are still present in part 2. As such, I can't really recommend this game. The game seems to have not been playtested with people coming into the game completely blind.- Distractingly amateurish voice acting- Graphics look somewhat outdated, partly because of the Source engine- Still no adjusting options like mouse sensitivity when inside the game. Why?!- Long loading times were a problem, but they're better now. First boot will still take a long time.- Many levels have dead end sections of no importance- Valves turn agonizingly slowly, and there are plenty of them- Some key items are easily missable, or even hidden to an extent- Is it safe for me to walk here? Better toss a coin- Time critical sections are extremely confusing, needing many restarts- A completely pointless rafting sectionIf I'd have to sum up INFRA in one word, it would be confusion. Most of my playtime was spent backtracking, trying to search every corner for something to interact with or take with me, staring at panels and walls for numbers, trying a route and dying, only to figure out that the last save was 5 minutes ago, retrying a solution only to fail because of the controls, figuring out there's a path that has been deadly in other instances, but now all of a sudden it's safe to traverse etc.Games like Portal and Braid can have moments of simply staring at the puzzle, but in those situations you know what the goal is, and thinking about the problem takes you closer to the solution. In INFRA, there were plenty of times where I had no idea what I was supposed to do or where I was supposed to go. Many of the puzzles in INFRA take the form of overly complicated machinery that needs certain switches and buttons in certain positions, or certain pipes need to be either opened or closed via slowly turning valves somewhere, or sometimes you need to find the valve itself somewhere and find where to stick that valve. If there are any locked doors, you bet there are easy to miss keys and keycards somewhere. The same puzzle types get very old very quickly.It's kind of sad to write this kind of review, as INFRA was one of the first games I witnessed in Steam Greenlight, and it seemed like a fresh idea with plenty of potential. Now INFRA seems more like a TC mod for Half-Life 2 rather than a fully fledged game in it's own right, and things haven't improved in part 2."
,Recommended,251110,20574070,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mills,urban exploration: the game
76561197970606429,Recommended,251110,20574980,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Will G,Intersting so far. Would agree with other positive reviews.Here is a gameplay video.https://youtu.be/hPJacF_BN1w
76561198015730303,Not Recommended,251110,21868322,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Grandp57,"At this time I cannot recommend this game and here is why. Have to say this is the first time I got bite by minimum requirements. I have several PC of various age and specs two of which met or were better than what is posted for min reqs and the game just does not function properly. Got tired of trying so I uninstalled (was thinking of asking for refund) but will try on my new PC and see. Stay tuned and please check your system specs before buying at least on this game.I am not shooting it down just being honest.Also forgot, some Internet Sec Software sees .exe file as a bug."
76561198076434010,Recommended,251110,25552222,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,krzygorz,Intriguing.
,Recommended,251110,20587343,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DiceRollingProgram,We need more games like this.
76561197995775517,Not Recommended,251110,22742929,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,The_Engineer,"You are just running around trying to figure out what you should do, and where you should go - no objectives, no nothing - though if you look hard enough, you will find a helmet and a flash light. And then the hunt for the next objective continues..."
,Not Recommended,251110,23347745,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mysterious Wanderer,"Worst character controller I have EVER seen in my life. Seriously, it would feel so much less like a walking simulator and be so much more enjoyable if the devs took less than a day to make a better one. It confuses my why they don't do this because they aren't exactly lazy. I either have to turn my DPI up to insane levels or it's just too cringy to play...Puzzles are certaintly not the best but certaintly not a dealbreaker, I don't expect this to be the new Talos Principle.The devs spent too much time on the graphics and not enough time on mechanics and practically everything else. As a game developer it's important to balance everything. Here, they made the graphics way too good for a game of this class, decreasing the quality of everything else.The story is annoying because forming monopolies or trusts is illegal in almost every country. If it was placed in the times of people like Rockefeller or Carnegie where monopolies were more powerful than the president it would have been really cool.This game has(or had) a lot of potential to be something truely unique, but at this stage it's just not feasible to give it the overhaul it needs. It's a shame to see such good ideas wasted on poor execution. Unless your absolutely dying for a puzzle game and you have litteraly played them all I really couldn't recommend this to you..."
76561198023387850,Not Recommended,251110,22838517,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Grat Dalton,"Had this on my wishlist for a long time. Played for 1.5 hours & recent patch (V1.1.2) corrupted the save file. Game release date (not alpha or beta) on steam was Jan 15, 2016. Devs. should have used Steams opt.-in Beta branch."
76561198056186683,Recommended,251110,26240402,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,GuyOnAChair,"A locked door and nasally voiced comment simulator. Also suffers from ""rub the panda against the dust"" adventure game puzzle logiv. The puzzles I've played so far aren't that great and the peformance is kind of crappy (Specs down below) and it's crashed twice on me in only 30 minutes. I absolutley HATE the main character (The guy you control) and I can't even see him (Not even mirrors work). I wish he wouldn't even talk as he sounds like a Resident Evil 1 voice actor. The options menu is a bit of a pain to use as well when you aren't on the starting menu which is a strange complaint for a Source game. I can't access certain options when ingame and while some do appear on your phone which is kind of immersive this is a game where you can't even see your feet or reflection. The only thing really going for Infra so far are it's visuals which while not on par with Black Mesa are quite good. But it's more style over substance and as painfully linear as Dear Esther with limited interactivity and poorly explained rub against everything puzzles. It would rather you just look and not touch. You can jump and crouch but swimming? Hell no! Best to do a dumb puzzle instead. It's not the worst thing I've played it's just boring and dissapointing. For the record I checked by adding it to the Nvidia control panel and NO it was not using the integrated graphics on my GPU. Try using NODRAW on the backs or edges of things the player can't see.-Windows 7 (64-Bit)-GTX 980 SC ACX 2.0-i7 4790k Devils Canyon-16 Gigs Dual Channel-232 Gig SSD dedicated to games"
76561198289504155,Not Recommended,251110,33406260,Posted: 9 July,all,steve,"Very close call, but this one gets a thumbs-down from us because, although it is interesting, it seems slow and lacks a sense of focus. Some of the puzzles were rewarding, but there's no clear goal, nor any way to measure progress. You take a lot of pictures, but can't call them back up again, so why do it?You'll have a flashlight you'll need and it eats batteries, so look _everywhere_ for new ones.Or play Firewatch instead, which is similar, but has a more linear narrative and witty dialog."
,Not Recommended,251110,21218887,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,Bought b/c I had a coupon and it looked alright. The character has a horrible accent and the frame rate is garbage even on low settings. Water has weird orange effect on it
,Not Recommended,251110,33189222,Posted: 3 July,all,BOT Pringles,"Really wish I could have played this game until the end. Really interesting story, great visuals, decent gameplay, bad (on a good way) but very funny voice acting.Unfortunately I can't recomend this, unless you're buying it on a discount and feel like you're going to be lucky enough to not have the game bug, glitch or crash on every save game you have (bear in mind I kept 3 save games + the 2 autosaves)."
,Not Recommended,251110,20592765,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,"Right now, this is close to unplayable. I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to get out of a conference room because the game gave no visual indication whatsoever that you are able to open doors, or that you are supposed to use the card reader. Then, after figuring that out, I spent five minutes trying to find my own office by just trying which doors my key card could open. Then, I pressed ALT+TAB and the game crashed, because apparently it's 2005 and my machine runs Windows ME.After restarting, my boss told me to photograph everything that's broken in a power plant, so I photographed a door hanging in thin air over a river.I refunded it because I really like the idea but don't want to gamble on the devs' dedication to fix their stuff."
76561197970159801,Not Recommended,251110,29190540,Posted: 11 January,all,Pops,In level 3 ran out of flashlight batteries and can no longer play because I can not see the puzzles or where to go or to find more batteries. I have even tried cranking the gamma and brightness to max and no such luck. Such a poorly impleneted mechanic that ruins this game was having fun until this point but to have to use a playthrough just because you can't see. Stupid I say
,Recommended,251110,27011304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turmoil,It's a good game but I would not recommend it to anyone for purchase or play.
,Not Recommended,251110,26364969,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Noogie,This plays like someone's college project. For the price I was expecting something a lot more polished. The starting office section is horrible and pointless and was almost enough to put me off playing further. The voice acting is awful. The default FOV is ridiculous - and you can't adjust whilst you are playing.
,Not Recommended,251110,32933458,Posted: 28 June,all,Proteusius,The gameplay is a bit too slow for my taste.
76561198021844646,Not Recommended,251110,20572991,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,somdow,"It kept crashing for me, too many crashes at startup. It would load but when i went to start the game, it would freeze at loading screen. All i could do was close it from task manager.When it did run, i couldnt use any button on the XBOX 360 controller except the select / start button.I figured ""hmm ok, let me try the steam controller"" and same thing....requested a refund."
76561197998595334,Not Recommended,251110,35358015,Posted: 30 September,all,jcabeleira,"I expected a fairly serious walking simulator about city infrastructures from which I could learn something but the game is riddled with childish jokes and puns. The one that killed my immersion and made me quit was the wood cutting company being called ""Morning Wood""."
,Not Recommended,251110,20591709,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Atecita,"I cannot invert my mouse view, it is quite annoying."
,Not Recommended,251110,34326223,Posted: 18 August,all,PyramidHeadcrab,"The game literally does not work. During a certain section at a dam or power plant of some kind, the level had a wall where it should not be. I watched a video walkthrough, but my version of the game had a wall where the YouTube streamer did not. I tried starting a new game, I tried installing and uninstalling, but this game is broken. I was really looking forward to this one ever since I upvoted it on Greenlight, but the game simply *does not work* anymore."
76561197996780598,Not Recommended,251110,20573307,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Agamemnus,Couldn't even find the keys to get out of headquarters.
76561197976248893,Not Recommended,251110,32950577,Posted: 28 June,all,CrankyOldGamer,"Meh,  more of the same"
,Not Recommended,251110,20592475,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,KylarZ,"Do not buy it, it is trash."
76561198001368264,Not Recommended,251110,29734152,Posted: 5 February,all,infinitysnake,"Had to attend a long office meeting.  They made me run the powerpoint.  Then I spent an hour trying to leave the building.  Have no idea what this game is about because I returned it.  Life is too short.  Did get a nice suicide trophy, tho."
76561197981588360,Not Recommended,251110,29553660,Posted: 28 January,all,40GallonTophat,"tl;drThis game is trash.  0/10Ps & Cs+ You access the menu via the players phone, that's cute- Literally everything elseNitty GrittyWow.  Just wow.  I'm almost positive most of the reviews for this game are fake.  I could tell less than 5 minutes into the game that this was going to be horrible.  Stiff animations and terrible voice acting with people who could barely speak the language.  The game is basically a Half-Life mod and I wouldn't be surprised if most of the assets were just purchased online.The game starts in a room where you review a powerpoint.  You're tasked with photographing dams or something, but who cares.  You don't know where your desk is and turning in the game makes you want to puke your brains out.  Uh-oh, the elevator stopped working for some reason.  Who cares, we have your money.Don't be fooled by the trailers on Steam, this game is hot garbage.  I hope you like collecting batteries, because that's the most excitement you'll have.  As a $0.99 game, 5/10.  As a $10+ game, 0/10."
76561197971263756,Recommended,251110,21208963,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Strider,"great game to play, i wish there was more like this. the puzzles are fun to solve and the enviroment is fun to explore."
,Recommended,251110,23150628,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,DocBerry,"I.. LOVED this game, So well put together and the puzzles are very fun. I totally recommend you check this one out. I look foward to seeing part 2 sometime in the future."
,Recommended,251110,23246088,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,мяFunreal,"Think of this game as Dear Eshter combined with a puzzle game.Stunning atmosphere, unique puzzles and a gripping story.So if you like puzzle games, you should definitly buy this. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,251110,23235887,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,NaCl,"It's an awesome urban exploration game, if you're into just exploring a world for the sake of exploring it, this game is for you.I can't wait for the next episode to come out."
,Recommended,251110,23888665,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BazBake,"The game starts off promising with interesting environmental puzzles and world-building, but gradually replaces its claustrophobic loneliness and reflections on the banality of corruption and decay with over-the-top action set pieces and overwrought conspiracies that ultimately detract from some of its best charms.To be honest, the game is downright schizophrenic with its tone and focus. On the one hand, you'll find yourself faced with some intriguing problems, and if you take the time to walk through them you'll find yourself gradually pushing back the inevitable collapse of the city's forgotten infrastructure. But you don't have to. You could just progress onward, building bridges over the rubble of the past never once looking back.This is a pretty great choice for this game, but it's implemented so poorly you wonder why it was an option at all. As mentioned before, the game loves throwing you into skin-of-your-teeth breakneck action sequences, which would be fine every once in a while but becomes the bread and butter of the last half of the game. As a result, puzzles you were in the middle of solving get swept away in a flood or a pile of rubble and you're simply pushed onward into the next segment leaving your latest project frustratingly half-finished. What's worse, there's never any subtle clue that what you're doing is about to gate you off from any previous content -- you simply walk into a room and suddenly everything hits the fan.One could almost forgive it if the game was instanced or modular in such a way that you simply can't retrace your steps due to the code. But several times you have complete and unfettered access to massive stretches of territory you casually walked out of, including an entire chapter. Speaking of which, the last half of this game abandons its close-knit and focused puzzle environments for a sprawling, endless city barred off increasingly by artificial gates and doors that you will never be able to open, giving it an awkward sense of padded uselessness.It's a pretty good game but abandons its own promise to stretch out its length at the end."
76561198111266808,Recommended,251110,20859011,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,jbarrett513,"good game, puzzles are interesting and fair. story is a bit weak, but that's not a big deal. great game for the money."
,Recommended,251110,23228508,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,doctorbim,"Awesome game!  Puzzles were just the right amount of difficulty, so as not to disrupt the flow of the game.  Story (and side stories) were very well done and kept me wanting to know more.  Patiently waiting for part 2 to arrive.Edit: Just finished part 2.  I wasn't expecting it to come free as an update to the original purchase, so it was a welcome surprise when I tried playing again.  The quality of puzzles was equivalent to the first part.  Maybe I was missing it during this playthrough, but the secret side stories seemed to be slim.  Now, I'll be patiently waiting for part 3"
76561198009897511,Recommended,251110,22033417,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,chardogan,"Very fun mystery/puzzle game. While I like the game as a whole, there are a few problems that need to be voiced.1: Load times are, almost, unacceptable for the graphics levels.2: Voice acting is poor. It is almost as if computer generated voices were used for the characters.3: there are many puzzles that don't require to be solved to progress in the story and several red harring puzzles have been found."
,Recommended,251110,26905910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kitty,I absolutely love this game. Many have described this as a walking simulator but it is more the likes of an enviromental puzzle game. At first the voice actor for the main character seems offputting but as the game goes on I found myself endeared to his awkward speech. The environments and attention to detail is stunning and there is plenty you can so easily miss without even realizing it that its worth a second run.This review is after playing Parts 1 & 2 and I must say I cant wait for part 3.
76561198052305101,Recommended,251110,26763824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JimBob,This is a brilliant game and so far a lot bigger than I thought it would be.A few niggles but what's new! I do wish though that characters in games would buy a decent torch with a longer battery life.I even think that the voice over is quite amusing as well.Wholeheartedly recommended.
76561198042182608,Recommended,251110,26910846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lolkat,It's like walking around inside of a painting.
76561198006825475,Recommended,251110,22104853,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Nathaniak,"INFRA is not my usual type of game - I normally stick to RTS titles. Yet the concept of walking through dilapadated ruins looking for dangerous cracks and things out of place sucked me in, and I'm very glad it did! Having played through Part 1 (Part 2 is due later and will not be DLC but an integral part of the game, which will rise in price when it is released, so buying now may save you!) I would say that my favourite part of INFRA is the incredible atmosphere the game manages to create. An effective mix of impressive visuals and ambient effects bring to life the game's juxtaposition of the natural and artificial landscapes - so you'll emerge from a tunnel to see the decaying entrace behind is encrusted in trees and plants just as a slightly haunting tune plays, giving a pleasantly melancholy feeling.The game puzzles are nice and varied, with clever use of the same elements to prevent everything from feeling too 'samey'. The game plot appears threadbare at first, but as the game progresses you can find out a lot more - nothing is presented explicitly, but if you piece together the scattered documents you find along the game you can put it all together, culminating in the final setpiece which sets the game up nicely for Part 2. The game has pretty good replay value, with a good mix of hidden achievements and collectibles (e.g. when going off the game path to some inaccessible place you'll sometimes find a geocache). After finishing my first playthrough I really want to go through again and find every little detail! Overall, INFRA is a steal for its price - I'd thoroughly recommend it"
,Recommended,251110,23078914,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,pheeex,"Great, immersive story told in a very subtle way. I love this game for the logical puzzles."
76561198120188842,Recommended,251110,23043473,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,blueaura94,"This game is very interesting and quite addicitve. I love every second so far. Though, I have experienced motion sickness from play, which is highly unusual, especially since motion blur was turned off. Also, your antivirus software may search and find this as a posibly malicious program, ignore it and add it to your exceptions list, it's just a false possitive. It happens. Overall, I would definitly reccomend this game. Btw, the playble character's voice is almost identical to Fernando Martinez from GTA Sa Andreas and GTA 5, just wanted throw that in because I laugh everytime I hear him speak."
,Recommended,251110,23038257,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lemon,"Definitely a very aesthetically pleasing game. Had a great time exploring, taking pictures, and figuring out the puzzles. Would recommend grabbing this - especially at this sale price. Can't wait for part 2!"
76561198263904274,Recommended,251110,28477782,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Servese,this is a good conspiricy game and puzzle game. fun and yeah m8. worth the money. no spoilers
76561197997124964,Recommended,251110,22660332,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Xaxziminraxy,"good game, you really get that feeling of being alone in abandoned places.the puzzle aspect is nicely worked into the game and never becomes a real bother to do"
76561197991392616,Recommended,251110,28926795,Posted: 1 January,all,rabu,"The first half of the game was pretty amazing, the second half became tedious, at the point I got into the steel mill. I didn't finish it as it was just too much running around looking for clues and was getting booring. I went on line on Youtube and followed some other players through the rest of the game and saw the ending, which really wasn't a ending I would have been happy with at all. This game could have been a classic if it was shorter and there was a story line that would finish. Finding the evidence and taking photos should have led up to some sort of reward at the end. I could see getting through all the puzzles, returning to the main office and producing the photo evidence for the boss who would then grade me on how well I did... may a photo album I could look through with sections on the dam, the saw mill, etc. If I did well I might receive a raise and promotion in the story, or if I didn't get much evidence I might be told to go back and get more evidence or told I am fired if I did really badly. This game really needs a follow though ending. The graphics are amazing, incdedible creative surroundings with attention to small details along with excellent ambience sounds and music that comes in just at the right times and with out being overdone.  A few human characters along the way would also be a good addition."
76561197994827301,Recommended,251110,24943202,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Apterous,Simply one of the best exploration/puzzle/adventure games out there.
,Recommended,251110,21490310,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sulhyd,"Flawed, but I still really like it. Lots of enjoyable playtime. Had only a few moments of frustration. The voice acting is subpar, but I heard it's getting a rework. Also, according to an achivement there are 100 geocaches hidden in Infra but I've only found 4. (edit: There are not 100 caches. There are 16.) Also, I need part 2.edit: Wow, this game seems polarizing. Here's my opinion on it: Do take your time while playing a game? If yes, you'll like Infra. If you like to play faster, then you probably won't.edit2: Part two is out! And it's really, really, cool. Goes in a spookier direction, no jumpscares but the atmosphere is amazing. There seem to be huge eastereggs in the game about the plot- some things in part 2 are just crazy, in a good way. Some details are just incredible in this game. However, I do have some problems. Some puzzles are kind of weak, but overall they're fine. And chances are that if you're playing part two you don't really care about Mark's voice acting. And overall part 2 is pretty amazingedit3: Part 3 came out! And It's pretty rad- the puzzles were good (but the drainage pool one seems like it would be nearly impossible to nail the first time), the levels were amazing, the story still pretty obfuscated- I got to admit, I have no idea what's going on with the story- and the atmosphere great. As usual, you need a pretty attentive eye (something i sometimes lack) to proceed. I really enjoyed this game as a whole- while I do have problems as stated above, I stil think this is a great game. So y'know, buy it and finish it. The ending was pretty satisfying w/ after credits scene, very glad it was there."
,Recommended,251110,22520970,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BOX Dan,"I keep trying to write a review for this game but I keep starting again. I can't really put into writing what this game is.What I can say is; is thatI really like it. Having now played through the entire game from start to finish I felt the need to recommend it.In short, you walk around abandoned buildings, tunnels and facilities and solve puzzles in order to progress. You are either the luckiest person in the world or the unluckiest, because everything seems to collapse or explode around you but you always just about find a way to survive.But don't just think this is an abandoned building sight-seeing tour, oh no. The city is full of corruption and scandals that have lead to the neglect, deterioration and collapse of most of the city.The game looks good and generally runs well as well (It's a Source game at it's core, so most PCs should run it). Small parts towards the end of the game run slightly worse though(and there may currently be a memory leak/bug, as the game started to chug after 3/4 hours running straight during Act 1. Restarting the game fixed it).But overall, it looks great, has an intriguing story behind it, and has a good selection of challenging but not""make you want to smash your head against the monitor before jumping from your window""challenging puzzles.I think the game is around 14hrs long, but this will vary largely depending on how much you explore and how terrible you are at some of the puzzles.TL;DR - Great game for puzzle-lovers and world-explorers alike."
