user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251270,22634390,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Hazzy,"IMPORTANT: This version of the game is NOT the psp version, it is published by different people and does not have the rights to the sprites and art from 5pb.Now, into the actual review itself.Having played the psp versions of the game AND the Japanese release in 2008, do NOT let the different art style of the sprites put you off. Once you get used to them, they become charming in their own way and are more than bearable. In fact, in some parts of the game they shine more than the updated psp versions.Now for the actual game:The story is simple, you are trapped in an unknown place, by an unknown force, Heavenly host elementary being that place. The setting is dark and grim with very adult themes and little to no rest on intense dialogue and scenes.As I stated before, once you get used to the art, it almost becomes more enjoyable than its psp's counter part.The gameplay is very dialogue heavy, but allows for exploration at your own pace, creeping around the old elementary, not really being sure what to expect around each turn. With the absolutely stunning soundtrack it will keep you on the edge of your seat the entire time.Almost all of the decision you make will make a difference, with many different outcomes to ALMOST all of the scenarios you encounter. So if you favor a character, make your decisions carefully.The pacing of this game might be considered a little slow for some people, but if you like VN style pacing, it will be perfect for you.-----------------------------------------------------------PROs:- Unique and engaging art and dialogue- Decision heavy and very interactive- Stunning soundtrack- Fantastic setting- Great pacing- Edge of your seat story with many lovable characters- Multiple endings and lots of little extrasCONs:- The controller support feels a little ""off"" when using a analog stick on a 360 pad, it almost feels a little too sensitive, however the dpad works great.- Letterboxing with black borders-----------------------------------------------------------(as of release day I can't find any other initial faults)If you are familiar with the 2008 version and want to play it in English, this is perfect for you.If you have played the psp version and want to spice things up a bit with some extra content and original dialogue, give it a go also.Overall I'm impressed by the launch, it runs flawlessly and I have encountered no serious issues."
76561198202913973,Recommended,251270,32693924,Posted: 23 June,all,Mars,"One of my favourite games, if not my favourite game on Steam.It is amazing to read the dialogues and pretend that you are the murderer, the victim or the terrified friend standing beside the horrible, cruel and gory experience happening. A perfect example of how psychological horror should be, imo.Pros :+ Amazing Story+ Interesting concept with the closed spaces and different times/dimensions+ Sound effects.. lovely sound effects+ Finally a horror game that doesn't spam cringy jumpscares+ Lots of different choices leading to lots of different (bad) endings+ Gore. Not just ""normal"" gore with guts and stuff pouring all over the screen, but the kind of gore that haunts you at latenight before bed.+ Unique characters, each with special personalities and backstories+ Not just one story, but lots of different stories affecting each other in different ways+ You can both butter up your pooper and hang out with Seiko in one evening(Almost) Cons :- The graphics took quite a while to get used to, but after I got used to it I started loving it.- Morishige's scream voice actingThe game is special and amazing, but don't get it if you do not like to read or if you do not like gore and psychological horror. Corpse Party is great for me as I am pretty easily scared by jumpscares or being chased by monsters all day, and in this game I can experience horror without holding down the ""W"" and ""Shift"" keys for hours.~ A chapter a day keeps depression away ~"
,Recommended,251270,22719313,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Noble Spartan,"It has finally arrived… The long awaited Corpse Party for PC is now here on Steam!Note!Please keep in mind that this is not the PSP version.Another note:Also keep in mind that Corpse Party is not for the faint-hearted. If you’re not a big fan of horror games then I don't suggest getting it.I’ve been a fan of Corpse Party for a while, and seeing this on Steam only brings me more nostalgia ever since I’ve seen Corpse Party for the first time. Even though it's not as spectacular as the PSP version in my opinion (which came out after this was made by the way), it still brings out quite the experience and will still give you shivers down your spine.The full name, Corpse Party: Blood Covered is an RPG Horror game developed by Team GrisGris and localized into English by XSEED Games.The story starts out with students at a school called Kisaragi Academy. They are Ayumi Shinozaki, Yoshiki Kishinuma, Satoshi Mochida, Yuka Mochida, Naomi Nakashima, Seiko Shinohara, Mayu Suzumoto, Sakutaro Morishige, and Ms. Yui Shishido, and they are about to become the new victims of the supposed haunted elementary school, Heavenly Host.Ayumi, who is into horror and occults, decides to do a ritual called the “Sachiko Ever After” because of her friend, Mayu leaving Kisaragi and transferring to another school. After the ritual has been done, Ayumi claims that they all would always be friends… That is until a sudden earthquake occurs and the ground collapses beneath them, causing the whole crew to fall into the abyss below…At least that's what I assume for this version.Corpse Party consists of 5 chapters, which is the main storyline for the characters. As you progress the story will get more intense and (maybe) more gruesome and frightening as you play. There are also 4 extra chapters, which are exclusive to this version including one chapter which re-tells the storyline from Corpse Party: Book of Shadows, “Tooth” chapter. The story is still the same, but when compared to the PSP version, the dialogue is different, including having different voice actors for the characters and not having it fully voiced, but this game still has its charm to the core. There are even some some minor scenes like the prologue that are very different compared to the PSP version, but it doesn't really change or impact the storyline in any way.You can also find and collect name tags of the victims’ corpses that are scattered throughout the school and even find out the causes of their deaths. (Hence the name Corpse Party, hehehe… Okay I'll stop.)Note that this game is very dialogue heavy, similar to how a visual novel would stand out. So unless you like reading or if you're patient, expect more than just a paragraph of reading. This game also contains multiple endings, one good / true ending per chapter, and multiple bad endings (Only one ending for the extra chapters). You will be given decisions that might either save your fate or cause a traumatic ending for them all depending on the many different outcomes. Make your decisions carefully and wisely.That’s why there are save points!The soundtrack is also spectacular to listen to. There will be some moments where you feel like you’re pumped for action and ready to embrace the horrors of Heavenly Host, or maybe some moments where it makes you really shake.Now the part I really like about Corpse Party is how it brings most, if not, all of the horror elements together into one. Unlike most basic horror games I've seen which mainly only focuses on jumpscares, Corpse Party does much more than that. This is one of the only games I played that literally frightened me to the point where my heart was pumping, body tensed up and at the edge of my seat like if I was in a helpless situation. This is truly a masterpiece when it comes to horror.The characters are all-so-lovable as always considered by many fans.Oh good o’ Seiko, we will miss you. :(That’s one of the reasons why the fanbase is popular, because of the interesting characters, their development, and their relationships with one another. You will learn to either love or hate these characters and this entirely depends on the outcomes of the many different endings you might get.In conclusion, Corpse Party is a well done horror game that also well optimised for PC, never encountered any issues. Even though it has its flaws, it still shines in a unique way compared to the PSP version with its unique and some extra content that is exclusive to the PC version.It also comes with its own set of trading cards so you could get your Corpse Party theme badges, emoticons, backgrounds, etc.Should you buy this game?Fan of horror? Sure! Like the series? Definitely! Into extreme blood, gore, and violence? Then this is for you.If you really liked this game, then I also recommend playing the rest of the series if you haven't already, the 2 games, Corpse Party: Book of Shadows and Corpse Party: Blood Drive as well.9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,251270,22635112,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Nonon,SPOOKY SCARY SACHIKOSENDS SCISSORS DOWN YOUR SPINESHRIEKING SKULLS WILL SHOCK YOUR SOULSEAL YOUR DOOM TONIGHTSPOOKY SCARY SACHIKOSPEAK WITH SUCH A SCREECHYOU'LL SHAKE AND SHUDDER IN SURPRISEWHEN YOU HEAR THIS YUREI SPEAKWE'RE SO SORRY SACHIKOYOU'RE SO MISUNDERSTOODYOU ONLY WANT TO SOCIALIZE(BUT I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD)
,Recommended,251270,22633704,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fracie,Its nice hanging out with Seiko again.
76561198081507510,Recommended,251270,22643665,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,勇気の声,"As a person who played the PSP release before playing this, I got to say I'm enjoying it more than I anticipated. Yes, it looks more... primitive than the PSP. Yes, the artstyle is different and more childish. And yes, it's not fully voiced unlike Blood Covered: Repeated Fear, but bear in mind that the PSP version is an enhanced remake of this one game, which is in turn a remake of a PC-98 game from 1996 (Remakeception pretty much).Not having the still images the PSP version had, the PC version mostly counts on two factors to spook you out: hearing and imagination. The voice clips and sound effects are bone-chilling, maybe even more than on the PSP, and the gory descriptions are just as accurate and grotesque (Both versions are translated by XSEED, after all, so there are plenty of bits where dialogues and descriptions are identical between the two versions).If we add the game running at smooth 60 FPS, the overall clearer (albeit a bit less detailed) tilesets and THANKFULLY the option of skipping pre-read text, well... you can see why I strongly advice buying this game...... well... unless you're those people who don't like reading... or prefer seeing gorefests directly on-screen off to the last detail! If that's the case, chances are you will NOT enjoy it!"
,Recommended,251270,22952737,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Fenrir | 日本留学中,"You'll probably like this game if the following points apply to you:- You have always been wondering what kind of taste the tooth of another person has- To you, murder is a legitimate way to get rid of your love rival- You have a thing for tongues, especially those of children- A haunted school doesn't spook you, it's the perfect chance to play out your dark phantasies- Sometimes you are so immersed while reading that you don't notice what you're doing. This includes killing and eating your friends- You like to butter up your pooper ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,251270,29609521,Posted: 31 January,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"ProsSatisfying conclusion to Heavenly Host storylinecharacters that are easy to loveGenuine Corpse Party humor and sweet momentsSchool atmosphere remains intactGameplay, like the first on PSP, is funConsCharacters are not well drawn (kizami,kibiki and the cameraman are well drawn)gameplay mechanics are little bland and easyMemory leak issues (constantly not responding when loading save have to wait a while to respond)Watered down wrong endingsConclusionThe story is unique, doesn’t exploit the usual cliches and takes twists and turns without getting too complex. The music is great and the voice acting adds to the game. I can’t repeat it enough.If you play this game in the dark or not, it’s up to you. But pay attention, it will draw you in and hold you there for as long as you can play the game.Apart from the major flaw of the animation and the bad save features, this game feels flawless Apart from content cut that is far more water down from psp,ios or vita version.If you want to continue the sequel you might as well play it on ppsspp emulator and get the book of shadow game. 7/10"
,Recommended,251270,22639471,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,I'M HOWARD JONES.,This game's good because a bunch of kids die.
,Recommended,251270,23577199,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Yureina,"My first introduction to this game was when a huggable person sent me a screenshot showing some of the game's dialogue. From that point onwards until years later when I was actually able to play the game, it was known to me as the ""Pooper Buttering"" game. :oOf course I knew even at the time that that was hardly what this game was about. The title can tell you that much. And when I saw that this game had come to Steam, I decided to buy a copy for myself and my huggable friend to see what this game truly had to offer.And what followed next... well lets just say I'm glad this game was in 2D RPG Maker sprites, because this game is all kinds of ♥♥♥♥ed up. Throughout the entire experience you are treated to an endless amount of horrible things either that have happened or that you will see happen, usually involving sharp objects and angry spirits. Yet despite the gorefest, there is real story here, and I was interested in seeing where everything led. Having finished it all, and deciding not to spoil anything, I'd say it was pretty good. :DGameplay is sort of an RPG/Adventure game thing where you roam about, figure out where to go next, and try not to die horribly at one of the many points that this game tries to kill you. It's not the most interesting gameplay in the world, but it works fine. It's certainly not a VN where all you do is just have dialogue choices. So for people who like story-driven games that are also freaky as hell, but are not big on VN's, then this one might be one to take a look at. :DWoohoo corpses!"
,Recommended,251270,31714466,Posted: 12 May,all,Bach,"Hello everyone, this review is about my favorite game, of all time. Yeah, Corpse Party is my favorite game. I'll explain why.It is a horror RPG type game. Its best features are its narrative and its characters, which are at an incredible level, but we'll talk about that later. First I will explain the story about how Corpse Party was created and its different versions. It all started in 1998, when Makoto Kedouin creates the indie horror gameCORPSE-PARTYfor PC. This game received a fan remake calledCORPSE PARTY -Rebuilt-, which had art redone. Years later, CORPSE-PARTY receives a remake by Team GrisGris (formed by the same Makoto Kedouin) calledCorpse Party: BloodCoveredand just Corpse Party in the West. This remake had the plot redone, completely new graphics, new music and indie voice actors (pretty good from my point of view). Corpse Party: BloodCovered was released from 2008 to 2011, because it was created by chapters. This remake caught the attention of 5pb, a well-known publisher in Japan, and formed an agreement with TeamGrisGris to launch the game on PSP and remaster it with new art, music and professional voice actors. The PSP version, calledCorpse Party: BloodCovered ... Repeated Fearand only Corpse Party in the West, was released in 2010 in Japan. This review talks about the PC version, Corpse Party: BloodCovered, or just Corpse Party.--Plot--The plot, how it is presented to the player, the narrative detail of either the thoughts of the characters or their actions, everything is excellently written. I'm just going to explain the main thing to not ruin the experience, if you get to play it. The plot is about a group of students and their teacher, who are sad because it is the last day of one of them in that school as she will be transferred. To encourage things a little, one of them suggests that they perform a charm that she found on the internet and thus be able to be friends forever. They perform the charm and everything seems to go well, until a strong earthquake occurs and they are transported to an old school of which they had only heard in old stories and that supposedly had been demolished. Will the students be able to discover the mysteries of this school and... survive?Corpse Party's type of horror is psychological horror. This game has a charm to make us feel close to their characters so as we move forward we will be in constant tension, worried about them as we don't know what is going to happen to them. Each one of the characters has a well written and unique personality, causing us to be interested in each one for different reasons. We relate to them, we care about their thoughts. We can see how their personalities change from a common and friendly environment to a lonely and deadly one, when they show the deepest of themselves.The game also has visceral horror, but I won'tt go into details about that.--Gameplay--The gameplay consists of exploring the scenarios and interacting with the objects on the stage to advance on the plot. In addition, there are different puzzles in each chapter and a decisions system. These decisions, unlike most games that contain these mechanics,doaffect the development of the game so we'll have to think well before making a decision, otherwise we'll get an unwanted ending!--Visuals--The art consists of character sprites in scenes composed by detailed tiles, which create an incredible atmosphere of suspense and solitude. The details of the scenarios are excellent, to the point where they really come to disturb, especially when you find the co...The game also has character portraits, which greatly increase their emotional expressions and our closeness to them. These portraits of characters are more used in later chapters of the game, and their quality also increases. The portraits of the extra chapters are certainly excellent, comparable with the PSP version.--Music & Sound--The soundtrack of Corpse Party is one of the best I've ever heard in my life, as simple as that. There is music for every situation whether it be suspense, fear, drama, sad, or hope. The sound effects are not far behind as the game has a 3D sound system that changes depending on the position of the source. These sounds are used to frame actions, and therefore, make them more real. This can be quite shocking if you are not used to it, since in addition to the detailed descriptions you will hear realistic sounds of disturbing things.So, do I recommend the game? Of course! In fact I think you should be playing it now. But to be honest I recommend you to play its superior version, the PSP / 3DS version. It has better art, new music, and professional voice actors. That's with the Corpse Party with which I fell in love with the series, the one that struck me. If you don't have PSP or 3DS and you don't want to pirate the game, then I recommend buying this one. The advantage of this version over the PSP version is that it has an exclusive extra chapter, telling the story of some students that you'll find as you progress in the game. Whatever you do, I think Corpse Party is worthy of your money. I'm sure you won't regret it.My rating is:8.0 / Very Good."
76561198048375895,Recommended,251270,22753991,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pebbicle,"Brilliant story-driven gameNow, I don't like horror in any form. I can't stand it, especially jumpscares. But what I do enjoy is a good story and writing, which this game seemed to contain. Once I was completely certain that this game didn't have any jumpscares, I bought it and blindly dived into this masterpiece of a game, and I didn't regret doing so one bit. So, here is a completely unbiased review from someone who hasn't been in contact with any Corpse Party media before.+ A great story. Not the best I've experienced in a game, but it's sure up there. I really couldn't put this game down since I got it and it's basically all I've been playing for a while now. The story alone is worth getting this for imo. It's a fairly text heavy game, as there are parts of the game where you're basically only reading text. As you get further into the story, you will begin to realize how messed up the whole scenario actually is.+ The soundtrack is phenomenal, and so is the voice acting. When I first started playing I had to lower the volume since the ambient music alone spooked me. That loud ringing noise when entering the infirmary is still in my head. Worth keeping in mind is that there is no English VA, but this didn't really bother me personally as I prefer Japanese VA anyway.+ The gameplay is decent, it gets the job done so to speak. You basically just walk around the school interacting with objects while encountering different types of puzzles, running from ghosts, or accomplishing something before a timer runs out. It's possible to describe it as a hybrid between a VN and adventure game, similarly to the Ace Attorney series. As it's mainly about the story, I didn't feel the gameplay was particularly detrimental to the experience in general. However, you still need to pay attention to what you're doing or you'll stumble into a bad end, called wrong end in this game. Sometimes I intentionally picked a dialogue option that seemed worse than the other to trigger a wrong end, but ended up progressing the story instead. I feel somewhat bad for people who always try to pick the seemingly good option...+ Since there are a ton of wrong ends to experience, the game seems to last for a long time, especially if you want all of the achievements. There are also quite a few extra chapters I'll be looking to play soon. It took me about 20h to finish the game + a couple of wrong ends, but I'm definitely not one of the quickest gamers out there. I didn't use a guide either, and I found this to help with the sense of helplessness the game tries to promote.- I really don't have a lot of negative things to say about this. I found that a lot of the characters look very similar so I had some issues keeping up with all the names and who was who. I also found that when watching a wrong end unfold, some of the text would skip when pressing the A button while the text is being written out (I'm using a 360-controller). I also had some issues with controls during a certain chase scene, but I assume this is controller exclusive problem, as I completed it just fine when quickly switching over to keyboard. In addition to that I also wish there was an option to run through the hallways.Now, to the million dollar question, is it worth 15€? For me, yes, for others, maybe not. It depends on what you feel makes a game worth its pricetag. For the average person it will probably take about 10h to complete it, but personally I don't think a game's length should determine the price of it. I don't regret buying this one bit, and as soon as I heard the menu music I knew I was in for a hell of a ride.To sum it up, I definitely recommend this game, even for you guys out there who are as easily scared as me. While I found the game to be overall pretty creepy, it wasn't all about spooks and the story alone made me love the game. Don't let the graphics fool you though, this game is incredibly well done and has a ton of detail put into it. However, I will note that this game may turn some people off since it's more about the story than gameplay. Basically, if you don't like horror or reading, then it probably isn't for you. On the other hand, if you're looking for a superb story-driven title, look no further.With its brilliant writing and intense atmosphere, Corpse Party is one of those games that kept me guessing what was going to happen next, and made me actually care about the characters. I will warn you though that it might occasionally freak you out, especially if you're foolhardy like me who tried playing it at night."
,Recommended,251270,22638584,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Diph,You can butter up your pooper.10/10
,Recommended,251270,23690413,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ragna,"A very strange experience.The game is absolutely disgusting in a good way.This is true horror , true terror even with 2d cute graphics from old scholl jrpgs.The only shame is that this version in much lighter then others i only saw demos.Still  it´s a very good horror game.Steam in the last years is more quantity over quality with abysmal indie games being released by the hundreds every week.It is so good to find this game ."
,Recommended,251270,28858162,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Akka,"Absolutely thrillingHoly ♥♥♥♥ what an amazing gameThis writing, just damn. No wonder they made a show based off this game. No wonder it's so popular.It starts off scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but soon it takes a shift I never saw coming. It becomes LEGITIMATELY INTERESTING. I am FASCINATED with this game's story.The soundtrack is killer. Just listen to this funky♥♥♥♥♥beathttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbcQWHn6Jk4Hot damn, they didn't even need to make good music. A purely atmospheric, low effort soundtrack would have been perfectly acceptable in this nightmarish hellscape where dreams turn to nightmares and kill you for eternity. Nope, not good enough, they made a badass soundtrack worthy of being listened to by itself. The musican, much like everyone in the small group of developers, wanted to make an outstanding game.I think the only bit of flak I can offer this game is in its fundamental design. If you make a bad decision early on it might not come back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥until two hours later, forcing you to restart a chapter. You can fast-forward the text, so you don't lose much time, but it's still an annoyance to redo everything from an early point. Even worse if you don't guess the correct solution and get slammed with a gameover after doing the more reasonable decision (which the game thinks is wrong)Like in Chapter 1 you find a corpse in a locked room. Next to it the floor is scrawled ""don't read the newspaper."" I've played Paper Mario. The last time I was told not to read something by some spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥ I read it and I got hit with a game over. Here, the opposite happened. To not get hit with a bad ending an hour later you have to disobey the corpse and read it. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I lucked into guessing the right options in chapters 2-4 first try, but the final chapter and it's myriad of outcomes, good ♥♥♥♥ing luck guessing the right options for it on your first try.This game is available on several handheld consoles. Do whatever you can to put this game in your body. Don't forget to play it at night you ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,251270,26135255,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,NattyCat,"Important: 5pb did not license the PSP art in this version, so animu images will be missing, and character art will be simpler.With the notice in mind, the game itself has a smoother user interface than the PSP version, particularly for tracking ending progress and looking through the Victims collection, so this is at least functionally superior to balance being visually inferior.Corpse Party is more of an interactive visual novel than a game. Fun and creepy; play it after midnight to ruin your sleep. Due to the lack of animu art, I would only recommend this to someone whose imagination works with words and descriptions."
,Recommended,251270,22659667,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Seth-Rah,"If you are new to the series without access to the PSP version or 3DS version, this will be a really entertaining purchase, the story is really good and it does not rely on cheap jump scares to get you feeling fear. However if you have a PSP you are better off purchasing Corpse Party: Blood Covered. If you have a 3DS you are better off waiting for the 3DS release which will be making use of the PSP assets which are of much higher quality than the PC assets.In short PC version is using older PC assets which released with the JP PC version ages ago instead of the new assets from the PSP releases.This game has been rereleased quite a few times, each with higher quality than the previous installment, the PSP version being the peak at this time until the release of the 3DS version"
,Recommended,251270,23990402,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SethC95,"To make a long story short this isn't the PSP version, it's a remake of the '96 PC version which predates the PSP version, hence why it may appear older looking or ""lacking in content"" when you compare it to a later release. So if you played the PSP version before this, then prepare to experience an older version of Corpse Party which may differ from your prior adventure. Anyway this game is a perfect pickup if you're looking for a good horror story that's not afraid to get bloody and make your skin crawl.Summary+ Excellent story telling.+ Multiple endings, some which are wrong ends that consist of deaths that'll make you cringe. ( Make sure to get the first star in each chapter for the TRUE story !! )+ Likeable characters, which makes it even worse when...youhangout with them.+ Has puzzles and moments that'll make you rush, scratch your head, and maybe even scream like a little girl.+ Voice acting is pretty good. I recommend keeping it on for the screaming, so you can scream along with everyone.+ Soundtrack is awesome. 'nuff said.+ Collectibles ! There's tons ofnametagscorpses for you to collect !-/+ Art may appear dated, but has a sort of charm to it which reflects a character's age and emotions.-/+ Some scenes ( especially a few murders ) are mostly black with just a dialouge box, but tends to make up with in depth descriptions of what's going on which will make you actually use your imagination.If you're looking for a scary messed up game, this is perfect for you ! Trust me, you wont be disappointed -- scared, disgusted, maybe sad, but not disappointed ! Just make sure to play this game with the lights off for an added creepiness factor."
,Recommended,251270,22634476,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Halenriser,So happy. One of my favorite series.Comparison to the PSP port that should be mentioned:Slightly different dialogueDifferent character bustsDifferent textures (original CPBC textures)Slightly different music
76561198166771313,Recommended,251270,24832862,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,dstreet319,"I can safely say this is my 2nd favorite horror game right behind Silent Hill 2.Corpse Party is one of those series that doesn't get almost any coverage in the gaming media but has a huge fanbase behind it. It originally started as an RPG Maker game that was released only in Japan in the 90s and then a decade later it got remastered and released in North America.Since this game is technically an RPG Maker game it doesn't function like one. It has a menu that you would expect from an RPG game as well as characters HP but its never really put to use. Which makes this an interacting story driven that just so happens to be made with RPG Maker.The games story is told through 5 chapters as well as few extra chapters to tell a few side storys about some characters . The main chapters have mult. endings for you to discover. Most endings are kinda similar but some have a unique twist to the story and the game makes you want to discover all of them. All the characters are very well acted and makes you have a connection to them since the story will add a lot of depth to them. The dialogue is very well written that the characters feel like they are actually real people that are trying to survive. The ""True"" ending is very satisifying and will make you remember this creepy story for a while.The chapters will have moments that you have solve puzzles in order to progress and some have to be done in a specific order so you can get the right ending. As well as avoiding certain objects in the environment in order to survive. The game does have save points scattered throughout the environment and you will want to make sure you use them in case you mess something up. I managed to beat the game and find all the name tags and endings in under 15 hr. with the help of a guide, and I can tell you I loved every second of it.Conclusion: Corpse Party is a series that if you love interactive storys and some good horror you will have an amazing experience out of this. However if you want something like combat and could care less about a story... this game is not for you.If you want to get into the rest of the series you are going to want to start out with this game first, then Corpse Party Book of Shadows, and then Corpse Party Blood Drive which is exclusive to the PS Vita which I can't wait get into!!! You can get the entire series on the PS Vita since the first 2 games are on the PSP.Rating 10/10"
,Not Recommended,251270,29108738,Posted: 7 January,all,SomeGuyDude,"Don't get THIS version.Corpse Party is a fantastic horror title, but this one is marred by several issues. Others have already pointed out the downgraded art style (which went from realistic to overly chibi for some reason), but the dealbreaker is the voice acting. I'm sure the VA's are fine people who did a good job, but two issues arise:1) I'm sorry, but the incredibly high-pitched anime voice is like jamming nails into my earholes. This isn't helpful when a whole lot of the dialogue is screaming or crying. A number of the scenes involve multiple talk bubbles of screams or sobs, and they're presented INDIVIDUALLY.2) For no reason I can discern, quite a number of the dialogues later in the game don't let you speed through them, so you actually HAVE to listen to them be acted out in full time. It happens chiefly during the intro/outro scenes on the chapters, but also in other spots.These are made worse by the fact that a whole bunch of those scenes that you can't speed through are just voice/text on a TOTALLY BLACK SCREEN. So basically you have to sit there and listen to a foreign language reciting dialogue you're already finished reading and just hoping it'll hurry the hell up and be over. CP is a dialogue-heavy game to begin with, but by stopping the player from being able to move at their own reading pace it brings a lot of it to a snail crawl."
,Recommended,251270,24236002,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Streview,"Ignore the voice acting, ignore the horrible art, ignore the missing art.This is NOT the psp Remake, This is the PC remake, it is older then the one on the psp, and for that matter, the new 3DS one. if you can get either the PSP one or the 3DS one, DO IT.i really do think you need to play the PSP one or the 3DS one to appreciate this one,That's why, i'm asking you, to play, or at very least watch the PSP/3DS remake before getting this one.As guy who LOVES the corpse party series (fav horror series) i am more then recommending this one without a doubt.When i streamed the game, i saw my viewers react to situation, their fear, their happiness, their sadness, it truly is an amazing expreience, but, as said, the voice acting is not good, i had to turn it off, and, well, voice act it myself.Other then that, its pretty much the same game as the psp/3ds, with some more bad endings that will make you cry.In short, Did you play the PSP/3DS remake? then get this one without a doubtDidn't play the PSP/3DS remake? Go do so first, then come and play this one."
,Recommended,251270,28128765,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Seppuku Sushi,"A great horror game featuring a tense, macabre story that isn't afraid to explore taboo and obscene subject matter. It is important to note that this is a re-release of the 2008 remake of the original Corpse Party from 1996, I would recommend playing the PSP or 3DS versions of this game which contain better quality character sprites and more CGs. That being said, I still highly recommend this version.(It took every fiber of my being to not make a 'butter my pooper' reference)"
,Recommended,251270,26362875,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sayonara-bye,"After playing both PSP and PC versions here's a review for this version.PROS:-Great storyline-Voice acting-Subtitles-Music-AmosphereCONS:-Missing anime scenes unlike psp version-Graphics were abit better in psp version-MISSING ANIME SCENES !So to conclude. Corpse party is an awesome game, its worth getting it, storyline is really nice, however as i said its missing animation scenes so you will have to use your imagination.Reccomending it only while on steam sale though since i think psp version was a bit better"
,Recommended,251270,33060990,Posted: 30 June,all,Solaire of Astora,"Fairly spooky game that doesn't rely on gore nor jumpscares to get the player at the edge of his seat. The strongest element of the game is it's twisted plot which I can't tell much about without spoiling.Gameplay wise, you follow the plot uncovering more of the mystery of the murders and the ghosts around you buy solving puzzles and exploring your surroundings WITHOUT DYING (of course).The game has a strong replayablility element, as it's separated into 5 chapters with each chapter having a cannon ending and several wrong endings. The game tells you after each ending whether it's the correct one or not.Overall it was a unique experience that I would reccomend to those who are intersted in horror games.With that being said anyone who takes stuff posted on the net and swallows it wholesale is a ♥♥♥♥ing dumbass. A total retard.Praise the Sachicko!"
76561198046806847,Recommended,251270,22633676,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Abstract Nonsense,Corpse Party is a great game series for people who are ♥♥♥♥ing sick.I love watching elementary schoolers and my friends get brutally murdered. Great game.More serious note though this is a great game/ series. I have played all of the games back on the vita. So if you haven't played it I highly recomend it
76561198054499148,Recommended,251270,30282133,Posted: 2 March,all,Gunsword,Butter up your pooper for the best horror game of all time
76561198218297811,Recommended,251270,24548628,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Tentacutie,I got to butter up my pooper
,Recommended,251270,23274059,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Miimaster,"Corpse Party, also known as Corpse Party: BloodCovered, is the original version of the PSP game. It is a remake of the original RPG Maker game that was never released outside of Japan. If you have played the PSP game, you will definitly notice some differences. The voices are all diferent (though none of them are better), and the portraits are different as well. The graphics remain the same, but you get to see different things that were originally shown as CG images in the PSP game. There are also different scenarios and changed dialouge, as well as the Tooth extra chapter and a speed up option which is useful for those Wrong Ends with long dialouge. While it doesn't have as much content as the PSP and 3DS versions, it does contain some new wrong ends in Chapter 5 of the game. Even if you have picked up other versions of Corpse Party, this one is different enough to warrent a purchase. My one complaint is that sometimes the text boxes dissapear before I can read them, as some of them advance on their own when the voices finish. Other than that, the game functions extremly simalar to the PSP game, and is definitly worth picking up."
,Recommended,251270,34515594,Posted: 26 August,all,Hex Maniac Quinn,"Note: Story-Wise this is the same as the PSP/PSVita releases ofCorpse Party: BloodCovered, as well as the 3DS port, the Back-to-School Edition. I would recommend either of those (or at least the PSP/PSVita version, referring to personal experience) in place of this PC version in terms of what truly brings the story to life more. The other versions have better art in terms of portraits for the characters and still images for certain scenes. In many ways, this is an inferior version simply because it is a revamping/port of a PC version that was tinkered with beforeCorpse Partywas released for consoles. In some ways, this is its predecessor.However, my grief with the art is the only complaint. For a fan of Corpse Party, it feels nice to have this list of achievements.  To some who are newcoming, again, I don't recommend starting with this version, but it is a 100% A+ game all the same, as far as rpgmaker survival horror games go. This is a story I keep going back to.For completionists, a guide will most definitely be needed for collecting the nametags of the Victims, as well as going into every single Wrong End that you can.Good luck, all! And Welcome to Heavenly Host Elementary School."
,Recommended,251270,24337354,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ʸᵒᵘʳ Senpai,"You get this for the story, not the gameplay."
76561198161936754,Recommended,251270,33503854,Posted: 13 July,all,ULTIMATO TRASHU,Sachiko we beg of you
76561198230144812,Recommended,251270,27370817,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,{FLS}Caustic,i own this game for every system its been released for i even own 2 copys of the psp version definetlly my favorite game
76561198077831144,Recommended,251270,32043374,Posted: 29 May,all,xX RoBiN DaGgErS Xx,"Loved this! I've tried to play horror games in the past but they were all first person, which I find a little too immersive. I really enjoyed that the birds-eye view means that most of the horror and creepiness comes from the story itself rather than relying on jump scares."
76561198155535186,Recommended,251270,22641804,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Thunmagotchi,"Sachiko, we beg of you…Sachiko, we beg of you…Sachiko, we beg of you…please bring blood drive to steam :)"
,Recommended,251270,24471152,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ZoroarkN7,"Well, its really hard for me to say wether I would recommend this game or not. When it comes to the gameplay, it's very basic and doesn't really have too much going for it. Where the game truly shines would be in its storytelling and its ability to draw the player into the story and have them grow attatched to the characters. I played this game with a group of friends and we each chose characters that we would voice ourselves and I found myself pretty much becoming the charactes that I had chosen. Personally, I loved the game and I fully intend on playing the other games in the series eventually. For its ability to get the player to really relate to the characters, which is a big must for horror games, and for its amazing storytelling, I would highly recommend this game. If your looking at it from a gameplay perspective, I would recommend trying something else."
76561198271339527,Recommended,251270,22804761,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jacob,"It's Corpse Party, only without the CG images, and Different Sprites.Still, this game Doesn't really need them it achieves what it's supposed to do in a good horror game, make you spooked.8/10"
,Recommended,251270,30560064,Posted: 16 March,all,「Hanako」,"I cried a lot and felt sad,exceeded all my expectations.RPGMakerGreat SadnessGreat SoundtrackGreat StoryFollow the 3 S's and there will be no mistake.No hard feelings."
,Recommended,251270,26470014,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Uni Uni Nii,"Welcome to Corpse Party, a thrilling and horrifying party where eight students and one teacher get trapped in a deadly school where children spirits are out to kill you.In this five-episode epic (that was originally released separately on discs without an Episode Pass in Japan), players take control of several students as they work their way out of the school. However, in this school, no one is safe. You'll come across so many victims which surprisingly you get to know their name and how they died thanks to ID Collecting. In fact, if you make a wrong move, you too may end up being a victim in the game's many many Wrong Ends. There is only ONE way out that is considered canon and will help build up the next episode. Some episodes do have alternate not wrong endings, but again, only one is considered canon. It's up to you to replay and see what you can find throughout. In addition, Extra Episodes are included, and while they don't last long, they do give some behind the scenes moments and/or some interesting stories featuring other characters. This Steam version even includes a chapter from its sequel Book of Shadows.What's really nice is the music that plays when navigating. It may be a scary game, but when not in very dangerous rooms, you'll hear themes that get you motivated to move on, determined to find a way out. But when you are in scary rooms, you'll definitely feel the panic rushing in you as you try not to avoid death.This may be a cute 16-bit RPG game with some VN-styled art, but should you encounter death orthe four, no three victims of the murder, with one being the real mastermind...you'll see just how gruesome this game can be. It's not meant for the young ones, or the faint of heart. Don't be fooled by the style its going for. Even the swanky text box (thanks XSEED Tumblr blog) screams spooky.At the end, you'll be happy you braved through the horror this game has to offer. While it's the original remake (which is based on the even older RPGMaker version) and not the PSP/iOS/3DS port that has CGs, and in the 3DS's case, additional endings and chapters, you're still getting a good game, and after 8 years we finally see what it originally was like before MAGES. held the licence for Team GrisGris, and before Team Grindhouse made the still MIA sequel, Dead Patient. It's a horror game that gets better and better as you play and surely, you'll be sad if you like a particular wifey from the game and that wifey died. On the bright side, you will like the girls in this game. Trust me. This party is worth being invited for."
76561198021837454,Recommended,251270,26594838,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"I myself tend to shy away from Anime games most of the time. But I've heard so much about this, then I saw it on steam. So I put it on my wishlist and I waited... I got more than I bargained for.Normally when you save kids in video games, it usually involves a lot of ammunition and you always save them, and they live happily ever after.Not here.In corpse party, you guide some poor kids through the dimensional hell that is... WAS... Heavenly Host Elementary School. A hungering dimension of pure evil, woven from the sorrows of it's victims. Death waits in every shadowy corridor and offers no release. Desperation and fear turn to madness and violence. All the while the ghosts of this twisted place mock you.There are many endings if you slip up. I believe there were supposed to be anime images as well, but the liscences would not allow it. If you ask me, however, the lack of images makes it more menacing. Your imagination fills in the blanks.The music is amazing too.I don't know what else I can add to this review. You buy the game, I'm gonna go butter up my pooper."
,Recommended,251270,22681853,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LadyCyanide,666/10 would butter my pooper again
,Recommended,251270,33317629,Posted: 6 July,all,Bryann,"Corpse Party is an survival horror RPG series . The Corpse Party remake from 2008 known as Blood Covered has been updated and translated into english for new audiences. It is probably the 6th remake of the game. I will get into some pros and cons of the games~Pros:-The story is really good, Possibly best horror rpg story telling-The game has many different endings and collectibles. This provides ton of replay value-Soundtrack with good songsCons:-Although this is a remake with new features I would have prefered that they port over the amazing 2011 remake that truly defines Corpse Party.-Bad AI for enemies. They constantly get stuck on walls and other objects. I wish it was more challangingFinal thoughts.~The game is good but I reccomend you find a cheap Playstation Vita/ 3DS to the play the new Corpse Party. I reccomend this game"
,Recommended,251270,34894510,Posted: 11 September,all,pokusan,"This game is brutal, it's descriptive, it's demanding and it's thrilling. One of the best story driven games that was done in an RPG maker style that i've ever played. 26 hours of gameplay to get 100% achievements. My only complaint is that this version is censored a lot. A lot of scenes where the death scenes are supposed to be shown, just show a black screen and describe the death. It leaves a lot to the imagination and is sometimes vague in the way they died, though you know that death came for them. Try the game for yourself, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,251270,34347218,Posted: 19 August,all,★Katrin♥Jaeger☆,"Tons of corpses but none of them were really having a party... Still a solid game, though."
76561198089222382,Recommended,251270,32744428,Posted: 24 June,all,Kleine Giraffe,"The game itself it amazing. I just have major problems with how they redesigned certain sprites. It looks a lot more childish with takes away from the game when you have seen the original. There is less voice acting, with is a shame because it was so good! And the still-frames are left out, another shame.What I try to say is: The game is a must play but if you have seen/played the original, be prepared for dissapointment."
76561198020998869,Recommended,251270,29432075,Posted: 22 January,all,Flying Fox,"This game is one hell of a storyIt is actually 2 games in one, a horror adventure game and a bathroomfind adventure game (kappa)This is the PC version from 2008-2010ish with the exclusive chapter ToothIt features the old textures, voice and images (though not the very old ones from 1996)If you want the ""remastered"" one, go buy the game for psp, ios (think its 100% the psp port) or 3ds (more content than psp) - this one is not what you are looking for[psp features 6-7 extra minisodes, the 3ds version features 2 more than psp/ios - tooth is in none of them - playtime of ~25-45 minutes extra]Both versions have their charme and this rpgmaker version is cheaper than the other one (30$/€ [ios 18€] vs 15$/€]) and has way more sales due to steam than the other - you might fetch it up for 10-7.5010/10 clearlyI absolutely love it - its the reason I bought a 2ds.. solely to play the extra contents from there aswell + have a higher chance for the followup games (since vita sucks and 3ds got CP 2-3 months ago -> the other games will most likely follow soon)"
,Recommended,251270,29443390,Posted: 23 January,all,The Last Cookie,"NOTE: I finished this game, but played a majority of it offline.If you think this is your generic RPGMaker horror game, think again. It is not very graphically intensive (usually a must for gore-fest horror games), but it more than makes up for that with a legitamatly interesting story, descriptive gore scenes(how much damage do you think a pair of scissors can do?)and great audio.The game is split into 5 chapters. In each chapter, you make multiple choices which may effect the outcome of the chapter. There are multiple wrong ends for each chapter and only 1 ""bloodcovered"" end, which is the correct ending of the chapter. Throughout the game, you will have to solve puzzles to progress. For example, if there is an object at the bottom of a filthy pool, you will have to figure out how to get to that item which could be a key to room that you need to visit in order continue.My only problem with Corpse Party would be that if you make a wrong choice early on in the chapter, you may not realise the mistake until near the end of the chapter. Chapters can take about 2 hours to complete, so if you don't have a save from before your mistake in one of your 3 save slots, I hope you enjoy replaying the chapter. It is also not always clear what your mistake was. Some say that figuring out where you went wrong is part of the fun, but some of the choices can be as acute as choosing whether or not to read something. If you do get stuck and have no idea what you've done wrong, I would recommend finding a spoiler free walkthrough of that chapter (although I never had to use one).To conclude, this is an awesome horror game with an interesting story and good audio. If you can put up with its faults, it is an experience you wont regret."
,Recommended,251270,30111354,Posted: 22 February,all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Overview:    Corpse Party is an Adventure-esque game where you and a bunch of students are stuck in a school that changes into a haunted school.  The game focuses on you controling a person as they navagate through the hallways while trying to find items, find other studens or saving said students.   There are multiple parts and each part has atleast 2 endings or so.  The endings vary from Good to bad, with I believe one case there is a Neutral ending.  Each ending ties into the next chapter and then eventuall climaxes.Characters:   You play as one of the many students in the class.  Depending on your choices, some studens will live while others will die.   None of the students stick out as being really good or amazing, but they have their roles.   As for the main baddie shes, well, shes  twisted and has an interesting but cliche backstory.    There are other things that haunt the school at night besides the main ghost, so caution is needed when you encounter them.Sounds/Music:   The music is simple but has a very dreadful feel to it, like the type of music that makes you think ""I WANT THE HELL OUT OF HERE,  SOMONE!  PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE SOMEONE HELPPPPPPPP MEEEEEEEEEEE"" type of feel.   Not much variation with the music but it isnt needed since it does its job perfectly.  The sound effects are great.  They fit, they  are done at the best moments  and when mixxed with the music, it can be flatout creepy and make you feel unease.Gameplay:    As I stated in my overview, you play as a student and you can explore the school.  You cant fight enemies that you meet, so running is your only option.  There are various puzzles that are usually simple, but others have a type of ""moral question"" to them.  Very simple case is that you have a newspaper and just as you are about to open it, there is writting on the wall that wasnt there before.  The writing says to NOT OPEN THE NEWSPAPER.  Well, who is going to stop me if I open this?   So you can decide whether to open it, or be respectful and not open it.  And thus, depending on your choice, will decide if certain events occur or not.   Nothing stood out as being too hard.  Somethings might take a second try or more due to an event being fast pace or due to just not knowing what to do until its too late.Final Thoughts:    If you are in the mood for some spooks and creeps, then I suggest this.  There are a few jump scares but none are bad like the ""AH IM COVERING YOUR SCREEN"" type, just sudden sounds and sudden motions (you know, like the whole lights flicker off, then back on only to see people are missing and then they flicker again, and then a dead body appears)    I personally liked this even if some parts were a pain in having to go back and forth for things.  If you like anime and have a strong stomach, then I suggest watching the anime BUT only do it after playing this game.    Watching it will spoil a mix of good and bad endings.    However, I will warn that the anime is very graphic.  If you dont like the idea of seeing guts slowly spill out, maggots crawling from a person's eye, seeing someone get their tongue cut or eyeballs impaled, then steer clear of it because there are some nasty scenes lol.   Thanks for reading my review.  If you have any questions, then feel free to message me about it"
76561198107236145,Recommended,251270,29749440,Posted: 6 February,all,"Professional Douchebag, M.S.","Read this review if you are thinking about getting this game1. Very depressing and good story. The plot was well written with many plot twists.2. If you like story centered rpg's this game is for you.3. Unique Art. (Not sure why there was so many complaints about the art, this is just a different style than the psp version)4. You will not be able to stop playing this game until you finish it.5. If you are a gamer that prefers fighting style rpg's, then you might not enjoy the gameplay (you will still enjoy the story though).6. The anime voices were a little high for my liking.7. Missing many cutscenes from the psp version.9.5/10, very well done GrisGris."
,Recommended,251270,23796637,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tezsyhd,"One of the best horror games I have played in a long time. In terms of gameplay it consists of simple puzzles and moments of intense pacman-esque evasion. It's definitely a game that's meant to be played for the story. It's unpredictability and shocking twists will keep you going till the very last chapter. The sound design and voice acting (although in Japanese) is top notch and really sets the mood. For those looking for something unique, original, and truly unsettling it's definitely worth trying.Astonishingly creepy and shamelessly violent, with equal and fair indifference to all of its characters, Corpse Party is one of the most, if not the single most, most brutal video attacks on your tolerance for real horror. Outstanding writing, gorgeously violent art, and an exceedingly precise soundscape, with a completely unforgiving, yet appropriate difficulty. Playing with headphones is highly recommended.I rate this game 10/10 ^^"
,Recommended,251270,23984842,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Queen Bee,"Being a fan of Corpse Party for a long while, I can say I truely love the Corpse Party games and franchise in their entirety. I've replayed it dozens and dozens of times I'm just so in love with it. I'm pretty sure I know every little detail about the series by now hahahah, which is why I feel the need to write this review expressing my true opinion of this newer PC version.The story of Corpse Party is amazing. It's spooky and mysterious, keeping players interested, immersed and on their toes throughout the game. Especially for fans of horror. You get absorbed into it so easily and you grow a real liking and attachment to each of the characters, routing for them to survive to the end. My personal favourite is Yoshiki Kishinuma lol. It makes you really wanna find out more about the background of the story and the characters themselves, which calls for repetitive playthroughs of all the games (including the spin-off) and (if you're a bit sadly obsessed like me) some research on the side. For an RPG as well, might I add the gameplay graphics are rather fascinating.I could literally go on and on about this game and the other games in the Corpse Party series but I feel like doing that might spoil it for new players hahaha. Basically, the PSP game is flawless and you gotta check it out for yourselves. Even if you don't have a PSP, there are YouTubers who play through the PSP series (Blood Covered, Book Of Shadows and Blood Drive) such as PewDiePie and ManlyBadassHero (my personal recommendations). And if you're looking to get more involved with the series, there is a spin-off called Corpse Party 2U which you cannot find in English, only in Japanese, but AnimeMan does playthrough it and subtitles it to English if you're interested.But if you're looking for a lighter, less detailed version of the game, just to kind of see what it's like for yourself if you can't get your hands on a PSP or the game, or even just don't really enjoy playthrough videos, you can also play this PC version. Though, being familiar with the original series, I see this as kind of a light introduction or tutorial haha. But once you witness the real series, you will totally be amazed.You might be wondering why I'm not a big fan of the PC version. Well, a few things that I dislike about it are:- the reduced quality of the character artwork. Before, the character artwork was amazing, detailed too, but now they look rather cartoonish (ironically enough) and a little ridiculous. Slightly cuter, but not what I was looking for in this game.- they have cut out the CG pictures that really helped the player capture and feel the moment.- the voice actors are different and slightly less immersive in their acting. Also voice acting is a lot less in general.- bits of the soundtrack have changed- some details of the story (nothing major really but they can be important) are missing- you cannot quick save like beforeI was hoping this game would be like Blood Drive graphics wise and with the character artwork. Also the original voice actors. Though, I'm guessing this wasn't made by the original game creators? I'm not sure. I just feel like they really slacked off for this version. But other than these things, the game is still great and well made in terms of spookiness and content. They've even added in some extra things too which makes it extra spooky! One of which gave me goosebumps hahaha. I'd recommend this game to anyone, but I'd suggest the PSP series quicker than this version. I'd also love to see an updated version of this to be exactly like the originals. Though that probably won't happen. But sure, hope this helped :)"
,Recommended,251270,24051814,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Grumblepantsu,"Not gonna lie, it's pretty spooky. I got spooked by a toilet."
,Recommended,251270,23077521,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Frizouw,"I recommend corpse party for fans of gore , horror, mystery , puzzle, japanese story.I already watched the anime but it does not stop me from having fun because there is so much that is not said in the series, alternative endings , moments, characters.You can unlock extra episodes , which helps us understand what happened to some character.but I admit that some of them are a bit boring but it's not so bad.I give a 8/10Pros:+ Creepy/Spooky musics+ Interesting story+ The characters are interesting+ Puzzles+ Alternative endings+ You have choices+ Japanese voice actingCons:- Some boring extra episodes- Sometimes they lack logic, as jump over a small hole, pass over a chair or desk, trying to break the door , but we all know that this is part of the principle of horror"
,Recommended,251270,22904821,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,bleep,"This is the Windows release of Corpse Party.  It doesn't have the character art of the PSP version, but it's improved in the original PC98 version and fan remakeDoujin horror adventure that is the grandfather to games like Ib and Witch's House.  The design is very 90's but it never gets too obtuse.  Aldo the deaths are very forgiving given the amount of save points (and achievement requirements).The story ranges from good to silly, and it has one of the most foreboding atmospheres in a video game I've ever experience.  The music is well composed and fitting, but probably not anything I would listen to outside the game.If you plan to 100% it, you'll get your money's wroth.  Either way, definitely worth a purchase.Seiko best girl."
76561197983501387,Recommended,251270,22635091,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Larre,Beautiful and well crafted story about love and friendship.
76561198026579818,Recommended,251270,22924255,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Razzbowski,"A nipple tingling, ball tightening sensation that will scare the socks off of your buttocks.69/10"
76561198019975879,Recommended,251270,23640732,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ShadowKenzie,his game is totally awesome. A pixel horror game with some actually scary moments. You can die... quite easily lol. Can't wait to find out the mystery!
,Recommended,251270,26365765,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jessicus,"I've watched playthroughs of this game, and I thoroughly enjored it so I bought the game.It was on my wishlist for months, and 2 days ago, the day before halloween, I caved in and bought the game on sale.The game is definitely worth the $15 price, especially for the gameplay.However, this is NOT the same art as the ones that you've probably seen on YouTube. 5pb didn't licensce the art for this version, so the art looks MUCH similar.This was a huge deterrent for me, since I fell in love with the art and the gameplay together.I quickly requested a refund, since this was a big disappointment for me.If you're comfortable with how the art looks in-game, the I DEFINITELY recommend this game for you. If you're not, then consider getting the PSP/3DS version, as there are no known mods to add the PSP art sprites into this game (at least to my knowledge).EDIT: Spelling fixes."
76561198173234150,Recommended,251270,31926753,Posted: 23 May,all,kawaiipunch,"this is one of my favourite games <3 it is scary and exciting. there is a detailed guide on steam so that you can go back through the chapters with help if you are frustrated by a bad ending.it is a pity that a lot of the artwork during cutscenes isn't included (in this version) as I think it would add a lot to the experience, but I still enjoyed playing it without them"
76561198024989587,Recommended,251270,33343074,Posted: 7 July,all,Draga,"A great horror game with a fantastic atmosphere and setting, dying might be easier then I wish it was but thankfully the game supports a fastforward feature."
76561198141566627,Recommended,251270,22640491,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Poussé Sauvage,"I've completed the first chapter endings as well as the first bonus chapter, and am definitely enjoying it. Having played the psp version, I do miss the better character artwork in the psp version, but this version makes up for it in other updated graphics within menus and textboxes. The music is fantastic, and I appreciate being able to earn achievements now. So far the extra content I've played is enjoyable, and I can't wait to see more as well as play the chapters that have been reworked. This game seems nearly identical to Repeated Fear on the surface, but as you play you will notice the differences and added content.Now, for people who are new to this game, it doesn't have a ton of action except for certain points and has a LOT of text. It's more similar to a VN style. But, it's a really good story with memorable characters and text. You'll also likely be spending a lot of time replaying parts of chapters to get the true ending, or all of the endings for the achievements, this is just the way all of the Corpse Party games are.Overall, pleased with the game and the new/extra content, so far worth the long wait for the release."
76561197995992757,Recommended,251270,22650479,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DerpDerpOverkill,While so far I lack the experience to write a proper review there are two things I can say so far:1*If you want to teach your kids not to swallow sharp objects DO give them this game.2* Actually DON'T buy your kids this game. They won't sleep ever again and if they won't neither will you.
,Recommended,251270,22652489,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jonezy,I loved the title cutscenes and arts they showed in the PSP version. The game lost a little bit of charm in my opinion.. But the music sounds better in my opinion with decent sound equipment. The music gives more impact to me. :)I can recommend this game to adventure game lovers and to people who like an amazing story.
,Recommended,251270,34055216,Posted: 6 August,all,rin,"""Butter up my pooper"""
,Recommended,251270,34302423,Posted: 17 August,all,Tears of Cyanide,"I always have, and always will be a great fan of the Corpse Party Franchise.I have read every Corpse Party manga there is out there(even the lewd Corpse Party Musume smh), watched the entire Anime countless times, &  played every game for any system(that has been localized or translated in english at least-), even the very first 1996 version for RPG maker! Even so everytime I play Corpse Party it never ceases to amaze me!Take this tip from a veteran of this game if you've already played a Corpse Party game before on a different system;DON'T BE SO QUICK TO JUDGE!You may be like: ""Oh it's the same thing as that other Corpse Party game!""But no it isn't!And that's what makes it so exciting! In every gameSOMETHINGis different and just adds on to Corpse Party Lore!If you have never once before played a Corpse Party games and you like Horror themed games then try this out; you won't regret it. No, it isn't as pretty art-wise as other Corpse Party games(And God Morishige's screams in this version make me cringe..) but it is still a beautiful addition to the gore-filled collection. I would also suggest that if you like this game get the others for PSP or 3DS!"
76561198218200755,Recommended,251270,23157410,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,priapus,"Say, ever heard of Sachiko ever after?Explaining Corpse Party's origins might be a little confusing at first so I'll keep it simple. Corpse Party originated as an indie pc game in 1996. It got a cell phone remake but it was canceled due to the development of this PC remake (the one on steam). In Japan this game is called ""Corpse Party Blood Covered"" and was released in 2008 episodicly. It got a PSP remake we known as ""Corpse Party Blood Covered Repeated Fear"" released in 2010 but was called simply as ""Corpse Party"" by xseed. A 3DS port was released on 2015 in Japan and the english version will be released sometime this summer.Ughh, see how confusing that was? Technically you don't need to play all versions of Corpse Party. If you've played ether psp, 3ds or pc versions you won't be missing out on much. It's the same game with same characters. You can continue with Book of Shadows then Blood Drive for the PSP and Vita.The series has gotten a manga series and a anime OVA (I personally don't like the OVA for its many problems), and a live action movie with a sequel on the way.Well that's great, now how about the actual game? Corpse Party is about a group of students who do an innocent sounding ritual for a friendship charm that goes wrong. They end up in a school that was once demolished and rebuilt as their school. They are trapped in a school from the past with vengeful ghost and traps at every corner. The game sticks to its routes being a RPG horror game that allows you to see the game from a different perspective of the characters trying to find a way back home.The game has many endings and as messed up as it sounds you can collect name tags from corpses and find out how they died from the main menu. Depending what endings you get you can unlock extra chapters that expand the story. This makes dying or making the possible wrong choices worth your while.The game isn't perfect, like it's psp and 3ds counterparts it has some parts that would take a few tries to get through. The translation done by xseed is a little off like a few lines not matching up to what the character voices are saying or the text box saying something completely different compared to the Japanese version.Corpse Party is an interesting spin as a horror RPG with retro character sprites. It offers different art style and voices compared to the modern versions of the game for psp and 3ds. Many complaints are from people who are ether misinformed about this PC version or expect this to be a port of the psp game which is the opposite. If you have already played the psp or 3ds version you're not missing out on anything. Just continue with Book of Shadows then Blood Drive. Hope you enjoy."
76561198281526459,Recommended,251270,25837729,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,rexxcolt45,"Even without those cut scenes we love this game is beyond scary,This is crazier than most next gen horror games. I do hope more companies take ideas from this monster when making horror games. I play this before I go to sleep and often i regret it."
76561198024611641,Recommended,251270,30064400,Posted: 20 February,all,Osten,GG First  try I got the  alternate ending Bad ending2nd try  I got the same ending again GG  FEELSBADMAN3rd try inc#wantthetrueend
,Recommended,251270,22634982,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Gasai,"FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY! I've never gotten the chance to own this game until now and I'm so happy I finally get to play it after first becoming interested in the series with the anime adaption and watching lots of playthroughs on Youtube. If you have a particular fondness for anime and horror and are looking for AMAZING story telling, then this is the game for you."
76561198138135181,Recommended,251270,22667847,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,A Jewish Wizard,Ghost Children made me eat scissors after I watched my best freind hang herself.Buttered Pooper/10
,Recommended,251270,30784057,Posted: 27 March,all,HSNBERG99,"As much as I love the different endings, I wish Chapter 5 wasn't so difficult to get all endings. 7 endings, you have to be kidding me.Other than that one complaint great game. Highly recommended if you want a game with a great story line."
76561198308448054,Recommended,251270,23465541,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Makise,This game is fun! Gives you goosebumps too!! >u<
,Recommended,251270,23620796,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Rubi,"Corpse party is a normal horror and gore videogame with a long and heavy story and with pixeled graphics.The story is amazing, similar to the anime and manga, but in this game they show you much more story. You can save or let your characters die and you wonder around the school looking for keys, clues and tou---. The ending is awsome, something you would not have expected.-I recomend this game to those who like horror and gore videogames.AMAZING GAME"
76561198340447101,Recommended,251270,26307735,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HermitCrabMom,So far its super intense and fun
,Recommended,251270,22689924,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,RetroGaijin,Pee on the floor. Get stabbed. WRONG ENDING. 8/10 Lot of game here for $15 if you don't mind reading!
,Recommended,251270,24034878,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CB007,"Corpse Party is an solid horror title that does a great job of keeping you unsettled and building suspense as you solve the mystery of an otherworldly nightmare dimension- taking the form of an abandoned school. Well, at least in the early going. I did feel that as you progress through it and learn more about the situation it becomes less about frights and more about exploration and puzzle solving. That's not to say that there aren't some horrifying sections, just that the atmosphere changes a little bit.I felt that the simple sprite based graphics (think 2D JRPG/RPG Maker) did a better job leaving things to your imagination and making things frightening than a more realistic approach might do.Be warned if you're a completionist that finding all of the name tags (the main collectible) and getting all endings will take as long as, if not longer than, the actual story. It's easier with a guide but still means playing through some of the same sections of the game many, many times. And of all the various bad and alternate endings, only a handful of them are truly worth the time.If you focus right in on the main storyline of the game, it's well worth your time. And if you really need to see things fully completed, definitely go with a guide rather than drive yourself crazy hunting for well hidden trinkets and fail states."
76561198157171916,Recommended,251270,26572061,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ghoul,AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,251270,26925319,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jackkel Dragon,"Starting note: The version of this game available on Steam is ""Corpse Party: BloodCovered"", which was released for the PC episodically from 2008-2009 and 2012. No content has been added or removed from the Japanese version, and very little was changed from a gameplay standpoint (limited to unifying certain systems that changed from chapter to chapter, like the map titles).Corpse Party is a horror game that sticks with you because of its strong characters. While some horror stories are quick to introduce and off unlikable characters just to show that there is danger, Corpse Party makes sure you actually feel the impact of each terrible situation. The first few deaths are not of people that had it coming, but characters that clearly didn't deserve to die. This sets up the threat and malice of the villains in a way that a straight-up slasher movie usually doesn't go for. Because of this, even knowing who will live or die doesn't make things any better. Those who die are the ones you wished could live, while those that survive are forever scarred by the experience.Part of the popularity of this first entry into the modern Corpse Party continuity also lies in how it grounds its horror in the familiar, and doesn't rely on any single type of horror. The creator has admitted that the franchise is meant to have ero-guro content, but there is a lot more to the story than blood and gore. The setting of an old schoolhouse is something eeriely familiar, even outside of the original Japanese audience. There's something spooky about wandering the dark hallways at night, and Corpse Party takes it further by showing how such a familiar location could be home to horrible activities. This juxtoposition of the familiar and the strange/terrible is a staple of Eastern Horror, but this game is a great example of why that works and continues to be utilized.The gameplay of Corpse Party: BloodCovered is relatively simple, using basic RPG Maker controls (a nod to its RPG Maker roots) and lock/key puzzles. The trick to Corpse Party is that the ""locks"" aren't always obvious, and sometimes not having the ""key"" item or choice will lead to a bad ending (stylized as ""Wrong End""). However, these endings are as much a part of the story as the ""clear"" or ""true"" endings. Some aspects of the characters simply aren't seen outside of these alternate endings, motivating a collector's urge to see every potential fate. There are also more standard collectables in the form of nametags, but these are more for completionists and to hide a few easter eggs (such as the nametags of characters from Corpse Party Zero, or people that worked on the game).For those that enjoy horror adventure games that rely more on character and story than trying to shock the player through jumps, Corpse Party is a great choice. It may not be the most ""original"" story, being heaviliy inspired by certain types of urban legends, but it is a story that can stick with you if you let yourself become attached to the characters. For those worried about the gore content, this version of the game is the least gory, as it relies on text descriptions or sprite animations for most of the deaths.If you enjoy this version of Corpse Party, I'd also highly recommend playing its 3DS version (Corpse Party: BloodCovered:...Repeated Fear) and that game's sequels (Book of Shadows, Sachiko's Game of Love: Hysteric Birthday 2U [currently JPN only], and Blood Drive). If you want to see where the series began, picking up the original 1996 PC-98 game and a PC-98 emulator (or playing the fan remake ""Corpse Party -Rebuilt-"") is also a good idea.And since I'm sure people want to know (and don't always look before asking), here are some of the major differences between BloodCovered (BC/this game) and BloodCovered:...Repeated Fear (BR 3DS):[Corpse Party: BloodCovered]Original version of Chapter 1-4Revised version of Chapter 5 (2 new endings, 1 extended ending)Extra Chapters 1-3, ToothOriginal ArtworkAmateur Voicetrack and Vocal Songs[Corpse Party: BloodCovered:...Repeated Fear]Revised version of Chapter 1-4 (altered/added scenes, 1 new ending)Original version of Chapter 5 (plus one ending from BC that was not in BR PSP/iOS)Extra Chapters 1-14Redrawn ArtworkProfessional Voicetrack and Vocal Songs"
,Recommended,251270,33292708,Posted: 5 July,all,Slaanesh,"I'm not sure what I was expecting when I bought this, but it wasn't what I got. I love this game. I love how messed up and dark is it, and I love how getting completely lost for 30 minutes didn't make me think any less of the game.If you're here because you saw the anime, just know that this is way better."
,Recommended,251270,23899567,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,★Nixxy★,This game was amazing and made me a cry a little here and there due the fact that I got attached to some characters very easily. I recommend this game to anyone who's looking for an amazing horror game that has gore and a really neat story that just makes you dive in and want more.Pros:-The characters are well thought out.-The story is interesting in a special way.-Level design is detailed very well along with the sprite work. (The sprites are adorable to be very honest)-Dialogue pushes the game forward and gives you new details within the story.-The intros to each chapter are awesome because you just jump right into it.Cons:-Sometimes the objectives are unclear and it gets confusing.-It's easy to mess up at times and you have to go back and fix it. (I recommend making more than one save in each chapter)But overall I recommend the game! Just use a guide if you get lost. I had to a few times.
76561198322470828,Recommended,251270,34716552,Posted: 3 September,all,KittyKatKuo,I absolutely love this game! Its worth every penny and it comes with so many different endings that it never grows boring in the slightest!
76561198316441430,Recommended,251270,35403373,Posted: 1 October,all,yuri-sanches,"Amazing game, kept me entertained for almost 40 hours. It can get kinda boring when just wandering aimlessly through the endless corridors, and some of the wrong ends aren't well explained, but it's an awesome game nonetheless, the story is very well built, and it gets pretty spooky if you feel like it."
,Recommended,251270,22637389,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sinon,"This ""new"" art style ruins an otherwise amazing game. Long live the PSP version with proper artwork. I suppose they didn't have the rights to use the PSP's artwork, but still. Other than that, the controls are superior to the PSP version, and it DOES run at 60FPS. More than that, despite the artstyle taking away some of the tension which was what I liked the best.However, it still is Corpse Party. Long live Corpse Party. (as long as you get used to the artwork anyway)Question: where would I get the OST?"
,Recommended,251270,23920962,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,一番の宝物,one of the best games i have ever played in my entire life !!! :3
76561198000767443,Recommended,251270,23931754,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[Mr_Hands],great game but feeling kinda cheated by the dumbed down game artwork and gory art left out from the PSP version. Why they left it out I have no idea I mean you'd think they'd ramp it up for the updated PC release but whatever still a good game
,Recommended,251270,22640819,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Missa,this game ruined my life back in 2012 and 4 years later i'm being ruined all over again. 11/10 please buy it
,Recommended,251270,29491261,Posted: 25 January,all,{H2B}CorpseParty,"My Favorite Game Franchise,great story and memorable charecters makes you wanting more."
,Recommended,251270,30912103,Posted: 2 April,all,Drako22233,a sad story that just leaves you wanting more11/10
76561198061306278,Recommended,251270,22662666,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kuraigan,This is a very fun game if you like Japanse games. This is the firtst one of its tipe I tried and I loved it. The graphics arent all that but a game doesnt need good graphics to be a good game. I only played chapter one and a bit of chapter two so I havent finished the game yet will do a beter review when I have completed the game but so far it is worth it. The story is great and I liked the characters I have seen. The gameplay reminds me of pokemon (know thats not the best description). If you liked the anime you wil most probably like the game. This is the first time I have played Corpse PartyPros+Story+Setting+Music!Cons-Graphics (I dont mind it but for some poeple its a  turn of)-Not everything is voice actedAll in all its a very good game 8/10
76561198153169229,Recommended,251270,22645587,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Big Smoke,10/10 ghost are now scary
76561198072163881,Recommended,251270,24763763,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,EpicFatMan776,Don't do charms kids.
,Not Recommended,251270,29043733,Posted: 5 January,all,Coraline (≧ω≦),"i used to play this game on an emulator and i absolutely loved it. it was the best game that i've ever playedso i wanted to go down memory lane. i was so disappointed with this game really.i was expecting the game i played back then with all the same graphics, only to be met by edgy♥♥♥♥♥talk-bubble art and horribly drawn characters. like my memory doesnt remember this as being that bad. i would definitely recommend not buying it, if you've played the old game.if you haven't played then go ahead and buy it. maybe you'll like it."
,Recommended,251270,29054419,Posted: 6 January,all,dnlgjmnz,"This game is incredible~ I played the PSP version of this game and I must say this is a port of the actual Windows PC version and it is by far the best version. Although I like the avatars in the PSP version better, this one actually has curse words and more content. I'm a huge fan of the anime and if you are as well or if you enjoyed the PSP version, this version offers slightly more. I highly recommend to any horror fan of this game genre."
,Recommended,251270,29328045,Posted: 17 January,all,♡KiriMagica♡,"Okay, So I reaaaally enjoyed this game. It's challanging, but not tare you hair out challanging. And I liked the story behind it quite a lot. Really reccomend if you're into horror, and RPG games.I also really liked all the different ending for each chapter. I did need to look up a few walkthroughs when it comes to remember where some rooms are, but totally worth buying.RIP Tiny Chirldren."
,Recommended,251270,33000378,Posted: 29 June,all,RyuGames,Great gameplay and lots of horrific descriptions
76561197977632063,Recommended,251270,24008255,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xetelian,"Telling ghost stories by candlelight late at night leads to all kinds of horror as 8 students and a teacher get sucked into a twisted hell for eternityHave to say that if you have never heard of Corspe Party before, play the game first before watching the Anime or Manga. The game came first then everything followed it, originally done in an RPGmaker for PC I believe before going to PSP and becoming a 4 episode anime.This is kind of like a Visual Novel, multiple chapters each with multiple endings. Some characters you just can't save, you also may need to visit a walkthrough to get the best endings possible and all the hidden lore and victim profiles means lot to find throughout each play through.Thanks! I'm going to go butter up my pooper with it real good! /10"
,Recommended,251270,31946187,Posted: 24 May,all,Tayosei,It's alrightliked the psp one more
76561198114493428,Recommended,251270,24208369,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Neko Hime,Amazing game! it is quite a simple text based game but the horror and the end choices are great it is a awesome game with great twists and bloody stories! Very addictive i want to complete it all!
76561198095003938,Recommended,251270,24697427,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DokiDokikoro,"This is probably one of the best games i have ever, ever, EVER played...! It has the horror genre... obviously... by seeing the title of the game you could probably figure that out... This is not the original Corpse Party though... (this is Corpse Party: Blood Covered... the one Im writing about right now) because the version from 1996... was released ONLY in Japan the 22th April... The platform was called NEC PC-9801 I think... this game though, the one Im writing about... I don't think it was released at Steam that long ago... Um... but at least in the beginning when it was released 2008, after that one there was a remake the same year: Corpse Party: Blood Covered: Repeated Fear... and then there is 3 sequels to it... (so far...) Corpse Party: Books of Shadows and Corpse Party: Blood Drive plus Corpse Party 2: Dead Patient which I haven't played... yet.Story *SPOILER ALERT* The story is about 7 students from a class with their teacher that performs a charm (found on the internet/ a blog somewhere) that will apparently make all of them friends forever and never seperated from each other... but however if they fail the charm (just what happens to them...) something bad happens... they will anger a little girl named Sachiko and then get a horrible punishment (the charm is called: The Sachiko-charm) and after they fail the charm they get seperated from each other in an abandoned ghost-school with closed spaces meaning that it wouldn't be possible to find each other in the school, unless... something happened... something that i can't remember but it would make the closed spaces smaller somehow.. and could make it more possible to find each other in the school... however they didn't become seperated like... from at least one other person to accompany them on the journey throughout the unknown corridors, classrooms, pool and other places... and ghosts, monsters and unknown creatures to pursue them throughout the whole game... there is more than just games in this franchise there's an anime, manga and a live-film too... but the anime is not worth to watch... the manga is very different, if you try to combine the story from the manga together with this game... you're not gonna get far...I love the music in this game, and that you can get many wrong ends which means that you have to replay to find the true ending for each chapter... and i admire the character development and ship so many people in a pair together... with each other but... there's no luck for my wishes... because every girl is in love with one, ONE guy named Satoshi who is a coward, and not the delinquent-looking dude: Yoshiki that tries to protect his friend and the one that he truly truly care about: a girl named Ayumi. But like i said the coward has a harem story throughout the whole game... almost. I also get very confused and creative when it comes to the puzzles in this game... but they are very clever and makes sense... somehow but still really f***ing hard to solve... not all... but some... and the horror in this game... is... good... but I think the Corpse Party- game that takes the price in being the most creepiest of them all is... the remake, it has more content, better voice-acting and a little better art for the character... so I recommend to play that one instead of this one... but still this game is very good anyway even if it has less content than the remake...I love this game!!! <3 10/10 I recommend it very very much if you want a complicated story and good everything... however the end of this game made me shake and cry, both because it was very intense and sad as hell... and I wanna play the other sequels because I wanna see the continuation in this never-ending story... lol... however it's a little disappointing to see the game take a little content from the concept of the anime and game: Higurashi: no naku koro ni... because all the characters that died in this game are alive again in the sequels and it is the same date when they came into the ghost-school... but the story just changes a little more and more differently than how ""this game's story"" turned out to be about... But still, try to find the remake or buy this game... It's still the same story in both of them so it doesn't have that much of a difference... It's worth the money I tell ya!!! :3"
76561198015961054,Recommended,251270,25735611,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Limit,Nice and story-rich 2D horror game.
76561198285387268,Recommended,251270,23204815,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Eddie,"Corpse Party is (in my opinion) really a fantastic horror game! The characters, the atmosphere and the story is great and I just love it to explore the haunted school building, especially all the notes and messages left behind by the victims are adding so much to the atmosphere of Heavenly Host.It's one of the few games that genuinly make me feel scared, terrified, uneasy or just sad because of the tragic things that happen to these poor students. (Especially what happens to Naomi, Seiko and Tohko...)XSEED please stay the way you are and keep doing what you do!I'm a big fan of the Corpse Party series and I cannot wait until the european release of Corpse Party for the 3DS :D"
76561198065398096,Recommended,251270,30233870,Posted: 27 February,all,Skweaks,"Your Names: Anime Schoolkids, Scooby Doo MarinesYour Mission: Avoid Spooks"
,Recommended,251270,27527317,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Disturbedplace,Really good games and great alternative for people without PSP or 3DSeven if it is missing a few thing
,Recommended,251270,22698852,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,C:\Users\LuKah>_,"Although at the time of this review I've only completed the first chapter, I can tell you right now that I absolutely love this game. I've done all the other Corpse Party games and this PC version is pretty much just as good as the PsP version. The soundtrack seems a little bit different but still fantastic as always. The story is the same as the PsP version, obviously. So that's as good as ever. The only real complaint I have is the complete lack of artwork from the PsP version, instead they used the real old artwork from the PC 98. I'm aware this is because of licensing issues but it still takes away from the game a little bit, in my opinion at least. If you're going to play this I have to recommend also playing the rest of the games as well. Blood Drive and Book of Shadows. At least watch them, if you aren't going to play them. There's plenty of people on the internet who have it on YouTube. You can also play/watch Repeated fear which has the more updated graphics and other visuals. I know Cry did a really great playthrough of that game if you can't find a decent playthrough.There's also a few Anime bits to go along with the series like Missing Footage but they aren't really neccesary. I very highy recommend this game to anyone, really. As long as you can take a few scares and sad parts (and quite the load of reading) this game is a wonderful experience."
76561198045000812,Recommended,251270,22649209,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Exzerno,this game makes me wanna hang myself 10/10
,Not Recommended,251270,33269945,Posted: 5 July,all,Astor Reinhardt,"Going to keep this short and quick.I bought this during the summer sale for $9.74. I'm not sure it's worth that. I'd say unless you're a huge fan of Corpse Party or you REALLY want to play it on the PC, stay away. You're better off getting the 3DS version or the PSP version.Pros:- Text in English (no patches required)- Sound (the PSP version with patches can sometimes have sound issues)- Easy to playCons:- Graphic bugs/errors (I had to redownload to fix most of my errors, but it was still missing some text even after redownloading it)- Missing CG scenes (as in they're not even in the game!)- Missing flavor text (some notes in other versions are missing here)- Bad artwork (it's an older game so it's to be expected)- Limited voices (oddly enough the voice acting is very spotty in this game, they'll have voices for some parts of text and others they leave unvoiced, even in the same conversation)So not only do you have a version of the game that may or may not have bugs in it but it's missing a lot of stuff other games have in them. As I said this game is for fans, not for people trying out the series for the first time. If you are, again, go with a different version. This isn't the best version to start on."
,Recommended,251270,30516063,Posted: 14 March,all,Creek is Canon,"""I'm gonna butter up my pooper."" HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Wow, I wasn't expecting that, even if this is Japanese. Some of the voice acting is legit creepy, too. Anything gorey and funny at the same time is a keeper."
,Recommended,251270,30480047,Posted: 12 March,all,RUNE,"uhh, should I... do it?""Do it! Just do it! Don't let your dreams be dreamsYesterday you said tomorrow, so just do it!!Make your dreams come true, just do it!!! Some people dream of success, while you're gonna wake up and work hard at it. Nothing is impossible-""*wrong end*o snap shouldn't'stve done that (ʘ_ʘ)>//<"
76561198007558868,Recommended,251270,22634882,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,blarghonk25,"If you have played the PSP/iOS version you will feel right at home, although the art work and VO is different, you have to keep in mind this version came out first in Japan. I highly recommend this game if you're into horror games."
76561198152596225,Recommended,251270,22787139,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Pennywise,"This game inspired both a manga(Actually several, I think), and an anime. I read a bit of the manga, and it went with a more or less happy ending, I think the True Ending. The anime... Man that just ♥♥♥♥ed everything up as hard as it could for your feels. Despite the fact that I kinda know what's gonna happen, the Actual Game is keeping me interested.I like how it's split into chapters, and each one has it's own Right End, and one or more Wrong Ends. Certain Wrong Ends are explored in the anime, while the Manga, from what I've read, tries to hold true to the mystery of the Right End. I digress. Each chapter has mulitiple possible endings, only one of which is right. And even the right ending might seem like a Wrong End, but the game will tell you if it is a Wrong End.The difficulty progression is kinda ridiculous, First chapter basically walks you through a Right End, and then Chapter Two is like, 'HAAAHAAAAA Good luck, SUCKER!"" The way to make a RIght End just gets more complicated, but at the same time there are more Wrong Ends, so it's a very trial-and-error- sort of deal.Not sure if you can get a Wrong End in chapterA and still move to chapterB. I've been playing till I get the RIght End, even cheating with online guides when I get stuck. *Hangs head in shame* Judge me after you try Chapter 3 with no help.I digress. It is an amazing story, and the way its played out as an RPG type game makes it even better. It really is kind of a Visual Novel, but you don't just sit there and read, make the occasional choice, you get to move the different characters, It's an Interactive Novel.After Chapter One, be prepared for Wrong Ends."
,Recommended,251270,22747897,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ObviouslyNotAce,It helped me finally butter up my pooper and I know it'll help you too!
,Recommended,251270,22716335,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,LTC Cerberus,SACHIKO WE BEG OF YOU! Game still give me ♥♥♥♥ing chills (played this on PSP when i was 6) I LOVE THIS GAME AND BEGGED FOR AWHILE FOR IT TO BE ADDED. i easily hacve 200-1000+ hours on the PSP version hunting all 27 endings but steam says there's 33 looks and i have all the endings chapters 1-4 so looks like i'll be spending the next 900 hours finding the rest of the endings. This game will easily take over your life. SACHIKO WE BEG OF YOU!
76561198077643519,Recommended,251270,23192878,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,liamdell1,"This game is, plain and simply, brilliant. The original version of this game came out in 1998 and is the grandfather ofthe entire RPG Horror genre, and this reboot took what made it's predecessor great and upped the ante. A thrilling story with superb looking pixel art and a soundtrack that I can listen to for hours without getting bored or losing the sense of dread it instills. Also for anyone who says that it's a dumbed down version of the PSP release, this one was made first, the PSP version was a port of this one."
76561198250013136,Recommended,251270,22971711,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,EclipsingFox,Just finished and now need book of shadows! Steam! what are you doing with your life?Had fun butting up my pooper and looking at dat♥♥♥♥♥of niomis.10/10 would die a billion times again
,Recommended,251270,25595717,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,Corpse Party is a great survival horror game.pros-chapter selection diversifies the game-great story-creepy atmosprearecons-bad grhapical upgrade to pc
76561198008389361,Recommended,251270,23867741,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr. Finn,"I loved this anime and this game did so well portraying it. My only real issue is that every now and then I had no idea what to do or where to go/(got lost) that I found myself checking a walkthrough at least once a chapter it seemed. Still, despite that, I had a lot of fun... especially dying over and over :D Wrong end? More like beating the chapter more quickly ;)"
,Recommended,251270,29284193,Posted: 15 January,all,Dwayne Robertson,Please play this video game
,Recommended,251270,23413001,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Giuseppe,dis is a sad game
76561198060511557,Recommended,251270,24245920,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Forgotten_Username,I bought this when it was on sale and have really enjoyed it
,Recommended,251270,24569654,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,harroldbrandon94,This game is incredible. Incredible story. Incredible soundtrack. Everything. Top Notch XSEED! (GOT TRUE ENDING. HAPY ASF THAT IT DIDNT END LIKE THE ANIME)
,Recommended,251270,22695079,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,NoahDoesSpore,"As a fan of the Corpse Party series, and have played Corpse Party Blood Covered... Repeated Fear, Corpse Party Book of Shadows and some of Corpse Party Blood Drive, I love this game! I would have to recommend this game!Buttered Pooper/10"
,Recommended,251270,34187645,Posted: 12 August,all,moppy_,this is good
,Recommended,251270,22656063,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Pruu,The Feels are back!!
,Recommended,251270,22691312,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[?],PSP > PCPC < PSPHAIL PsP Version
76561198013022995,Recommended,251270,22701130,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Homuhomu,"The game is great..... Unfortunately, it pales in comparison to the PSP remakes, which surpasses the PC version in animation and voice acting (makes dialogue so much lively), potraits (makes characters more realisticly high school), CG (critical for emotional scenes). The only area where the PC version is better is the headphone audio, which is definitely more chilling and better recorded.I bought this game, but then I discovered the PSP version, and I just couldn't look at the PC version anymore.Still, I'm not asking for refunds, just to support high quality VNs on PC, but I recommend the PSP versions far more (the upcoming 3ds version will be the definite version).As for the game itself, its a very slow boiling horror story, it takes advantage of the long play time to lure players to invest emotional commitment to their characters before some are killed off. The results are far more terrifying than your typical gorefest, not to mention it explores deeper themes than simple creepy stories, meaning you'll remember the story for far longer than the likes of Alan Wake or Before Dawn or any Resident Evils (if that can still be considered a horror game)"
76561198189173749,Recommended,251270,23175148,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Chloe In Wonderland,I love this game.  This game has so many aspects that make it appealing to people who love the psychological horror genre.  I wish there were many more games like this. <3
,Recommended,251270,23211926,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Wokgran X (Kougra EX CTF),"Well, I was a great fan of the series already, already read the manga and watched the OVA, I also kept discussing the lore history with friends of mine so you might consider my judgment of this game as unfair or biased.Even so, I really liked to play this game, sure enough, knowing about the remade avatars for the PSP version of the game made me cringe a little at the art. I would like to see a higher quality version, with the fullres images at the endings and cutscenes [for the sake of Blood, if you know me ;D]. If you want to enjoy every bit of it, your gameplay shall reach the 15~20 hours or so, maybe more if you don't know what to do, so it is at a good lenght.I really like the fact that the original sound in Japanese was present, since I'm a fan of subtitles more than dub. Knowning a little of japanese makes it extra fun to predict what they are going to say when you bat an eye at the translated text. BUT the voice acting of some main characters is not that great and are quite annoying. For my personal preferences they focused too much on the ""childish cry""-like voice. I really expected Shinozaki to have a slightly deeper/variable/macabre inducing voice. But some characters are very well dubbed, specially KIZAMI!Sadly, if you want to play the follow-up games, you will find yourself inabled to without a portable like PSP or 3DS. And this is a somewhat considable letdown of the franchise. But still, the conclusion given at the present game, or shall I say, multiple conclusions, are already satisfiying per se.The game mechanics are what you might find in current indie Horror RPG-maker based games, with a twist here and there but nothing too elaborate. You may also watch out for some ""mistakes"" that make the game impossible to continue without reseting the chapter or going to a previous save, like putting a wodden tile at the ""wrong"" place and then not finding another one or any way to remove the one you placed."
,Recommended,251270,28382051,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ikanuhm,"Awesome story, excellent gameplay and the best of all, the music."
76561198099718171,Recommended,251270,28097353,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Train Go Boom,I  sh it myself.
,Recommended,251270,26234112,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,凸(｀ι _´メ）,One of my favorite horror games to date. I have completed every ending and it never felt boring. Very much worth the money.
,Recommended,251270,26293470,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheVeGamer,"This game is just the original build, the real Corpse Party is for PSP.Bought it just because this is my favorite game for three years."
,Recommended,251270,26707718,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Termilokiz,This game is awesome!! Please upload Corpse Party Book of Shadows and Corpse Party Blood Drive please I would buy both pc versions!!
76561198301887493,Recommended,251270,34588774,Posted: 29 August,all,Delicate Sp00ns,too sp00py 4 m3
,Recommended,251270,34584472,Posted: 29 August,all,TāpêrHålflïñg pvpro.com,This game is spooky mayne. But only for those who can handle it. This review isn't very helpful.
,Recommended,251270,28198233,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,unrxvel,Best butter up your pooper before you play this because you'll be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself.~no hard feelings~
,Recommended,251270,30695517,Posted: 23 March,all,Trash Birb: Oko-San,666/10Would butter my pooper again.
,Recommended,251270,26962904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,felweeds,8/10pros-story-character-animucons-gameplayLike this game a lot cuz of story.
,Recommended,251270,23002296,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,HandsomeMoira,"Corpse Party. There is so much to be said about this game that I can't even figure out where to start.When I was 12 (I know, great age for a kid to be seeing a game like this) I had just moved in with my father. We were going through a rough time and I was still adjusting to life.  My dad is the sweetest guy and one day got me a laptop to help me cope. That's when I discovered Youtube.Corpse Party was the very first Let's Play I had ever seen, I was watching Cry play it and I fell in love with it right away. I was a weird kid, I loved horror games, however I was a wimp and too scared to play them myself. I still am, but every day I would watch a new video in the playlist and fall more and more in love with this spooky little dream of a game.When Corpse Party came onto steam I knew I had to get it and I did almost right away. I spent so much time trying to get every ending and every name tag (Still can't find 7 of them, damn you Kizami and your chasing!) but I can say that there was not a minute wasted here.The story is something I refuse to spoil but it is something amazing, the effort that went into this game is so heart warming and the art is so perfect for this style of horror game. Do not pass this gem up.  I may be a bit nostalgia blind but I know people will love this game just like I do. Please give it a try!"
,Recommended,251270,22637896,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kaz's Backlog,"After just finishing the first chapter, all I can say is I'm hooked on this game. I've never played the PSP version, though I knew what to expect... people will die in this game. The music gives it great atmosphere and when characters go through phychological trauma, you can feel the tension. I'm a huge fan of mystery games, and I will say that this one is very interesting. It revolves around a group of kids being trapped into an otherworldly elemntary school which back in the 1970s harbored incidents involving missing children. The characters have been split up and must find a way out. Simple as that.The story is simple, the mystery aspect is great if you're into that kind of thing, and the psychological tension it gives makes this game even more of a thrill ride. It's awesome! I just started a Youtube Playthrough if ya wanna check it out :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDZQtsQ7ZZw"
,Recommended,251270,22636094,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Quizzle,"I am enjoying this game and watched the anime quite some time ago. It's not as gory or crazy as the anime but it does a great job in encapsulating the original story set out by Makoto Kedōin.While the game does follow the exact story, it gives it a different feel in visuals and design as others so far.The controls are very ""direct"" with this game. What I mean by that, is that you can't simply walk by an object and spam the space bar or action button. You need to actually stay still in that one spot, wait for half a second, then press space. It could be a good or bad thing. This is a must-buy for any corpse party fans out there who enjoy all the ins-and-outs of the story."
76561198045502107,Recommended,251270,24529625,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,XxPatrickPoPpXx,"So, I just started on a Let's Play of this game after coming from the PsP version 3 years ago. I actually am enjoying this version a lot more. I like the portraits more than I do the PsP version, and I actually like how they edited out some of the little stills that pop up during certain events. Most people will probably dissagree with me on that, but I actually enjoy not having them. It makes the game a little easier to 'Stomach' I guess is the word. Not a coward, I played through the original, but this one has a charm to it that I enjoy just a little bit more.If you guys want to check out gameplay of this version, I welcome you to check out my first episode of it right here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddZha1rNlTYI hope it helps decide if you want to emulate the game,or purchase this newer version. I personally am enjoying the charm this new version brings, and I can say it was money well spent!- PpOPp"
,Recommended,251270,23593259,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Systembolaget,Is There Any More Changes From The Original Then The Art Style?
,Recommended,251270,22778399,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Talir,"Corpse Party is a horror visual novel incorporating adventure gameplay. You spend the majority of your time exploring your surroundings to find the right elements necessary to proceed the story, interacting with the objects around you. The way you approach each of the five chapters determines whether you are able to unlock the next chapter or fall prey to one of several wrong ends, with the last featuring different endings varying on how you solved the mystery. Each chapter takes about an hour to complete.Good story and excellent horror told through imagination are two of the reasons I recommend this title. Although I think the price is reasonable for the amount of time spent on the game, it may be a possible dealbreaker to some as it does not take long to beat it.Controls were also something it seems you had to figure out on your own. If you are like me and struggle: movement is done through the arrow keys or WASD, Z is accept/interact and X is cancel/menu. Hold in X to skip seen dialogue/scene."
76561198170869499,Recommended,251270,22728557,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,kaily66wiz,I really enjoyed this game. I totally recommend it.
,Recommended,251270,22723610,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Remilnelia™,"I recommend this gamesolely because i'm a fan of the series, and have stuck with every release.That being said, this version of the game seems totake awayfrom the atmosphereinstead of addto it. You'd think that, with the PC version of Corpse Party,they'd be able to add moreto it, right? Simply replaying through the chapters that i'm overly familiar with from having sat through every ending in Corpse Party's PSP release, I noticed twomajorissues;The sprites are vastly more colorful, making the area(s) appear more vibrant-- this takes away from the overall atmosphere, not that there's much to be scared of. Also, it should be noted that the field of view seems comparatively larger than the PSP version.I'd say about 95% of the voices were completely removed. It's not a big issue, but certainly something that definitely added to the game(WHERE'S MY MORISHIGE CRAZED LAUGHTER?!)As for the artstyle, i've read numerous complaints about it. Does it really make a difference? In my opinion, the sprites are creepier than the PSP version due to how deformed they look.I really wanted to like the PC version of Corpse Party, and i'll probably give it more time to settle in, but as it stands, the game just seems like a shadow of its former glorious cousin, the PSP version of Blood Covered."
76561198168969161,Recommended,251270,30905552,Posted: 2 April,all,Lolli13,I really enjoy this game.
76561198153406696,Recommended,251270,22635471,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,WeebShit,Waited so long for thisJust for Seiko and Naomi Lesbian Realtionship
,Recommended,251270,22635707,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,YamiYam,OMGF buy this game it is super sugoi~~~~~~desu~~~~~onii-chan~~~~~~hentai~~~~~weebtrash~~~time to be serious.This game is definatly worth a buy if you can look past its bad art from 1996. THIS IS NOT THE PSP REMAKE THIS IS THE ORIGINAL VERSIONbut it is pretty much the same game as the psp version with more endings. highly reccomendedUPDATE::On larger displays their are some v-sync issues that result in screen tearing. not game breaking but annoying none the less
,Recommended,251270,25999700,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,"asfiloudo, o filósofo",A game for the whole family
,Recommended,251270,23511171,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Nano,No hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelingsNo hard feelings
,Recommended,251270,24420400,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Pretty good game, spooky atmosphere. Sometimes I get stuck which is kinda annoyingWould rate 9/10"
76561198331331663,Recommended,251270,26157772,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,lgarza91,10/10 best party is one with corpses.
,Recommended,251270,22993268,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mikeh2191410,Fun puzzle game and time killer.Be sure to check everything
76561198160868511,Recommended,251270,28431033,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An awesome title from the equally awesome Corpse Part series,this title inspired the creation of countless horror RPGMaker games and it's easily one of the best of it's kind."
,Recommended,251270,25104547,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ryanc930,one of my favrite games that i own on steam i can easily recomend to horror game fans and anime fans.
,Recommended,251270,22638343,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,T﹖,Made Me Play The Same Chapter 3 timesWould marry 10/10
,Recommended,251270,25030896,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jon Gaming,Great game!  Check it out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYO70HQh9U
,Recommended,251270,22654665,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ｇ．Ｉ． ゲーブ・イギー,▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░this game░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░░is 2spooky4me░░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,251270,22633295,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Grumbling al,"This version doesn't have any CG's, I want to say like 10% of the game is voiced, and the binaural sound is gone. However it is still Coprse Party and it's on Steam.With that out of the way, here is the real review:From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings.From: Seiko	Subject: No Hard Feelings."
,Recommended,251270,26327362,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,REDMASK,Very scawery but i refunded it because i don't like readin so yeah
,Recommended,251270,28303544,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Boner Jams '03,Best game 20/10
,Not Recommended,251270,26335412,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sevensoldier,"Okay I love this game so I finally bought it, but now I can't play it because IT KEEPS CRASHING 24/7"
,Not Recommended,251270,26257418,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,KingRex,"the 3ds version is better with updated graphics and the original character art work and ""cutscenes"" from the PSP version but touched up like the graphics. Its a bit more expesive at $30 dolars but still spades better than this version. I mean by this version if you want but if you want the full corse part experience ge the 3DS version."
,Recommended,251270,22633964,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Tentacle_pantsu_bishoujo,i'm gonna go butter up my pooper with it real good!
76561198075923765,Not Recommended,251270,28234334,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,genesisphoenix121,"i had mix feeling about this one, even though it said full audio but it no where near the psp version, they removed alot of the voice acting dialogue from the psp version (maybe to avoid paying the copy right to use the voice actor's voice) , and the character design had recived a massive overhaul make them look completely differ than the old one, this is complete come down to taste but i prefer the old version it make me felt more creepy when them die and i also prefer the old artstyle on psp. this style felt more childish and less gory (when bad stuff happen). if u have a psp i recommended to get the psp version rather than this one but if u don't have a psp then i would recomended this game, despite all i said the core and story still intact and this is a great game to play. if u have the psp u can get the sequel as well. the only upside to this one is the skip button make me skip through senerio faster to get different ending one i had archived one (much more convient than psp). but it also let you skip when scary thing happen which is a bad thing"
76561198159938388,Not Recommended,251270,30604272,Posted: 18 March,all,Chaotic,Pretty Annoyed at how this game has been changed tbh. sucky.
76561198310391030,Not Recommended,251270,25287587,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bryanjohnson,i would give it a thumbs up if i could get the dam picture to be bigger than my hand. it stays about 6 by 6 and i cant get it full screen it pisses me off.
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,251270,25043543,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Another over-rated game imo. I feel like just because it's a japanese/anime themed game on Steam that it gets love it doesn't earn (like other poorly localized products).This is no exception.Despite the great characters, story and music, I feel we as consumers deserve more. The art and sprites are bad and in my playtime of playing on 4k, there was some bugs.Shame that the Sony handheld PSP has a better version. How many years ago was that?Pass."
76561198092573192,Not Recommended,251270,22655824,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,koinzell,props1-it was a satisfying challenge in chapter 5cons1-genaric forgettable lead characters as inA-cardboard cut outs of a cardboard cut outsB-shoved in random anime highschool characters from other japanese visual novels/horrer novels that's surves little to no perpose to the storyother then saying that we have those too2-conveloted story aboutA-time travelingB-dimension travelingC-crime solvingD-fans servicingE-random gore wich is not that appealingF-forced sequal selling3-plot holes4-its one of those where am i supposed to go and what am i supposed to do to trigger a scane gameas in you may need to look at a walkthrow in order to advance the plotand a load of times it turns out that you were right on the targetit's just the action button is few seconds delayedand it takes a wail for it to interact with the wall and objacts hinting that you missed something somewhereand it's hard to get a hint about the difference in the background with those textures5-the choices you make in a chaper dos not regaster to the nextfor exampleIf you made a bad choice and a character died in the previous chaptersthe next chapter shows that character is alive and doing great with the person that failed to save him or her.......both of them is standing in an unknown area that iv never seen before6-the strong anime highschool sim dating art stylemakes the game feel less creepy then it supposed to be and more into the goofy highschool dating sim drama with ppl talking about there feelings and suchdaring the game i was expacting a confasion from one of those girls..........the PC98 game had sa sinister look in those hand drown art style making it in crazy creepy 80s horrer themed settingthat may hunt you in the dark if your not carefullim a fan of japanese horrer gamesthe game is not a good remake of the pc98 for removing the rpg battle system that was in the PC98.
,Recommended,251270,27037073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seiko,;-;seikogets me everytime
,Recommended,251270,27479565,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KEVIN_IT-TBONE,"A Great PC Port that is JHORROR. Horror ranging from visual to ambient to imagining the unknown, simply put one of the best horror games on PC."
,Recommended,251270,27113057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PlayerC90,"Corpse Party is one of the most intense games I've ever played, in stark contrast to the cutesy graphics. The combination of the creepy albeit cliche setting, an outstanding soundtrack and mostly decision-based gameplay create an atmosphere that in my opinion only very few games are able to match.However, this PC release is from 2008, and since then the game was remade for PSP and 3DS. The PC version has very odd looking character models compared to the handhelds, and most unfortunately is missing a lot of art work. Voice Acting and OST are also different, but I think that's a very subjective matter, and I like both.Overall I do think this version is worth playing if you have no access to the PSP/3DS version, or maybe if you just want to see what this version looks like (like I did). But, be aware that this is not the definitive version of the game."
76561198261600261,Recommended,251270,27362217,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Glitch Hunter,"Just finished Corpse Party. I've gotta say, while I did develop a less than healthy obesession with this franchise after watching the OVAs, I got what I was looking for. The plot was superb, and I can see now why it has become the cultural icon it is. My only gripe with the game, would be the puzzles. In Chapter 1, as soon as the game started, I was stuck, because I didn't spot the loose board. Now, this could be down to me being thick, but I counted numerous times, throughout the game, where I had to look up a wiki guide or Youtube video to progress.Needless to say, I think the game could have explained things a bit better. Other than that, I loved it. Please Release Book of Shadows and Blood Drive. I wanna see how this story unfolds."
,Recommended,251270,26842478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Magnus_Mat,Butter up my pooper
,Recommended,251270,27040525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,20blackbags,"After all theses years I still get freaked out by the chase scenes. That's because the sound design, and the dreadful atmosphere is still top notch compared to other modern horror games.  Yes the character models look odd, but that's to be expected because this is an older version of Corpse Party. The story is still solid, and the game is still as creepy as the remastered psp version. It's Fantastic that we can finally play this game on PC."
,Recommended,251270,26981210,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JaBoc,"Great. Fantastic. Absolutely amazing. This game has been adapted into so many different things, how could it not be good? This is just the latest iteration of this classic horror story. Lots of endings to find, and plot-twists to uncover. Trading cards are pretty cool looking, as well."
,Recommended,251270,27783499,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[GNW] MekDragon,"A good solid horror game.  Don't be fooled by the old school sprites and the fact that it was made in RPG Maker, this game has some good ambience and plot."
,Recommended,251270,28012334,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TOP KUYASHII,9spoopy
76561198185520325,Recommended,251270,28013968,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SpiderriaN,"I love Corpse Party. Something about it just really caught my attention and wrapped me in. I love it. The characters, the story, even the gameplay of classic RPG style. Now I believe that the original version on the PsP was better in terms of voice acting and artwok but this is a great second if you couldn't get that version. The same core gameplay and story is here. If you like Corpse Party and don't mind some artwork and voice changes then this should be very enjoyable for you. Also If you like totally fu++ed up horror anime RPGs then you will love Corpse Party. Give it a go!"
,Recommended,251270,28069160,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dragonicus,"Corpse Party is an RPG Horror game, which is the only type of horror I can stand. The Corpse Party for the PSP had complete voiceovers, and detailed pictures of scenes. Now, to redraw all those images meant for the small screen for the PSP to the much larger screen of the PC would be a chore. But the voice overs are rare in-game, and it leaves you missing something.Overall, finding an official port of Corpse Party for the PC is nice."
76561198193358482,Recommended,251270,26350478,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Himitsu101,This was a total surprise for me. I didnt expect it to be this good at all !!  Absolutely loved it !!
,Recommended,251270,26111360,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Spenceroth,"Where to begin I have never really played a game like this before and I hesitated to buy it, but to my suspires it was a great game. Loved the story development of all the characters and the characters themselves and the music don't even get me started on the music every song made every story feel more emotional. The only cons I have with the game is the characters scream way too much and the big brother thing got old pretty quick other then that just miner gameplay mechanics. In the end, if you like good horror story's and anime I would recommend this to any fan of either genre. I give this game a solid 8/10."
76561198133875784,Recommended,251270,26307023,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Praxis,"Spooky, especially the music. I love it."
,Recommended,251270,24633415,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sleygal,Definitely recommending this game to those who are fans of indie horror rpgs. Just a quick note: This is NOT THE PSP VERSION OF THE GAME so the storyline may be a little different if you're one of those who started on the PSP version of the game (like me!).
76561198025382939,Recommended,251270,24098651,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ImBigBob,"One of the most disturbing games I've ever played. God of War? Pah. Super Nintendo-era sprites wound up hitting way harder. Right up there with Silent Hill 2, Resident Evil, Outlast, LIMBO, etc as one of the best horror games ever."
,Recommended,251270,27593779,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anariin,"At first, I watched the anime. As good as it was,  I decided to buy the game that I just recently heard of, and it is now one of my favorite games of all time (#Nothin'canbeatHalf-Life)I would DEFINITELY reccomend this game. Heck, I even changed my profile pic and my background! xD(#R.I.P Seiko)"
76561198346721414,Recommended,251270,28209451,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,IainRankin92,"Loved this game series since i stumbled upon a YouTuber playing the PSP version Blood Covered back in July 2014, since then I've Played all the games in the Corpse Party series that are available in English, the games are fantastic and always keep you on edge, highly reccomended."
,Recommended,251270,32053522,Posted: 29 May,all,RubyWolf222,Its a retro pixel story horror game very unique and really fun There are alot of videos on the game the sprites are not the same but you get used to them its still the Corpse Party I know and Love And I rate 9.5/10
76561197970887820,Recommended,251270,29005972,Posted: 4 January,all,Mandrake42,"Don't let the RPG Maker graphics fool you, this is a horror themed adventure game and not an RPG.A group of students decide to perform a ritual they found on the internet as a lark after class (Imagine something similar to saying ""Candyman"" three times). Unfortunatley for them, it turns out to be no urban myth and they are whisked away to the hell dimension that is Heavenly Host High School. Seperated into small groups they must try to survive and escape from this dastardly plane that is without doubt out to brutally murder them.This game really isn't for the faint of heart, while I would not consider this game scary ala Amnesia the Dark Descent or SOMA, it most definatley disturbing. What the game lacks in graphics it more than makes up for in graphic descriptions of blood and gore. Especially some of the bad endings, of which there are many, are truly awful. So yeah, if you don't like your horror brutal and descruptive, maybe this isn't for you. If you like a good horror novel though, you are going to be right at home.The story and characters are really quite engaging. While most of the characters generally fit into broad anime archetypes, seeing how they react to being inside the awfulness the is Heavenly Host makes it interesting and it's cool to see how they work together (or not) as things get more and more horrific and they deal with all kinds of really disturbing events. The story is broken into five chapters and each one builds on the last, slowy revealing each character's back story and the backstory to Heavenly Host itself. It's all well written and extremely engaging, almost every chapter ends with a shock revelation then a cliff hanger ending, meaning its hard to just stop at the end of an episode. You're going to feel compelled to start the next one just to see what happens.It's also worth getting the bad endings, just for the extra insight they can provide on the plot. Not to mention this is where you are going to get some of the most gruesome stuff the game has to offer.This is a really great game and I can't recommend it enough. If you are at all into this kind of thing you have probably seen the positive reviews on Steam itself and in other media. It really deserves the respect it gets, and if you can look past the 16 bit graphics, you are in for a hell of a ride.9/10"
,Recommended,251270,29072993,Posted: 6 January,all,Tsumae,AMAZING!!!
76561198273515402,Recommended,251270,29017516,Posted: 4 January,all,Shapeshifter101,"Really great storyline, I really enjoyed checking out the wrong ends and all. It really gave me a thrill during the one chase scene, and I enjoyed the plot twists and such. The right ending to the whole game was pretty heartwarming, and I loved the special moments bewtween the characters, especially the begining. Very great game, 100000/10"
76561198160420153,Recommended,251270,29214427,Posted: 12 January,all,vQuicKv,By far one of the best horror games i have ever played
76561198093715635,Recommended,251270,29192994,Posted: 11 January,all,STYVUX,"It is a fantastic game with a great story and an awesome soundtrack (that I wish was downloadable), though not the greatest horror experience but still pretty good. However I do recommend people get the game on psp or 3DS if they can because the steam version lacks gore scenes and has worse sprites for the characters. Although I did really enjoy the voice acting for this version a lot!"
,Recommended,251270,29312085,Posted: 16 January,all,BrokenBones013,"I love Corspe Party, the characters are different from the ones i am used too"
,Recommended,251270,29611496,Posted: 31 January,all,darkblade1294,Good i like it cos i like anime and this stuff
,Recommended,251270,29928086,Posted: 14 February,all,Deep,"Corpse Party is a title that lives up to its name. Despite its seemingly simple premise, sprites and top-down perspective, Corpse Party manages to invoke a sense of fear and dread with every step of the way. It knows what you’re going in for, cranks it up, and gives you exactly what you weren’t expecting. This was what first got me into the series.Corpse Party follows a simple structure: You navigate a cast of characters through the haunted elementary school, pick up various items, figure out puzzles and attempt to find a way home. The characters and situations you find yourself in change accordingly as the story progresses. There are no complex strategies to formulate nor enemies that you must defeat – your brain and intuition are all that matter. For that, Corpse Party uses simple control mechanics with both a keyboard and controller. Movements are sound and responsive (as what you’d expect from a top-down game) and any AI programmed into the game is fair to handle.However, the same cannot be said for the entire game. Corpse Party offers many bad endings to its chapters alongside the true, canonical ones. The pre-requisites to obtaining the bad endings vary in circumstances and options given to the player. There are numerous times where the player may receive a bad ending by ignoring simple logic, going against their instincts or manipulating events in a manner they might not think of on their first playthrough. This can be rather unfair sometimes. Though some of them are relatively simple to figure out and avoid, others will test the player and get them to experiment with multiple runs. Saving can be essential.The Steam port of Corpse Party is not the same as the PSP or 3DS versions. It was instead built off the PC version which came out a few years prior. This means that it does not contain the updated visuals, voice acting or CG scenes. Overall, the downgrade is not that bad, since the features are still good enough. It’s a preference over aesthetics. The lack of CG scenes is a bit disappointing, but they’re nothing that a simple internet search can’t fix.Though Corpse Party is a relatively short game (roughly 8 - 15 hours depending on the player), it maintains a constant balance between characters and story. The atmospheric soundtrack and effects only add to its eerie setting. It is unarguably not for everyone, despite what outside impressions might look like. The series is one that is not afraid to get dark. If you can get past that and its graphic scenes, then Corpse Party will provide an immersive experience, and one that shan’t be forgotten."
,Recommended,251270,29600276,Posted: 30 January,all,kilor55,"Don't let it's old school aesthetic fool you, Corpse Party remains a twisted and tense survival horror story even twenty years after its original release. The writing is top notch, well paced, and only marred by some questionable localization. This version of the game slows down a bit when loading a new area, which is strange since ya know - it's twenty years old.Fantastic A plus soundtrack, music and sound effects are great at creating an atmosphere of dread.Fair warning while there are some survival horror elements (evading enemies, managing health) this game lies more on the ""visual novel"" side of the spectrum. Great classic game!"
76561198129669846,Recommended,251270,29841104,Posted: 10 February,all,superminimax3,"Although this version of the game is inferior to the 3DS, PSP, and iOS versions because it lacks the better voice acting, the new character portraits, and also the CG images, I would still recommend this game if you can't afford the other versions, or you don't have a 3DS, PSP, or Apple device. It is a great game for people that enjoy horror J-RPG styled games"
,Recommended,251270,31091351,Posted: 11 April,all,PowerOutGaming - YT,"The Psp is better though if you dont have a Psp then buy this its an amazing story and i love rpg maker games, and the dialog is great6.736/10"
76561198053052565,Recommended,251270,31202188,Posted: 17 April,all,SpecialButtPants,Fairly solid horror rpg but the mobile versions look like far superior versions.
,Recommended,251270,31210249,Posted: 17 April,all,5eiko,"I can't reccomend this game enough to anyone and everyone who enjoy a good spook once in a while.Though Corpse Party is an RPG maker game, please, please don't be fooled. This is one of the first of its kind; the story was created back in the late 1990s, and it has since seen numerous remakes, sequels, and adaptations. This is the indie adaptation from ~2008, if memory serves, and, while a bit lacking in the visual department, (no CGs, ""interesting"" character designs...) is definitely a must-play for fans of the RPG horror genre, the PSP remake of the games, and anyone who's up for an adventure.The game IS fairly ""anime,"" just as a forewarning - like seriously, if you aren't good with boob jokes and other anime tropes, you might need to brace yourself. And of course there's the infamous ""butter up my pooper"" scene. But to me, that just adds to the game's charm.Corpse Party is a game able to simultaneously juggle the seriousness and terror that comes with the situation, as well as adding in some absolutely FANTASTIC funny moments (I'm looking at you, Byakudan High), great character chemistry (Mayu and Shig, Naomi and Seiko, Yoshiki and Ayumi). Nothing feels like it was just carelessly placed. Even the individual character nametags you pick up throughout the school have interwoven stories. Seriously, after you collect them, read them. There are some gems.I could go on for hours about this game, since it's definitely one of my favorites of all time. It's a shining example of what horror can be when it's not focused on jumpscares, and it's also an experience that will likely stay with its players for a long time after playing it."
,Recommended,251270,31680810,Posted: 11 May,all,Kevinzzz 123,"BAD ENGLISH AND NOT THAT GOOD REVIEWNOT PSP VERSIONI already play the psp version of corpse party, so im probably gonna review this version and psp version and also comparing it which one you should play firstI gotta say, the story of this game is F*CK*NG AWSOME, and creepy too. This game is only focus on story rather than the game mechanics/gameplay. This game is probably the most f*ck*d up story i ever see in video game (for right now). The story is still the same from psp version. Just wait for the twist, it will blow your mind. You have to reading every dialogue to understand because when i first time playing this, i kinda lost the story.The characters is great, i really love all characters. Not only the main chararters, but also the side characters that *COUGHCOUGH spoiler alerts...... die in the school.Even though is just pixel graphics, like i say, this game is only focus on story, you don't need high end graphics for made things scary. Just like psp version, still pixel graphicsThe music is made game awesome and creepy. Maybe some music is change from psp version, maybe they just improve the sound quality.Every horror games must have jumpscare on it, but not this one. Which is good for the ♥♥♥♥♥The voice acting is not that good for me, characters that 17 years old sounds like 9 years old kid. Sometime there are no voice dialogue in the game. BUT, the psp version is so much better, it's full voice and perfect for the characters.Characters are not well drawn for the main characters (except side characters). The psp version looks like an anime, which looks good for me. The psp version had more CGs than this version, which is disappointed.That's it1. Only focus on story, not gameplay2. Story is really good, but sometime it's hard to understand when progressing the story3. The characters is good, nothing to complain4. Pixel graphics5. The music is.........awesome, nothing to complain6. The voice acting is no no -_-if im being honest, i recommend you to play the psp version, but this version is not disappointed.7/10even thought i recommend the psp version doesn't mean i'm not recommend this version, so stfu"
