user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198227944000,Recommended,251290,19736267,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,skolpaul7,"I'm 29 years old and just over 2 months ago i lost my job. I have worked hard since i left school at 17 and in the past 2 years i grinded my way into a nice promotion at a job where a lot of people hate or see as a dead end career wise. I'm going through the toughest time of my life right now with personal issues and the troubles that come along with being unemployed during a crisis in your life is weighing heavy on me. Don't worry this is not a sob story, everything ties in with the game.So, being depressed and unable to get out of bed and generally live my life ( no exaggeration i swear ) i found myself reading up on old video games that i loved as a kid, in an attempt to try and feel happy again. Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy VIII were my favorite games growing up. In recent years i haven't been that much into games as i was as teenager. Work commitments and adulthood takes a hold of you and gaming kind of took a back seat.Anyway, i stumbled upon Trails In The Sky FC whilst reading up on good JRPGS on Steam ( JRPG's were my thing as a kid ). I saw one review that described Trails as better than Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy VII, and it was going so cheap on Steam, i had to see what the fuss was about. Thank god i did.As i played FC and SC consecutively i'll count this as a combined review but as i mentioned above. I haven't played games much in recent years and an in depth review is something i wouldn't be good at so i'll keep it short and sweet.First things first, the storyline in this game is absolutely fantastic, So many good characters and interactions, a lot of text to read through but i love that. A game without good text/dialogue will struggle to be a good game. Trails has the best storyline i have ever came across in a game. It's very long but well worth it, look at it this way. Would The Lord Of The Rings be the story it was if it were not a gigantic beast of a novel? This kind of is the same with Trails. It's a slow burner at the the start but about 20 hours into FC it picks up and does not stop. It grips you in and will have you laughing, crying and screaming before you know it.The characters and character relations are amazing. Sometime the highlights for me weren't beating a tough boss or finishing long quests/chapters it was the small moments when the full team are together and each individual character shines through in the dialogue. Simply fantastic.I had mentioned before playing SC that the only thing i could say that was keeping it from being the complete game was the music, although the music is great i did say that it wasn't comparable to say a Nobou Uematsu score ( but what is eh? ). I'm going to backtrack on this now, after playing SC ( Which is considerably longer than FC ) i can say that the music is absolutely fantastic. It's up there with Nobou's Chrono Trigger soundtrack for me now.Well, that's about as much as i can say without tangling myself up in knots over a game review. The reasons i wanted to write this wasn't to critique the game but to get the message out there that games ( no matter what your preference is ) are magical. I'm now in better spirits and feeling more optimisitc about life after finishing this game. Yes, that may sound sad to some people but the joy this game brought to me will be something i will forever cherish. Given the impact this game has had on me, it will now be my "" Greatest Game Of All Time "". Sometimes you need somthing in your life to pick you up and Trails was my shoulder to cry on. Thanks Falcom and Xseed, you basically saved my life.If you like long JRPG's with amazing storytelling, characters, combat systems and addictive side quests. You need to get this game. It's an absolute must.10/10"
76561197996653478,Recommended,251290,18784227,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Siegfried,"I brought this to vote with my wallet that WE WANT XSEED TO TRANSLATE THE 3RD ONE TOO, SO THE TRILOGY WOULD BE COMPLETE.Thank you."
,Recommended,251290,18925854,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Iridium,"I don't even know where to begin. I finished the game today and loved it enough to immediately want to write a review, but... frankly, I can't find the words. Let's start with the ending, perhaps: this is by far the best JRPG on Steam, and one of the best of all time.With that aside, let's gets down to business: this game is a direct sequel to another game on Steam entitled simply ""The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky"". You should absolutely not play this game if you haven't played the previous title first, because this game is an incredibly direct sequel to it. That game, henceforth ""FC"" (for ""First Chapter""), should prove to be a pretty decisive litmus test determining whether or not you'll like this game -- and if you're on the fence, know that SC has everything FC did well and more.As you should know from FC, there are a few things that will either make or break the game for a lot of people:-This is a turn-based game-This is a game from the mid-2000s-This game heavily involves anime-like aesthetics in its character and world designAnd if any of those things turned you off, SC won't really change them. If you're fine with all three of those things, though, then you're in for a real treat. SC is basically the perfect sequel to FC, expertly answering many questions FC asked and resolving a great number of personal conflicts, taking great pain to give character even to those who previously had little. The orbment system is drastically refined for the better, and while combat is largely the same, the greater focus on crafts makes it feel significantly more strategic. The game as a whole feels more challenging than FC even from the outset, but never to the point where it feels unfair -- at least, on Normal mode -- so that extra bit of strategy is necessary. Even the artwork is nicer and crisper than anything from FC, and the soundtrack is just as excellent as you'd expect from Nihon Falcom. And, of course, the localization -- the part that took four years, you might remember -- is just as high-quality as the excellence that was this game's predecessor, worth every second of effort XSEED and others put into it.To those who find no issue with the three points above, this game might well be one of the best things you ever play. In all my hours of playing the game (66, and not even on a completionist run), I only had two trivial issues: a somewhat slow prologue and enemies that feel a touch too bulky at two specific points in the game. Both of these things are fairly transient and do little to diminish the game's overall quality, which shines through at almost every other point.This game's predecessor released in English over four years ago. Ever since then, I've been waiting patiently for this title. Four years of hype, four years of expectations... and I'm the sort of person too prone to disappointment to ever get hyped for anything anymore. And with this game finished, it would be an understatement to say that I'm not disappointed. Every expectation I had was met, every bit of hype I had was exceeded, and this game will likely end up being one of the most satisfying experiences I've ever had. If you're reading this, you had the luxury of not waiting that long -- and you'll likely find the game even better for it.I give this game no less than the highest recommendation I possibly can. This game is the culmination of practically a decade of work between Nihon Falcom's development and XSEED's localization; I thank both of them, from the bottom of my heart, for the many wonderful hours I spent playing the game. My only wish now is that other people can share in the joy I felt while playing Trails in the Sky SC."
,Recommended,251290,18747393,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bash,"Pre-ReviewThis 'review' is aimed to help players interested in, but not yet resolved to buy the game, so to say it is notyeta complete review but I will definitely update it as I progress in the story.SummaryJust a quick overview of what I can already tell you.For this game, even more so than the first one - you will be reading. A lot. But even if you are not into reading I do advise this game to you, it may even change your opinion on the topic altogether.PositiveMediocreNegative+ Finally the conclusion~ definitely don't play it if you haven't finished FC+ NPCs welcome you home~ don't know if it's from my save file of FC+ Breathtaking locations (old and new)+ MORE loveable characters~ you still have to part with them at some points+ Improved Orbment -> more Arts+ More Crafts, especially Chain Crafts+ I found the 'moving' more useful~ is it just me?+ Extremely fun minigames+ Still beautiful art style~ and still old textures+ HD Portraits of characters in dialogues~ for important characters only+ Goosebumps music~ not the opening of FC~ no more all different chest-catchphrases+ Increased replay valueRecommendationIf you haven't played throughThe Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky (First Chapter)yet, don't consider playing this game either.Better head back there, read myreview;-), get this masterpiece of a game, play through it and then come back here!Seriously, this is in your best interest since this game is a direct spoiler to the first one, the best would be to not even watch the trailer andnotto go into the community hub of this game!If on the other hand you played through the first one and still couldn't get yourself to buy this one - then I don't understand you...Second Chapter takes off where FC left you and you will definitely feel right back at home in this game, the music is great as ever, the atmosphere takes you in and you want to keep playing until the end.In the first two hours I played the game it already brought me to the edge of tears and made me laugh out loud in front of my PC - just to convey some of the early feelings in the game.So do yourself a favor and grab it!And if that still couldn't change your opinion - you can defeat enemies with Estelle's cooking - I guess some Monsters would die to get a bite ;-)CombatYou can really tell they made an effort to improve the combat in this sequel and... they succeeded.If you read my review of FC you know about my opinion on turn-based combat and the combat in this series and they made me enjoy myself even more with the additions they made.OK, I'm not to sure on this one, this will need some confirmation ;-). I used the 'moving' in my first 12h more than in the 52h of playing the first one. Somehow it felt more useful and the delay until the next attack not so huge.At certain points 'moving' is the only logical move to make - to dodge an enemy's attack, get into the healing range of an AoE-heal or position yourself for your own AoE attack.I still have a slight problem with the mechanic of it, but then again I found it more useful.Secondly, the introduction of a brand new - fresh out of the Central Factory - Orbment, (check back my review of FC for explanations) which enables you to use more quartz resulting in higher stats and, more importantly, more arts to play with, turns diversity in combat up a notch.Last but not least due to your extensive training as a 'Senior Bracer' you acquire the ability to utilize a new, so-called 'Chain-Craft' which lets your party members join in an attack that grows stronger in range and damage the more combatants take part in it.Naturally you will also gain access to new 'normal' crafts for each bracer you get to add to your fellowship, as their levels increase.Additionally, as I already mentioned above - you can now use certain kinds of food to hit your foes with, with different damage and varying 'target systems' (if anyone knows a better word, tell me please), meaning if it will effect a circle around your enemy, a line outgoing from the point you are standing at, etc.Mini-GamesOh boy, I love minigames and they added some in this game, namely gambling and fishing.Of my first about 8h or so, about 1.5h were spend doing these activities.While gambling you can choose from a slot-machine, poker, black-jack and roulette.After exchanging some of your mira for medals, you can start in the fun of losing it to the bank again. Personally, I enjoyed poker the most (as I did not lose as hard there).For fishing, you will need a fishing rod, bait and obviously - a place to dip your pole into. Different combinations of all these factors will result in a different game (mostly location and bait, but without the right rod and line you can't utilize higher level bait), but stay focused not to let those slippery suckers get away.ThanksOn the one hand to Nihon Falcom who developed this series and on the other one, even more so to XSeed and Carpe Fulgur for putting in all the localization work including all the extras they made for us to enjoy and the great translation.Also, remember that it cost these companies a lot of blood, tears, sweat and the tiny thing that some people tend to forget - money. Well, we can't help much with all those body liquids but the latter one is something we can help them with.So don't be a cheapskate, get this game - full price - so that we all may enjoy wonderful localizations of this series to come.BugsQuite a few bugs already got fixed, for those still in the game read thisthreadto see how bad it still is and how to fix problems if you encountered some yourself.Personally, I didn't have any problems whatsoever.NoteAs this is a pre-review you might as well not do anything yet, since I will change the whole thing over but otherwise --I hope this review helped you in deciding to buy this game and if it did, I would be grateful for a 'thumbs up', if you didn't like it, you can give me a 'thumbs down' but I would be glad to hear your opinion on what you didn't like."
,Recommended,251290,32051035,Posted: 29 May,all,Bokxie,"I was planning to just write ''best game ever'' and leave it at that. But eh, knowing ol' Bokxie here, he isn't satisfied with just that.Actually, I am, but allow me to elaborate. There are few games out there that to world building and character development as well as this game (and the first game of course). This game does take it's time for that, but look past that and you have a masterpiece on your hand. Likewise, I also took my time because I wanted to see and know everything the world of Trails has to offer. Half of the game's dialogue is just optional world building, but I wanted to read them because it's done so well. And even though you revisit Liberl again in this game, it is not a repetitive and boring return. The sequel does enough to make Liberl a lively place yet again. And yeah, the characters in the first game return, and become even better in this game with more story behind them. Also a few new faces I definitely welcome.That is not to say the gameplay is lacking either. The gameplay is well done for a JRPG. Nothing that stands out from other JRPGs, but it is very engaging, and some of the boss battles in this game were some of the most intense I had in any JRPG out there. The OST also helped with that, setting the mood perfectly in whatever situation it demanded.I mean, I could go on and on, but I think I made my point clear. The only negatives I could come up with relate to personal preferences, like the game being long and taking it's time. If you do mind that, then maybe this isn't the game for you, and that's exactly what Trails in the Sky is: a masterpiece if you can appreciate it taking it's time to develop itself. If not well.. then I can't guarantee you'll like it. You can play the first game, which is also very good and while the games are directly related to each other, the first game's still has an ending for that game, though with a cliffhanger for the second game. If you enjoyed that game, you can always come back here and see if you want to play the game.I mean, I have played tons of JRPGs, and for over a decade Final Fantasy VI was my favourite game. And then suddenly this game comes along and aims to rob that place, with the both of them sharing the honour of being my favourite game now. I love this game to death, and even after finishing it I just wanted to continue. This game is wonderful, an experience I am glad I was able to play myself."
76561198019319990,Recommended,251290,18844631,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Admard,"This is a special game.Picking up right where the first chapter left off, Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky SC brings us back to the wonderful land of Liberl, and if feels just as vibrant and real as it did before.Much like the first entry, when analyzing the individual pieces that make up this game, it may not sound like a revolutionary experience.  But the level of detail and effort that is poured into the whole thing really elevates the experience into something far more than the sum of its parts.  Not only do the main characters change and grow in believable and appropriate ways as the story progresses but so too do hundreds, yes hundreds, of minor characters that populate the setting.  It’s the kind of storytelling that is only really available to games.  Trails in the Sky SC does it with style.While it may not change anyone’s mind about JRPGs as a genre, I wholeheartedly and unreservedly recommend the Trails in the Sky games."
,Recommended,251290,19525653,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Afezeria,"In Chapter 4, there is a segment of the story where, if you choose to visit the general store, you can spend a little bit of money to buy chocolate for your party members that have been staying up patrolling the whole night. This action does not change the course of the main story or unlock additional sidequests or equipment. It provides absolutely no benefit other than a couple of lines of dialogue.It is the little details like these, put into the game with the hearts of the developers, that are what makes Trails in the Sky SC amazing.Trails in the Sky is not an open world sandbox game, but the amount of effort put into the world and characters of the story is simply astounding. Your party members are a vibrant, well-developed cast of some of the most memorable characters you will meet, and a great deal of thought was put into each and every line of dialogue as the characters interact with each other, bringing their personalities to life. The NPCs which inhabit the cities and villages of Liberl are also lavished upon the same treatment, with almost all the NPCs having unique names and distinct personalities, down to even the airship crew and shop owners. And given that all of the NPC dialogue changes after each segment of the main story, you'll also be able to follow the little happenings in their daily lives. Yes that's right---most NPCs in the game have their own mini-storylines, a few which will tie into your Bracer Guild sidequests, but most which are just their to simply add life to the world.My favourite of these even spans multiple regions and games, involving the grandma of Rinon, your Rolent General Store owner, who wants to find a wife for her son. She eventually gives up on Rolent and travels to Grancel at the end of FC, to no success. On the airship back though, she meets Kitty, a tea seller girl from Edel Department store, who is on the way to Bose, and gets along quite well with her (while her sister rejoices at being able to take over as #1 tea seller). Well, thanks to the airships being grounded, Kitty ends up working at the store in Rolent, and Rinon while suspicious of his grandma, can't help but admire the girl's enthusiasm and hard work. Later, in Chapter 8 the wedding of a couple (whose story began in FC, and whose ring you retrieve on a sidequest in Chapter 4) takes place, and well, no points for guessing who catches the bridal bouquet.To anyone who loves a sprawling world with many secrets and lifelike characters, I can't recommend Trails in the Sky more."
,Recommended,251290,32593248,Posted: 20 June,all,Maria,"I just finished Trails in the Sky the 3rd after playing all three games - and while they're all fantastic, I have to say of the three Sky games that Trails in the Sky SC is my favourite. The characters are all incredible, the story is lovely, and the script writing is fantastic! The music, in my opinion, is the best in the whole Trails series. (Although the 3rd was a close second!)However, this may seem obvious but just in case - I recommend that you do not pick up Trails in the Sky SC unless you have beaten Trails in the Sky FC first, as it is the second half of a story and picks off immediately after the ending of FC."
76561198087733080,Recommended,251290,18809014,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sadistic Platypus for Trump,"it's been 3 days after release and i already have 33 hours on this game, I really need to get a life.11/10 worth every penny."
,Recommended,251290,18858306,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Vicky Kujikawa,"This game (as well as First Chapter since you can't separate the games) is one of the best JRPGs out there, not only in steam.If you like a really good-developed characters, really good plot, entertaining and dinamic turn-based combat system and really good OST, this is your game.TLoH: Trails in the Sky SC concluding the story arc of Liberl and the background and development of most characters. It improves/balances a bit the combat system and introduces new and great characters.Just play the game. Both FC and SC have a really good price and you will not regret it.I hope this game sells enough so XSEED can localize more of these games.PS: LOVE IS ETERNAL!"
,Recommended,251290,22513007,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,123,"A great follow up for the first game.This game not only met my expectations, it exceeded them. The turn based battle mechanics are easy to follow and understand, the game is rather well balanced(normal/hard difficulty), and the story is just great. I can guarantee you that once you start to play it, you will find it very hard to stop playing it.The game has crashed maybe once or twice in my two playthroughs, and there's little to no bugs. Every playthrough lasts for around 50-80hours. Trust me, you will not regret spending those time on this game. 1000 hours of game time speaks for itself.GET THIS GAME.  NOW."
76561198071427268,Recommended,251290,18753226,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Hooplah,"By far the best JRPG on Steam.Wouldn't be far off saying that this is the best dialogue/plot/characters I've seen in a JRPG in ages.Anyone who is a fan of JRPGs has to pick this up, trust me you will not regret it.I hesitated buying FC and now I am a huge fan."
,Recommended,251290,29851255,Posted: 11 February,all,Saibot,"If you're a fan of the series (or just of JRPGs in general), then The Legend Of Heroes: Trails In The Sky SC will offer you an intense Story sequel.I've played the first Trails in the Sky and was easily hooked up for straight 50 Hours and completed the Game to 100%. I Guess i will not do it on SC, but that doesn't mean its bad in any Case.Wonderful Soundtrack, Smooth Controlls, a bit lag spikes sometimes but not Gamebreaking for me and omg... So good!Enjoy a wonderful JRPG :)"
,Recommended,251290,18873995,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,xaerock,"Second Chapter follows the story directly where Trails in the Sky First Chapter ended. The game goes on a much grander scale in both story and battles, and does it well. You're expected to have have played First Chapter in many places and are rewarded for remembering small details.Like the first game SC has a bit of a slow start as it builds the world and backstory but really picks up and gets crazy later on.There's some small changes to the combat system with 'chain crafts', new spells and crafts but it's still very much the same. It's sort of like a grid-based strategy RPG battle system but simplified. However there is a lot of customizability to your characters and party and many ways to approach each battle. For environments the dungeon design is good and varied, especially later on.Unlike a lot of JRPGs there is almost no reason to grind enemies for experience. The experience gained from battles scales massively with your level so if you bring an underleveled character to a boss it might actually gain enough XP to go above the others.A big part of what made FC great for me was that the characters had a lot of personality and the dialogue was well written. In SC a lot of characters remain effectively the same and there aren't a ton of new ones you learn to know. But especially Estelle and Joshua have a lot of character growth as you might expect. At the same time you certainly get a lot of backstory on everyone as the story progresses.The music throughout the game is superb. Especially in the final areas of the game I was really awed by this. In my opinion it's a big part of what makes the game so good, as it's effectively switched around to set the mood.In general the game builds on all of the things I liked about the first chapter. As for a few (mostly minor) dislikes:I expected Second Chapter to be darker toned than the first. The 'secret society' tends to follow anime tropes and hide behind mystery rather than truly seem evil or do horrible things (with some exceptions). This is a matter of taste of course. I sort of preferred the political plotting of the first game and how the society appeared very sinister there. Speaking of anime tropes, the 'saved at the last second' thing is used so many times in SC that it gets pretty silly.I think the game could've had a little less of the same kind of content as First Chapter. Things like fetch quests walking around Liberl to progress the story. A playthrough of SC can easily take 70 hours. I wouldn't have minded it being some hours shorter and having less of the same from FC.In a way because of recycling many areas SC obsoletes FC content wise, which isn't necessarily a good thing. They're two halves of the same story, and the first half should still be fun to revisit after playing SC.The battle system is fun, but like First Chapter normal difficulty doesn't have many challenging encounters if you use all the tools at your disposal. While it's easy to make your own challenges by setting limitations you can't be expected to know which ones work well on your first playthrough.This is personal preference but being able to mindlessly beat certain bosses by repeating the same strategy draws me out of the story, so better difficulty options could make it more fun.Hard and Nightmare difficulty don't appear balanced without a New Game+ save file. Most people seem to agree that the final prologue boss is impossible to beat without getting a lucky pattern when starting a new save. Difficulties apart from normal were unlocked after beating the game once in the PSP version so it's not intentional but still unfortunate.Just like in First Chapter all animations in battles are still unskippable and watching them makes up a lot of time in a playthrough. I didn't mind the slow pace caused by this because the game is so good overall. But I'm sure it could get annoying, especially on repeat playthroughs.In short, if you enjoyed the first chapter this is a must buy. It's a bigger game that expands on the world and directly continues the same story bringing it to a satisfying end. The game is well paced without much filler and has an impressive endgame. The combat system is fun and tactical but on normal difficulty will not be particularly challenging for veterans of the first game. A great soundtrack brings the story and combat together nicely.For people new to the series I would still recommend starting with First Chapter, since SC assumes you remember what happens there without recapping it."
,Recommended,251290,18755675,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DesmaX,"It made me stop playing Disgaea 5 for a while, so that's quite an archievement"
76561198002485084,Recommended,251290,18871383,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Zaggitz,"This is the kind of game I wish I could have played as a kid, though if I did it likely would have spoiled most other JRPGs for me. World building and character development is second to none. The myriad insane ways it pays off the various threads set up in the first game are ambitious, risky, subversive, and most importantly, all pulled off without a hitch.Buying this on all 3 store fronts, I can't wait for more from this world."
76561198040343125,Recommended,251290,20074554,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,That's ich!,This game is10% Josh20% Estelle15% Kloe saving my♥♥♥♥♥5% Kevin50 % BasedAnd 100% Reason to play that gameRating: Olivier/10.PS: The Others were not forgotten.And now to wait for The 3rd.
76561197965156080,Recommended,251290,18846017,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bishop Cruz,"The second chapter of one of the greatest, and most underappreciated RPGs of its time. Had this game come out in the US during the RPG boom of the early-mid 2000s, it would be talked about in the same breath as games like Lunar, Grandia, Tales and the like. Sadly the game isn't as well known as it should be. If you like great characters, a fun old school plot, great turn based JRPG gameplay and the polish and worldbulding that Falcom is known for, then BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,251290,19029869,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Don Rumata En Regalia,"The sun, against its will, can dispel shadows cast by the staff—when the staff disappears with its light, what becomes of these shadows? Trails in the Sky Second Chapter completes this metaphor absolutely. Trails in the Sky 3rd, a bridge installment in the series, answers lingering questions for details/characters from FC and SC, but the most important conflicts and holes resolve by the end of SC, a massive Japanese adventure wargame. It's no coincidence that, going by interpretations of the Japanese name for this franchise (""Kiseki""), Trails in the Sky also means Miracle in the Sky. Falcom, back in the mid-2000s when they were juggling games like Ys Origin, Gurumin, and Xanadu Next within a tight schedule, released SC to finish a JRPG epic of local scale, one they needed to make when FC proved too little. XSEED's localization of this game, meanwhile,  approaches the miraculous, augmenting it with PC-exclusive improvements even long-time Kiseki fans in East Asia have been wanting. The only caution I must offer to series neophytes: try playing through FC before tackling SC (at worst you can read/watch an LP for the story). Much of SC's hidden story depth depends on you making connections with events and characters revealed in the prequel, and playing FC makes the process of learning all this more satisfying.I'll be direct about SC's flaws: accessibility + quality-of-life features are in limited supply, and new, non-East Asian players accustomed to refined menu systems could have a rough time playing SC (and FC to a lesser extent). Sara, the programmer for the Steam/GOG PC version, did a great job making SC's launch smoother compared with FC's, but perhaps it would have taken much too long to fix how you switch playable characters' equipment when in Camp mode. At every point in SC where you have too many characters to fit into your 4-member battle set-up, you need to manually reset party formation just so you can access non-party-mandatory characters' items and Orbments (personal instruments needed for casting magic/having stat bonuses during battle). This becomes tedious later on when your full party reaches 10 members and beyond. Falcom could have let you switch between every character instantaneously when at HQ areas! Then comparing equipment between characters and specializing your immediate party would be easier and faster, something that feels protracted in the final chapter but also earlier. I'll say the same for SC not giving you an Orbment Quartz to increase your in-game running speed. The reasons Falcom gives in-game for you not having fast travel are fine, but not providing a means of fast-ish travel when you want it is disappointing. Also, few if any of the in-game animations can be skipped, which drags out playtime more than necessary.The writing style in this game is predominantly like that of a play, where telling, not showing per se, is critical. I personally love the dialogue in FC and SC, as there's plenty of nuance to conversations and internal monologue for main characters. But more than a few characters wait around during the story for the right time and place to reveal more about themselves, which can seem evasive on the scenario writers' part. The gambit here is that Liberl is so multi-faceted that much of the kingdom and its characters needs description, then mystery. At no point did I ever LOL at the story Falcom's written here—I laughed with it for most of my playthrough, rarely feeling coddled. Other JRPGs would handle MCs and non-player characters like Joshua and Mirano in a ham-fisted manner. The level of emotional contrast and development of character relationships in SC is complex, yet never for complexity's sake. When death finally comes, it's only after you've gotten to know these characters so well, almost as if you were there in person alongside Estelle. All the while comedy in Trails in the Sky has both levity that stands out and implications of despair, landmines which bomb you into thinking deeply about what you've read. Those expecting darkness akin to stories like Berserk or Watchmen aren't going to find that here, but SC, within its trope and genre confines, runs a roller-coaster spectrum of introspection and plot twists bound to entertain and affirm its central theme of mutual redemption under powerful skies.Dungeons in this game aren't strong, though I can't say they're awful. Chapter 7 illustrates this by having a few new dungeons, half of which smartly adapt their region's characteristics into cool areas to explore, the other half being easy dull corridors. What is clever, though, is the final chapter remixing FC's last dungeon's concept, and that's not the only standout. There's generally a sense of history to dungeons both old and new in this game, which is essential.SC isn't a hard game, though unlike FC it's not easy-ish. Having a battle system where you can view, then manipulate turn order using stat buffs/de-buffs, the Move command, and effects like Faint and AT Delay makes for dynamic fights even against mob enemies in dungeons and on the overworld. There's more than a few challenging monsters to exterminate as a member of the Bracer Guild, and many ways you can beat the game using different party members. On top of the non-linearity found here, you're still a licensed vigilante after everything that happened in FC, so fulfilling side-quests is a helpful duty. You're encouraged to get as many Bracer Points in each chapter so you can earn items from the Guild, and the side-quests in this game are genuinely fun, developing many NPCs in detail other genre examples reserve only for plot-relevant individuals. Such a mix of battling mobs in new areas, doing exterminations for the Guild, fighting off members of the Society and their peons, and ultimately making a huge difference in the lives of Liberl's citizens helps you embody the game's heroes and their struggles. Chapter 8 has all of the above, in fact, yet still manages to avoid being formulaic due to things I cannot spoil. Formulas definitely persist throughout SC, particularly the monster-of-the-week plot structure defining the chapters between the prologue and your return to the Bose region—I don't think being a little predictable in that sense hurts SC, making but a mere nick.Those ragging on graphics might be ignoring Falcom's great art-style and world design here; same goes for elevating SC's music at FC's expense when both clearly play to strengths needed for their stories. SC's OST introduces many new context themes for cinema scenes, dialogues, and boss fights which heighten the adrenaline and gravity of so many plot and exploration sequences. Once again the series leitmotifs are in play, constantly renewing in the face of complacency just like the dramatis personae. I won't hesitate to proclaim the game's score as era-defining for the developers, though Ys Origin's music is more familiar over here. The graphics have aged, especially whenever you visits areas where backgrounds are large 2D backdrops meant to evoke space without crushing (presumably) under-powered PCs Japanese players used in 2006, but the Tetracyclic Towers and other places still impress. Monster designs here are underrated, ranging from benign to alien often even in earlier parts of the game; Art and Craft animations, though slow (and which can't be skipped, argh), are superb to watch, especially when you've just decimated an entire battle's worth of foes. Bugs aside, the optimized performance and engine scaling means anyone can enjoy SC the way they wish on most PCs, even toasters. Falcom, using their limited resources, did their best to invest reused content from FC with new dungeons/areas and even a few dramatic changes to centers like Rolent and Grancel. You'll be investigating every nook and cranny of Liberl in SC, such that each vista's implanted in memory.SC is honest, reverent Japanese-made video gaming, deserving its place in the limelight."
76561198050537674,Recommended,251290,18810147,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,dbowen,"I have been waiting on this patiently.  Painfully reading the XSEED forums for any nugget of information on SC.  I am so happy that its finally here and it does not dissapoint.  Story, gameplay, Graphics, Value.  It's all here.Support Xseed and let's get 3C here as well.  Bravo Xseed, bravo.  AS GOOD AS IT GETS."
76561198027182237,Recommended,251290,19289408,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ZanyZombie,"Ok....maybe I should actually write a serious review for a game for once...maybe...nope.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Second Chapter is a turn based strategy JRPG set in Liberl Kingdom, a smaller country in Zemuria (the continent that the Trails franchise is set in). SC is the second game of the series set in Liberl, so play the First Chapter first. You play as Estelle (yes, a female protagonist, and most definitely best one I have ever seen) just like in FC.This game paints one of the most developed fantasy worlds ever. Unique geopolitcs, history, resource production areas, pop culture, underground groups, etc all bundled into one game.The character interaction is stellar. I love watching the characters go through their struggles together, and learn from their interactions with one another. The NPCs all have their own story. They don't seem like just NPCs, but people that actually have a life and don't rely on the player characters so much to do everything. They travel around and react to different situations in the game. The villians have their own reasons to be the villian and not just ""because lel""In other words, people actually act like people instead of random anime tropes.The gameplay is pretty good. The battle screen uses a grid based system, where positioning matters. Staying close together increases your chances of taking AOE damage, but makes healing and buffing easier. The orbment system allows you to customize what your characters do... especially people like Estelle who have balanced orbment slot setup. Art casters (magic casters) became more balanced vs taking physical attackers than in FC, which were generally less powerful than art casters. Sidequests don't seem repetitive (except a very certain thief), and can range from monster hunting to helping a guy impress a girl by keeping sober while drinking lots of alcohol... (don't ask.) The most important part of the sidequests is not the content, but that the sidequestsactually develop the characters, the people who gave the quest, and the world around them,instead of silly fetch quests and ""Save my family!""The music brings it all together. Falcom Sound Team jdk really does do an amazing job at creating music that fits into the themes and feeling of what is going on.And of course, we can't forget the localization team that brought this game to the West. Hats off to XSEED for pushing through a project that was cursed by Murphy's Law, and delivering an amazing localization.Buy this game right now.It is absolutely worth it at $30. The game will probably take 80-120 hours depending on how much extra stuff you do and difficulty level. Even then, replayability level is very high as you can go back and find the all the little hints that led up to the end, and man, Nightmare mode in this game is pretty difficult, so it's a fun challenge."
,Recommended,251290,18859891,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,melizhang,"A game like nothing other, don't let the JRPG outlook fools you, it bears one of the best storyline and dialogue and characterization among RPGS of the decade. And the localization. Man, if anything, please at least try this game for the localization works, it's just a hidden gem."
,Recommended,251290,20069923,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"With the cliffhanger FC left off on, it goes without saying that SC has a lot to say in the terms of story and characters.To say SC is a lengthy game, is a bit of an understatement. SC's average run will probably be around 70-80 hours give or take.What SC excels in is building upon the first titles gameplay in pretty much every sense. Party management, character skills, and it's turn based combat have all had tweaks and updates in SC. It's as addictive and enjoyable as ever, with the added bulk of choosing from a bigger selection of part members as the game goes on.However, Some of the games story elements leave me a bit impartial to it when compared to FC.I don't exactly agree with the games pacing either, which gives a prologue/tutorial that overstays it's welcome for returning players.Once the game builds up it becomes appearent that most of the game is running across FC's world in an opposing direction with additions of previously sealed off areas, this could be a turn off for some, but I managed to enjoy it regardless.In short:It's a good lengthy follow-up to FC, I'll just be the odd one out in saying I enjoyed FC more."
,Recommended,251290,30018638,Posted: 18 February,all,Dirdle,"Combined with the previous chapter, this is one of the absolute best games I've ever played. Gorgeous soundtrack, an aesthetic that has resisted aging, and a plotline that stays engaging throughout, along with a basically grind-free gameplay arc and some really interesting mechanics - these things are all well and good, but it's the writing (and localisation!) that take the crown. For a jRPG villain to monologue usually means switching off your brain for five minutes while they babble some incoherent Babby's First Negative Utilitarianism half-baked philosophy, and conversely the heroes' response is typically pretty vacuous as well. Not so here, to say the least. And in every scene, there'll be some character saying something that's just *phrased right*, in some hard to define way, and it makes you smile or laugh or cry along with them.This game takes the jRPG genre's flaws - edgy protagonists with dark pasts, settings that seem confused about whether to be sci-fi or fantasy, daft plotlines that take forever to get anywhere - and doesn't so much refute them as forgive them, accepting that they're going to do those things and then showing how they can be done right and more than right. Given that this is also in a sense a large part of what happens in-game, I think it's safe to call this one of the great reconstructions.It's not often you see a game this good. Play this series."
,Recommended,251290,19108785,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,astray1202,"Trails in the sky second chapter is one of the best JRPGs that I ever had the chance to play. I recommend this game to every JRPG fan....unless you REALLY hate text. This game has a lot of dialogues, it always flow exceptionally well but If you don't like text, go see some gameplay footage before buying the game. The dialogues are always good to read, they're never meaningless and are very well written. They make you laugh and sometimes you feel the need to shed a tear.This game focus heavily on story and character development but even if you're not interested in theses you may find Trails in the sky sc to be one of your favorite games thanks to it's gameplay. I think the trails's series gameplay is awesome. This game use the same battle system than the first chapter and makes it even better. The heavier emphasis on crafts (rather than arts) makes regular battles faster. For those of you who are unfamiliar with Trails in the sky's battle system, it's a turn by turn battle system that takes place on a field in which you can move your characters. You have to consider both you positioning and the time bar that indicates when comes your turn to succeed. It's a solid system that requires the use of careful planning. Don't worry tough, the game's difficulty is well balanced and if you found it too hard or too easy, you can always change the game's difficulty settings.I recommend anyone who haven't played the first game to play it before playing this one as sc's story begin the day after fc's ending. I won't spoil the first game just in case. I don't think anyone ever disliked Trails in the sky's story. It is at worst good. I personally think the story is amazing. Far better than theses confusing and complicated stories that makes no sense. If you're expecting a revolutionary story, you're at the wrong place. Trails in the sky's story is simple yet excellent and it's better that way. The game have some really good plot twists and the way the story is presented to you makes it even better. If you're a fan of good stories, this is a must have and I'm sure the story will please you and you'll end up thinking like me that this story could only be surpassed by the trails games to come.Story and gameplay are top-notch but sometimes, you need you take a break from all that non-stop greatness. It's at theses time that you can fish, take a look at the casino or take on some sides quests and there are a LOT of side quests. If you're tired of side quests, you can read the in-game news or read an in-game novel. Yes there are in-game novels and they are very good. What you'd expect from Trails in the sky. There are three sets of books in sc (don't forget to check out the embassies). One of theses sets is only obtainable by talking to npcs. What!! Talking to npcs? That's boring! may be what you're thinking right now but worry not. Talking to npcs IS fun in this game. They each have their own stories. Not always relevant to the main plot and the writing in this game make dialogues flow very well. This game should serve as a model for JRPGs to come. Hopefully, it will sell well and the future installments will be localized. There is one thing that I forgot to mention higher and this may be what will make you like the game the most, The soundtrack. It's a Falcom game! Do I need to say anymore? In case I do, In my opinion, this game has one of the best soundtracks ever created. I particularly like fateful confrontation and silver will which sound greater than ever when they play in-game. This game is a masterpiece that will keep you occupied for at least 60 hours and there's a new game plus option. In case you were wondering about replayability. You can choose between numerous characters to make a party of four. Each of them having different dialogue. You also have a choice to make early on between two characters that will accompany you during half the game.If you haven't played the first game, I urge you to go play it. If you have played the first game and still aren't sure whether or not to buy this one then you should know that this game practically take everything FC did and makes it better. If you liked this game than you should try to play the other game of the series At the date I'm writing this, the only games available to us non-Japanese speakers are The Trails in the sky duology(Yes, I did say duology. The 3rd chapter is more like a bridge to future games and isn't needed to finish the trails in the sky duology). The cold steel games which are part of the same series should come out soon  (2015 for cold steel 1 and 2016 for cold steel 2)."
,Recommended,251290,22786606,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Spookvan,"Very nice continuation of the First Chapter; do NOT play this game until you've finished The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. You will be hopelessly lost without prior knowledge of characters and locations from the first game, and wiki summaries are simply not enough to bridge the gap.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Second Chapter (or Eiyuu Densetsu: Sora no Kiseki SC in weebspeak) is quite simply one of the best games I've ever been sucked into. It's not perfect, but it comes close in pretty much every area.The gameplay is as refreshing as ever; the battles are still on a tactical grid, where you and your enemies take turns to attack each other (and depending on how fast you are, you can potentially take multiple turns before your opponent even moves your way). However, there were several features added to the Trails in the Sky battle system.The addition of combo crafts, where you and your whole party can gang up and wreak havoc on enemies is a fun feature, though outclassed towards the end of the game.New spells are also available for use; if you detested Lt. Lorence spamming Silver Thorn on your♥♥♥♥♥ you can now do the same to those annoying monsters blocking your path, among other great spells.The overworld has a few minigames to help melt the time away, such as a casino and fishing. Fishing's especially something to note, since there's an achievement tied to it, if that's your thing.Additionally, XSEED's even taken some PSP-exclusive content and backported it to the PC version. One of those features won't be seen until the end of the game, but it's worth the wait.However, the overall story lacks a bit, especially when compared to FC's gradual but well-tempered buildup. Excluding the Prologue, every chapter from Chapter 1 up to and including Chapter 5 is rather formulaic in nature; strange happenings in a province lead to Estelle and friends investigating them, only to find out that an Ouroboros Enforcer is behind it all.The game picks up pace during Chapters 6 and 7, but leaves you at a pretty bad drop during Chapter 8 (which I can honestly say was my least favorite chapter in all the Trails games I've played, gameplay-wise). The Final Chapter more than makes up for the tedium of Chapter 8, however, and wraps up Estelle and Joshua's story very cleanly.Speaking of which, the characters and dialogue in SC are top notch; while the plot may be  predictable at times, the characters more than make up for the lacking moments.Party members receive actual character development, and characters you may have despised in FC have a chance at redemption; Agate comes to mind easily.Additionally, new characters enter the fray, and they're just as good as the established characters; Kevin Graham, for one, is absolutely phenomenal in all the right ways.Again, the dialogue flows naturally, and outside of one very, very small encounter in Zeiss, I couldn't help but eagerly read every line of dialogue that popped up. Even NPCs are relatively lively, which you might not expect from JRPGs; I've seen others where town NPCs get a single flavor line at best.Lastly, the quality of the game is just perfect; I haven't encountered any technical issues at all, despite the somewhat troubled localization process.It even works quite well using Wine and/or WineSkin, if you're using Linux or OSX.Here's to Trails in the Sky the 3rd, Trails of Cold Steel II, and hopefully Zero/Ao no Kiseki!"
,Recommended,251290,23604321,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Combo,"Joshua you stupid idiot, why are you so dumb.10/10 best game ever, when's the 3rd?"
,Recommended,251290,24053167,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Werzell,"Trails in the Sky, such an epic adventure.I played this game on hard mode and the gameplay was quite challenging and satisfying.I love the amount of freedom offered thanks to the orbal art system in combination with the variety of party members, I had a spent a lot of time changing party members and reconfiguring my orbal setup.Have you played Trails in the Sky FC? If yes, then what are you waiting for?If you haven't; do you like JRPG's? If you do like JRPG's, you should try playing Trails in the Sky."
,Recommended,251290,24191252,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Comancee,"What a game. Really.By that I mean two games, because theres FC (First Chapter) and SC (Second Chapter). Both monsters of games in their own right. I spent around 50 hours on both, to total about 100 hours. I can't say I enjoyed every moment. The game is paced pretty slow and the combat isn't very in-depth.But nonethless I played to the end of both. FC made me want to keep going the whole way through, while SC you see the old dungeons revisited and repurposed. In the end I ended up being WAY too overleveled and skipped through most of the fights (which actually speeds up the game, which is nice). But still the story in SC takes a long time to really pick up steam.At about half way into SC I wanted to just finish. Once I got to the ending sequence of events (last 2-3 chapters) though, I didn't want to stop playing. The story ended fantastically and really makes the whole journey worth it.Suggest you pick it up if: you like JRPGs, you are dedicated to a good story, and like turn-based combat."
76561198146894550,Recommended,251290,24295004,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CrazyEhHole,"Truly an amazing game. One of the most immersive and story driven RPG's iv'e ever played. over 100 hours in and i wish it was 100 hours longer!PROS:- fantastic character development- Great soundtrack- Deep, rich and well written story- Orbment system is well thought out and implemented.CONS:- Combat is fun, but i found myself wishing there was more abilites to choose from- Although story is well written, It's been done before- While characters are well fleshed out, you've seen these ""archetypes"" beforeTo be honest, i'm nit picking with the cons....I'd reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,251290,19260215,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SWEETLEMONHOPE,"Before anything else, I cleared the game in around 50 hours (a bit rushed) but did so offline. That should explain my playtimeThis game is what I call a proper sequel, it jumps straight to where the last game ended and spares no second to throw you in it's plot. You visit the same places and talk to the same people, however, the circumstances are different. The game gives off the feeling of continuity that a lot of sequels fail to live up to, an environment that progresses along with the player.Having just recently finished LoH♥♥♥♥♥♥FC, the intro of SC was gratifying for me in the sense that I immediately get to jump to exactly where I left off, no vague introductions, direct to the point I've been craving for. After the rush of familiarity settles, you quickly become oriented to the world that you've already explored. You're confident that you know every nook and canny, you're ready to sprint and blaze through the game...but not so fast Mr. Sonic the Hedgehog. Although the map is still technically the same, the quests will push you in places that were inaccessible before. This gives the Liberl the aura of authentic reality, just because you can't go somewhere doesn't mean it doesn't exist, it's a world that you happened to explore not a world that happened because you're exploring it.Plot-wise, a lot foreshadowing pays off and more of those questions are answered although not all. This game may fall short in novelty in terms of the ""first time"" adventure experience (since you've already been here) but it doubles your vision, letting you see the bigger picture as your role increases in relevance to the events you couldn't affect before, hence giving you the satisfaction from all your hard work in the previous title.The battles are harder but you and your friends are stronger. Having more skills, orbment patterns, and party members really gives you the creative freedom to develop your own fighting style. Thanks to these upgrades, you can try multiple ""builds"" to tackle bosses using your own personal style. It also gives you more reason to leave no chest unturned and no monster unslayed.Characters are as lovable as ever, though not all get the equal amount of spotlight they had during the FC, but they don't fade into the background either. Your choices on whom your party is made up of greatly affects the important and minor dialogues, this really increases the game's replay value as well as giving the player a personal touch on how to influence the flow of the story. You can really explore each character's personality in-depth in this game compared to FC. Their uniqueness really shines as their responses to different situations vary greatly (depending on who's on your party) PLUS, they don't just randomly speak up they actually interact with the rest of your party which leads to some of the funniest moments in RPG I've ever witnessed, all the more reason to replay and mix up your party.The game feels faster than the first for me, maybe because of the sense of urgency in the plot that doesn't give a lot of room to breathe, but don't let that fool you, though there may be less ""official"" grace periods, you still have plenty of time to finish every quest and simply explore the world. Personally I was just so engulfed by the story that I really felt it was a rush against time and blazed my way through the game because I wanted a happy resolution ASAP. Eagerly looking forward for my replay as I'll surely take it slow next time around. I hope XSEED works on the Third Chapter, having things end here might just give me blue-rpg-balls.If you need any more opinions about the game, just ask the NPCS, I'm sure they'll give you a piece of their individual minds."
,Recommended,251290,32657210,Posted: 22 June,all,ilintar,"As the name suggests, the sequel to Trails in the Sky. Even better and more complex than the first part, which is actually saying a lot. If you played and enjoyed the first part, this is an absolute must-play. If you didn't, go play the first part, then come back for this."
,Recommended,251290,18789156,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Reaper Hack,Falcom and Xseed BRING ALL THE GAMES TO STEAM! I WILL BUY THEM ALL!! THESE GAMES ARE AWESOME!
,Recommended,251290,18750565,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shadowslayer,"If you've been waiting to play because the plot isn't finished, well wait no more! This is a great game that continues the story and gives a satisfying conclusion. (The Third Chapter is basically an epilogue) If you liked the first one, the second is more of the same goodness."
,Recommended,251290,18756095,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SinisterSlay,"Trails in the Sky SC is the second chapter in the series.The game starts off right where the first left off.  Exactly where it left off.  Estelle has been dumped and she is confused and refuses to believe it.While searching for her lost friend she will again meet many new people and some old favorites.The attention to detail in this game is apparent.  Very few glitches in the launch version.  Maybe the odd text glitch like a missing space here and there.  No big deal really.  If you loved the first game, you will love this game too.  It's basically the same style dungeons and combat.  Combat has slightly evolved in that now you can chain combos together which gives a nice option for those time when you need to hit a few enemies, do burst damage, or just manipulate the turn order to line yourself up for a critical hit.Even the opening ""Training"" dungeon is quite large and the early bosses can be somewhat challenging.  So you will really feel like your resuming a grand adventure rather than starting a new one.I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed the first game.  It's well worth the price.  You won't regret it, I promise."
76561198001153999,Recommended,251290,25109323,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,NightCz,"If you're looking at the store page for the second chapter it means you've played the first chapter and completed the game.what else to say than to go buy and finish the second chapter! trails in the sky is really one of the best franchise of JRPG i've played and story is just the biggest reason why i've been a hardcore RPG player. The story is just sooo good... it's too good that i can't wait for the third chapter to get released.the other reason to buy the game is you'll be pushing the localization for the third chapter of the game. if you're not gonna buy now, there's a small possibility the localization will get delayed and possibily cancelled... and unless you can understand japanese, it'll be one of those game that you'll never get to know the ending..... so cmon buy the bloody game"
76561197984512206,Recommended,251290,28560693,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Knack2Baybee,Super underrated JRPG series.Definitely one of the better series of the last 5 years when it comes to delivering a well told story with great characters to fall in love with. It's all the more impressive considering all the groundwork laid 10 years ago when you play your way through the latter games in the series.Musing about most of the recent JRPG releases for me personally this probably just about comes a little behind Persona 5.
76561198170719755,Recommended,251290,30865374,Posted: 31 March,all,bestsymuri,This game has the best story ever
76561198061490509,Recommended,251290,23646857,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,swhussain1,Incredibly immersive and addicting game.  Definitely have to play the first installment.
76561197991223545,Recommended,251290,19302512,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SunnyD5,"The Trails in the Sky duology are the best RPGs of all time.If you want to get lost in a the purest jRPG experience, then this is the game for you.  No, I am not talking about lame anime trope nonsense like tsunderes, schoolgirls, or any of that garbage. I am talking about: well-writen characters that provide fun dialogue, an insanely deep storyline that keeps you entertained all the way through, and a plot that ties between both games smoothly while wrapping up nicely.I wish I can tell you how great the stories and characters are without spoiling any of it but it's just something you have to play for yourself. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to enjoy it to the fullest.It's a masterfully crafted video game and we are blessed to have the best localization possible thanks to XSEED.Battle-wise, it's easily one of the greatest turn-based combat systems out there because of how fun your strategic options are. Position is important for optimal plays, buffing allies actually makes a difference rather than being a minor nusiance and the same goes for debuffing. And lastly, its customization option makes anyone and everyone a fun and viable character. Everyone has a place in the party, in terms of both the story and party composition. Unfortunately, the battle speed IS a bit on the slow side but that shouldn't turn you off completely.In terms of content, this is by no means a grinding game. I spent 87 hours on this game and this was all for the story, doing sidequests, and exploring every nook and cranny for all of the possible secrets in the game. All of those hours spent was pure fun and not because I was grinding my characters up, getting lost in a dungeon, or retrying difficult boss fights over and over again. But that's just me being crazy in love with this game, anyone else can beat it in probably even half the time if you really wanted to.Like I said, this is one of the best jRPGs of all time. It shares a lot of good traits as Xenoblade Chronicles so if you've played that, then you'd love the Trails duo. Please give this game a try or recommend it to a friend so we can support XSEED, Falcom, and more masterpieces like these coming over to us!"
,Recommended,251290,22404254,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Flame-X,"This is by far the best JRPG I've played in recent years. Trails in the Sky FC was pretty much the appetizer of the trilogy, but here is the real meat of the story. The game starts right after that heartbreaking cliffhanger from the first game, so obviously it's absolutely required you play FC before SC, otherwise nothing will make sense to you.I think Trails in the Sky SC's biggest strength is definitely the writing. It's a surprisingly well thoughtout world, richly developed and lovable cast of characters, and memorable story that will reward you with a satisfying JRPG experience. I would even go as far as saying it's better than any of the Final Fantasy or Tales of franchise I played. Although the characters are pretty much your standard anime or Japanese game character archetypes, each one is fleshed out and executed well. The interactions between characters are gold, especially anything involving Estelle and Oliver since they add comedic value. While I can't say much about SC's storyline due to avoiding spoilers, if you thought FC's story was great, well you're in for one hell of a ride. FC took me around 20 hours to beat, SC took me 60 hours. Just let that sink in. Yes, the story has a few extra layers added but it's not overly complicated as long as you pay attention.The gameplay is the same as FC but with some improvements to the turn based battle system. I really liked the addition of chained special attacks which let's you use multiple characters attack at once. More artes have been added and crafts upgraded for stronger effects. Other than that, just expect FC's gameplay.I would describe the visual to be modernized retro style graphics you see in playstation rpg games, except a lot sharper. You can tell the production values just by looking at it and the presentation. Let's not forget the wonderful soundtrack. It adds a perfect level of immersiveness invoking a spectrum of emotions on certain scenes of events.Lastly, I really have to give props to XSEED for their amazing efforts in localizing SC. They released the game not out of business/profit priority, but labor of love. And double props to them for announcing the final game of the trilogy that's currently in the works. While SC can be seen as the finale story, there are some loose ends that will be resolved in the 3rd chapter (I hope). So once the 3rd chapter is up for pre-order, I'll immediately snatch that up paying full price showing my support just like how I did with FC and SC. Thank you XSEED for letting me experience such a magnificent game.Normally, I don't replay JRPGs as much, but this is worth going through the 2nd time. Overall, Trails in the Sky SC gets my highest recommendation for any RPG players out there."
,Recommended,251290,19914343,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pfhor,"I have some things to say about this game, not all positive, but do keep in mind it is definitely a great RPG and a mostly-worthy followup to FC despite its faults. There might be mild spoilers in this review.I wasn't a big fan of all of the story threads this game introduced. The first game had a cunning and scary villain who puts together a grand conspiracy, and even though it doesn't give you all the answers up front it gave you enough motivation to want to stop him. In SC, there are too many bad guys and their characterization is hit and miss. They are just doing Bad Stuff that seems mostly isolated in each chapter and you have to stop them. And even when you do stop them it was just ""part of their plan"", which is a common thing on both moral sides in this game. It's really silly how many times something happens that seems like a pro for your party but turns out it was just part of the bad dude's plans, or part of Estelle's dad's plan, the game overuses this trope so hard. It also overuses the whole ""bad guy is about to [actually kill] someone but then someone shows up and saves them at the last minute"" trope. Maybe the first game had these issues as well, I don't remember being so annoyed by it. Overall the chapters are hit and miss, as are the villains, and the overarching story doesn't really come together in a very satisfying way like the first game does.What the game does have is a really great arc for most of its main characters. Estelle and Joshua shine throughout, there's some great sisterly conversations between Estelle, Kloe, and Scharz, and overall the game does a great job of giving you a lot of party members you care about. It's actually kinda disappointing you can only pick 4 of them at a time,  as the game is really good about giving your optional party members dialog and you miss out on a lot of it. That's a good problem to have, honestly, given how rote a lot of RPG party members can be. Even when the overarching narrative gets drab at times, the main characters really carry this story and ultimately make it worthwhile.The combat remains strong...though the more powerful nature of the quartz you get in SC compared to the first means that it is much easier to trivialize the combat by the end of the game. The whole experience could have been about 15 hours shorter, there's so much combat for the sake of combat towards the end. Chapter 7 has a bunch of boss battles that seem ultimately pointless (and are indeed lampshaded as such by the characters). The world of Liberl is still an amazingly detailed place to run around in, which is good because you will sure be doing a lot of backtracking in the main story. What makes the backtracking more bareable is that the game is really good about changing the NPC dialog based on stuff that has happened in the world, which makes it nice to just walk around talking to random people. Graphically the game is of course fairly primitive, but it's still very good at making each environment unique, and the final area of the game is amazing.This game doesn't make good on all of the promise of FC's amazing cliffhanger ending, but it's still a stunningly crafted RPG world with great main characters. If you've played FC I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,251290,28023546,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,I love the lag,"Short version of the review:  If you hate JRPGs, slow-paced JRPGs or non-action games, play something else.  Otherwise, if you can get past a bit of rust you can enjoy a very well explored, lengthy setting with good customization and competent combat that has related titles still releasing as of 2016.  There isn't much in the genre that can compete with this series in terms of scope, interconnectivity and character development.  This game also taught me that force-feeding your angriest friend tomato sandwiches will allow them to kill anything.Long version of the review: This recommendation comes with a few caveats: First, play the first chapter first.  If you didn't make it through that, you definitely won't make it through this.  In a more general sense for the series, Trails in the Sky is a very long trilogy with a sort of plodding pace to it and antiquated system- if you even have to ask if that's your thing, it probably isn't.  This is a game that nearly made the localizer nearly kill himself, it's got more text than more books and if you want to do more than scratch the surface you can expect a playtime approaching mine.SC continues on almost exactly where the first chapter left off- both plotwise and mechanics-wise.  They quickly update you on what's changed in what is actually one of the more cut-throat tutorials I've ever seen.  I don't recommend starting on hard like I did, and I strongly urge no one to start on nightmare- you will be stuck a long while grinding and possibly crying in the prologue if you do.The game eventually expands into a partially de-lineated JRPG wherein the sidequests and talking multiple times to everyone is the focus.  Completing the sidequests is for the most part worth your time, as it gives much needed money and equips which random encounters do not provide, a great deal of dialogue and sometimes insight into the setting.  Some of the objectives to maximize quest rewards are pretty obtuse, and even missing talking to a single person between important plot points can be a serious frustration.Trails in the sky is fairly well seperated into ten chapters with either a different focus on geographical location or situation.  While there is a lot of re-used assets from the first game, part of the appeal is the familiarity mixed with some of the new stuff, and continuing relationships with the characters your character strives to protect.  Given the sheer volume of quests, lack of auto-travel and length of the game, however, you may be inspired to take breaks.  I certainly did.The combat in this game was fairly novel for its time way back in 2003, but runs into limitations when being pushed.  Eschewing turn-based combat for delay-based actions makes speed and numbers relevant, but also hyper-relevant.  When the game robs you of party members or ambushes you or surrounds you, your options are very limited and generally you're going to be relying on luck.  While this can be nice and tense and result in memorable fights, once you get down a character or two you're probably just waiting to die.  On the harder difficulties, cheese is kind of mandatory, especially since grinding isn't really an option.  There's a bit of depth in how one, say, spams the equivlent of limit breaks known as S-Crafts, since they generate a lot of delay, but once your game plan is set you generally stick to it.Orbments (Basically a fancy magic pocketwatch with replaceable magic stones), equipment and character selection do allow for some interesting customization, but a lot of the more interesting options are only provided if you keep up religiously with sidequests.  Towards the end of the game however, it's easy to realize that most of the gems fall into certain colours and that due to the action economy there's a few must-haves for act time that you can't really live without that your options almost become more limited.  Customization is also fraught with complications like leaving your good gems with characters that leave temporarily or just the fact that you can't unequip everyone at once (or equip them if you get them during a cutscene/fight).  Being able to save anywhere and the sheer number of slots available help alleviate this, however.The closest thing to a crafting component to the game is the cooking system.  Food is obnoxiously powerful and generally much more economical than any equivelent items once you fork out an initial investment.  I personally love incongruous attack item spam in these sorts of games, so being able to defeat many early and difficult encounters by throwing stale cookies and meatballs at them was very enjoyable for me.  For a long time there are logistical concerns about what food you bring and cook, but towards the end of the game it's fairly trivial to make a few dozen tomato sandwiches and shove them down your character's gullets until everything is dead.  Even the rather terrifying optional battle was won through liberal use of tomato sandwiches with a side of cheese.On the subject of cheese, the villainous elements of the game tend to fall on the cartoonish side.  This isn't exactly strange for the genre, and it's called out by the much more well-rounded player character cast to some degree, but some of the dialogue is so flamboyant it'll make you roll your eyes around and around.  There's plenty of other goofiness and sort of misplaced levity at times, but given that the main characters are teenagers and the localization is pretty well done I'd say it's not really out of place.  There's some good dialogue, a tremendous number of characters and unique lines, consistent characterization including growth and reaction to different events over time... when you build a comparable relationship to any given airship engineer that you'd expect to build with the Yarl of Whiterun in Skyrim, you know they've got something a bit special.  It's on a level that isn't easily matched in terms of concurrent narratives that you can explore, and that's pretty rad.  It just takes a lot of time, is all.Graphics are dated but serviceable.  Lack of camera rotation and re-used tiling in certain places can be a pain, and it's part of the generation of JRPGs that loaded in long♥♥♥♥♥spells and special moves to show off that particle effects were a thing.  Very little looks outright bad or indistinct, and some of the monster animations and designs are so bizarre they manage to come off as horrifying.  The cutscenes are pretty good for their time however, and have excellent detail and fairly good length the odd time they show up.  The final cutscene in particular is very elaborate, and I appreciated how it conveyed the scope of the aftermath of the conflict.The music is incredible as always- it's Falcom.  Problems arise from the fact that the number of tracks don't really match the game length- as much as I love the combat theme, they needed a bit more variety, especially since a lot of themes are variants of ""The Whereabouts of Light"" or ""Golden eyes, Silver Will""- while I love variants and leitmotifs, more was needed.In summary, there aren't a lot of games that can match the scope of this duology and its continuation beyond simply because of breadth of content, depth of optional storylines and relationships with characters and customization options.  The tone is a bit juvenile and anime, but if you want something heartwarming and intricate it certainly has its moments.  If you wanted to sink a hundred hours plus into an old-fashioned JRPG series, I'd probably point you here first, and for that this game and its predecessor has my approval.  Looking forward to The 3rd."
,Recommended,251290,27781847,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lowto,"A fine example of a great JRPG. Good storytelling with immersive world to explore, very diverse and interesting NPCs as companion. The battle systems are quite challenging, but no insane grinding required here. Though it is quite tedious if you hunt for achievements.This one follow the adventure from the first chapter, so you should play both of them."
,Recommended,251290,18899222,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LongTimeNoSiege,"This is hands-down one of the best games ever made. It's certainly the best JRPG available on Steam in English right now. If  you don't own it yet and you have any interest in the genre, or in stories with meticulously detailed and expansive world building that is essentially unrivaled in the medium, then you shouldn't be passing this series up."
,Recommended,251290,24393240,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Guy Gamer,"Having played the Original on PSP I was relieved to hear we were getting the sequel on PC so we'd get a chance to continue the story of Estelle, Joshua, Agate, Olivier and the others.  The 2nd entry didn't disappoint!  This entry is really a coming of age story for Estelle and Co. as we follow there stories to becoming elite Bracers.  Each character is developed whole in the sequel opposed to just focusing on Estelle.  I really enjoyed this and feel like it made the Universe that much richer.  The down side to this was I felt it tripped up the pacing a bit as I feel like the 1st one flowed a bit better and didn't care much for the new character Father Kevin.  He's not bad per se but didn't really add anything of real value to the crew IMO but it looks like we'll learn more about him in the 3rd entry!If you enjoyed the 1st one I think you'll really enjoy this game as well.  As they both stand on their own feet and add value while both having great stories.  If you plan on playing this game and haven't played the 1st... I'd advise going back and playing the 1st entry before this.  It's very much a sequel and things won't make a ton of sense a lot at times if you start off cold on the 2nd entry.Overall 9/10 experience!"
,Recommended,251290,29701155,Posted: 4 February,all,Piersen,"Trails in the Sky SC is an outstanding continuation of the story of the first chapter and in many ways improves on almost  all aspects of its predecessor.If you've already played and liked Trails in the Sky and saw the ending, my only words for you are to do yourself a favor and do what you should already know you must do.If you're thinking about trying out Trails in the Sky games in general and you like any of the following:- oldschool JRPGs- interesting turn based battle systems- catchy and epic soundtracks- Studio Ghibli movies (some parts give off really strong Miyazaki feel)- characters who outgrow the cliches of their stereotypes, whom you grow to love  and whose plights leave you at the edge of your seat- well crafted stories that seem simple, add a lot of complexity as they go and yet never loose their focus- stories that are lighthearted most of the time but can also get surprisingly dark- love stories you want to end happily and that don't get in the way of the plot- lively fantasy worlds to explore, where even unimportant NPCs have their own personalities and little stories and sidequests...then I think you should enjoy Trails in the Sky. A lot. A lot a lot."
76561198025542782,Recommended,251290,23210899,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Liquidus,"Frankly one of my favorite games in my library. A complete call back to the classic JRPGs of the mid-90s, Trails in the Sky easily belongs in the same category as Final Fantasy V, VI, and Chrono Trigger. It's got a well-detailed world, individual NPCs who almost all each have their own name (if they don't all), memorable music, fun characters, and an excellent storyline for the genre. Combat is turn-based with tiles, giving it the tactics sense where you position characters to avoid enemy attacks, and knock enemies around to maximize area attacks. If you think more JRPGs need to be on Steam, then get this game to say so.As a side note, I level grinded for maybe 20 minutes total at the end of the game, so that really is 70+ hours of just gameplay, exploration, and side quests."
,Recommended,251290,23852280,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ottisbuns,"I'll be honest this is probably my favorite game of all time.ILOVEthe characters, the story is good, the gameplay is interestingI spent way too much time fiddling with my orbmentsand the ending is... feelsy. (I love it)The voice acting is great at the times that its there (Only in combat) but i really wish there was more.Do i think you should buy this game and its prequel?♥♥♥♥ yes!Partly because of depending on the success of those games the chance of getting more games from this series increases and partly because its a great damn game.My main complaint about the game as of writing moment, is that it ends. I WANT MORE DAMNIT!"
,Recommended,251290,18865064,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rory Rides Me Raw,"Wahhey, Trails is back! And isn't that the truth - Trails is BACK. The atmosphere hasn't changed much from the first game, and honestly, that's a great thing to see. The characters are very lighthearted & happy go lucky, despite their being a lot of bad stuff going on. It's a refreshing break from other RPGs, where cracking so much as a smile is a rarity. Trails' approach to storytelling, combined with the quality of writing and attention to detail, put it above most JRPG franchises out there.The Bracer quests are also back, and while the ol' familiar ""X Monster needs to be eliminated"" request, there's also plenty of new & unique sidequests to go on. It's pretty amazing how varied the dozens upon dozens of quests are, but if you see one you don't like, you needn't worry about missing out on the rewards because the game is generous enough to give you what's required to get by well with just picking the ones you fancy (personally, I try to do them all).A lot of music from the original game has popped back up without so much as an alternate mix, which is somewhat disappointing, honestly. I do like the soundtrack to the original game, and while I do like the new additions made in SC, I feel the original pieces could've done with a bit of oomph to help them stand out, y'know?One thing I will say though is that you definitely want to play FC before jumping into SC. Not only will EVERYTHING make a lot more sense, but you can effortlessly carry over some of your choices & interactions from the first game into SC, which will make the experience both more personal & enjoyable.Just like FC before it, I recommend Trails in the Sky SC 110%. SC is probably the stronger entry, but the entire series deserves playing through from start to... Well, SC and beyond.Thanks to XSEED for bringing this over!"
76561197969868028,Recommended,251290,18861826,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[BAoX]Lukos,"One of the best JRPGs of the past decade. Its awesomeness is on a par with games like Chrono Trigger, Grandia, Xenogears, Wild Arms etc.Together with the first chapter, which I played on my PSP, it is the best JRPG on steam. Definitly play the first chapter first.Pros:- superb storyline- amazing character design- sophisticated dialogs- very tactical battle mechanics- difficulty is just rightCons:- nothing"
,Recommended,251290,24589123,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,NerdDeku,Great game would buy it a 2nd time if i could :D
,Recommended,251290,28580462,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,IkarosBD,"First off, if you HAVEN'T played the first game yet, then stop reading, go get it, play it, complete it 100%, and THEN get this game and carry it over. It's worth it in more ways than one, believe me, and you won't feel totally lost here!This is one of my highly recommended JRPG series for a good reason - excellent gameplay mechanics, great in-depth and compelling storyline carried straight over from the first game without missing a beat, and of course the characters - of which you get to control some new characters you didn't in the first game.You will probably spend a lot of time exploring and talking to NPCs just like in the first game, but that's the beauty of it - the game world is so beautifully done it makes you WANT to explore every nook and cranny of it, it makes you WANT to actually do those side quests. Sure, the graphics are a bit dated, but the level of detail is still overwhelmingly good for a game like this. Oh and there are a few places outside of battle where the environment itself does damage to you/your party, which is new to SC.I also have to give high marks for the music. A lot of the music was carried over from FC (and hey the music in that game was great too!), but many new tracks were added in as well, especially for the various combat themes.The combat system is the same as it was in FC, with some nice enhancements to it - the least of which I'll mention is the addition of new crafts (including the Chain Craft system) and new orbal arts thanks to enhanced Orbments. Oh. And attack food. You heard me right. Nothing more satisfying than to chuck a cookie at an enemy and watch it do the damage.And of course the witty treasure chests are back! I will make a note here that initially when I first played through, they weren't all that unique at first, you had to play through a bit before you saw much in that. It may have changed in the meantime, but just keep that in mind.The fishing minigame has been enhanced (you can now fish in many more spots and there's more challenge to it), and there's also gambling minigames now - you can play poker, blackjack, roulette. You even have a side quest involving gambling now. I spent a fair amount of time in the gambling minigames because like the real deal they were ADDICTING!Enough of me rambling on about the game. IF you've played the first game, then hurry up and get this game and continue the story! If you don't have the first game, GET IT FIRST, play it through, then get SC and carry over your completed FC save over! I promise you'll be sucked in by this game."
76561198038727520,Recommended,251290,26616035,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,cornerblitz521,"I've been playing JRPG's for 20 years and I can confidently say that this game and its predecessor are the gold standard. It has everything I look for in a game: a good story, great characters, fun gameplay, and loads of content. If you're a fan of JRPG's do yourself a favor and pick both games up."
,Recommended,251290,30881689,Posted: 1 April,all,lim,"10/10 would cast earth wall again.This is one of the best JRPGs I've had the pleasure of playing. I thought the first game was good, but this sequel really surprised me. The incredibly well written story is its strongest aspect, with many likeable characters in an interesting world. The gameplay, while fairly simple, is solid fun that leaves plenty of room for strategy. The soundtrack is great, if a bit tedious at times. Challenging battles, secret optional stuff, cheeky treasure chest messages, all icing on the cake.Impatient players beware - this game has tons of dialogue and the game takes a while to finish. Some may feel that it drags on for too long.3rd will be an instant buy for me on release."
,Recommended,251290,35097989,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,"Hey, did you finish the first one? Then play this, dummy.Don't start with this one, though!!"
,Recommended,251290,30564226,Posted: 16 March,all,801tman,"One of the best games ever made! Excellent storyline, improved battle system, improved music, and an all around masterpiece. I recommend this game for EVERY gamer to play at least once!"
,Recommended,251290,18828901,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LoLQoP,The game is simply a must if you liked the first one.
,Recommended,251290,18973616,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Radene,"Alright, after the exceptional First Chapter which I reviewedhere,the story of Estelle Bright and her adoptive brother Joshua continues from the rather iffy situation it ended with.A newly minted senior bracer, Estelle, sets of in search of Joshua who disappeared on her, thanks to his dark and shadowy past which brings her to a path that crosses a malevolent and probably quite ancient secret society Joshua used to be part of before he was taken in by Estelle's father; and the journey will be long and hard, a bit like Estelle's weapon of choice (her weapon being that way is a fact that she likes to point out whenever someone annoys her).Second Chapter takes what the first gave us and builds on it. The land of Liberl is still a living, breathing thing, and Estelle's is not the only story that unfolds. Keeping up with NPCs and their travels and experiences keeps being fun, and there are many mentions of past exploits, and if you did extremely well in the first game, a carry-over save bonus is going to be rather neat.Now, it's not wrong to say that SC is ""more of the same"" compared to FC, but that's not a bad thing, oh not at all - in fact, they were supposed to be a single game in the first place...but then the project kind of got too big to handle. Just for reference, playing through both, I put 150+ hours into it (maybe minus 5-10 thanks to reloads and distractions). Thanks to that, however, many things I would say about SC are already covered in my aforementioned review of FC. Go read that for more info.The protagonist dynamic, however, has changed. While the first game had us guide both Estelle and Joshua through a story that was bigger than themselves, this one is Estelle's show, this time it's personal, and her growth as a character is simply wonderful to follow. And yet even so, things happen on a larger scale, many other characters could be heroes of this same story if it was told from their perspective.A nice refresher from the common JRPG problem of static and homogenous world being driven purely by the actions of the protagonist - quite the opposite, a huge national crisis in the kingdom of Liberl has the population, both civilian and uniformed, act realistically (as in, there sure are *some* people who talk of doom and gloom, while others ponder more immediate practical concerns), and even an international response to the affair will occur. Estelle herself also brings a nice refresher with a protagonist that's not a cynical, brooding bishonen type with lots of emotional baggage - even managing to help snap Joshua out of it somehow.The battle system is pretty much the same as in First, arts and crafts and all; with the addition of ""chain crafts"" that lets you have several characters attack together. Limit break interrupts are still a thing, and managing the initiative order to steal turn bonuses from the enemy is still what will mean the difference between life and death (or at least ""life and a distinctly more battered and bloodied life""). Good luck beating the later bosses without a sound tactical plan.The Nihon Falcom musical team brings back some awesome tracks from FC and adds some awesome new tracks (my favorite being a certain very dynamic boss theme), but Falcom games having good music is nothing new. Even so, ""Silver Will"" must be one of the best soundtracks ever created.Final judgment: Highly recommended, but whatever you do, *don't* start playing this one before you finish the first game.PS: Oh, there's also a fishing minigame now.PPS: Sieg is one seriously overpowered bird.PPPS: Thanks to the story, I had to nominate this for ""Whoaaaaa, dude"""
,Recommended,251290,18767707,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,anon,10/10hugged by cute girls for the first time in yearsthanks xseed
,Recommended,251290,29025816,Posted: 4 January,all,sarysa,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Second Chapter (or ""SC"") is a rarity as far as video games go. Not only is it a direct sequel, but you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not playing the first game (typically called ""FC"") in the series. Story is the main draw of this series and you'll be lost if you play this one first. It's also worth noting that it's hard to discuss this game without spoiling the first to some degree. With that out of the way, how does it stack up?FC introduced us to the region of Liberl, its host of characters, its technology, and the geopolitical landscape of the series as a whole. Its gameplay was a bit lackluster and simplistic, but boy did it have a fantastic story. If Final Fantasy is dominated by artists, Trails in the Sky is dominated by writers all the same. Every character, every city, every country, and every extranational organization is chock full of detailed backstory and the characters are brimming with personality. The pacing is slow, but the payoff is far greater than one would expect from a game.SC continues that tradition and gives us a bigger picture of Liberl Kingdom, its neighbors, and the organization known as Ouroboros which is undermining its stability. As in FC, you will be greeted with walls of text wherever you visit. Hour long story breaks are commonplace but they tell it so well. The localization is impeccable and remarkably witty, characters are deep and intelligent, and character interactions are fantastic and surprisingly detailed. If the game weren't so ridiculously long, you could see any number of interactions by going back and choosing different character combinations for your party. Even the sidequests that aren't basic monster hunts(common) or fetch quests(rare) are story rich -- for sidequests anyway. If you're a ""story in games"" junkie like I am, you'll absorb every last detail of the world they've created and still be itching for more.SC also vastly improves the battle system. It has a wider variety of arts (spells), crafts (skills), orbments (augment/spellcraft), and status ailments which make gameplay far more interesting than the original. Battles require more intricate strategy than the original, and a number of optional (sidequest) bosses offer interesting challenges as well. As with FC, the gameplay is not grindy. Experience scales down with level which makes catching up pretty simple -- a mere 10 minutes of grinding is the most you'd ever need, and that's only if you usually run past monsters to begin with. You also get an orbment early on that allows you to avoid monsters entirely. To avoid frustration, you can save anywhere and retry battles upon game over.The one major downside is that a large amount of the game's content is recycled from the original game. A lot of the SC's music is from FC. Maybe 3/5th of the maps are straight from FC, albeit with new events and quests. Character sprites aside from Estelle and Joshua are exactly the same. It comes with the territory, being a direct sequel, but some might find it disappointing. On the bright side, if you completed FC and carried over your save, you can get a lot of new dialogue (and even some items) based on sidequests you completed in FC.Speaking of graphics and sound, the sound effects are solid and the voices are clear. The music is catchy but somewhat lacking in variety seeing how FC and SC are a combined 140 or so hours if you do all the sidequests and don't skip cutscenes. The graphics are...graphics. They probably won't wow you, and there haven't been any fixes put in for widescreen, but the sprites are cute.The final chapter (aka ""The 3rd"") has been announced for 2017, so it's definitely worth grabbing FC and this game. We'll all get to find out how it ends soon enough!"
,Recommended,251290,31030752,Posted: 8 April,all,MasterQueeferino,Amazing.
76561198197447149,Recommended,251290,32513016,Posted: 17 June,all,Mrhospitality26,"I am giving a brief review because honestly  your just have to experience this game to truly understand how remarkable the world-building, overall gameplay and addictiveness the second installment of this amazing series has!! It is a must play hands down!!!"
,Recommended,251290,30909800,Posted: 2 April,all,randylin26,This is literally the greatest masterpiece ever created.
76561198002824753,Recommended,251290,31911983,Posted: 22 May,all,Mordin Solus,Timeless JRPG classic.
,Recommended,251290,18815749,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,RAY DO IT,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky FC and SC combined create the best RPG experience of all time. Before playing FC my favorite RPG series was Fire Emblem. I love the Fire Emblem series for the huge amount of character interaction, the great gameplay, great music, great stories, extremely charming graphics/animations/art styles, and amazing replay value. In my opinon those features are what make RPGs the best video game genre.Trails in the sky FC alone bests Fire Emblem in most of those aspects and is equal in art style and gameplay. Obviously two very different games but speaking in over all RPG experience. Add the Second Chapter (which picks up mere hours after FC's story making it basically the same game) and there is no longer any room for comparison. There is just too much (good meaty) content in Trails in the sky for any other RPG to compare. There are 13 games in the Fire emblem series and I believe there is more content in just these 2 games.If you plan on trying out FC just prepare to sit back and read for hours on end. These games are mostly reading, they are RPGs after all. Don't go in expecting action packed gameplay or amazing AAA graphics. You are going to read, explore, talk to 100s of unique NPCs who all have something to say, read, do sidequests that have their own little storylines, read, and sometimes play through some satisfying turnbased combat (which in my opinon is on par with the fire emblem games)Also Hard mode in SC is very challenging and really forces you to utilize the items/skills at your disposal immediately after the tutorial. If you are looking for a challenge then SC delivers. You can also choose Hard for FC as well although I haven't tried FC on hard."
,Recommended,251290,18788973,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ChaHos,"If you liked the first chapter, then you should buy this one too."
,Recommended,251290,18756266,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,A1.AnhTien',JUST AWESOMEE
76561198075811594,Recommended,251290,24739589,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,raJor,"The story is soooooo good that it gives me the shivers!The mix of seriousness, comedy, tragedy, and romance is just amazing!It's been a long time since the last time I feel so excited playing a game with amazing story like this!Each of the characters has distinct personality, which when they mixed up with each other, they makes the perfect harmony, supporting each other, creating amazing story atmosphere and content which I thoroughly enjoyed!Story aside, the gameplay itself kinda the same with first chapter, with a lil bit improvement here and there.Well, IT IS the continuation after all.Personally, what appeals me in Trails in the Sky is the story.Yes, the story itself is enough to made me excited.Yes, the story itself is enough to made me shed tears.Yes, the story itself is enough to make me crave for more.That being said,WHEN WILL THIRD CHAPTER COMES OUT?O GREAT XSEED, PLEASE LOCALIZE IT FASTER!--PS : Never play the PSP version, so yeah, this is my very first impression of the game"
,Recommended,251290,20286071,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kichen,"I have played this game for 75.8 hours, and the best part is it has taken just over two weeks to do it. Once you get sucked into this story, you'll only want more and more. I rarely write reviews but I'll do it for this one. Let's get into the meat of it.Trails on the Sky: SC starts immediately after the conclusion of the First Chapter and concludes the story of Estelle. Just so I don't spoil anything accidentally, I'll just say the identity of your enemy is revealed to you from the beginning, which is a nice change of pace compared to most JRPGs, which throw evil guy after evil guy at you only to reveal there's an even bigger evil guy pulling the strings from behind.This doesn't make the journey to beat that enemy boring, though. The lengths said enemy will go in order to fulfill their evil plot will make you shudder every step of the way. And there resides one of the strongest selling points of the game. You will FEEL what's happening in that beautifully crafted pixel world. The anger, the joy, the fear... every character is so well written and developed that their emotions can touch you quite deeply. We should thank the localization team for that, too, thank you based XSEED and Carpe Fulgur for a job well done.The attention to detail gets a honorable mention here too. There are TONS of dialogue lines which you will never see in a single playthrough, but only because every possible choice (mainly party configuration choice) you make is covered. Special dialogues if certain characters are present, interaction between characters even in the most menial of sidequests, a lot of NPCs reacting to a particular teammate because they know each other... Detail, detail everywhere, and everything adds up to the feeling that those characters have ties to people and places, that they live in cities and know half the neighbourhood, that they're not just personality clichés detached from the world and designed just to fill a particular role in your party.That's about it for the story and immersion parts. The graphics are... well, Trails graphics. If you're interested enough in the game to look at the reviews, you don't give a damn about the graphics. The only particularly ugly thing I've noticed is that certain characters are introduced by showing a full screen image of them against the background, and the borders are BADLY pixelated. This could be easily patched, so pls fix. Slight framedrops/stutter occur in certain areas, I'm almost 100% certain it's a game issue, since it always happens in the same places (Grancel entrance, for example) and my computer runs it at 120 FPS with zero problems the rest of the time.The soundtrack is so exquisite I have a playlist of jdk songs saved on youtube so I can listen to it whenever I'm just fooling around in my computer. A friend of mine described it like this: ""I'm feeling nostalgia listening to songs of a game genre I've never played"".Finally, the only downside I can think about: the game abuses the mechanic of having someone appear juuuust a little too late and save the day for our heroes. It happens a number of times and it's pretty well explained so it always makes sense but... how about appearing five minutes earlier and saving me the trouble of going through that boss fight?"
76561198001484901,Recommended,251290,21139260,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Alexanor,"This game.  THIS game.  THIS GAME!  This game has moved me in so many ways I cannot describe.  The level of detail, the sound track, the story, the characters, the visuals... THE FEELS!  I love every single character this series offers and Trails SC is so action-packed I had a hard time putting it down!  There aren't many RPGs out there that I can say I played for 72 hours and ejoyed every last minute on ONE play through.If you haven't played the first one, YOU MUST; it is a direct continuation of the original story line.The good: See above.The bad: It probably doesn't have a load of replayability after two play-throughs."
76561198041786243,Recommended,251290,30509054,Posted: 14 March,all,GODKA,"To be honest, I hate the branching path designs in most of the games; it usually end up being sad excuse for pitiful attempt of extending playtime. This game however, I want to choose every possible branching patch available; the game took its time to build up the character in FC, and now, you care about all this characters and want to hear what they have to say about the events that occur in this game. It makes you care about the characters, plots, and lores but not in the painful way. I always loved reading, but I wasn't able to find the game that is engaging enough to do so. I was really starting to think that I was just being a cynical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that can't appreciate good stories. But I found what I deserved to love in the most unlikely place; an JRPG that my older brother used to play. Thank you Xseed games. I think I finally found my passion. Buy the game, support Xseed games and Falcom, they earned their reputation and fandom. I have always been a bit of a console hater, but this game made me want to buy PS just so that I can play remastered version of Trails in the sky."
,Recommended,251290,31414268,Posted: 28 April,all,URUSAI,"If you liked the first game, you'll love this one too.This game picks up LITERALLY hours after the first game. In my opinion, that this game is about equal to its predecessor. I can't really think about signfiicant differences between the two (this game might actually be a little harder), but this is a very accessible game with tons of things to do. My favorite part? If you have both games downloaded, and the first game cleared, you can migrate certain rewards over to this game. You get rewarded for playing the events of the first game. That is so dope i can't even explain. It really touches on the old era of having a game saved on your memory card, playing the sequel, and getting rewarded for that. That's delightful.Moving onto plot: it's a little weaker. it introduces a lot of questions and dones't give enough answers. It's also one of those ""Game of Thrones"" ways of telling the story because there are quite a few different stories going on all at the same time. Furthermore, because there are so many characters involved, it's hard to develop the characters in the right way, the ones important that is, and have a strong, coherant story.All in all. great game. I loved it as much as the first game. If you've gotten the first trails int he sky, you WILL want to have this game too. I wouldn't recommend starting here, and and strongly suggest you play the first one before this one too.Good luck out there, may Aidios be with you all."
,Recommended,251290,25992501,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ClintHardwood,"Hello, this is my first review ever. I loved this game so much, that I decided to give it my review virginity.Having just beat the game, there is only one thing you should ask yourself before you buy this game: Are you a fan of JRPGS?If you are, then get this game, because it has:- An amazing storyline stretching across many different games.- A colorful, and loveable, cast of characters. Both villain and comrade alike.- A little bit of romance that is WELL DONE and feels REAL.- One of the best female protagonists in gaming.- A world that is truly alive. NPCs have their own unique personas, dreams, goals and lives. They frequently recieve updated dialogue, and that helps make the world a unique entity I have never experienced before in gaming.- Characters are deep and multi-faceted (almost as if they were real people)!- That old school JRPG gameplay that has aged well.- There is a sequel coming out in the US in 2017! I'm so excited :)!- Very long, so there is much to enjoy.- Many sidequests without any hand-holding.- A decent level of difficulty on normal, bordering on insanity at higher difficulties for those who love a challenge.Of course, there were a few cons as well, but I consider them minor:- A slow, but juicy, start.- Dated graphics.- Lack of voice acting (however, knowing modern jrpgs that fine with me)!I'd leave a little summary of the plot, but the game does it so much better than I can ever do. Get. This. Game. And. Beat. It. This experience has been the metaphorical gold of Japanese Role-Playing Games."
76561198155445018,Recommended,251290,31019455,Posted: 8 April,all,blue moon,"All good things come to an end.The Trails in the Sky saga is one of the best examples of whats makes JRPGS great. (And remains among the best availble in English on Steam).It doesn't have AAA Unreal Engine graphics but that doesn't matter for a game like this.Instead players will be rewarded with story that starts out in as engaging with lovely characters and busts out into epic by the end of that game. Hearts are broken, vows are made and booty will be kicked!Ps. You have to play FC and SC as a set as the story spans both games but will be well worth it by the time you reach the end.Ps. Ps. Thanks Xseed for bringing this game to PCs. Onwards to Third Chapter and Cold Steel!"
,Recommended,251290,20098626,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Euthe,"After getting, playing, and finishing the First Chapter a year ago and waiting for the Second Chapter to come out and finally finishing it, there are no words to describe the experience. The story is once again just amazing in all respects. The characters felt alive and vibrant, contrasting and complimenting one another perfectly. The music was astounding, even better than the First Chapter. The gameplay is just as solid as it was in the previous but with even more crafts and arts to experiment with. I cannot recommend this game more than I have to anyone even slightly interested in this series. And thus begins the hope and waiting for the Third Chapter to be released onto. May Aidios grant us that small favor."
76561198031620610,Recommended,251290,32905220,Posted: 27 June,all,Celeste Aurora,"This game is what the Final Fantasy series (and Square in all its incarnations) should have aspired to. It has great turn-based combat and all the hallmarks of a good JRPG gameplay-wise... then you get to the story and it just embarrasses the greats. Which is saying a lot because Final Fantasy VI and Chrono Trigger were once in an untouchable realm of their own for me. Not anymore. They now play second fiddle to the intriguing world that is still developing in the Legend of Heroes: Trails sagas. It leaves you thirsty for more, and good news on that front, there's another 3 English titles after this one to sate your appetite for good gaming (and 2 more if you speak Japanese)."
76561197970996397,Recommended,251290,21836396,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Furwy,"This game is so awesome I can't stand waiting for the 3rd. Which is confirmed for early 2017 as of now.And if you want to support developer you can actually get Trails of Cold Steel on PS3/Vita, which is more of the same world."
76561198044411175,Recommended,251290,26032035,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sandvich of Peace,"The niche but well-regarded JRPG title, once exclusive to Japan, was finally ported and localized in the US in the form of a PSP release by XSEED games. It told the story of Estelle Bright and her adopted borther Joshua, as the two sought to become full time bracers as well as uncovering a mysterious conspiracy that would send their kingdom into chaos. The sequel to Trails in The Sky, SC(Second Chapter), after years of waiting and an additional year long delay, had had many fans hungry for a continuation of the story; a burning desire to return to its immersive world,  and the incredibly charming old-school RPG gameplay surrounding it. SC finally arrived in 2015 of October for PSP, Vita, and PC for digital download. It is a awesome and satisfying sequel to the first chapter. One thing I was disappointed about SC was that it takes place mostly in Liberl (again), and it felt repetitive to revissit the same places over again, just with replaced dialogue and cutscenes. But it didnt worry me too much, as the game does the most with what recycled resources there are.Speaking of dialogue, this is perhaps my favorite part of the game: XSEED's awesome localization of the script. I dont know if the characters actually spoke like this in the original Japanese, but the way they speak in English is chock full of personality, quirkiness, and humor. The English version does a fantastic job of making each character's personality distinct. Just through their dialogue alone you could tell which character is which without looking at their portrait. Credit goes to both Andrew Dice and Jessica Chavez (and other people probably whose names arent mentioned), for pouring hundreds of hours translating the massive gigantic story. Trust me, this game is GIGANTIC.To go off on a short tangent here, XSEED is a small but passionate Japanese localization company that does its best to bring awesome but not very well known franchises outside Japan to overshore. Because of the low sales of the games they localize, they are financially shaky. Not to mention they are translating the Legend of Heroes series' giant amounts of dialogue with little financial benefit in the end. I can not say this enough. PLEASE support the official releases of these titles in North America or elsewhere. We want XSEED to get credit where it's due. They are a tiny company but passionate about what they do, and they deserve whatever rewards they can muster. It's because of them we get to play this gorgeous series in English, with awesome personality-filled dialogue.Trails in the Sky SC has an awesome story. Though a little on the cliche side, you will fall in love with almost every character. Gameplay allows for very personal customization options suited to your preferred playstyle for each character. It's fun immerse yourself in the world and go exploring. It's everything the traiditonal RPG purist or casual player will have fun with. Would I reccomend this game? Yes."
,Recommended,251290,30572258,Posted: 17 March,all,☮ GD_Anirudh100 ❤,A perfect sequel to one of the best JRPG ever made.Loved every second of it.A solid 10/10
,Recommended,251290,24385465,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Alex,A very beautiful and story rich game. It's a JRPG with a turn based battle system. I suggest going Normal as the hardest difficulty for any casual playing.
,Recommended,251290,18948312,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Hal,"Trails SC is one interesting example for an old school style JRPG experienceJust like FC, SC might not be the prime example in top notch visuals and high res textures, but -imho- it points in several other, maybe even more important, aspects like gameplay, likeable characters that manage to fascinate in terms of character development over the two installments and last but not least - in storytelling.Especially the last point, is something, I as a person who learned to love RPGs und JRPGs in particular with titles like Breath of Fire 3, Grandia 2 and the like, missed dearly in the last few recent years.Don´t get me wrong - the Storyline of LoH: Trails FC and SC is far from being very inventive. It feels more like the ""do it yourself RPG Kit"" ... it´s nothing you´ve never seen before, but nevetheless - Falcom and XSeed with their localization still manage it to make you play further on - you´ll still want to know how the story will develop any further and how the individual paths of your (possible) party members will turn out. In my case, thats something no game since DAO has archieved.The gameplay is rock solid and fun to play - combat is strategic and deep enough, to keep you busy with various Quartz / Magic combinations but at the same time it´s easy and understandable enough for not to overburden you - in my opinion it´s simply almost the perfect mix.One last point: in this game you´ll read. You´ll read LOTS. I´d probably even say, this game (as well as FC) is almost as much a VN as it is an RPG. XSeed managed it to localize and write it in a way, which is easy-going and fun to read (at least for me, as an vivid reader) and at the same time, it won´t overburden people not native in the english language, as myself, for example. So, once more, i´d like to tip my hat to XSeed for granting us a game which must have been one hell-of-a-struggle to translate and localize. Please keep going like that, your work on these two games as well on the others you´ve published, is very very appreciated.Okay - last but not least - Recommendation or not ?Well ... for people like myself, who already ""devoured"" FC I don´t think I have to recommend it, do I ? But what about other players, perhaps even those never to have laid hands on a JRPG ? If you like classical RPGs, like Baldurs Gate or Albion ... I think, you should give it a try - get the first part, it might turn out quite an interesting experience."
76561198106939391,Recommended,251290,25552592,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MrShadowseer,"What an amazing experience. The first one was great and SC is even better. Still, there were some problems, but nothing ""destructive"". Some major ups and downs:+The story was great. Also, there were really intense moments that made the events/characters more interesting overall.+It wasn't as easy as the first one.+It was a traditional JRPG without modern ""atrocities"".+It was really hard to stop playing. Really addictive gameplay.+The playable characters are more balanced, but...-Leveling Olivier and Kloe is pointless. They are pretty useless in the Finale.-Having two last minute additional playable characters during the Finale.-Glorius is really FKN glitchy. There are random points where you may get stuck forever.Most of the downs concern the Finale. The bosses are great, especially the last boss fight is really great. However, you may find yourself dying instantly at times during The Finale... Overall, SC is an amazing experience. The downs are not too hard to overcome, but they'll annoy you. Hopefully the third chapter will be available in 2017."
,Recommended,251290,18792912,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DeskCompensation,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Second Chapter, is a good indicator of how JRPG sequels should be. It everything the first games, but heavily improves on almost every aspects. It even more challenging then the first game. The reason why this game is good, it based on the game's dedication on it npcs for world building, and the emotional baggage that affect each and every character throughout the game. This is easily one of the best JRPG on PC, if not of this generation. Objectively, the gameplay requires strategy over mindlessly hacking and slashing your way through, thus creating a much needed challange. In addition, the massive improvement on the orb system is so much fun. I waited 4-5 years for this game, and the payoff so far is Superb and Amazing. If you haven't played the first one, do so now. This game is all about investment."
76561197976029850,Recommended,251290,22751505,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zack,One of the Best JRPGs
,Recommended,251290,22718599,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,FedEX Deliveryman,Worth the full price 10/10
76561198065979638,Recommended,251290,18779864,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,verstehen,"An hour into the game, it's pretty damn obvious why it took forever for SC to be released in English.It was worth the wait.All right, all joking aside, a more serious review:I haven't actually finished the game but -- 20 hours into it, I'm just BARELY starting chapter two. And if there's nine chapters, I'm pretty sure the amount of playtime for SC is going to be double or even triple that of FC (I averaged about 45 hours in FC; 90 in two playthroughs). There's TONS of content in the game and, if you are playing the game with an imported save from FC, it's worth it to talk to all the NPCs. They actually remember you! And stuff you did! There's even a SC achievement for talking to a specific NPC multiple times!Even aside from the frankly remarkable amount of effort that went into integrating the two games (enough I was grateful I replayed FC a few weeks before SC's launch), the story itself is compelling, the character interactions are great, and I spent pretty much every cut scene going ""why am I not fraps'ing this????"" Even more, there's enough variation to make replay worth it as there's a choice early on if you want to travel with Schera or Agate as your primary companion (basically filling the space Joshua did in FC); I understand the main jist of the quests, main, side, and hidden, aren't changed but the interactions and dialogue do have some differences depending on your choice (for the record, the Agate path which I'm playing is great and every single interaction between Agate and Olivier is basically magic).As far as game play, there's a lot less bugs than I would expect from a freshly launched game; especially since I remember some of the gamebreaking bugs of FC's launch. Basically the only thing that actually effects gameplay is the lack of chest phases (which I read on the forums that will be fixed in a later patch?). There's about five or six different chest phrases that seem to be on rotation, rather than individual phases of the first game. Something that's a minor disappointment but ultimately I'd rather have the game than the return of Chairman Meow."
,Recommended,251290,21780408,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,oubeichen,"看我迄本月为止收藏就知道有多值得买了Check my collections so far (expires next month) to understand why this game deserves to be played.http://d7vg.com/gene/5895顺便一提，SC相关在第三张图中间下面，有折痕强迫症可能看了不舒服BTW, the bottom of figure 3 (with some annoying crease) is related to ""SC""."
76561198060932732,Recommended,251290,20130646,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,myhr2,"Trails in the Sky Second Chapter is the direct sequel to Trails in the Sky. None should play this game without having played the first one, it would be such a waste, story-wise!Just check some Trails in the Sky First Chapter evaluations, and see if its your type of game. And if you've played Trails FC, know that this game is even better in every single aspect!"
,Recommended,251290,20218530,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rossbr,"Fantastic sequel to a brilliant game.An excellent translation of a very good story makes for one of the best JRPG series available on Steam. The mechanics are strong, and while the battle system can be a bit slow, the tactical options and lack of grinding required meant that I continued to enjoy it right to the end.This is a direct continuation of the original Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, so you should play that one before this, bit I'd definitely recommend these two games."
76561198065978810,Recommended,251290,20028338,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,OMGIsmaeel,"Easily my GOTY! I was so addicted to MGSV at the time but once this game was out, I had to put MGSV on hold and play Trails in the Sky! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,251290,19405481,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dio,"If Grandia had a love child with Suikoden while cheating on Shenmue and then decided to raise it as Arc The Lad 2, you would get this game.  Put simply this game is one of the best RPGs of all time in my opinion because it takes a little bit of what was good about a bunch of different games and then beats them all at it to make one frankenstein's monster of an experience.The Legend of Heroes is my new favorite franchise and I hope more of these games make their way over here."
,Recommended,251290,25042845,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Osulagh,"""SC"" is for the second chapter. If you haven't played the first, go find that one. It's excellent. You'll need the pair, btw.As for SC, it's an overall improvement and a great closer of the story (as it is the second half).The whole game system of the previous game is similar, but many improvements were made to the combat and a few expansions. Combat was made a bit faster due to shorter animations and enter/exits, some complexity was added here and there. One major improvement I loved was a lot of equipment has downsides so you have to debate over certain pieces for certain builds. Not just constant upgrades like the last game. The whole orb mechanic was overhauled and feels much better.(SPOILER FREE) Story, for the most part, is very fulfilling and ties up well as a large part of the overall LoH larger series. If you enjoyed the First Chapter, you won't be dissapointed. Still a bit slow and sluggish in some areas (especially if you're going for all the side-quests and chests and such), but doesn't get too dull and pays off in the end.Overall, the duo is an amazing set of JRPG games. Just amazing. If the combat (for the time) wasn't a bit dull and the story was a bit quicker, I wouldn't think for a second this wouldn't be considered a masterpiece of the RPG genre. As for now, it's close. Really close.Side note: There's a small bug to watch out for if you're using a gamepad. Some menus in the final chapter couldn't be used with a gamepad, and it took me forever to find out via Steam forums that the mouse can be used to click on menu items when this happens. Duh, right? Stupid me. If this happens, remember the mouse!Second side note: I had quite a few problems running the previous chapter, nothing game-breaking, but a few jolts. Many of those problems don't exist in the SC. I still get frame-stuttering in certain areas, but not as bad. Outside of that there's the final chapter menu/mouse problem. That's all. Pretty well ported this time."
,Recommended,251290,30397904,Posted: 8 March,all,Crazedwoodsman,"Simply cannot give enough praise for this gem.I didn't think that something like this would capture my attention, but after playing FC on a whim as I was looking for an old school JRPG I could not have gotten luckier that I chose this.The music, the story, the characters, the combat...all polished and amazing...The only game I felt that came with this level of polish on release in recent memory was the witcher 3do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561198045120057,Recommended,251290,26072131,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,peck.,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky series are among my favorite RPGs of all time. There have only been a handful of games I've played where I've felt a deep level of emotion connection with the characters. The biggest PRO of this game has to be the compelling character development. Without giving spoilers, there is a part near the end of this game where all of the demoralizing and disheartening losses up to that point are resurfacing, forcing you to relfect on the emotional roller coaster it has been thus far. But then.. when you least expect it, everything is made right again and the game ties together so many loose ends; I actually shed tears of joy. No game has ever done that for me. It is a MUST play if you call yourself an RPG fan. The gameplay, story, characters, soundtrack, just everything is perfect."
,Recommended,251290,24400640,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,sasuke619675,"Loving it so far, but taking it slow. There is a lot of story here to dive into and the gameplay is a wonderful traditional RPG experience. I  highly recommend for anyone who enjoys a good story. BE WARNED thhough, start with the first chapter. =)Update: Just finished the game today, hell of an ending. No cliffhanger here, wonderful way to end the story of Josh and Estelle... unless a future game has them in it. ;).I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Now to play Trails of Cold Steel on my PSTV. =)"
,Recommended,251290,33402926,Posted: 9 July,all,Cneq,I had a great time playing through Trails in the Sky SC.I believe it really lived up to and improved on a lot of what made the first Trails in the Sky game great. I'm looking forward to playing the 3rd game now and this series has for sure gained my praise.
76561198036977264,Recommended,251290,33551565,Posted: 14 July,all,bossmanham,"What can I say about this beautiful game? It was a wonderful experience, and I'm almost sorry it had to end. If you want a traditional JRPG with a metric ton of world-building, then this is your game. The battle system is straightforward and simple, but is constructed such that there can be a lot of different ways to approach battles and construct a strategy to win them. The magic system, which consists of an orbment device that you place pieces of 'quartz' into slots in order to mix and match spells, is unique and fun. I got excited every time I was able to upgrade to a few new spells. Especially near the end when Kloe becomes an absolute powerhouse.Speaking of the characters, you will fall in love with them in this game. It's why I played almost 90 hours (not including the 45 I put into the First Chapter). This has to be one of the longest JRPG's I've ever played, and there is a ton to do in-game. The sidequests almost always build character growth (except for the monster-extermination quests), but you don't have to do them. I recommend it though if you want to be strong enough at the end of the game. Back to the characters: they are charming, varied, and you will love following their journey. Estelle is a delight as the main character, and the way they built her closest relationships was fabulous.Seriously, if you like old school JRPG's, intricate storylines, lots of world building, and lighthearted fun, you will love Trails SC."
76561198070209268,Recommended,251290,29935004,Posted: 14 February,all,littlebro79,"Gameplay is nearly identical to the first chapter. Knowledge of the first chapter is pretty much necessary (why would anyone play the second chapter before the first?). Side quests, orbal arts, battle system - very little has changed. There are more spells available, but, to me, they seem mostly underwhelming.I would say FC is the better of the two. SC is MUCH longer and that means a lot more dialogue. It does mostly wrap up the story; though, many questions are left unanswered. It's nothing like FC's cliffhanger, though.Basically, if you enjoyed FC and are dying to see how it plays out, SC is a no-brainer. If FC felt like you were getting murdered with story and dialogue, I can't wholeheartedly recommend it."
76561198156541775,Recommended,251290,18863200,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,crivelphagor,One of the best jrpgs out there!
76561198070487218,Recommended,251290,18996348,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Erxin,"i have been waiting this game for 4 years, i played FC on PSP first, and bought it again when released on steam last year.does this game live up to the expectation?absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥YESjust a word of caution, this game is really not meant to be played back to back. Reason? all Legend of Heroes series have a really slow beginning and intro. After the very fast pace and intense climax of FC, you may want to take a break before tackling this. the game however pick up around 1/3 in the game. And  oh god, when it picks up, its absolutely worth it. Your teammate story gets really really developed.The concept of the story to be honest is cliche, but when all the dialogue is beautifully written... oh gosh.. I even feel so much for FACELESS NPC. I even cried for them... w t f?The game actually has Faaar more content than FC, in fact 80% of area in FC will be revisited in SC (in addition of tonnes more new location).music of this game? absolutely gorgeous, and it is always played at the correct time and pacing.cons:- slow start- reused assetspros:- great characters and dialogue- beautiful soundtrackrating : 8/10comparing FC and SC , I think SC won by tiny margin."
76561198105346585,Recommended,251290,30306981,Posted: 3 March,all,Monokuma,Excellent Game. I loved the story line. Looking forward to the third release for pc.
76561198092827245,Recommended,251290,18996374,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Raykuso,Second Chapter is a great sequel. If only every chest still had a unique message this would be the best game ever.
,Recommended,251290,19078443,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Acrylios,"As someone who enjoys JRPGs and enjoyed FC, I would definetily recomend SC. Some people might prefer waiting for a sale however €27 is surely worth it for a ~63 hour game.Positives:+ Great turn-based combat+ Great story (though you must play FC if you haven't)+ New songs in the soundtrack are enjoyable+ Most playable characters are available early+ Progress is carried over from FC+ Bosses are a challenge and not disappointing~ Longer than FC~ Very text heavy~ Side quest monsters might be too difficultNegatives:- You can play on 4K but the game crashes on certain interactions- Game crashes in a chapter 3 boss if you alt-tab- Last area needs grinding (though it won't take long if you know what to attack)"
,Recommended,251290,19012322,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,[Azure],"Trails in the Sky.... boy, is THAT a name that takes me back.I'm five chapters in to Second Chapter, and I have to say... it eclipses FC in plenty of ways, although it still has it's flaws.  It's hard to review something you like as opposed to something you dislike, so I'm going to do my best to not sound biased.I'm gonna start with the bad:First off, the Heaven's Eye Quartz is bugged.  It does not have it's secondary 'radar' function, which can be irritating until you get a Quartz that can replicate the second function.Second,  this game has some fairly easily done exploits that make mass enemy destruction easy, removing from the intended tactical portion of combat.  And even then, some of the pre-existing encounters can feel sloppy at times, requiring these exploits to survive.With that out of the way....Second Chapter is a lot better than first chapter was, and it gets started a lot faster.  I refuse to spoil first chapter here, but Estelle's goal isn't to save the world or anything lofty like that (at first), but a more personal goal, which helps make the plot something that can be related to.  And as the story develops, the world around you (That is, the Kingdom of Liberl and it's neighboring countries) get ever moreso fleshed out, with every NPC having something unique to say, sometimes changing what they say midway through a chapter.  While the plot is very trope-y, it's how it is written that makes it such a joy to play through.  The player characters, while having their defining traits, have multiple layers to their personalities that prevent them from being one-note characters, a problem that is alarmingly frequent in most games released these days.Moving onto the actual gameplay, there's a ton of sidequests to do, involving tasks ranging from slaying monsters that block roads, to finding missing people and stolen items.  Some of these sidequests help flesh characters out and help build the world around the player characters, while some are just for money.  100% Completion can be quite a task, and it'll take more than one playthrough without a guide to achieve it.  As for the combat, discounting the flaws above, is fun and tactical, requiring the player to understand and manipulate enemy positioning and turn order to eke out a victory.Adding a layer of depth to the system is the Arts system, requiring the player to slot quartz into one of seven slots on their character's Orbment, which can be best described as a device that creates magic from technology.  Now, while this might sound like FFVII's Materia System, it is in fact it's own beast.  The initial placement of quartz provides stat boosts and penalties, but creating a certain combination across the same line gives you increasingly better spells based on the total Elemental Value of the different quartz on the same line.  There's an in game list of spells and EV requirements, so you will not need a guide.  Fortunately, the lines are easier to read than they were in first chapter, with them being more easily marked on your orbment.Now, the real star of the show (for me at least) is the music, which is leaps and bounds above the already impressive first chapter, with songs like Silver Will and it's arrangements especially standing out, with special mention to the calming world map theme.  The new battle theme is also more fiting than Sophisticated Fight in the first game, and the mid boss theme and boss theme's feeling more fitting and more pleasing to the ears as well.  The soundtrack is actually available on Amazon, and I reccomend picking it up sometime.  I also hope XSEED gets permission to sell it on Steam as well.In closing, Trails in the Sky SC is a wonderful experience so far, and I am looking forward to the ending of this beautiful dualogy.  And if you haven't played the first game yet, play that one, then pick this up."
76561197993296096,Recommended,251290,19792691,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tuba,"Amazing. I was going to wait until a sale to buy this but after finally finishing the First Chapter, however, the plot events at the very end give you so much incenstive to go immediately to the Second Chapter. This game is worth its full price if not more.Great story, memorable characters, and a world that you want to visit again. Honestly it did not bother me exploring the same places again as you gain access to areas you couldn't go in the original and there are plenty of new areas to make it feel fresh. The difficulty feels just right, normal can be a challenge and fighting against oroboros felt so satisfying.The game has some serious replay value with the difficulties and secrets hidden throughout. It is rare to play such a great game now a days, and having played hundreds of RPGs, this one is of the all time best alongside Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 6.You MUST get this game if you love RPGs. Yes, you should play through the FC before playing this one."
76561198027421641,Recommended,251290,28485697,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kairn,A very good JRPG with good mechanics and good story.I am waiting for the third chapter.
76561198008778914,Recommended,251290,32364801,Posted: 12 June,all,Ser Kezian,Completed this in preperation for playing the third one (on easy to get the story.)Graphics are what you make of them but this game is all about the story. Fantastic characters with many funny moments and plot twists.I recommend this game to everyone who enjoys this style of game. I think that 76 hours worth of entertainment for £9.99 is great value for money (I got this game on a sale.)
76561198076497593,Recommended,251290,25508893,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,chaos,"The ending of the first game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off pretty bad, cliff hanger ending and a bloody trailer telling me to buy this one, except there's no translation available. That was a massive slap in the face and i had to wait years for this. My expectations were pretty damn ridiculous by the time this showed up on steam. When i bought this, i was more than a little worried that the game would never be able to live up to my expectations and i'd be let down in the end. Rarely am i so glad to be wrong.-One of if not the greatest world building I've ever seen-Amazing characters, both good guys and bad, hell even the random npcs are interesting-set pieces that top the ones in the first massively despite the graphics-Great music nuff said-Awesome story-Large roster of characters-Badass magic and special moves-different difficulty levels, new game plus and no overleveling-challenging bosses-the treasure chest messages :Dcons-Magic system leads to overspeciallisation. Most of the strongest spells can only be used by dedicated spell casters who have virtually 0 attack strength.One of the best games i have ever had the joy of playing100/10"
,Recommended,251290,24783723,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Rutherford,"Just pure awesomeness. I love how the story went and how rich it is, and never failed to put me into an emotional roller coaster when it comes to Joshua and Estelle, besides the other side stories for the other characters which were also interesting, in my opinion. And, I was deeply surprised with Olivier's...erm, background. Didn't see it coming but, well, I was just too engrossed with the game. Plus, Father Graham! Oh, you priest and your humor!Love the soundtrack, too, of course! One of the things that you would appreciate in this game. And I'm being a huge softie in here because the bgm is a factor on an emotional ride.Haaa, I wish the game was longer. I got really sad when it ended."
,Recommended,251290,23046015,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DreamYs,"One of the BEST JRPG ever produced~Many pros & cons has already been mentionedThings that I'd like to talk about that haven't seen anywhere is that only if all the characters were voiced it would be litterally PERFECT :DAnyway, Just grab the game and enjoy the game to the fullest as you could~"
76561198018609404,Recommended,251290,21015697,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vateh,"first chapter was amazing, this one did not dissapoint at all aswell, I would even say it exceeeded the first chapterAmazing game, addictive fighting mechanic, amazing story telling (those plot twists tho!), awesome soundtrackget this game guysEDIT: just finished it, where the heck is my third chapter holyshit."
,Recommended,251290,21490591,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sharon Kreuger,"Great port, Great story, great characters and also very likable, it deserves more love and would like to see more of The Legend of Heroes series on PC/English.Estelle best girl."
,Recommended,251290,21900265,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,𝐇∇𝐒𝐊𝐘,"It's been nearly half a year since SC came out and I can't believe it only has 375 reviews on Steam! Honestly, I'm just writing this because Trails in the Sky deserves all the love and support it can get. What's more, XSEED announced recently that it will be releasing the third chapter next year. Even though they've been slow in the past, they did a wonderful job at localizing this series and they also deserve all the love and support they can get.Just buy this game!"
76561197970549991,Recommended,251290,21312591,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RedFox,"Worthy successor to the first game. The first couple chapters are a bit slow. Everyone I have talked to personally that's played it has found it hard to push through them. Ultimately, the game is worth it if you do. Things pick up around Chapter 4 or so and continue escalating in a great way to the end.Combat starts off tedious in this one with the fights being more annoying than hard but that evens out eventually as well.Overall, a great sequel to a great game. If you enjoyed the first, you should definitely play this. Just tough out the early slow stuff."
,Recommended,251290,26468660,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mad Scientist,"This game was fantastic. Plain and simple. The battle system offered the right amount of challenge and it was really really fun. The story was compelling and the characters were amazing. The translation is one of the best out there and the writing is superb, along with that the world building is next to none. Buy this game and the first part and you'll be in for 100+ hours of pure joy"
76561198101414936,Recommended,251290,26527858,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,travelerasyraf,"I've played a lot of RPGs in 2016 but SC definitely has the best story ever. The storytelling, characters and soundtracks do made the game an epic story. Since the game is a direct sequel without any gap in time, you need to play FC (First Chapter) first. Another thing to note is that the normal mode in SC is a bit harder than FC (at least that's what I felt) so you might want to play on easy if you just want to enjoy the story. SC is just pure greatness."
76561197995127831,Recommended,251290,19323576,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Eungust [azn],"I just finished the game, and I really wanted to write a review on it. After playing SC, I can see why FC and SC are split into two parts, and that both are worth getting. I've been following XSEED on their development on translating SC and they weren't kidding about the script size. It's huge and plays a huge factor on why this game is so good.SC (Second Chapter) is significantly darker than FC (First Chapter) in many respects, but still maintained a light tone throughout. I mean, it goes deeper into the overarching group Ouroboros and explains a lot of the things which FC doesn't.Comparing with other JRPGs, the most unique thing about Legend of Heroes is the parallel storylines that takes place throughout the entire series. Most of the NPCs have their own storyline that runs in parallel with the main story, and sometimes they overlap and change the scripting around based on the actions our heroes take throughout the game. So, while the game can technically be rushed, the full magnitude of the world of Liberal can be appreciated simply by talking to each NPC after completing each milestone. It's a tedius process but it's very very worth it. It brings so much life to the game, it's actually really impressive with the amount of detail they went into the scripting. I can go on and on with examples, lets just say pretty much nearly every NPC with a name has a story one way or another! I would get this game just because of that! And after starting a new game+, not only does all of the main characters have this nostalgic feeling to them, even the NPCs have a nostalgic feeling... something I do not normally get from other games.While SC was significantly darker than FC, both FC and SC stayed very true to oldschool JRPGs. The style, the character development and the unravelling of the main antagonists and twists. The progression and the fact that there's already a diverging storyline early on in the game makes the game have replay value. I honestly did not expect the game to be this thorough, something that I find to be lacking in more modern rpgs. Most playable characters have so many ties to the world and from it there is a great deal of character development throughout the series. Every character was unique and enjoyable. The plot turns in the story was also very good, the cutscenes are great and there were a lot of funny moments. Olivier is my favourite character in the series =P.There are also side quirks in the game, like gambling, fishing, and cooking which all ties with how the scripting is handled in the world at various times. They also help you in same way as well so there is incentive to work on them. There are also bracer points to maximize, which gives you reward items and scripting changes as well. There are some puzzles in the game, however they are not an integral part of the game.The music is fantastic. The battle system is great, with some battles being very difficult, especially near the end! The customization with the orbments gives some unique tactics throughout the game. Every character also has their own unique S crafts and weapons, which brings additional flavour to how each battle is played out. One major difference between SC and FC are that there are interchangeable characters throughout most of the story, meaning that you can pick, from a group of characters, 4 to take with you to progress the story. This changes the scripting based on what characters you choose, and adds to the replay value to the game.While the graphics is a bit lacking compared with modernized RPGs, I must say it adds to the nostalgic touch to the game. However some might enjoy this because it allows room for the imagination to fill in the gaps. The cutscenes/fight scenes are still very good.  And honestly, albeit the lack of graphics, how Falcom made use of it still captivated me throughout.What can I say, I banked a good 110 hours on this game and that's just online. Looking at some other recommendations some of them banked 200 hours even! As far as the bang for the buck for an RPG is concerned, this game is pretty much worth it, as currently I am paying ~30 cents per hour for the game, and I suspect this number to decrease after this review is published. Most other JRPGs I would expect aronud 50-70 hour play time.Buy this game, not only because it's good, but also if you also want to support more JPRGs that focuses more on the storyline/character development itself! Also, SC practically one-upped FC in so many ways as well, so if you liked FC then be prepared for a treat!"
76561198055794212,Recommended,251290,30302114,Posted: 3 March,all,rawr_9119,"This game is simply amazing, and also very challenging.  I cant wait for the 3rd!"
76561198067000266,Recommended,251290,23155471,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Blue Himiko,"The Dream ContinuesIn my review of Trails in the Sky First Chapter (FC), I felt inclined to refrain from mentioning any criticisms, largely because the only criticisms I had were nit-picky. I was full of praise as to how this game differs from any other JRPG I had played prior to the games in the Legend of Heroes series. As result, I purchased Trails in the Sky Second Chapter (SC) almost immediately after it was released on steam. In terms of gameplay and the overall mechanics in SC, they remain largely identical to FC and therefore there is no need to dwell on them in this review. I recognise that this review probably will not mean much to those who loved FC as it is likely they have already bought and finished SC. Likewise if you did not like FC, then I would be surprised if you are considering buying SC.I can confidently say right off the bat that FC and SC together are among the best games I have ever played, with SC expanding on the greatness that was FC.The consequence of playing and adoring FC is that I had extremely high expectations going into SC. Whilst those expectations were entirely met, this time around my review cannot be so clear cut as it was for FC. In order to review this game fairly and without bias, I intend to mention a noticeable flaw I identified because it would be ignorant to ignore it.*No spoilers*StoryThe story in SC is definitely a step up from FC, with enough plot twists to make you run around the room in excitement... I know I did. Every main character is developed from the first game in a meaningful way. Even Estelle develops from a largely clumsy, hilarious and enthusiastic person to a more mature... clumsy, hilarious and enthusiastic person.Like FC, the story is split into a series of well-structured chapters, however in SC the game is separated into 9 different chapters rather than the 4 main chapters in FC. As expected the story neatly follows from FC. My main criticism of the game is based on the first 4 chapters. The problem with these chapters is that by chapter 2, the story gets largely predictable with the similar kind of occurrence happening in each chapter (I'll spare the details). Of course the predictability ends soon after the 4th chapter. This may not necessarily be a problem for many who have played SC, but it did get a tad repetitive, especially in conjunction with the side quests which do not vary that much. However, this is largely where my noticeable criticisms end and I appreciate this is largely a subjective criticism.To this day, the 5th and 6th chapters of SC were... Some of the best segments of a game I have played in my entire life... And I have played a lot of games!Although I will not describe the contents of those chapters, they were the most deeply engaging, emotional and thrilling parts of a game I have ever played, galvanizing anyone into adoring the game. I wish I could describe the details.The ending of the game is satisfying. That is my greatest hope for any sequel of a JRPG. It is far too easy for games to conclude having left more questions than answers. Although there is a cliff-hanger which sets up the Third Chapter (TC), it is not the kind of cliff-hanger which leaves a lack of fulfilment and a taste of disappointment. As I mentioned to a friend, I would not mind if the Third Chapter is never localized... That’s not to say that when it is finished being localized I won't play it. I will buy it on the day it is released! Hell I will stay up all night with a countdown clock till its release! Nevertheless, what I am concluding is that the Second Chapter had a satisfying ending; it felt like the hours I had put into the game actually meant something significant in the end, rather than leaving a lingering anticipation for what happens next.GameplayThere is very little which can be said about gameplay other than it is almost identical to the First Chapter. In my review of FC, I mentioned the way in which gameplay differs from other JRPG's I am familiar with such as games in the Final Fantasy franchise. This difference remains the same in SC. The main new mechanic in SC is the ability to combine attacks with different characters (Chain attacks). They were a nice new addition to the game, but nothing revolutionary. If you loved the gameplay and the battle system in FC, then it follows that you should feel the same about SC.MusicThe first thing I wanted to know when I bought the game is how the music would differ from FC. I have invested hours into listening to the music of FC outside of the game and I will probably spend many hours more listening to FC's OST. I can gladly say, the soundtrack in SC is a masterpiece - my favourites being: 'The Dream Continues,' 'Silver Will' and 'I Swear.' I do not recommend listening to any of the soundtrack before playing the game, solely because of the emotional effect they have within the game. None of the pieces are overused or underused. The first thing I did after finishing the game was search for the pieces on YouTube.ConclusionFC and SC felt like a dream. I say this as the two games felt like perfect games with very few flaws. Although I stated my noticeable criticism of SC, it is insignificant when looking at the overall standard of the game. The characters remain as funny as they were in FC, the story is brilliant, the music is sensational and the localization is without flaws. Only Aidios knows why this game is not as popular as it should be. I have always felt that it is the most well-made games which receive the least credit. I am now in the process of playing Trails of Cold Steel. As for the Third Chapter, I can only hope the dream continues.9.5/ 10"
,Recommended,251290,22229025,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Astray Belgar,"Too much OlivierDon't send help, I prefer it this way.69/10 would lute again."
,Recommended,251290,28203540,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Xerxes. bre@k,"Similar to Trails in the Sky FC, this JRPG receives thumbs up from me. Compelling story and well-arranged dialogue between NPCs are the strong points of this game. It was simple and yet, so many customisations can be done with orbments, way better than the overly linear FF13."
,Recommended,251290,27851288,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EmpHighwind,"This is the best JRPG experience you can get on steam, play it asap.* :feena:*: please play Trails in the Sky FC before this"
,Recommended,251290,18935889,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Butter-Fly,"Trails in the Sky SC(short for Second Chapter) is the long awaited and direct sequel of Trails in the Sky (often called FC, meaning First Chapter). If you played FC and you're wondering if SC is any better, let me tell you: it is, in every way you can imagine. Trails in the Sky: The 3rd, the next game in this series, has its own story and Estelle and Joshua aren't even the main characters in it. The 3rd will likely be localized in the future, but even if it isn't, rest assured that SC delivers a satisfying conclusion.If you haven't played any Trails games before, here's an overview of why you should direct your attention to FC and SC.As most fans of Trails in the Sky will tell you, these games do an excellent job of world building. You'll learn plenty about the Zemurian continent and its regions and citizens just by following the story. What really sets this series apart from most JRPGs is that if you like the fictional setting and want to learn more about it, there is a lot of optional reading that you can indulge in at your own leisure. There are over 500 portraitless NPCs, each with their own side-story, and their dialogue will change after every story event. There's also a plethora of optional but entertaining side quests that further flesh out characters and locations, and even short novels that you can read. NPCs that you helped in the first game will remember you if you carry over your save file, which I thought was a nice touch. The in-game universe feels well built and ever-changing, and the result is a story that flows logically. With everything being so well planned, there is no room for deus ex machinas, and plenty of room for masterful foreshadowing.These games have a lot of text so sometimes you'll feel like you're reading a book rather than playing a game. Luckily, the English translation is wonderful. The dialogue is brimming with personality, helping to make even the least important characters feel somewhat memorable. The visuals, as you've probably seen, are dated but not awful by any means. What the series lacks in eye candy, it makes up for in other areas. In terms of music, FC's soundtrack is good, but SC's soundtrack is amazing, greeting you with one of the best piano pieces right at the title screen, and sending you off with one of the best final boss themes ever composed. The battle system isn't groundbreaking but it is refreshing. Each character can be equipped with ""quartz""; different quartz combinations will grant you different magic, which the game refers to as ""arts"", and they consume (EP - energy points). There are also ""crafts"", which are skills unique to each character, and they use craft points (CP). Whenever you attack or receive damage, you will recover CP, and filling the CP gauge grants you access powerful turn-interrupting moves called S-crafts (which are also unique for each character) at the click of a mouse. SC differs adds new arts and crafts (heh), as well as chain crafts: combo attacks that can deal serious damage when abused. The turn order and turn bonuses are displayed on the left side of the screen, and unlike the usual turn-based game, manipulation of delay to take the turn bonuses for yourself adds an extra layer of strategy to the combat.Trails in the Sky isn't the most original series, and its story isn't full of plot twists, so you shouldn't come into it expecting a mind blowing story. What this series offers is something that I feel a lot of JRPGs today lack: a coherent plot with a few well placed plot twists and excellent use of foreshadowing + layered, realistic, and developed characters, all wrapped up in a cozy setting that's rich with lore. Depending on how fast you read, FC takes about 30-45 hours to beat and SC takes about 50-70 hours. Double that if you're going to talk to everyone and do all the side quests (which you will need a guide for, since this series is notorious for missables). With the NG+ feature and difficulty settings, these games are designed to be replayed and you have no obligation to be a completionist the first time around. You also get 999 save slots in FC and SC, which you can take advantage of to revisit pretty much any point in the story.These games makes me feel like a kid again while somehow meeting and even surpassing the high standards I've developed from 18 or so years of video gaming. Considering how much quality content is packed into each, they are worth every penny, especially if you're a JRPG fan who likes reading."
,Recommended,251290,19603332,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Helvian,"TLDR:The storyline will grab you by the balls/ovaries and will not let you go.AND YOU'LL LIKE IT, CAUSE YOU'RE A NAUGHTY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥Combat doesn't boil down to a battle of who can subtract higher numbers while adding high enough numbers.You aren't punished for picking the wrong party members, you can make anything work (just don't go above normal difficulty).All the music is memorable, and with how Falcom choreographs the cutscenes, seemingly innocent music will invoke feels.Wait, I shouldn't be making a TLDR, because this game is bigger than any novel you could probably think of in terms of reading. So, if you're just going to overlook the rest of the review, you probably should just turn away right now because you may not have the mental stamina to endure this game. It would be a massive mistake to ignore the story in this game.I'm going to put my grievances with this game FIRST so you know if you want to commit to this series.You _NEED_ to have played the first chapter before you tackle this game. The game is balanced such that you apply your knowledge from the first game into this one; no tutorials on how to attack or anything that was already present.You ♥♥♥♥ing better dare not even try hard or nightmare difficulty. There's no additional reward except artificially inflating your playtime by granting every single enemy in the game a monstrous stat increase across the board. The community will not judge you for playing on easy. Even normal difficulty will ♥♥♥♥ you up at some points.If you're an achievement hunter, a lot of them are glitched and unfinishable no matter how detailed a guide you use. A glance at the global achievement stats will give you enough hints as to which ones are flat out broken.A large resolution makes this game a little rough around the edges; you can start seeing into the nether space the devs didn't want you to see.There are a couple of glitches regarding missing sprites, and in one case, a sequence break that you may not even notice happening.There's a third chapter that may not get translated for a few years.As mentioned before this game is INCREDIBLY text heavy and if you're the kind of person that usually mashes the 'skip cutscene button', well too bad, because you cannot skip any cutscene in this game. You can flip through text fast by holding down control, but that's only text; and some cutscenes can go on for at least ten minutes straight when you're reading.The developers are cruel ♥♥♥♥ers when it comes to missables; essentially everything in the game is missable. This is what you call a gamefaqs game. They're also going to be testing your patience quite frequently with some tasks being monumentally tedious and/or obscure. There is no fast travelling of any kind unless the story demands you to.On the theme of missables, getting the full amount of Bracer Points is impossible without a guide. It is simply im-♥♥♥♥ing-possible to have the intuition to do every quest, every sidequest, every HIDDEN sidequest, answer every dialogue branch correctly, and meet criteria during quests for extra Bracer Points on your own. If you want the achievement for getting all the Bracer Points, you better crack open that walkthrough and bookmark that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Make sure you make a separate save every single time you decide to save, so that if you do end up missing something you have plenty of points in the game to load to. At the end of the game I had about 135 save files, and that still wasn't quite enough. Don't worry, they give you 999 save files to work with, and 10 autosaves that happen with each map transition or battle.Mouse controls are the best way to play this game, but you will need to get used to the fact that every time a menu appears, the mouse will instantly teleport to the first option of the menu as this game originates from the PSP. That can get annoying, but you get used to it. You can play the entire game with the mouse and Z/X to spin the camera.If none of the above is enough to make you turn away, then you'll be able to enjoy what follows. If it is, I'm afraid it may be too much of a problem and will get in the way of you soaking in the story.Never before have I gotten so invested in a RPG's storyline. The combined 95 hours it took me to finish both games had me by the balls the entire time. Almost every single playable character and the villains have their own backstories, that at some point during either game get a portion of screen time. You feel for everyone at some point. Select NPCs have their own mini-stories which still feel integral to the plot, and often make you think &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ what if I didn't do this sidequest?"". If you import a complete save file from the first chapter (and you will because you absolutely must play the first game to even care about what's going on in this game), depending on your performance you'll get some neat little goodies, plus some little mentions here and there about what you did. Even the little things like keeping your notebook from the first game to flick through.If you pay attention to the story (as a byproduct of it being amazingly enticing), you'll often be able to figure out what's coming next and feel like a badass when you predict the next plot twist. You feel like you're actually immersed in this world because you can tie things together without them being explicitly told to you point-blank. You get an idea of the world, its mythos, and you become part of it to an extent.The arts system allows you to bend any party member into whatever role you see fit. That's important because there are many points where you're stuck with a certain character with no ability to get rid of them; but that's fine, you can just equip them and you're good to go. While it's true that some characters are better suited as a caster or a melee, nobody really feels useless.Speaking of combat, it takes place on a Final Fantasy Tactics style grid adding some strategy as to where to position party members, predicting enemy movement so they'll fit in your AoE spells, and positioning to get as many enemies in a line for line spells. Unlike some more traditional JRPGs you actually have the means to avoid damage by simply moving out before an enemy finishes casting, by spreading your party out wide enough, by interrupting their casts, or hijacking enemy turns to eke out that last bit of health; so battles don't necessarily always end up as trying to keep an ever-leaking bucket from emptying as the boss spams spells that hit all party members with naught you can do to stop it except constant healing.Party members falling behind on levels get to reap the benefits of the relative EXP gains from defeating higher level monsters (e.g. you have 3 party members at level 55, you dig up your level 45 character; ordinarily you'd spend hours grinding just for them, but instead a level 57 monster can potentially give them at least four levels). I was worried I was going to be saying ""I wish I could use you, but I'd have to grind experience with you for about five hours just so I can use you"" quite a lot with how often party members switch in and out because of the storyline, and was relieved that never happened.DEAR GOD THE MUSIC WILL STICK WITH YOU FOREVER. By the time you finish the first chapter and load up the second chapter, you're going to have some feels hit you with the first chapter's most recent events fresh in your mind as soon as you hear that title screen music. You'll appreciate _all_ the music too, from the calm field map music to the myriad of evocative battle themes.This game is responsible for any lowering in grades I may suffer in the coming weeks. Thank you Falcom for making me stay up until 4am nightly because I can't put the god damn game down."
,Recommended,251290,24258319,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tuna™,"Is good game, worth the price and tons of gameplay... would recommend playing the first one first tho :P"
76561198073849975,Recommended,251290,18796965,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ZenBaLance,"Even just the prolouge kept the charm that made me go through FC. Definitely a great game. Love the fact the you can strat from your old save file, makes me wish I took Estelle's ultimate weapon over Joshua's though"
,Recommended,251290,22549360,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Happy Cow,shut up and play the game!
76561198001668419,Recommended,251290,22817000,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,CapFox,Memorable.
76561198013765245,Recommended,251290,18777326,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,karamon,Amazing game!
76561198081733825,Recommended,251290,18779554,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,scottdanpor,"Story as good as the first oneCharacters as memorableFighting mechanic is actually improved on, with new movesWhen you hear the music, you smileIt recognizes your save from the first gameYes, play the first chapter before this one.No spoilers here, you're wondering if it's worth the price?  It is."
,Recommended,251290,18784317,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Occultic,Everyone needs to play this beautiful masterpiece.
,Recommended,251290,18776871,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Vaninou,I've never played a prologue as hard as SC's prologue.Still fun though.
,Recommended,251290,18778880,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Outlaw Star,"I have waited 4 long years for this game ever since I finished the first game on PSP, it feels like catching up with an old friend. Highly recommended for fans of JRPGS."
,Recommended,251290,18760839,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,PlatinumEXE,It's finally here! and it's good as ever!you should only buy and play it :)
76561198008534012,Recommended,251290,18755767,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MysticForce,"So much feels in the first 5 minutes T_TI am looking forward to the rest of the story, and this time there's no real detailed FAQ or Walthrough to tempt me with spoilers!"
76561198046230086,Recommended,251290,18776481,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sturmritter,"Yes! yes! AND MORE YES!!!!!!!Finally the wait is over. The 2nd chapter to the BEST (imho) JRPG ever.I will write a more detailed review later, but I'm PLAYING THE GAME NOW! :)"
76561198052395591,Recommended,251290,18807922,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,cupzter,"One of the best JRPG series out there. XSEED does a terrific job for the fans of the genre. Please support them by buying this game, it's totally worth it."
76561198051804975,Recommended,251290,19022240,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Imortal12233,It's quite simple.If (LegendOfHeroesTrailsInTheSkyFC.played){if(LegendOfHeroesTrailsInTheSkyFC.enjoyed){LegendOfHeroesTrailsInTheSkySC.buy();}}else LegendOfHeroesTrailsInTheSkyFC.lookInto()EDIT: fixed code to look nicer
,Recommended,251290,19541663,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Esquevella,Give us the news regarding third chapter already!10/10
76561198008510201,Recommended,251290,19442349,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Natano,"Just finished this game after about 50 hours play time, and it was worth every minuteOne of the best JRPG's on steam at the momentIf you're a fan of Anime like, turn based RPGs, you'd be a fool to miss out (Make you sure you play the first one before hand though)10/10"
,Recommended,251290,24614764,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,JaggedMallard,"Combined with the first game possibly one of the greatest RPGs out there, phenomenal story, incredible worldbuilding and easy to get into yet deep gameplay. Every NPC has their own little story and personality and reacts to quest and story events so it really feels like you're in a living world. Its also one of the few games that manages to create bosses that are supposed to be powerful in the story and are powerful in the fights without destroying the tension by having to load all saves. If a boss is described as powerful in the story you can expect to have a hard fight that requires thought to win but the retry offset function means you never reach a point where the story tension vanishes due to constant reloading."
76561197994842232,Recommended,251290,20425637,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Astray,B G E
,Recommended,251290,32173731,Posted: 4 June,all,GreenHippo,A must have for those who played and enjoyed FC.
76561198064002064,Recommended,251290,25645948,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,godzillaisyourdaddy,"If you thought the first game was incredible, the second chapter will blow your cranium to oblivion. This game improves on the previous chapter in every way possible. The story goes on full cylinders from start to finish, with returning and new characters appearing with brick solid storylines that make you care immensely. The combat expands further with more Orbments to work with allowing for more awesome Arts to be utilized to really dazzle your screen. There is of course, the soundtrack, oh my gosh, the soundtrack, what a beast it is! The first soundtrack was fantastic, but this game's blows it away, especially the boss battle themes that get you pumped up for a satisfying fight! Not gonna lie, this game is huge. Took me slightly over 100 hours to finish it on Hard difficulty!I am updating this review now that I finally finished this masterpiece on Nightmare difficulty. It was one hell of a journey with a lot of experimentation to overcome its plethora of challenges. The game may seem unfair at times due to its spike in difficulty, especially during the Prologue, but once you get passed those obstacles, you will feel like a king, or queen if you are lady, for beating such odds. If you intend to take the challenge, be fully prepared for a long haul as you are going to need to do a A LOT of farming in order to actually stand a chance against the bosses. You have been warned! ;)If you are new here, leave this page now, go buy First Chapter, finish it, then come back and pick up this epic slice of heaven! You will not regret it!*Oh and be sure to finish the First Chapter with 100% completion, you will be rewarded at the start of this game for your efforts."
76561198045353412,Recommended,251290,21033707,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Asmodeus,"Amazing game. I thought I had outgrown JRPGs (I'm 37) because the last good one I played was probably FF9 or maybe FF10... Turns out I have not outgrown JRPGs. I just hadn't found a really good one in the last 10 years. A game with good story, charming characters and focus on good, sensible world building instead of flashy graphics (hi FF13...). The ""Trails..."" series is easily the best JRPGs I have played in the last decade, the best since classics like Xenogears and Working Designs charming translation of the Lunar series."
76561197979920540,Recommended,251290,20817301,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Adric,"First off, this is a wonderful game, and a sequel to another wonderful game, Trails in the Sky: FC.  It's somewhat odd to be saying that, considering a month ago I didn't own SC, and had had Trails in the SKY: FC sitting on my hard drive for a year.  I started playing FC in late 2014, but the story is a bit of a slow burn.  10 or so hours in and not much had happened, and so I ended up shelving it for awhile.  In December of last year, I decided I needed to start playing it again and finish it.  It's interesting what happens sometimes when you take a break from a game you're not into at the time - after only a few hours back into FC, the character and plot needles had moved enough to keep me going, and before long I had become well and truly sucked in.I played FC religiously at that point, fully-invested in the detailed characters, the growth they displayed throughout the game, and the ever-growing story.  That game, as you may have heard, has a real doozy of a cliffhanger, one with a lot of emotional punch.  So, there was only one thing for it - immediately purchase Trails in the Sky: SC and plunge headlong back into the world of Liberl.  Was it worth it?  Damn straight it was.The character and world-building elements of SC are every bit as great as in FC, to which game it is a direct sequel.  I loved the characters, loved the story and loved that you could tell a lot of care was put into this game.  One of the things that's especially nice is that there's a true sense of humor on display at points, as well.  The anime-style character portraits do a wonderful and often-humorous job of conveying the characters' emotions, and, as in FC, there are treasure chests that, if you interact with them post-looting will give you a sarcastic message about doing so.So emotion and humor and character and all of those nice RPG elements are present.  What about the gameplay?  I tend to be a fan of JRPGs that show you the monsters onscreen instead of having random battles (not that I don't love a number of those, as well), and if you're careful or have the right equipment you can always decide if you want to stop and fight or are in too much of a hurry to be bothered with it at the time.  You shouldn't need to grind in either FC or SC - the game rewards experience based on comparing your level with the enemy defeated, so underleveled characters play catch up fairly quickly.The areas are generally well-laid out, although there are a few dungeons late game you might find yourself getting lost in if you aren't paying attention.  Design is good, and there is attention to detail everywhere.  The graphics are somewhat dated but plenty serviceable and there are options for things like anti-aliasing, anisotropic filtering and HD fonts and features that make the game more presentable on a modern system.  You'll notice that its technology is older, but unless you're really invested in that aspect, you won't care.""Regular"" battles can be somewhat tedious, though if you set yourself up right you can usually eliminate normal opponents pretty quickly.  The orbment system is interesting and versatile, and for those who played FC there are a number of further upgrades and changes that enhance battle and the number of arts(spells) you have available.  My understanding is that originally FC and SC were one game that had to be split into parts, and you can definitely see that here, as SC builds and expands upon what was already laid out in FC in a very natural way.Most of the music is good, some of it great (although I miss the battle music from FC).  I still hate the music that plays in the city of Bose.  I think if Bose had catchier music I would not have put down FC for so long, and it returns in SC.  Oh well, you can't have everything.There are a couple of gripes - in the back third of the game, you do some retreading over prior ground and have a section where it's ""go here, fight X enemy"" followed immediately by ""go here now, and fight Y enemy"" that is kind of a grind, but there's still more than enough story to carry you through.  The final area is lovely, well-designed and feels like the climactic finale that you probably were hoping to finally get after the pain of FC's cliffhanger.  As for how much you get to have a certain character in your party...you'll just have to play the game.So, in short, if you have FC then I recommend SC, even if you haven't finished FC yet, as you will inevitably have to know what happens next (and you will, even if you currently have FC on standby like I did).  And if you have neither, but the above sounds appealing and you can deal with the few flaws I mentioned, and are willing to invest the time in a story that starts slow only to keep building in power through the two games, why not buy both?"
,Recommended,251290,19405138,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Roman Torchwick,"Trails in the Sky SC not only equals the original game in terms of storyline, characters, music, battle system, humor, and many other aspects, but improves upon these elements as well. For those of you who have already played the first chapter and enjoyed the experience, you're in for a treat. Get the second chapter--no discussion. If you're a big fan of story-heavy JRPGS with the classic Japanese battle system playstyle but haven't played the first or the second chapter and want to enjoy one of the best if not THE best JRPG series of the decade, then look no further.The story is deep, rich, and full of surprising plot twists that will take you on an emotional rollercoaster. The characters are unique and interesting, each with their own quirks and way of speaking. EVERY single individual in this game has a personality to them. Even the seemingly unimportant NPCs like farmers, shop keepers, inn managers, etc. Also, a lot of times the music of some games may seem underwhelming when placed in context of a great story. But this is not the case with Trails in the Sky. Falcom did a great job in composing and implementing masterful pieces of music into the game. Each scene, boss bottle, environment,  and conversation have different feelings. And of course, the battle system is what the player is responsible for in the game. Although the thought of another turn-based JRPG may turn you off, don't be fooled. It's not your typical JRPG. Crafts, arts, random buff generator on the side, teamwork, and strategic placement of your squad is essential to ensuring your success in the battles. Overall, the game is extremely well-done in terms of XSEED bringing Trails in the Sky to the international stage. Little to no bugs, English translations that are not only grammatically correct but have life to them. It's truly a masterpiece.The worst part of my experience playing this game was getting to the end and realizing that it will take another several years before the next game is localized for the English-speaking market. Hopefully this game does well on the international market so it encourages XSEED to think about localizing the 3rd game!!"
76561198018066796,Recommended,251290,19512672,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,makoto,"I was on a JRPG kick, and it was on sale. And from those humble beginnings, my journey with the greatest RPG in a decade began.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky feels more like a novel than a video game. This is somewhat true in a literal sense: there's a lot of text! But where it really shows up is in the intentional design decision to have the story be the central focus. And what a story it is. It starts out small. You play as a teenager cutting her teeth at her newfound vocation, with the stakes to match: a lost cat, a maintenance kit for a lighthouse, unreturned library books. Nothing life-changing. Certainly nothing world-changing. But these seemingly trivial tasks allow the world and the characters to establish themselves and breathe, allowing them to become more than nameless faces. A dizzying amount of random townsfolk NPCs have their own storylines going on, and the game lets you watch these threads unfold. The main plot is slowly building in the background, but the game unapologetically focuses on letting the player slowly absorb the country of Liberl for the first thirty hours or so and watching the slow growth of Estelle. And it's the better for it, because when the plot gets into gear, all that time spent with her starts to really pay off. The game mechanics are decent, but they're obviously secondary: like a novel, the real meat of the game is the characterization and worldbuilding.That's what happened in the prequel. Which you have to play before this one, because this one is where that characterization and worldbuilding established in the first one starts to pay incredible dividends.In SC, the stakes are increased from the very start, but again, the game lets the central plot take the back seat for a while and focuses on worldbuilding and character development. You go back through the same towns as the first game, with the same NPCs and even the same dungeon layouts. And it's like visiting an old friend. You see how the NPCs handle the ongoing crises, how they've adapted, how they've soldiered on, how they've gone about the business of living their lives. It gives a richness and depth to the setting that is matched by few other games, and almost no other JRPGs. I can't stress this enough: the focus on world-building isn't a seasoning trying to add depth to the main course, it's part of the main course itself. I could spend the entire game running errands and talking to NPCs (and listening to the fantastic soundtrack!), and it'd be worth it. That's how good this element is.Of course, like in the first game, the main plot is always slowly building up in the background. And like in the first game, it starts to take center stage around 30 hours in. And like in the first game, the hours upon hours spent with following Estelle and her growth add a depth to the narrative that causes it to shine. Trails in the Sky is a story about Liberl, but it's primarily a story about Estelle, and the game does a beautiful job of linking the world-changing events happening to the personal growth of Estelle and her companions. It's a complete masterclass in writing, and if the country of Liberl is the soul of the game, then the journey of Estelle is unquestionably the heart. There are some improvements to the battle system, but again, this game isn't about the battle system. It's the story of a country and the story of a girl, masterfully weaved together into a single must-play experience.There's been much written elsewhere about the long, hard, probably cursed journey this game took to Western shores, so I won't repeat the story here. But I would be remiss to not offer my gratitude to Falcom, to Carpe Fulgar, and to Xseed. Blood and tears were given to bring me this game, and my thanks and money seem woefully inadequate a recompense. But it's all I can offer for now, so it will have to do. So thank you to everyone involved in the development and localization of this game, for your fantastic job at giving me one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had."
76561198093206207,Recommended,251290,20764106,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,CandyPepper,This game made me:- Cry 11 times- Bust nuts 17 times- Goosebumps 9000 times- Decide to name my future son Joshua- Offical dream job bracer- Permanent ticket to Feelville10/10 would bust nut againPlz play
76561198012621772,Recommended,251290,21244208,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Vaughan !!刹刹!!,"Remember, you need to play the prequel to this first before playing this! This is a amazing direct continuation of the prior game, together they make a pair.Others have already hit on what makes this game so great. If you're looking for a short version, I'm going to  write mine below:* Everything about the prequel is about twice as good here. Liked the first? You'll love the second. There's twice as much content here (literally, my play time is just about double) and I still missed quite a bit (~10 hours worth). The price tag is worth it -- between the two games you get about ~140 hours of game. This is fully scripted, text rich, game-play. How many games will give you an epic game of this length for $50 USD total? Even at full price, buy this. It's a no brainer.* The character development is absolutely outstanding and should not be underplayed. Since this is a LONG game, it's not unreasonable to say you become attached to the cast of characters and many of them are on their way back in this game. Of course, there a few noteworthy additions.* The amount of depth that goes into what you have done in Liberl and how it makes subtle changes is a joy. Sure, we have games like Skyrim where micro-changes in the world state causes all sorts of different behavior. However, Trails takes this one step further and gives each character unique reactions to situations and the ability to further expression their personality during events. For example, during key battle events each character may have their own commentary they provide based on their history or what had happened tens of hours ago.* This point is debatable -- the battle system is dated but I think it is still a joy to play, just not on normal for RPG veterans. Hard-mode is too top heavy, that is more difficult towards the beginning. For most players, I would suggest hard mode but you have to have patience to get past the first ten or so hours... and that is disappointing. Luckily, this is a sequel so you'd be consider buying this if you fell in love with the first.That being said, play Hard or Nightmare, Normal is too simple. However, that ALSO being said, this game can absolutely stand on its own without the battle system... so play on Normal if you just want the cinematic feel, I guess!"
76561198045946288,Recommended,251290,19427288,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Miga,"I finished this game about a week and a half ago but haven't had the chance to write a review until now due to schoolwork. Yes, I've played the first game back on the psp and have been waiting for this sequel for years (like many others here). I think it was worth the wait (though it was dreadful the first time I got FC's ending...and I wanted SC right away). Xseed clearly put a lot of time and effort into this game and it is also worth the price (spent so many hours on my first playthrough). I HIGHLY recommend people to play this gem of a game (play FC first though!). I look forward to playing future Kiseki games!! (so please support them so we can get moooooore~)"
,Recommended,251290,19517273,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dnx3,This game was so good that I now have to seriously consider learning Japanese so I can play the remaining untranslated games in the series.I don't know whether that's a good thing or a bad thing.
76561198098463311,Recommended,251290,19550441,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,know_naim,"In terms of story and character development this is probably one of the greatest jRPGs I have ever played. The wonderful cast of Trails in The Sky is what makies this title stand out and on top of that you'll find player friendly core gameplay with satisfying turn-based battles all wrapped in graphics and soundtrack that revoke the greatest greats of the genre. If you love jRPGs from the golden SNES/PS1 era this should be right up your alley. Trails has everything that made Chrono Trigger, Suikoden, FFVII and such awesome minus the chore of grinding, random encounters etc. This makes for an ideal entry point for newcomers, while the fantastic boss battles (a Falcom staple!) should still provide the right challenge for veterans. This is as close to a 10/10 a game can get in my book. Really recommend anyone who has a little love for the genre to play BOTH parts of Trails in The Sky.Important! You NEED to play the first part to fully understand whats going on in SC and get the most out of the story."
,Recommended,251290,19575521,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Chii,between FC and SC I've got about 150 hours of gameplay and lovely story.One of my favorite stories to date with loveable charactersI would buy this again for a friend any day.
76561198050666569,Recommended,251290,26154595,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ti-jo,"If you didn't enjoyed the story of the first, don't bother buy this game; the gameplay is exactly the same as the first.Those who loved the first don't need to be convinced as the story of the second is even better!"
,Recommended,251290,26157168,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"If you enjoyed the first chapter of Trails in the Sky, pick this one up without hesitation.  If you are new to the series, start with the first game, as this one takes place literally the day after the first game ends.  This isn't the sort of game where you can jump in with the sequel.How does the SC compare to FC?  I found the first chunk of the game to be much slower than the first, but I felt the finale was significantly better than the one in the first game.  The battle system is the same in both games, the only difference being the inclusion of some new quartz and arts.  SC is longer than FC, so be prepared for that.  Overall, I really love the series and am glad I got the chance to play through them both.Now to wait for the Third!"
,Recommended,251290,22297553,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Clumsy,This is 100% worth your money..!! must buy if you like this type of old school rpg
,Recommended,251290,25277070,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,hubcap92,"Even better than the previous entry. Love the expansion of character development and the expansion of the combat system. Story is even better, with great, witty dialogue. Side quests are great. One of the best RPGs I've played, very excited for the 3rd installment of the series."
76561198012119178,Recommended,251290,21856000,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TankHunter678,"A few words of warning:The quality of this game's story will make many other RPGs pale in comparison and become boring in how shallow and generic their stories are.This game may cause you to have feelings of wishing companies were not so fixated on graphics to carry the game, when story should.Seriously speaking, get this game and the first part, Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky because they are high quality games where storytelling, turn based tactical gameplay, music, and world depth trump pretty graphics.This game and the first one are perhaps the only RPGs where I actually bought the newspaper to see the reporters coverage of the very story you played through and other side events that happened while you were going through the story.There are a lot of characters in this game, the selectable player party gets up to 12 with 4 in the combat party while the word itself gets tons more. There is even an achievement for following the story of an NPC on his quest around Liberl in search of purpose, love, and place within the world.For its price the amount of story content and gameplay this game provides, especially combined with the first instalment,  is staggering. I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,251290,19323574,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,cfalcon,It's everything a sequel should be.-Picks up immediately where its predecessor left off.-Goes far deeper into the plot and lore of the world-Gives more back story for everyone-Stays true to the gameplay while adding improvements-New characters that are a good addition to the past-Far better than the already very good first gameNow the agonizing wait for♥♥♥♥♥♥The 3rd begins. The ride never ends.
,Recommended,251290,34962972,Posted: 14 September,all,HOLYONE,just as good as the first chapter but with an even better story 10/10
,Recommended,251290,29664684,Posted: 3 February,all,Corridors of Time,"I just love all the character developement!  The music is beyond amazing, just like with the First Chapter."
76561198043787903,Recommended,251290,29161963,Posted: 10 January,all,fatso catso,fc gave me crippling depressionsc gave me crippling depression againfor the love of god PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Recommended,251290,18970590,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zeleia,"Four and a half years is a long time to wait for a game, I think, but it seems I haven't outgrown this game yet, despite I've outgrown most jRPGs (and most games) in general in this time period. And Trails SC keeps reminding me of why I loved jRPG the way I did, growing up with it and all.It's pure sentimental, because when I finished downloading, I couldn't bring myself to press START despite obviously loving the previous installment. The last game's ending still impacted me even now, and Joshua and Estelle's love story is one of the few that I adore coming from a video game. But I also enjoyed as much, in this one, of Estelle finding Joshua, but more importantly, finding her own. She grew up a lot, I think, and she became one of the best female protag I've seen in a jRPG, period. She's funny, she's witty, she's sarcastic, she's strong yet vulnerable. I've never adored another female protag the way I adore her. The way Estelle grew up throughout the game is incredible.The country of Liberl remains just as immersive, and despite exploring the same cities over again, it does not feel old. If anything, I feel a little relief, because the first time playing FC I had felt a little - overwhelmed - at certain towns where it almost feels too real - too many NPCs who are genuine interesting. (Do you remember the shoppe keeper in Rolent in the first game and his mother's quest to find him a girl he could marry? Spoiler alert, she is successful!)Gameplay is a little slow at first, a little ""feature"" of Legend of Heroes series, as far as I know, and the sidequests can be repetitive at times, but I genuinely enjoy it. I probably wouldn't in any other games, but as I said, Trails SC simply is too rewarding to anyone who goes above and beyond to explore. Excuse me that I really like going from one side of the region to another for a sidequest just to enjoy the few funny scenes between the characters at the end of it.The music remains flawless. But has that ever been a question?In any case, I certainly recommend this game."
76561198058616409,Recommended,251290,25273616,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DavenIII,One of the best RPG's I've played in ages.
76561198339212044,Recommended,251290,31088589,Posted: 11 April,all,Gus54601,"I didn't think it possible, but this game exceeded the first in every way."
76561198040305315,Recommended,251290,25764186,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Nameless,"First of all, if you haven't played The Legend of Heroes,: Trails in the Sky First Chapter yet, do so now. Go on, I'll wait...Done that? Good. Now I don't have to give a review. If you played through the first game, then you know just why you should pick up this one."
76561198138261117,Recommended,251290,21697274,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HeavyFermion,"A flawed gem in the genere of JRPGs that if you can look past its flaws delivers a decent story with pretty good world building.  I found myself being engrossed in the problems the characters faced as I traveled around the kingdom of Liberl. If you are a fan of JRPGs consider going back and buying the first game( this one won't make sense unless you played the first), but if you are not a JRPG fan you might want to go elsewhere to get your feet wet first. Check out the several old Final Fantasy games first, or the recently Steam re-release of Disgaea( I want that at some point)That being said both games have a slow first 1/3,  the 2nd 1/3 builds up, and both the first and second game's last 1/3 had me on the edge of my seat.  The first game involves a sister and (adapted...) brother, Estelle and Josha, traveling around the kingdom and doing odd jobs in the various regions, but as you progress it becomes clear a sinster conspiricy is afoot that threatens the kingdom of Librel( this becomes why the final 1/3 had me on the edge of my seat).  The second game picks up after the first and it becomes clearer why the Society mentioned in the game description did what they did in the first game. I can understand the slow first 1/3 to an extent since we get to invest in the characters and meet people around the kingdom giving us a sense of investment when the games' climaxes occur.In general making something longer doesn't make it better, and I feel like there just isn't enough art assets to cover both the 1st and 2nd game and keep it fresh throughout.  Even though the designers clearly tried to rearange the buildings in various towns and such I can't shake the nagging feeling that despite it LOOKING different, the envirnments just don't FEEL different.  Could just be me though.  Ah yeah,  dungeons don't give you an overhead map so it makes navigating them frustraiting if they are in a forest or underground cave due to their irregular layout so do not rotate the camera while in those dungeons.  It helps keep your bearings.Combat I feel misses a few marks. Granted at the same time of playing through Trails in the Sky SC I am also playing XCOM 2 so that may be coloring my expectaitions of a turn based combat system. It is a standard square based grid you move around. You can attack, special attack or do orbal arts( ie magic).  The game makes a big deal about building your magic circuit up with various kinds of gems in order to get the best stat upgrades and by experimenting withlinking the correct gems together to unlock new magic spell.  Unfortunitly the game also makes them somewhat expensive, so I feel like the game isn't giving me the room to experiment.  I found the characters special attacks and basic attacks more effective most of the time since magic requires a turn to charge up.  Granted I was playing the 2nd game on easy so that made the combat a bit dull, mainly becasue normal diffculty on the first game had a difficulty curve that was flat for the first 1/2 then spiked during boss fights, which was just frustraiting.  So in the end I felt combat could have used a once over in the development of the game, and a more consistently rising difficulty curve so I don't instictly pick easy.  One last thing, prioritize upgrading Estelle and Joshua since the other characters come in and out of use depending on the needs of the plot.Which leads me to the plot, while engaging, does interfere with the game progression on occasion. Why should I spend resources to upgrade these other characters if they won't be around to help in a fight?  Also the frequent traveling to and around the various hub towns is begging for some kind of fast travel option to warp back to the nearest town to complete a quest. This could probably have cut a lot of unecesary faffing about, and ultimatly removed less interesting game time with minimal cost to the overall experience.Last but not least the soundtrack of the first game is decent, and the second game is excellent.  Every track works well in the situations they are played and as I'm updating this review I am listening to the 2nd game's OSTSo in the end the 2 Trails in the Sky games are worth your time if you want a somewhat classic JRPG with a solid story  and characters.  The gameplay, while flawed,  never gets near ragequit territory."
,Recommended,251290,34072421,Posted: 6 August,all,♫RL Link,"Having finally completed all 3 games, I feel I can write a proper review for this game. Obviously doing this on SC since it was my favorite of the trilogy.Been a while since I played a game that managed to pull me into its story, but this series managed to do that and then some. The first game acted as a good way to introduce you to majority of the characters and in the end get a idea of what's happening, while the second game concluded the adventure spectacularly. Some may say that the 3rd was unnecessary, or that some things were a little ""out of nowhere"" but I feel that it gave a deeper understanding of all the characters and where they stand. With the exception of Josette, I ended up growing to like every single one of them. Estelle is pretty darn great.On terms of music, the game is also really strong there. Visions really grabbed me in SC along with Merciless Savior. Silver Will is always hype.Now I'll just sit here and hope for Zero."
,Recommended,251290,22815470,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BolaTheBall,"If you liked the first, you are going to love this one."
,Recommended,251290,23363444,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ki,One of best jrpg I've ever played. Looking forward for 3rd series in steam soon!
,Recommended,251290,24396158,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Maryxus,"A step up from the first game, which was already an amazing diamond in the rough JRPG with a great story, interesting world, enjoyable characters and a reasonably engaging battle system. Definitely recommend--after playing the first, of course."
76561198091626323,Recommended,251290,30499443,Posted: 13 March,all,turkeyroastbig,"The boss design meeting for the game was like ""Yo lets make a boss with high health"" "" Nah lets make a boss that insta kills your party"" ""Nah man lets make a boss that can only be hit by one type of magic"" ""WHY NOT ALL THREE AT THE SAME TIME""."
,Recommended,251290,25486966,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kraust,Nearly a year later and this is still one of the best games on Steam.Do you like a game with- One of the heaviest stories that's so good that it could be a novel?- Orchestrated Music where the majority of the tracks of vocal versions available?- World building- An immersive turn based battle system customization?- A bunch (no spoilers) of different party members?- Multiple difficulty modes?- A New Game+ Mode where you can carry everything over into the next game?Did you like The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky?Well The Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky: SC is the perfect game for you. Make sure to play the first one first or you'll be lost and you'll hate yourself because you won't know what the hell is going on. The perfect niche game for a niche gamer.
,Recommended,251290,18820565,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Leondark,"Not much to say here.If you liked FC, you will like SC as well."
,Recommended,251290,18811615,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,rajtsu,putin loves♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251290,18894261,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Han Joon Gi,"I don't regret any second of playing this masterpiece.I've waited a year for this, it was so beautiful seeing it download <3Amazing game by all means, but you have to play the First Chapter before playing this.But god does it feel amazing to finally know what happens next!"
76561198065550431,Recommended,251290,18780949,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,azziraal7,"Totally worth it! Pretty much my favourite jrpg! It even stopped me from playing Tales of Zestiria :) And yeah it becomes pretty obvious why the translation took so long when you play the game for at least one hour xD . If you've played the first chapter, what are you hesitating for? And if you didn't play the first chapter, GO PLAY IT! ;)"
76561198136605856,Recommended,251290,18754456,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MrMirage1993,FOR JRPG FANS OUT THERE THOUGH THIS GAME IS KIND OF PRICY BUT IT IS TOTALLY WORTH BOTH MY TIME AND MONEY XDThe mini games can be quite addictive. Spent the last hours in casino
,Recommended,251290,18756590,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Zanda64,I cried tears of joy when I finaly heard that this game was being released. I've been waiting for this game for so long...
,Recommended,251290,22211096,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Schrodinger's rapist,was alright
,Recommended,251290,22012027,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Slickwilly06,One of the best JRPG's of all time. Period.
76561198122357055,Recommended,251290,22226120,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thecupcakes,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game, particularly as a follow-up to Trails FC.  The story is immersive and has moments of humour and seriousness, punctuated by the occasional dose of bad-a$$ery.  Highly recommended, but replay value is hampered by tedium (battle animations, backtracking, menu system - similar issues with FC).Pros:* Enjoyable characters* Immense level of detail put into the world - recipes, books, conversations, etc.* Engaging story* SoundtrackCons:* Not much in the way of new maps/locations vs. FC* Inability to skip battle-animations* Excessive backtracking between locations (a waypoint type of system would have been nice)* Menu system is annoying to traverse (lack of sort/filter for items, equipment/party exchange is cumbersome)"
,Recommended,251290,19983763,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kaye-,"Outdoes the first chapter in every way, which is to say, it steps well above most other JRPGs. The world knows you. Responds to some of your small, irrelevant actions. Responds to the world events you're apart of. There are so many unique lines that are often phoned in by other JRPGs. Every vendor, townsman, child, receptionist. The story spans the entire country, and while it starts out mirroring the first in a few ways (just with different motivations), that changes around mid-way, where it goes beyond regional events and you become involved in a much more involved story.Unfortunately, while the story concludes well enough, it still leaves a significant number of holes for the third chapter to occupy. For better or for worse.Combat system is still the same relatively simplistic one from the first chapter, though due to being able to reach 90 without much effort, and having much higher levels of orbments, your characters can do so much more."
,Recommended,251290,20470121,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Niklz,"After finishing this, you'll end up researching the entire ""Legend of Heroes"" game franchise and looking for ways to play them all. The mythology is that engrossing.  Hopefully the 3rd chapter get localized, but for now on to Trails of Cold Steel!"
76561198066123100,Recommended,251290,20524072,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Risax,"I immediately bought this game after replaying and finishing the first part of the Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. At first, I was a bit skeptical about the need to split this game in multiple parts. But then I quickly realized just how huge SC was. I mean, I spend even more hours with this than even the first part.Combat-wise, not much has changed. You can use more ""Arts"" due to the orbments having received an upgrade in universe, and you also get more ""S-Crafts"" as you level up, of course. The only new feature is the ""Chain"" attack, in which you can have multiple characters attack an enemy (or enemies) at once.Story-wise, I have to say that I loved learning more about The Society and, of course, Joshua's past. You also get to see the effects your actions in the first game had as you re-visit every city. Unfortunately, there aren't THAT many new locations. But I have to admit, the new places you do visit do look awesome. I especially liked the last area in the game.In any case, if you liked the first game you'll probably love this one too. And I for one hope that XSEED localizes The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky the 3rd, which is an Epilogue of sorts where you play as Kevin, soon!"
,Recommended,251290,20645377,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kris Dusk Luna,"If you've played FC, then nothing needs to be said here.If you haven't played FC, what're you waiting for?Just an awesome JRPG with a deeply touching storyline and superb OST. Combat system may or may not be the best, but nevertheless enjoyable.SC brings a very nice nostalgic touch to people who've finished FC, as well as noticeable improvements to lots of aspects to the game without destroying the original feel.Definitely not your average run-of-the-mill JRPG, personally I think the LoH series ranks alongside other fantastic JRPG series such as Final Fantasy and Suikoden. Worth every penny and every moment of your time."
,Recommended,251290,20694225,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Kingosuper,"If you liked the first game this is essentially an upgraded version of that. It definitely has flaws here and there, but overall this combined with First Chapter is an excellent JRPG with great characters, good combat once you understand the orbment system, and a story that should keep you hooked throughout the whole game."
,Recommended,251290,20695774,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Daft Behemoth (S`A),"A fantastic continuation of Estelle and Joshua's story from the first chapter. It picks up immediately after the events of the first game, so those of you who can't handle the cliffhanger any longer can finally be put at ease. Expect more of the same endearing dialogue and excellent turn based battles.Here's to more Legend of Heroes titles in the future!"
,Recommended,251290,21045596,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Serge,"Just finished the game. Hands down one of the best JRPG's there are on the market. Heck. Trails in the Sky is one of the best JRPG's ever made.I am a ""veteran"" JRPG player, been playing since elementary school. I have played a quite big number of famous titles (Final Fantasy etc.) and also other less famous titles (Wild Arms etc.). Only a few of them had me hooked up, making me have all sorts of emotions while playing. This game being one of them.The story of Trails is one of the most deep and emotion twisting story of all the JRPG's i played. From the start it seems like a simple ""cliché"" story about a girl trying to climb to be the best [insert job here]. But, the lore of the game and everything happening around the protagonist(s) are overwhelming. I personally think you can write a whole novels series based on this one game alone.The plot of Trails is one of the best in its genre. The battle system is unique and fun. The soundtracks are somewhat nostalgic, I don't know why. The NPC's have their own relations to each and every other character in the game. Yes, EVERY NPC.Even after beating the game, I am still curious about the rest of the plot around the game, hoping XSEED will quickly release the translated Trails in the Sky TC.If you are an avid player of JRPG's, I definitely recommend Trails in the Sky FC and SC. It won't disappoint.10/10"
76561197970122669,Recommended,251290,21056906,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jolkien,"Must play for anyone who looks back on it's childhood having played all the jRPG greats. Final Fantasy IV, XI, Chrono Trigger, Lufia etc.Rich and detailed world. Characters with actual development. Very fun combat system. The magic system allows for a good layer of strategies. While it's plot won't break any new ground in term of jRPG, it harkens back to the classic and I dare say surpass most of them.If you keep seeing modern jRPG and thinking back how turn based Final Fantasies were so good, and old games were so much better look no further and you will find a story, and diverse caste of characters in my opinion better written than anything pretty much any classic tropy jRPG. Not every game needs to innovate with never before seen idea (most of the plot has been seen in animes and other jRPG but never pulled off with such elegance.)There's definitely a lot of text to read and both games (FC and SC) are totally ''slow burn'' type of game but the pay off is amazing in the end.I can't recommend it enough."
76561198255427136,Recommended,251290,21091976,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Aero,"This and the first chapter are really my greatest games of all timeAnd much like the first game, it's just downright amazing from beginning to end. There is just so much love and attention to detail put into these games and it really really shows. This game is an experience and I cannot even express with words how much I recommend it and how important of a game it is to me now.Please give these games a go. You won't regret it"
,Recommended,251290,21124755,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Deight,"""Back again? You might be the most desperate hero I've ever met."" The Treasure Chest dialogues are the best thing ever.This game is a beautiful journey through Liberl with a cast of amazing character (both Playable and Non-Playable) and tight gameplay that will keep you occupied for hours, I highly recommend this game (And Trails in the Sky FC. Play this first if you want the whole experience.). 10/10"
76561198135961940,Recommended,251290,20906064,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,FilthyCasual,"...If you are down here, reading this review, you have traveled far my friend. Seriously, how many reviews did you scroll through?No matter.Anyway,Do not hesitate! Buy the first chapter, then buy this game. It is so freaking amazing, it can only be believed by experiencing it yourself."
,Recommended,251290,20948392,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[九]Ferain 鉄の雨,best rpg.
,Recommended,251290,20778633,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ｅｔｏ,I've just finished the game on my PSP (~55+ hours)The Trails in the Sky series are some of the best games I've ever played.FC: 9/10SC: 9.5/10
76561198022692782,Recommended,251290,20790244,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pluschi-x,"I really recommend playing the first chapter before starting this game, but none the less you have to play this game if you like JRPG."
76561198066153187,Recommended,251290,20797512,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mordrin,Loved this game. Hope to see part 3 in english soon.
,Recommended,251290,21657751,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cygnus,While it may get boring at times I greatly enjoyed this game and the characters. ALSO THROW ALL YOUR MONEY AT TRAILS WE NEED MORE KISEKI GAMES #TeamAgate
,Recommended,251290,20179466,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,A Sad Space Rock,Best JRPG of the last 15 years.
,Recommended,251290,20386381,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Aloe,"It has been a loooong looong long while since I got addicted this badly to a game. And it's such a shame that the third chapter isn't translated (yet). I want to play it super badly and will insta buy it once it comes out. I'm a big fan of these series and will continue to buy other related games when they will be available on steam.Btw I'm super in love with Ouroboros. The 'bad' guys all are so greatly designed, for once bad guys don't♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Weissman, phantom thief and Renne are my favourite characters in these games (along with Agate). I feel like such a dweeb."
76561197976270164,Recommended,251290,24516147,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,grantcz,"Simply amazing game. One of the best (if not the best) jrpg on steam, and a must play for any fan of genre."
,Recommended,251290,22036382,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,"Prof Dick Cancer, AIDS.","As an RPG-obsessed anime nerd, this is the best RPG I've ever played, ahead of any Final Fantasy/Lunar/any other RPG I can think of. It'll have your onii-chan rock solid by the end."
,Recommended,251290,20573567,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Nell,"A really fantastic and heartwarming game with an intricate skill system, interesting combat, and memorable music.  Everything from the way the npcs go about their daily lives to the way they went so far as to add amusing little quips to previously looted boxes as a helpful way of reminding you what you already looted just show a remarkable attention to detail.  I would say anyone who really enjoys reading, enjoys the role playing part of the RPG, or just in general loves a good story would find this game to be a well loved and treasured part of their collection.  I only hope falcom will continue to release this series here on steam.  ^^"
76561197970942245,Recommended,251290,31740625,Posted: 13 May,all,stripewing,"I just completed Trails in the Sky SC and can thoroughly recommend it. The gameplay is fun, the artwork and music are absolutely beautiful and the characters and story are well fleshed out and fun. Some if the dialogue in the game had me laughing quite literally out loud (for the right reasons). Even though there are 3 Trails in the sky games, This one ties up a lot and doesn't leave the story in a cliff hanger, so the game feels very complete, but there's definitely a bit of groundwork put down for the next game.If you played Trails FC first (which you really should do) then you can expect the same battle system and many of the same locations. There are bracer guild missions and main story as in the last game. The main difference is that you get to choose party members from quite an early stage in the game.The battles in the field don't seem as challenging as in the FC. I remember having to be quite careful Ina all of the early fights in FC, but in this game the battle strategy was no so important. Boss battles were a different matter, and some took a couple of goes to work out how to approach them. If you read the forums, many talk about a particularly difficult boss near the end of the game, which some say took a lot of luck and levelling up. It took me three tries and no grinding, just had to explore its weaknesses, change my magic set up a tiny bit  and devise the right strategy. I'd say the battles are fair, and  some are intended to make you feel like they are much harder, until you get the correct strategy.As with FC, the characters, the artwork and the music are what I really love about this game, and most of falcoms games. Trails in he sky the 3rd is now available on steam and I will absolutely be playing it."
76561198057875952,Recommended,251290,27721081,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lozange,"Well this is probably the easiest review ever.Did you play and enjoy Trails in the sky to completion? Then yes, you should totally buy this game.Have you not played Trails in the sky yet? Then go play that first, then play this game. It's called second chapter for a reason. You don't start a book halfway through...probably. Do you do that? If you do that's kind of weird honestly. I'm getting off topic.This game's great, basically. Third chapter when."
76561198010227034,Recommended,251290,31682928,Posted: 11 May,all,Seseau,"Played this game some time last year, but forgot to review it.By now, I'm a huge fan of the Trails series, especially Trails in the Sky. Great story-telling, great character development and incredible worldbuilding. No JRPG series matches it in that last regard, in my opinion.The Trails series has become a guilty pleasure of mine and a must-buy. I look forward to having all of them localized eventually, many props to XSEED for their work.Highly recommended."
76561198025612395,Recommended,251290,20326619,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LewdValkyria.exe,"Returned to Rolent to find a CatBest Quest ever 11/10Okay, enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! This game is the best sequel I have ever seen!  I could go more into the details, but I am too lazy! Sorry, Senpai!Nevertheless! Buy the first game first! YOU HAVE TO PLAY THE FIRST GAME,OTHERWEISE YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING!This game offers a good sequal, challenging and improved combat system, a living enoviroment( People acutally make remarks of your actions and references to the previous game!) and a well-written, plot twist-filled story ( I cry everytime!)It is a time consuming game and the graphics are pretty much dated, but it makes up for that  with the mentioned features and let's be real: Graphics are not everything see ""The Order 1886"" which was a pretty much below average"
,Recommended,251290,32978654,Posted: 29 June,all,The Memessiah,The 50 hours of world and character building you sat through in First Chapter all culminates here and truly ends Estelle's story arc with a massive explosion.10/10
76561198257258420,Recommended,251290,24668913,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,black fang,"This game is one of the best so far, the only problem is the price, other than it being os expensive, I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,251290,21415465,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Croy,Buy the first chapter. Play it. Buy this chapter. Play it.Piece of cake?
,Recommended,251290,24538173,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Apple Bottom Jeans,"Amazing game, the perfect followup to the first chapter, the story was absolutely perfect."
76561198194109907,Recommended,251290,26609259,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,garik16,"Phenomenal follow up to the First Chapter at nearly twice the length.  Some pacing issues with the story maybe, but they're minor and the characters and gameplay are all great.  The first game was amazing and this is as well.  Go Play both now."
76561198049322634,Recommended,251290,20636511,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Im a Dog,"This game is Aidios work. I don't think I'll ever truly enjoy another set of games as much as I did with my experience with Trails. Truly a living, breathing world and breathtaking storyline, characters, setting, and atmosphere that all left me feeling with indescribable amounts of joy, that you will just have to start with Trails FC like everyone else and experience yourself. Because trust me when I say this, you will be thanking Aidios when you start this Magnum Opus of a series."
,Recommended,251290,20262028,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lovnag,This game makes me cry like a little girl.
76561198010713854,Recommended,251290,19297092,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Timberwoof22,"If you liked the first chapter, then this game you'll like even more.  A perfect sequel! The story's depth and the gameplay is stunning, and words cannot describe how well done this game is despite it's age. Sometimes you would find a game with great story but not so great gameplay or vise versa, but this one works out the balance between the two. An absolute recommendation to play if you enjoyed the first chapter (it gets better!)."
,Recommended,251290,21247875,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Thoraxes,"This, combined with Trails FC, is one of the greatest gaming experiences i've ever had.I'll always treasure the time I spend with this franchise, and will continue to do so in the future.There's really nothing else like it. The least I can do is thank Nihon Falcom for creating such an excellent engaging and engrossing experience, and thank XSEED for putting in some insane time and dedication to bring this title out. I have no words to express the amount of gratitude I feel for the fact that this title managed to get localized and released in English.From the bottom of my heart, thank you releasing FC and SC on Steam. My life would be lesser without the precious time i've spent with this series."
,Recommended,251290,18966549,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Invalidlinks,For Aidios sake! Buy this game!! You will not regret it!
,Recommended,251290,19329506,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,KuuEba-chan わふ!,"I have Only played the Second Chapter For 6 hours as i am writing this review but here we goedit: Finished the gameThe OverwiewThe Legend of heroes:trial's in the sky SC is a direct sequel to the Previous game so if you planning to buy this game dont if you did not played The First Chapter DO NOT BUY i repeat DO.NOT.BUY.If you did you will MISS tons of the story so buy FC Then Buy SC Easy? OkayThe CharactersEstelle:The main protagonist,a cheerful girl and kinda funny at times in search of her Adoptive brother/soon become boyfriend and try to stop the society.Joshua:Estelle's adopted brother who left at the end of the first chapter to ""settle the score.""Scherazard:A senior bracer who acts like an older sister to Estelle and was trained by Cassius BrightOliver:A handsome blond man from the Erebonian empire who claims to be a traveling musicianAgate:A red-headed B-ranked Senior Bracer from a small village in the Bose regionKlose/Kloe:A female student of the Royal Jenis Academy in rural Ruan who is revealed to be the heir to the throne of the Liberl Kingdom near the end of the first installmentTita:The 12-year-old granddaughter of Albert Russell, the founding father of Orbment technology, and a genius like her grandfatherZane:A giant of a man hailing from the Calvard Republic, he is a skilled martial artist and one of the highest-ranking bracers in the worldThe GameplayGameplay Is the Same As the Previous game, It's a Turn based RPGYou attack using you're Weapon's,Art's And Craft'sThere is also the new Chain craft system and some minigame'sNow instead of only go fishing that one time in FC You can go fish now you can fish anytime and anywhereTh StoryNow like i mention i only played the game for 6 hours by the time of this reviewBut that's good becuse i can't spoil anything :)Anyway the story took place after FC Cliffhanger Ending (Make sure you played FC first) And Estelle Is now on a journey to find JoshuaThat's as much as im going to say about the story so that's thatSo far i am half way through chapter 1 and im going to finish to the end And give my full impression so that's that.Verdicti can't say how amazing this game is. the ending is pretty satisfying i must say,but it's a setup for 3rd chapter Which we dont know when it's gonna be released in english,probably next yearRating:9.5/10"
76561197984331623,Recommended,251290,20510449,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,lorki,"I was really looking for the second chapter. First of all the game is amazing. Lovely character, great story, credible game world.The story continues after the First Chapter. The pacing of the story is pretty strong.They improved the turn-based-battle-system compared to the first chapter. More Arts, chain attacks, 4 difficultys. For the first playthrough i prefer the normal game mode.This game is a must have for traditionell JRPG Fans.Thank you XSEED for translating and releasing the game on steam. I hope the game sells well and I'm looking forward for the Third Chapter. Hopefully soon :)"
,Recommended,251290,20254381,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fantasystrategist525,"10 out of 10, just amazingIf you are reading this and have played first chapter, do not even hesitate to buy it.  It does not matter if it is not on sale or not (because it doesnt go on sale that much anyway).  If you are reading this and did not play the first game, do not hesitate to buy both.In my opinion, this game did so many things right that the first did not, the biggest of all allowing you to change who is in your party at any given moment (except the obvious Estelle and maybe who absolutely needs to be in your party at the time.  This game is also twice as long as the first, which we all know that in JRPGs, longer is always better, especially for a game like this.  My only issue with this game (and it is not very big) is that you never have enough water sepith, water-type quartz being very useful, especially for your health.  It just seems that if you are going to make water quartz more abundant and necessary, you could have given us more opportunities to allow us to craft it.It doesn't need to take a JRPG fan to love this game, only one who likes to read A LOT of dialogue."
,Recommended,251290,27868264,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drex,"A good game and one of the few JRPGs available on PC. I really look forward to seeing Falcom and Xseed and what not put more and more JRPGs on PC regardless of age or original platform, although new ones would be great also since we don't see a lot in the US at all especially on PC.I do recommend this game, however it is a direct as in RIGHT AFTER sequel to Trails in the Sky, so do not play this one until you've played the previous one it's less of a sequel and more of a second half.While I will say I think I'd highly rate the former game a tad higher because the content was completely fresh, while this one is fresh on story, much of the world is directly recycled from the former game (same game engine and all) also almost all the same characters are playable except a little more choice than before.Regardless of the repeated content it's also sometimes interesting to go revisit places you've saved or whatnot before and see what's going on there, as well as having a familiarity with the existing world already so when people talk about something half way across the map you get the gist of what that is. Also, the map is a little more free roaming than before, in the first title you end up linearly stuck in areas a lot more often than you see in this part of the story.If you already played the previous one, expect more of the great well written dialog though that really builds characters well. Expect a few more faces in your party, Expect a lot more moving around the world, but mostly to places you've been to before. Expect revisiting old characters you've met in the past and seeing what they're up to now which is great. Expect the same battle system but with a few more characters involved and a lot more powerful magic. Oh yeah, and the orbament configuration system is totally different. Also, while I enjoyed the game I think the battles were a bit less difficult actually especially the final boss in comparison, but no matter it's a great game either way, if you enjoy JRPGs this is a great buy but play the previous one first or you probably won't enjoy the story at all because you won't know what's going on!"
76561198030144320,Recommended,251290,26732403,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Rondoudou du chaos,"Fantastic game.Bigger and better than the first one.Long build-up, great pay off."
,Recommended,251290,18966021,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,SeventhCrimson,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky SCis, without a doubt, the most impressive JRPG I have ever played. Every aspect of this game is incredibly well-executed: the story is one of the most memorable I have come across, the battle system is fine-tuned and engaging, and the music is immaculate, correctly setting the appropriate tone for each situation in the game.However, most JRPGs (and games in general) have the qualities previously stated. What really makes this game stand out from the others is its attention to detail on the more minor aspects of the game. For one, most characters (including non-playable characters) have their own backstory. Even though these may be unrelated to the game’s main plot, it is always interesting, and sometimes shocking, to hear about these and what shaped these characters’ identities in the time setting of the game.As this game is a direct sequel from the its predecessor,The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, many features and mechanics were carried over into this game with some small adjustments made here and there. Chain Crafts were introduced to provide a new option to players deciding on the best way to take on an engagement. Orbments and Arts have been slightly “rebalanced” in such a way that the player really has to think about whether they want better attributes or new Arts to use in battle. Additionally, there is a decent amount of choice between what equipment to choose for each character. In the first game, newly discovered equipment generally offered better overall attributes. However, this game allows you to choose between improved defense, attributes to make your character better at Arts, or attributes to make your character more agile. Though this detail is rather moderate, it goes a long way to provide the player with more character customization.All of this is what makesThe Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky SCsuch a wonderful game to play through as well as a better game than its predecessor. I thank you XSEED for taking their precious time localizing this and cannot wait to play the next localized installment inThe Legend of Heroesseries which, at the time of writing this review, would beThe Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel."
,Recommended,251290,20812413,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,P90 Ninja Warrior,"the story is right after first chapter and this one is way longer than the first chapter, with much more orbal combination and skillpros:one of the best JRPG out there, good story, skill (trust me you will spend at least an hour just to adjust the orbal combination and see the book a few times), alot of craft skill and S-Break for each character and good musiccons:some bug still there, sometimes the game even crash, some side quest got strange clue especially on blueblanc quest and you need to go around every single house and every corner of the city just to find a clue.and the worst part, almost every single boss and his minions on could resist almost all status effects (mute,petrify,slow,poison,etc) which means all kind of debuffs are useless because on normal battles you can just wipe out all monsters with AoE damage skill, getting worse when the OP joshua is coming back with his highest time orb skill (abyss fall,etc) can wipe stray monster with 1 hit skill AoE, so basically, the battle is mostly on attack art, healing, and buff (shield, speedup,etc)need the 3rd chapter~"
,Recommended,251290,20613352,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Melo,"That game is an absolute masterpiece.I was scared after First Chapter that SC would have trouble beeing better or even equal but waow. How far from the truth I was, the story is the best I have ever seen in a JRPG so far. It is deep, very deep, but it does not lose its way in its own complexity, everything has a meaning and a purpose. It is so well written and paced, I can't even imagine what TC will be like. The characters are a big part to the game's success, Estelle's journey from an annoying teenager to such a strong willed young woman was amazing to follow. Joshua, Oliver and all the supporting characters are all so fleshed out and not overlooked that it made this story feel like it was important to me.That is a game that will leave a mark like not many other have managed to do. FF VI did that to me when I was 12, I didn't think a game would manage to do it again 18 years later to the adult I am now. It is hard to find that kind of experiences, it is a very rare and precious thing. I could not recommend this game enough."
76561197973083190,Recommended,251290,23019978,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Aloysius,Epic #2
,Recommended,251290,25236546,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JulieNick,"The Second Chapter expands on the first game in the series and add to its battle and magic system. The story continues to be really engaging and interesting. The characters continue to grow. It's about twice the length of the first one, with lots more to do, lots of optional side-quests and activities. Really excellent game!"
76561198044490816,Recommended,251290,25444746,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Porn Flakes,"If you haven't played FC, don't play this game.- Fantastic world building.- Good pacing.- Memorable characters with great character development who even feel like friends. Even talking to NPCs are rewarding as learn what they go throughought their daily lives every time you progress the story.- Great storyline that's heartwarming.- Superb soundtrack (probably one of my favourites).- Battle system is fun and doesn't feel repetitive.- Never felt the need to grind and just flowed with the story.- Intersting sidequests but some of them can be easily missed, so 100% may require a guide.I truly wish more rpgs were like this. Personal 10/10. Well done Nihon Falcom."
,Recommended,251290,31634138,Posted: 8 May,all,Ascheroth,"This is the sequel (or, more correctly, second part) of Trails in the Sky FC (known as just Trails in the Sky on Steam for some reason).Again, the game is a direct continuation of the first game, so you should absolutely not play this without having completed its predecessor! (but you can certainly buy it anyway, in fact you should! :p)Here's my review for FC, which applies to this game as well, so I'm not going to bother repeating myself here.But in short: This series is fantastic. Buy it."
,Recommended,251290,32991607,Posted: 29 June,all,Mach,10/10 best classic turn-based JRPG I've ever played.
76561198090667700,Recommended,251290,31316877,Posted: 23 April,all,alisa_makora,"Trails in the Sky is a great game for those who value amazingly solid storytelling and great, entertaining characters. The written dialogue is gold."
,Recommended,251290,33000619,Posted: 29 June,all,Hongyew91,"The storyline, turn-based battle and background music are so good.10/10 recommended"
,Recommended,251290,18916005,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Lebos808,Trails in the Sky FC was one of my favorite games ever and I'm loving SC so far!
76561198045504212,Recommended,251290,18917544,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,1985 BUSH FINDS JESUS,THANK GOD
76561198018735518,Recommended,251290,18907737,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Chieftain Scarr,This game feels so great. The female protagonist can be a bit annoying early on but has matured quite a bit from the previous chapter. The gameplay is pretty easy to understand but not too easy. Overal I would recommend it highly to jrpg fans!
76561198298629834,Recommended,251290,31457389,Posted: 30 April,all,The Theater Thug Strikes Again,"As much as I had enjoyed the First Chapter, the Second one builds upon an already astonishingly fun game and makes it great.The music is better,the characterizations are better,orbments are improved and even more powerful,answers are given to important plot threads from the previous game,You get to pick a partner in the beginning of the game, giving it fantastic replayablity,Estelle gains so much character development,...Joshua has a scarf![ahem]Bottom line, if you love JRPGS, and if you liked the first game, do yourself a favor and buy this, it's well worth your time.9/10"
,Recommended,251290,21744374,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,KATO,"This one continues on from the first chapter and it does pay homage to the previous game a fair bit, so if you haven't played it, go grab the first one.It has a bit of repetition as far as revisiting all the locations again but I never felt like it was just replaying the previous game.   If you liked the first one, this is a good conclusion of the arc and you won't be disappointed."
76561197970887820,Recommended,251290,21973398,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mandrake42,"Look, I'm not really ready do do a full proper review of this until I finish it completely, but there is no way this is not getting a recommendation. The only way they could spoil it is if the two main characters die in the end (Hint: There is a third chapter and they are in it. No, that isn't a spoiler, I mean, its the 3rd freaking chapter of the story ABOUT THESE CHARACTERS). So Im giving it a thumbs up because it deserves it. I'll revisit when Im done fully and give a detailed review then. For now, just trust me that if you loved the first, you will love this one and it's getting a thumbs up. For those of you who haven't played the first gane, its on Steam. Its for sale. If you have money you can buy it. Go on, shoo."
76561198009425167,Recommended,251290,21877516,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Delarocha21,"I'll keep this review short and sweet, your time is better spent playing than reading reviews anyways.Instead of listing all the many, many reasons you should buy this game, I'll list the conditions in which you shouldn't:You don't like video gamesYou don't like readingYou prefer a predictable plot, mediocre dialogue, and simple charactersSeriously, if you're interested enough to be reading reviews for this game, do yourself a favor and buy it. And on the off-chance that you haven't played the first yet you'll need that one too, these games play in order.tl;dr - BUY THIS GAME10/10"
,Recommended,251290,30522756,Posted: 15 March,all,Divine Raphiel,"After play the first Trails in the sky, i really exited to play this game. This game has been improved in battle style and make me want to play it for a long time but make me sad to think that this game will end eventually. If you have played the first trails in the sky, you have to play this one as well, but if you haven't, my suggestion is play the first one first and you are absolutly have to because this game has incredible story line and battle features."
,Recommended,251290,25833450,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,El*Porno*Maestro36,Sequel to FC. Where a lot of thing from FC unfolds. You played FC for this. Definately worth!
,Recommended,251290,25876780,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,mckinst87,"Just sublime from start to finish, almost perfect."
76561198072744321,Recommended,251290,30871700,Posted: 1 April,all,Artrain,"Continuation of Trails in the Sky, this is the second chapter. The game plays basically the same, and the positives from the previous game are still seen here (good story, memorable characters, excellent writing and dialogues, and entertaining gameplay), so I will only touch on the difference here, and that is: female protagonist. This game is much more of a story of Estelle than the previous one was. And the game has a habbit of repeatedly making it known to you. In each chapter you'll hear the line, ""Estelle, you have grown"" or one of its variations (""Estelle, there is a new steel in you"", ""Estelle, you seem more mature"", etc.) thrown at you at least ten times.Problem is she has not really grown at all, so one is left wondering what the protagonist has done to deserve this constant praise. It also has a lot of illogical moments where said protagonist takes charge and commands action from those much senior to her. This considering the fact that Estelle is not meant to be smart in any way whatsoever as a character leaves us scratching our heads a little bit.I'm also not at all into sibling romance bullsh*t. Okay they aren't blood related, but they've been living in the same house for 5 years+ and are calling the same person their dad, and now suddenly get feelings for each other? Urgh. In that way this game is pretty restricting. You cannot make any important choices and are pretty much stuck watching a linear storyline unfold.These are just my opinions though, and if you like the character of Estelle, and have no problem with the whole Estelle x Joshua shipping, you'll enjoy this game just as much as the first."
76561197967108792,Recommended,251290,26701273,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fuepepe,Amazing game. Please purchase this to show your support for 3rd and crossbell.
76561198069339880,Recommended,251290,33992079,Posted: 3 August,all,Arbiter515,"In case you missed that title card, this is Trails in the Sky SC. This game is a direct sequel to the first Trails game, and as such if you jump in without playing that game, then you'll probably be very confused. Gameplay has been expanded upon from Sky 1 due to increased stat pool and magic availability. Heck we even get a party menu this time. As a standalone game SC is still good, but it is a poor starting point as the first 2 sky games were originally designed as one game. If you enjoyed the characters, story, and gameplay of the previous installment. Then this game shouldn't disappoint. But as I said before, this is as direct a sequel you can get. In order to get the full experience, you have to play the previous installment first for sake of awareness & continuity."
76561198292107137,Recommended,251290,29996754,Posted: 17 February,all,Xesartlu,Great continuation to the story of FC!
,Recommended,251290,29414539,Posted: 21 January,all,Platinum,"If you're here because you completed the FIRST part, then just buy the damn second chapter, its worth it. If you haven't played this game at all then go check out the FIRST one, this is the second part.But here's my review for the game as a whole:Let me start by asking this... Why haven't you bought this game already??Trails in the Sky is an AMAZING rpg with soooo many unique and fun bits to it. The 3 main things about this game are: Very long adventure, Awesome and emotional story, and unique (in my opinion) gameplay! If you're looking for a game with those 3 things then this game is perfect! You've got many diverse characters, lots of side-quests and secrets to find, fun & flexible fighting, AAAAAAAAND you can gamble all your money away in a casino in one of the towns! :39.8/10Overall - If you have 80-120 hours to spare, and want a fun game to get attatched to, THIS game is perfect! Also, the game includes a lot of dialog, so if you dont like that kind of stuff then leave now, but otherwise, PLAY IT. Oh, and save a lot."
76561198053721145,Recommended,251290,29409927,Posted: 21 January,all,AxelEvans,Simply the most underrated series ever.
76561198017443921,Recommended,251290,29965939,Posted: 16 February,all,superPink,"Enjoyed it very much. A old school rpg with a very well written story. Even with its old fashion graphics, the town came alive not like any recent rpg I had played. Play this if you like a good old story."
76561197992418627,Recommended,251290,18930916,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,JB,"Oh come on, how can you not love this game series? Seriously just buy it already. It is an endearing epic adventure with an ingenuous magic and casting system.The first few hours you may feel that it looks babyish and is silly looking; but it just turns into a radient and colourful brilliant piece of work. I love this game."
76561198013703231,Recommended,251290,19001323,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Couch Tomato,"Solid, entertaining JRPG with a deep story and great dialogue. If you've already played FC, then you already know what you're getting into, but a lot more (it feels like FC is really just the prologue). In other words, if you played and finished FC, and you enjoyed it, then you should get this. I hope the game sells well to support the translators on this colossal task!"
76561198043570888,Recommended,251290,23333246,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Thenewno2,"If you played the first one and liked it, the second one is more of the same.  There is a greater focus on the individual characters here and most of the locations are reused from the first game, though there are some new ones.  The endgame is also much better than in the first and features some memorable boss fights."
,Recommended,251290,23113821,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Broken Fantasy,"A truly excellent followup to FC, with well-developed protagonists, a detailed, charming world and satisfying turn-based combat. Get it if you love JRPGs."
76561198064054566,Recommended,251290,23128494,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,bugfragged,"Pros:-Great story and dialogue-Estelle has some of the best one-liners-NPCs actually have their own story going on rather than simply being glorified newspapers like in other RPGs, making for better world building-More bosses with S-Crafts-All orbment slots can be used in the beginning, making it much easier to customize characters.Cons:-The sepith drops are pretty low and are actually capped at 70 of each element per battle.-As of posting this, some of the achievements are still broken-Most of the treasure chest double dipping messages are copy-pasted-I feel that movement should get a shorter delay, possibly scaled on the distance moved.-Enemy radar works in certain areas, but usually not in dungeons-I don't quite understand some of the villains' motivations (Direwolf and Bell)-The Sky Bandit Stronghold area lacks a proper means of healing. Damn Capuas are cutting corners!UPDATE: I was pleasantly surprised to see that more of the copy-pasted chest messages were replaced with unique ones in the recent version."
,Recommended,251290,20799058,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,The Colonel,"in the sequel to the good jrpg, the story continues as estelle continues to prove why she is cool and awesome, and then she and her friends all high-five each other and they throw a party and then go on an adventure to fight Big Fire"
,Recommended,251290,21782510,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BUMP OF CHICKEN,Tita's S-Craft is one of the cutest things I've ever heard.Come on everybody
76561198062420015,Recommended,251290,25245453,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tracster,Olivier + chests = 12/10
76561198047040548,Recommended,251290,27129150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Makoto (・ωｰ)～☆,Everything is so good...As long as you love jrpg...Sorry i have to go and cry myself to sleep.
,Recommended,251290,27690899,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Porforis,"FC was the best JRPG I've played in over a decade, with great depth and characters with a battle system that while not perfect, wasn't trying to do much with a billion gimmicks and was rock solid. And while I was eagerly awaiting SC, I had a feeling of dread in the back of my head that it would be a letdown. ""Yes, SC could be better but there's not a ton of room to improve. And will another 100 hours of the same still be fun at the end?""Well, expectations were blown away. Admittedly, I didn't really use the new chain craft system so there wasn't a ton of improvement in the battle system in my book. And unlike with Trails of Cold Steel 2 which felt the need to present ever-more-powerful arts and S breaks that eventually bordered on the absurd and resulted in a largely broken system where pretty much every boss but the final boss could be one or two-shotted, SC kept its balance which I appreciate - Even if it doesn't make much sense that Estelle has smacked a guy directly in the face 50 times with a metal staff and he's still standing. Hey, need to have some suspension of disbleief.Anyways, the story is where the game stepped up to the plate, and it hit it out of the park. Where it could have been sappy it was serious, while not taking away from the obvious emotional themes running through our protagonist's head. It did a lot to expand the world, and make you constantly want to know more about the world and other countries -which thankfully you get to explore more in Cold Steel, and if it's ever localized, the Crossbell arc.Overall, a truly masterful game that's stood the test of time that was expertly localized. Maybe about three typos in a ridiculous amount of text. Absolutely recommend this game for fans of JRPGs. Obviously play First Chapter first though."
,Recommended,251290,20714950,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Procy,729 hours well spent
76561198009455710,Recommended,251290,20023500,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hawke,Great JRPG with a very detailed world.
76561198030754758,Recommended,251290,19017349,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,megakaefer,"This game is a masterpiece. If you played the first chapter of the series and liked it, then be assured that this sequel fulfills all expectations you could have and most likely even surpasses them. If you did not play the first chapter, then I strongly recommend you to try it out. Otherwise you might miss one of the greatest JRPGs ever, rivaling the best titles of the Final Fantasy series. And that is a statement I do not make lightly.Strong Points:- captivating story and well-crafted characters- effective and highly strategic turn-based combat system- beautiful soundtrack- good mix between the typical linear progression for JRPGs and a multitude of sidequests at almost every stage in the story- flawless localisation that succeeds in preserving a lot of the humour in dialogue and character interaction- the 'hard' difficulty is actually hard but not frustrating (though I can very much imagine that the 'nightmare' difficulty might be)Weak Points:- dated graphics (although I think they are used effectively and do not take away from the experience)- very formulaic in its execution of the JRPG genre; many things feel like one has seen them before which makes the game sometimes rather predictable (however, there are some quite well-executed plot twists)- the world itself is reused in many places from the first chapter; while it is nice to meet places and people again I could understand if this aspect would bore some playersSo all in all, while the Second Chapter of The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky does not reinvent the genre and mostly walks along familiar paths, it does so astonishingly well. It is unfortunate that the game is relatively unknown and localisation of the third chapter is still very much up in the air. For any fans of JRPGs this game gets the strongest possible recommendation from me and even if you are new to the genre, this might be one of the best places to start."
,Recommended,251290,18930894,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,rampegz,"I've been waiting for a decade to play this installment, The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky SC are just a massive awesome game with a deep story telling, great improved combat system, beautiful soundtrack and even the NPCs have their own line and each one of them have a freaking NAME and have their own mini background story (not all of em tho). Each choice you make in the game will really affect your gaming experience and it's simply awesome.and each one of the playable character are really interesting in their own way, heck... even you can control a cute, adorable toddler  that carrying a big-a$$ machine Gatling gun in the battle while saying ""PREPARE TO MEET YOUR DOOM...."" and saying ""huh,,, Scary!!!"" afterwards LOLAmazing OST ✔Epic Story ✔Relaxing and Fun Mini-game ✔Awesome Side quest ✔Gin no Ishi, Kin no Tsubasa ✔and of course More Tita & Olivier than ever ~~~worth every penny & time i spent"
76561198153795710,Recommended,251290,21822418,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,FafnirChaos,So Much Talking.... I have been button mashing for half an hour and I haven't even seen an once of gameplay. other then walk to the next cutscene.I'm going to recommend this for the music cause it's awesome.other then that I hoping soon I will actually be able to play the game.
,Recommended,251290,30464033,Posted: 11 March,all,Joker's Creed,Second Chapter of one of the best JRPG's ever.
76561198072368271,Recommended,251290,24397796,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,RegalJoey,"The continuation of Trails in The Sky, SC is incredibly and interesting i imagine that others feel the sane"
,Recommended,251290,18894117,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Plerr,"I laughed, I cried, and together the two Trails in the Sky games became my all-time favorite video games. Truely a masterpiece. I can't thank the wonderful people at XSEED enough for all of their hard work in bringing this magnificent series over to the western audience."
,Recommended,251290,18987350,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Zaratus,"If you enjoyed the first game, why are you reading this?  It's more of that, except bigger and better.  And, y'know, cliffhanger resolution and all that.  You already know you want it.  Go buy it.If you haven't played the first game, you also shouldn't be here.  It's a direct sequel, it starts pretty much immediately after the end of the first, go get the first game before starting this."
,Recommended,251290,24071216,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,presented by konmai,"Played the First Chapter on my PSP, loving the Second Chapter even more with the enhanced graphics and 60FPS ^.^"
,Recommended,251290,19739826,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"XSEED, a localization company notorious for desecrating masterpieces with stale memes, misplaced references, and hideous fonts, actually managed to hold themselves back from completely destroying this one. Since the story is one of this game's most prominent features, it's really a good thing that they did. It didn't escape unscathed, though; the main font is pretty bad, and they UNIRONICALLY use Comic Sans multiple times in this game (though thankfully not in places you'll see all the time.)Unless you speak Japanese, it's this localization or nothing, so in all seriousness I am grateful to XSEED. I do wish they'd quit it with the awful Internet memes. It's like they don't know memes age like milk. I sure like playing Ys: The Oath in Felghana and seeing ""Forever Alone"" pop up on my screen. Men of class and taste can distinguish flash-in-the-pan memes from more long-lasting ones, but even then, you should either write real comedy or not attempt humor at all, because memes are garbage.Basically the point of this review is that XSEED should hire me."
76561197975172433,Recommended,251290,19127318,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Castiel,"If you've played the first game, this is a must play title.They just don't make games like this anymore these days, a truely well written RPG which will make you care about all the characters in a deeply explored world, it felt as if I was reading a good book and I just couldn't put it down.The biggest con is the slow pace can put off some players, especially if you're short on time. Both games combined will clock in at over 100-110 hours of play time to complete and it can certainly feel slow to get moving, but if you're looking for an interesting world with plot twists a plenty, you'll be more than happy with this one."
76561197979818839,Recommended,251290,24353321,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nigrantis,PlayThis♥♥♥♥ingGame.
76561198032490028,Recommended,251290,18898150,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Brice,"My god, its just so good. Music, gameplay, story, everything is just on point. Easily the best RPG of this type I have ever played.Newcomers: Make sure to play the first one first, otherwise you will be lost."
,Recommended,251290,18980711,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,BJ,"If you enjoyed the first one, you owe it to yourself to finish the story. Trails in the Sky is one of the absolute best games I've played in recent years, and I can't recommend it enough."
76561198216046620,Recommended,251290,21927697,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,moondust,10/10Simply marvelous game. The best story-driven JRPG ever. And one of the best story-driven RPG in the world. Its in the same league as Planescape: Torment in respect of story and scenario. The best secondary and supporting characters.
,Recommended,251290,31517421,Posted: 2 May,all,Mashiro Shiina,the game as good as coffee in the morning...the story as rich as richie rich...the soundtrack as great as cuddling in rainy days...if you haven't played the First Chapter... you MUST play it first...
,Recommended,251290,18751902,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Calamity Jade,"The story is continued wonderfully and enganging from the very beginning, the dialogue is great and funny as always and Estelle is still the best girl.Also there are a few additions to the battle system that give you more options in fights than ever and make them slightly different than in the first game.On the technical side, I had a few hiccups here and there when I entered a new area but it was nothing major. In general, the game is as smooth as its predecessor.I can't recommend the Trails in the Sky series enough. It's one of the best, if not the best, JRPG you can get for your PC. And it's pretty cheap too. Both titles combined will give you at least 100 hours of JRPG-goodness with an engaging storyline, charming and believable characters, a very customisable skill system and challenging tactical battles.Forget about those crappy Final Fantasy remakes on Steam and buy Trails in the Sky 1+2 instead. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,251290,18745492,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Feudalin,"XSEED finally bring us the second chapter to the best JRPG on Steam. Anyone that's played FC no doubt should buy this. If you're just checking this out, do yourself a favour and go play FC. It's a masterpiece and I'm throwing my whole weekend into this emotional adventure."
,Recommended,251290,19202519,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,MightyMacGyver,One of the most amazing jrpgs ive ever played worth every penny.
76561198069844628,Recommended,251290,19195862,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ZXRN9000,"Anyone who loved the first chapter or just want to play a good ol' fashioned JRPG with a nice story line should definitely try this one out.I played the first one on the PSP years ago so you can just imagine how happy I was when this news came out on steam. And with the story, soundtrack, and backgrounds this good and lively, I guarantee this won't disappoint the games' fans one bit."
,Recommended,251290,19049495,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Paragon Arc,"To call this just a good game won't do, It's a work of art! Best JRPG I've ever played (I have played my fair share to.). I highly recommend this game AND the first one. It is worth every cent, you will not regret it at all. But DO buy and play the first chapter or risk missing a lot of points in the second."
,Recommended,251290,19058402,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Arcz,"A very interesting JRPG. Especially if you have the first one, then you must."
76561197970313982,Recommended,251290,26758282,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ADS,"I'm copying and pasting this review for Trails in the Sky and Trails in the Sky SC, since I view them as essentially one game.Anyway, with that out of the way, here's a quick summary.  If you loved JRPGs but have found less enjoyment in the genre since the PS1 days, buy these games.  They are up there with FF6, Chrono Trigger, and Grandia in terms of that sense of adventure and wonder.  Seriously, I thought I was just old and done with JRPGS, but Trails  brought back everything that I loved about the 16 bit era games.Positives:Interesting, likable characters with a lot of backstoryA *lot* of game here, 120 hours between both gamesFun combatThat classic feeling of adventure from the PS1/SNES daysUnfroze my cold, dead heartNegatives:A few sections drag on, and combat can seem slow when you just want to get to the next areaTropy story, although I really enjoyed it, if you didn't like SNES/PS1 JRPGs you probably won't like thisIf you loved JRPGs back in the day, I cannot recommend these games enough.  Just buy them."
,Recommended,251290,19049542,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jesuiscontent,That was absolutely fantastic. By far the best JRPG on Steam.
,Recommended,251290,29431888,Posted: 22 January,all,Robification,One of the better RPG's i have played. Each character has an interesting backstory and motiviation that keeps you coming back for more.
,Recommended,251290,19154278,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Pietoro,"Part 2 of Trails in the Sky; both games are basically one game split in half.Has a few new mechanics (like Fishing), and picks up where the story left off in FC. Highly recommended!"
76561197985071381,Recommended,251290,19045883,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Macros,"Warning, this game will be long, it will be grindy, and it will be absolutely fantastic. I agree with the other reviews, this is likely one of the better JRPG's on Steam, if not the absolute best right now.Pros:The plot totally delivers.The soundtrack is reminiscent of the first game, but there's enough variety and nostalgia that you'll still feel right at home.The game picks up basically right where the first game left off.Cons:Uhh...the third one's not out yet?Tips since I just finished the game (no spoilers, I promise)1. Play the first game first. (Come on, do I really have to say this?)2. Some characters are better at some 'roles' than others. Be sure to check the color of the lines on the orbal screen to get a better idea.3.  Be thorough, talk to everyone -twice- if you're looking for a complete experience. XSEED did a heck of a job with all the dialogue, i'm baffled by the amount of text and time put in this game's development.4. You will never ever ever have enough Sepith.5. Beware of secret quests. Like the first game, these exist too.6. Anything you have to spare, will be all you can spare if you're looking for a repeat experience. Depending on how it's done, at least.Best of luck out there, fellow bracers."
,Recommended,251290,22033475,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Rhap,Honestly hands-down my favorite game
,Recommended,251290,24743096,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"If you have play the first game, you ought to play the 2nd game1) ragnarok sprite again2) Nice Soundtrack3) Play much like final fantasy4) nice plot and story5) much longer story and quest is optional now6) more challenging boss7) you can select Easy Mode in this game if you are not good in JRPG type of gamecons1)  Fishing Quest need luck2) riddles are full of BS3) Riddles are hard as hell  for phantom theif quest like from chapter 2 -8 and i constantly using TLOH wikia4) still no dubbing5) Tita Sound so evil when she said: hahahaha.....WE DID IT victory quote.anyway NICE GAME AND A GEM TO KEEP IN LIBRARY, 10/10 MUST BUY TO SEE Joshua and Estelle together again."
76561198062777845,Recommended,251290,30361146,Posted: 6 March,all,愛 Little Vampire-,very good story line and gameplay. loved it. hope i get to play 3rd  Evolution soon! 11/10 will play it again
,Recommended,251290,30589593,Posted: 18 March,all,NateRFB,Great game.
76561198001853958,Recommended,251290,25632305,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Atyuialsen,"A Couple's SendoffIf you have not playedThe Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Skythis game will not make any senseTrails in the Sky SC,♥♥♥♥♥♥SC, continues the story of Estelle and Joshua from the previous game. The story is more focused on the couple's relationship and how they impact the people around them. Characters from the previous game return and the living world that the first game was built on continues to flourish in the second game. We return to the towns and places we visited in the first game and see their story progress. The story jumps straight intoEstelle's awakening from Joshua's departureand doesn't skip a beat.The progression of quests and combat remain the same.  There are the hunting contracts, collecting items, fishing and solving disputes in towns. The customization of the orbments from the previous game has been changed slightly with the introduction of a next tier of upgrades. There are more spells and different combinations to explore. If you were not a fan of the game's backtracking, it does return.The music's OST does return with some new tracks and still impresses me. When the music picks up when your team is in critical danger, it means it is go time! And after a long trek of battling monsters in caves, returning to a town with it's nostalgia soundtrack really brings it home.♥♥♥♥♥♥SC completes Estelle's and Joshua's story. The Legend of Heroes series brings a living world to the JRPG genre that I have not played in a while. I hope there is a localization of its other series: Zero no Kiseki and Ao no Kiseki and I look forward for♥♥♥♥♥♥TC localization release in 2017."
76561198018613742,Recommended,251290,18944660,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,YumiMoreLikeDo-Me,"XSEED proving that Pigs Can Fly since October 29, 2015. This miracle includes:-Carniverous book shelves-Cliched but fun characters-Easy to understand combat-Great music-Unoriginal but engaging plot-A saiyan priestThere's quite a bit of dialogue in this game, even more so than the first game. If you didn't like Chapter one, you might not like this."
76561198016086401,Recommended,251290,31537732,Posted: 4 May,all,Yuey,BUY THIS TOO
76561198065036336,Recommended,251290,31340453,Posted: 24 April,all,aeaeaa,Breathtaking
76561198180004154,Recommended,251290,19167587,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Jolly Robert,Iv'e been a Trials in the sky fan for years. The story is absolutly superb and the lore is just as amazing.
,Recommended,251290,23742898,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Deltangel,Great game
,Recommended,251290,20438809,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Anonymous of Washington,It's good
76561197970320868,Recommended,251290,18831500,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,sizer99,"There are very, very few JRPGs that are as good as Legend of Heroes series if you like your characters and dialogue.   Yes, far better than Final Fantasy, even better than Tales of [xxx] (which I also love).These games  have so much content that they don't even bother stocking random containers with random gold and items. There's so much content that you don't have to bother stealing other people's stuff.  Every single NPC has a consistent backstory and reason for existence - and their dialogue will change with every major event, even if you don't talk to them.There is literally no other game on the planet that has so much translated text as this one. And it's good stuff, lovingly translated, not filler. It's a real rarity in that the overarching plot is complex and impacts the local plot but isn't moronic like FF13.  Basically, it's a real, complex world with real people.They're kind of a slow burn... the combat is fairly fun, but nothing spectacular. The first game starts out pretty slow.  But at this point I absolutely have to find out what happens with Estelle and Joshua."
76561198036845303,Recommended,251290,18842763,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[MSAF] Galian Squad 422,You finish the first game? You like the whole story? You want to know the clifghangers? BUT THIS GAME THEN !!!
76561198143567851,Recommended,251290,18874360,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,king sosisbakar,"BEST JRPG IN THE PAST 10 YEARS - solid story, simple yet engaging gameplay"
76561198060723761,Recommended,251290,18930230,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Shino,Best JRPG series I've ever played.Let's support XSEED and hope that our money helps them localize the other Kiseki/Trails games!
,Recommended,251290,23520342,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Master Randy,Nice StoryNice GameplayNice Soundtrack :v
76561198047168143,Recommended,251290,18752142,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bottom Fragger,"This is the sequel to the first chaper, so , If you enjoyed the first one then this is a must buy!First one had an amazing cliffhanger at the end and now fans of this series can finally find out what happens next!!"
76561198003722545,Recommended,251290,19146654,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Rainey84,"Great game with an interesting story.  Yes, it does have some flaws and odd design decisions, but it has a world that feels alive.You definitely need to play the first one. The story continues right where the first one leaves off, and you will miss so much character building if you skip it.In regards to combat, the characters fit certain roles, but each character has unique ways where they can change a course of a battle.  Like most JRPG's there are times where you have to use certain characters or have characters removed and your strategies are forced to change, but you can still be very successful.  Which really hits the sweet spot that the roster of characters that you have recruited are truly worthy of being Legend of Heroes."
76561198035760197,Recommended,251290,19154219,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Lindsey,"If you liked the predecessor, you will like this game. It is story rich, has definite character development, and a good story. My only complaint is that there is too much dialogue for the NPC's. Not really a big deal, but if you accidentally start a conversation, as on my laptop happens too often, there are at least three popups of dialogue each time. It got really tedious, really fast. So much of the plot relies on talking to EVERYONE, too.  A little less of this would help the pace quite a bit, but it is not so much that it is a major deterent to buying the game.If you enjoy JRPG turn-based combat, you will love the game. It is definitely superior to the other games in this genre. Well worth the money."
76561198035224844,Recommended,251290,31007026,Posted: 7 April,all,KeadRei,"Played the first one? why are you doubting, play this NOW"
,Recommended,251290,27835803,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,M a Ƶ e - 迷宮,"Absolutely incredible game and follow up to FC.The biggest positives to the Trails games without a doubt has to be the wonderfully written characters. I know this is praise that you tend to hear a lot when talking about JRPG's, but the characters from this series are without a doubt some of the best, maybe even THE best written that I've ever had the pleasure of seeing.The gameplay, while for the most part being the same as FC, has seen some refinement which improves upon the system further.It should be noted that the Trails games are very heavy on the dialogue and while that's definitely not a negative in my book I thought that I should make that clear. People who have played FC should know what to expect from a Kiseki game by now though.Highly recommended."
76561197983123774,Recommended,251290,32426752,Posted: 14 June,all,NQ-Idling,amazing game
,Recommended,251290,23028265,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,251290,24375308,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Will,"Though there're lots of cons that I might shout out, I can't really complain. Its good stuff in deed."
76561197991085701,Recommended,251290,24401271,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ferden,Glad you listened to my first review.Now wait until 2017 for chapter 3.Then get that game too.
,Recommended,251290,19176008,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Zan,This game definitely improved over FC which is already a great game.Hopefully we will see the 3rd translated as well.
,Recommended,251290,19251911,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Tigero,I loved the first game so much I even made numerous piano arrangements to its soundtrack!Now it's time to dive into the Second Chapter! ^_^
,Recommended,251290,19114441,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Ｄｒｅａｍ「幽夢」,"An absolute classic gem of an JRPG, Trails SC picks up right where the original left off.Although the flow of the game seems to be slightly slower compared to FC, once the plot gets moving, boy does it get really moving.Once again, beautiful music, decent gameplay and a well-written storyline together with a world that feels so alive combines together to deliver one of the best JRPGs ever created.11/10, buy this if you have played FC, and tell all your friends to play this series and support xseed in their translation efforts."
76561198124436690,Recommended,251290,19127331,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Tear,i just finished the game and it is really awesome!!! totally love the story line in SC  . Since its a sequel from FC too. SC had so many characters to play with and we get to know more about them too.  felt so sad that i finished the game already cause i really do wanna know their story furthermore.   Hope they will release 3rd chapter here !! i really wanna see the storyline complete !
,Recommended,251290,19136417,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Knaak,"Continuing with the events following immediately after FC, this game takes what First Chapter did and vastly improves on it. More character development, finding out hidden truths, who the true face behind the mysterious organization is, incredible battle system, oh and feels. Lots and lots of feels in this game. Several times I've had to hold myself back from crying because a lot of these characters and the way they make you see their story through their eyes is really heart-wrenching. This game I recommend to anyone looking for an amazing story and a lot of side content in game (obviously this was before the horrors of DLC). But should you decide to get this game, please PLEASE get FC first and beat it. I think it may be required but I could be wrong. I'll edit this review later if FC is required but for the most part you will be completely lost if you jumped straight into this game. Buy it. Its worth every penny and they did a fantastic job of localizing it. I'm hoping they're working on TC (Third Chapter) and it's localization real soon."
,Recommended,251290,19232198,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Emperor Of Fags,"need more !! There are still many question about the Ouroboros, Septian Church, Erebonian Empire, Calvard Republic and many more !!"
,Recommended,251290,26369236,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,GrieverXIII,"Just as good as the first, maybe even better."
,Recommended,251290,19702396,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mizore Spookyyuki,"This series is tied with the 'tales of' series as far as outstanding quality in story rich enviroment goes, and is by far one of the best games i have had the pleasure of playing in my near seventeen years of vidya gaming. In addition XSEED has done a fantastic job in porting it over from the original japanese version. All in all, this game in it's predicessor are worth every cent asked for and then some in my opinion, and i could not recomend this game more than i am now."
76561198035367898,Recommended,251290,24990179,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mu@,It's okay I guess..
,Recommended,251290,26940064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mbvia,estelle a cute
76561198093040150,Recommended,251290,31769287,Posted: 15 May,all,skinkken,+++++
,Recommended,251290,20119385,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Depsyy,"Trails in the Sky SCcontinues the story ofTrails in the Skydirectly after, so in case you haven't finished the first game yet, you should definitely go and play it before this one.Well first I wanna say big thanks to people who brought Trails series to Steam,you are doing gods work and I hope you will continue to do this in the future as well.My first playthrough was 60+ hours, so we are talking about pretty massiveamount of content here. Do keep in mind how price tag in steam is under 30$.There is more than enough entertainment here than in most of the big companiescashgrab games today.Yes, im talking about you EA and Ubisoft.Pros+Amazing storyI thought first game was awesome but devs showed that there is more to come+SoundtrackBeautiful piano composed themes as well as fast paced combat music,some of the best musical pieces I've ever heard.+CharactersUnique and different in every way, made the game really stand out.+SecretsI still couldn't bring myself to collect all the hidden things in this game.+Gameplay & Fighting mechanicsNothing more satisfying that wiping floor with effective combos and arts.Cons-Small plot holesWhile the story was awesome there were still few little details and questionsleft hanging after the end of the game. I wonder will these questions beanswered in the sequels?-Time consumingYou might have a hard time getting into the game if you are busy in real life.So,quit your day job."
76561198073659123,Recommended,251290,31562248,Posted: 5 May,all,DEFCON 1,Falcom delivers as usual.
,Recommended,251290,31513749,Posted: 2 May,all,Poloten4ik,"The 1st chapter and this chapter - are the greatest JRPG in my opinion. Fantastic story, a lot of dialogs, content, hidden quests, etc. Cool battle system and grind system."
,Recommended,251290,21617869,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,медведь тигра,very good
,Recommended,251290,25728700,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DG 'Anand',pretty dang decent
76561198019031409,Recommended,251290,23110605,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Erasmus,One of the best rpgs I've ever played.
76561198023315967,Recommended,251290,26820278,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lynaara,Best jrpg ever play the first one then this you wont regret it
76561198025004827,Recommended,251290,19896171,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Masakan,"Whew.....where do i even start? At the time of this review I just got finished playing this game and this was one hell of a ride. I played the first game which was spectactular and eagerly awaited the second game, and it did not dissapoint....mostly. But I want to get this out while It's still fresh in my head, and to keep myself from rambleing I will have it divided into sections(Gameplay, Story, Characters,Setting and Music)Gameplay:The gameplay imo is the weakest aspect of the game, but only for the fact that a lot of the battles have a tendency to be dragged out and nothing else, aside from that the combat in this game was VERY engaging and this is coming from someone who perfers Action-Based RPG's over turnbased ones. Make no mistake this game is tough and it will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you aren't prepared, even against normal encounters, but boss battles Oooooh man.....(First one that comes to mind is a certain boss at the end of chapter 7) it might not be hard for some people but you will get a decent amount of game overs regardless. Overall while not my perfered combat style for games, it's engaging enough to keep from being boring.Story: The story picks up directly from the last game, and starts of with main character Estelle going off to train in order to find joshua who went awol at the end of the last game after reclaiming his memories, a lot of which has to do with joshuas prior relationship with the society of oroboros. The story itself is very simple, but has multiple twists and turns and is very well written. You always want to know what happens next, it never leaves you wanting and has plenty of humor to offset some of the more....dark elements that show up in the game(and I mean DARK seriously some of the stuff you find out goes on behind the scenes in this seemingly innocent world is baffleing and almost ALWAYS involves erebonia in some way, I can say with a straight face that by the end of the game I was very satisfied.Characters: Oh the characters are all Gems(Except Gilbert, ♥♥♥♥ Gilbert) Oh everyone of the main cast is likeable. From Girly Tomboy Estelle, Prim and Proper Kloe, Hot Headed Agate, Bizzare Oliver, Sultry Schera and of course the Mysterious Joshua. And the antagonists, while yes evil are never obnoxious or spurnful except for the final boss....that guys an jerk. Oh the list just goes on and on, and I could go on for days. But to make a long story short, the cast is incredibly memorable and adds a lot of flavor to the story, and every single one of them develops massively as the game goes on.Setting: What they did for this game was exceptionally clever. The game takes place in the kingdom of Liberl, a small independent nation with highly advanced technology on the western side of the continent Zumeria.However that is not the important part, what is note worthy is that it is but one of 4 we know so far on the Zumerian continent. There is the Aforementioned Kingdom of Liberl, The Erbonian Empire, The Republic of Calvard and the autonomous state of Crossbell. What they have done is left a world so open that it could be used to make multiple story arks within the same setting which is to say the least impressive, leading to a potentially massive expanding world, that i cant WAIT to explore more of. Hinted by Trails of Zero, Trails of Azure and the Trails of Cold steel Trilogy.Music: Music's Good Nuff said. But seriously This games music has many well orchestrated tracks. While some tracks would be considered memorable, most are just used to set the tone and mood, and they do so very well. From happy and chipper to crazy serious, there are few tracks you would put on your MP3 Player, but every track in this game provides excellent ambiance and for a game like this, that's all you really need.Final Notes:I'm really glad they decided to port this game over and seem to be planning to bring more of this series over, it's one that has been LONG over due and any lover of well crafted story telling owes it to themselves to play this game. No it's not perfect, nothing is. But it IS a turn-based, tactics style JRPG with a HEAVY Emphasis on Story telling, and it performs it beautifully.Honestly the only complaints I could possibly have is the somewhat repetitve gameplay, The fact that the game likes to spike up the difficulty to ridiculous levels (Especially if you plan to do the monster hunting quests) and that theres no word on when they will translate Final chapter while they are working on trails of cold steel. But since Final Chapter is more like an Epilouge/Afterstory anyway, there really is no rush.There is one character in particular I REALLY want to learn more about since she arguably has a more ♥♥♥♥ed up past than even Joshua, though considering that translating this game alone was basically the equivilent of all 7 harry potter books and the lord of the rings trilogy COMBINED, I'm willing to wait and let them have their rest.And XSEED while you may never read this, I still wish to say. On behalf of all JRPG lovers everywhere, I thank you for translating this Masterpiece of a game, and hope that you will translate more of this series as quickly as you are able, and for everyone else if you haven't played this game yet, do so as soon as you are able. It is well worth the 30$ Price Tag."
76561198035694806,Recommended,251290,23208069,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,CommodoreEvac,You know you can kill enemies with food right?An achievement requires you to kill 10 enemies... With food.
76561198047669191,Recommended,251290,19348456,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"A triumph of world-building and RPG design. Must-buy.The characterizations, mulitple sub-plots, the theming, and subtlety of the dialogue reach even higher peaks than FC even did. The story of Estelle and Joshua's path, the lives of their party-mates, and even some of the non-unique model NPCs' journeys thru life are written with such craft and thoughtfullness. Motives and personalities are almost never shelved when the writers wrote themselves into the corner or stretching to hit some expected storybeat...,..except when they did in a few times in Ch.9. Plus much of Ch. 7 could have been exised and the remaining strong story scenes moved to other chapters.But these are rather minor; you can tell a well-written game by the times you go ""this sounds like every other game for this 5 minute stretch"" and that's a good sign it aint every other game but I still found FC (and this is purely personal) more consistant in the tone it was going for overall slightly.Music? Typically BEAST MODE Nihon Falcom soundteam_JDK goodness with some of the grandest, most well-written, and passionate tracks ever writ for a video game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqOto9_2G84https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylouY3GIDSwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNWNArktMvYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9PRFHFWiDQhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yza78TbyFxsThis is a must-buy for everyone who claims to love well-written characters, well-written light narratives, well-written JRPGs, and good world building.CAVEATS: be prepared to read a ton and take your time.Also Trails in the Sky: First Chapter is a mandatory prequisite.This like its predecessor in that you must not go in expecting bang-bang gogogogo from loading, nor is all the ""slow"" parts a grind till you get to ""the good parts"". Everything must be met halfway as everything is used for versimilitude and holistic world-buidling."
,Recommended,251290,19455901,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Architect,"Best Steam RPG so far, it was a real pleasure to know the end of estelle's and joshua's stories. Now a lots of new montsh of hope awaits the release of chapter 3."
76561198092128614,Recommended,251290,19205163,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Haruhiist,"First off, I love this game.  This game, and the first chapter, are among the best story-driven RPGs I've played.  The ONLY problem i had, was that some of the later bosses resisted lowered stats, making a head-to-head fight the only option.  If they had an ability that cleared lowered stats, that would be fine, but those fights felt more railroaded than neccesary."
76561198153122438,Recommended,251290,23742503,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,geduardo_99,Great Game.  Great Story.
,Recommended,251290,29079701,Posted: 6 January,all,thanbo,expensive steam trading cards.
,Recommended,251290,34439339,Posted: 23 August,all,XzarDragon,"A boy Sedates his adoptive sister by kissing her and runs away feeling guilty from his crossdressing issues.Now a Society of perverts with parenthood issues goes on a search for his former Crossdresser, while also his beloved adoptive sister goes on a rampart about staff jokes and is also searching from him.Also one of the chest goes:Kyaaaaaaaaaaaa~ Without my Contents I'm bare!Truly a magnificent of an jrpg10/10"
,Recommended,251290,19627297,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FieryLionheart,"Given the ""WHOA DUDE"" award in 2016Simply put; This is one of the best JRPGs I've ever played. Now for everyone who doesn't know me, you're probably not aware of the gravity that statement has... Let's just say that I've played a LOT of great JRPGs in my time, from the popular Final Fantasy series, to the hidden gems like Anachronox, Piers Solar and Septerra Core.I would easily rank The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky SC in my top five JRPGs of all time.Let me make a quick summarised review on whether this is your type of game or not;Turn based battlesStory intensiveDifficulty ranging from low, to intenseOver 75 hours of gameplayIf you don't have the patience to read the text in this game, then you will be missing out on the thing that really sets it apart from the competition. The story itself could be called JRPG standard fare I suppose, but what really sets this game (and the prequel) apart from the competition is amount of world building that is done. Every NPC has a name, and every NPC has a story. There are weapon shop owners who I actually went to speak to after every single event. I spent time getting to know the people of Liberl and I had a fantastic time doing it. The playable characters all have their goals and motivations, and aren't just there for the ride. They feel almost real, you grow to actually care about them as you play through the game. As a long time JRPG player, this blew my mind quite frankly.The battle system is completely turn based and pretty tactical. Some of the bosses in the game can be tough, especially if you're playing on the harder difficulties, making it feel all the more satisfying when you pull off a clutch victory or manage to outwit an opponent. The development system is pretty unique too, borrowing elements similar to Materia and rewarding clever placement of Quartz. The equipment system gives you five slots to work with, meaning you can make all rounded characters or specialised roles depending on your personal preference.The visuals are colourful and vibrant, and I enjoyed the isometric view. The big attacks and magicks feel cool to use, and you definitely get a sense of awe with the larger ones, this always gives you a feeling of being powerful when you're fighting enemies. The music is absolutely fantastic, and does a really great job of remixing in the main theme, which gives every song a sense of nostalgia in a way. The sound design in general is really good, and having enemies pop when  they die sounds incredibly satisfying.One of the few negative things I can say about this game is the performance wasn't too great for me. I have a machine that should be able to knock this out easily, but I still got occasional stuttering which was a bit disappointing. In battle it ran fine though, even in the most intense scenes, so it could be a driver issue or something on my side. The controls are fine, with complete control over remaps. Using a controller or M&KB really is down to personal preference, and you won't find yourself hampered using either.Another negative point that is more down to personal preference rather than something objectively bad is the fact that if you want to get all the books (some of which allow you to get the ultimate weapons) you need to be very careful of going past points of no return. I'd suggest following a book guide and a BP guide, if you're bothered by missables at all. (Here)I don't know what else I can say to make you consider this game. It's fantastic and you should definitely play it if you love JRPGs or just like great stories. Please be sure to play the first game though, seeing as this one is a direct sequel, and actually gives you bonuses for carrying over save data.Right, that's too much writing, I must now collapse.Blorf"
,Recommended,251290,23856235,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr. Skeltal,I like it. Quite a lot.10/10
,Recommended,251290,19208399,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SchwartZero,"STARRING: The most well written Priest in fiction. A girl that can summon a Gundam. An Airhead with inspirational speeches. A factional reject with an awesome scarf.A Dan-Hibiki-looking-guy, who drinks from a sake gourd! Another girl, who really likes tinkering with technology. A Rooster haired guy, that really likes to hang out with aforementioned girl. (Heh, Lolicon.)Schera...ASDFGKJL:;=?! A bisexual bard, who's voiced by a bisexual vampire in the Japanese version. A rapier wielding GOOD GIRL! 2 Royal Guards. 3 Gang Members. 1 Butler. 1 Maid.An actual competent military force. A Castle in the Sky. A ginormous ♥♥♥♥ing airship. Murderous Penguins. Murderous Radscorpions, that can cause Earthquakes and has tons of HP!Fluffy Metal Slimes, that keeps running away! Perverted Creepy Sheeps. Exploding enemies! Food that causes damage. Mystic Artes. All-out Attacks. Materia. Artifacts!*Wheeze*(Stay tuned for more!)"
76561198006012259,Recommended,251290,18946763,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nox Eterna,"A fantastic rpg with an incredible depth, a direct sequal to the Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky FC.pros:-the world is rich in lore and each and every NPC got multiple lines of dialogue concerning current events in game.-sheer amount of text in this game, which, despite its enormity does not in any way get obstructive to game progression or somehow feels overwhelming for the player-gameplay and fights are rather fluid and well executed. There is no grind in this game to speak of, basically. Even though unused party members may fall behind in lvl, when needed they will catch up really quickly, thanks to exp mechanics.-all characters are multi-dimensional and well written, the plot is very intersting-very solid soundtrack, battle experience is heavily enhanced by epic music-a good amount of humour, which somehow does not interfere with the seriousness of situation the heroes find themselves incons:-while graphics overall are pleasant enough, in-game character models are laxing in my opinion-main protagonist sometimes can be quite obnoxious, though this is mostly offset but the rest of characters-only several characters actually died throughout 2 games, which stretches my suspense of desbelief rather heavily, considering the amount of firepower that gets used in both actual fights and cutscenes.-Hard difficulty in this game is MUCH harder than Hard difficulty in the first game, not actually a con, but something to be considered.-last dungeon requires you to beat !10 Hard bosses! in more or less, a row. Considering the flow of the rest of the game, last chapter can feel too intense.Overall, a majestic game that I do not regret in the slightest of buying. I truly hope that the developers (who are mostly Japanese-based console developers) will port and translate further games in the series to steam."
,Recommended,251290,28320355,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,janarah_caine,"This is a wonderful continuation from the first game,as of march there is hope for the third installment. Of course, we will all still be waiting to see if they ever convert the cold steel series to pc, which is still doubtful. It's vastly more positive than their previous statements that relayed there wouldn't be a conversion of the rest of the series.Hopefully it will actually be out by spring of 2017, the last one took them several years. . .Still, the game play is entertaining, easy, and has a great story line.I wont post any spoilers, you will have to play through it yourself. If you liked the old final fantast and ultima games then you will love this one.Play the first one first though!"
76561198004689691,Not Recommended,251290,25683143,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Rage,"“It’s done.” “Yes Mr Frodo, it’s over now.” - Frodo and Sam. I feel like I just ran a marathon.I had a lot of acclaim for the first game in this series. Overall it was a pretty good game, a few flaws but overall pretty good.It’s hard to say the second installment is good, which is a pain because parts of this game are really good.+ The characters are still gernerally pretty great. You find yourself really wanting to root for the characters.+ Some of the villans are pretty cool.+ Oliver. Never change Oliver. For peace and love baby. You da real MVP.+ Parts of the story are amazing and reminds me why I like the first game. There are a few twists and turns and love triangles too.+ The ending is a bit of a tear jerker and sets up a sequel perfectly.+ Combat is more or less the same, so parts of it are good but...+ There is some good new content you did not see in the game before.+ Some cool cinematics that give the game some much needed depth.+ Some really interesting side quests, like the quest that reveals the backstory of Lila, Mayor Maybelle’s maid.However when you look at the game as a whole, you can only think, what the heck where the devs thinking?- The pacing is aweful. There feels like a neverending bunch of crap between major story points.- The asset reuse for a new 60+ hour game is a bit much. I pretty much felt like I played litterly the entire first game before really getting to new content. It’s very stale to have to basically go everywhere you did in the first game and tirelessly run around the world. For a game that takes place a few years in to the future nothing has changed.- Combat is just bad overall.  The combat system is just really imballanced, and the only way they seem to be able to cause a real challenge is by making your skills and abilities not work, or simply turn fights in to a grind fest. You can almost be assured that when you are in any kind of harder monster or boss fight none of you crowd control and generally things like speed down do not work. Also some bosses have bull skills like being able to kill your or phase you out of existance even if you have full guard. Also just like the first game if you accidently activate an S-Skill there doesn’t seem to be a way to deactive it, you have to use it.-There are times where things go way too long between being able to save.- If you thought the ending of the first game was tough, you ain’t seen nothing. I’m not sure who thought several hours of grinding boss fights at the end was going to be fun. If I hadn’t put like 120 hours in to the two games combined I would have bailed a long time ago, and almost did.- The game is just anti fun. Rather than provide a good vehicle to tell a story instead you are stuck in a time sucking grindfest. If they had cut out like half the game, it could have been amazing.TLDR;I love parts of this game just like the first. It has a lot of the same flare, humor, good writing and great characters.Too much asset reuse, boring bad quests, bad pacing, and crazy design dessisons just make the game anti-fun. If you value you sanity, do not play. The payoff is not worth it."
76561198071185809,Recommended,251290,18745007,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Michael,"Very good. Buy it. So far game has zero technical problems, no bugs and the gameplay/music/story is great. Game is a sequel to the first game though! So make sure to play the first game before this one!"
76561198007660652,Not Recommended,251290,32231051,Posted: 6 June,all,Skruds,"This game would have been great if not for one thing, boss healing. What would have been fun becomes a long grind of doing 1100 damage while the boss heals 1000, oh but then you have to use a heal one turn and that work is undone. I enjoyed everything else, but that healing is salt inducing."
,Not Recommended,251290,29454728,Posted: 23 January,all,Sedres,"I can't out-right say the game is good or bad. The story is compelling. The actual game play is a  ""slow burn"" at best, a downright chore at it's worst. Unfortunately, after playing for 40+ hours, that slow burn burns out, leaving you with a really tedious slog toward the end of the game. I think I'd rather watch a compelling YouTuber make their way through the next game rather than endure it myself.The series in general could be vastly improved with a few modern touches, such as some fast travel options, enemies that can't summon reinforcements ad infinitum, and characters being a damn sight more powerful/fewer enemies that can suck up so many hits."
76561197983991657,Not Recommended,251290,34083374,Posted: 7 August,all,outlawaw18,I loved the first game in the series but felt let down by this one. The story through the whole game is boring and doesn't really get good till about 3/4 of the way in. They didn't improve on the combat but I never could get over the story.
76561198051833881,Not Recommended,251290,20611527,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,CryingPoo,"TLDR: I highly recommend the first game, Trails in the Sky FC - and take some time off before starting SC. Trails in the Sky SC has brilliant storyline but in terms of gameplay, it's not different from FC at all. If you play SC straight after finishing FC, it will just feel like you are playing a very long ONE game. I highly recommend using Speed Hack of some sort to adjust your game speed. I loved the story, I hated playing the same game as FC with 0 additions to the gameplay.I clicked 'no, I don't recommend this game' but there are some things I need to mention. It's a game that you should finish if you have cleared and enjoyed FC. I purely clicked 'Don't recommend' because SC doesn't provide anything new apart from the storyline.Since the storyline continues, you must have played and finished the Trails in the Sky FC before playing this game in order to understand what is going on.  If you have liked the FC, you will likely to want to play SC. The storyline from FC is great so you will likely to want to know what happens afterwards.SC storyline is just absorbing as FC (maybe little bit less). The storyline in FC focuses on character development so you begin developing a form of 'relationship' with your characters. And, in SC - you spend time to understand them as their personal history gets unveiled. There were some fuzzy hearty moments, good twists and what not..  The problem begins here, I loved the storyline but I got sick of the gameplay.The gameplay is exactly the same - it's not different from FC at ALL, apart from more Arts you can use. The save file carries on from FC so you still get to have all your abilities (which is pretty cool). But, you don't get new Crafts (character's dinstict skills) in SC - your old crafts just get upgraded to 'true' form which would have been totally fine if they had a different animation. Sure, you get Chain Crafts.. but you still don't get new animations. ""TRUE"" form that looks exactly like the ""Old"" form, seems like they focused on the storyline too much.In SC, you have to rely on your Arts quite a bit as physical attacks become less effective and monsters are stronger. Considering how I have avoided using Arts in FC, purely because physical attack animations are much shorter - this was a big pain. Aerial is one of the most used Arts in the game, you get to choose a large area where you are going to summon tornade.. and the animation goes for like 10 seconds.. I started playing SC straight after FC so all the battles just felt very 'boring' after already spending 35 hours in the FC. Surely, it wouldn't have been hard at all to put an option to adjust your animation speed. I have played The Legend of Heroes 4, same developers - and that game was from 90s and was a DOS game - even that had animation speed options!The game takes a lot longer to finish than FC so you definitely still get your money/time worth. It's still very text heavy which I don't mind at all - but I had to download Speed Gear to adjust my game speed. And, I seriously recommend EVERYONE doing that - even adjusting it to 1.5x made the game experience very pleasurable. Though at the end, I set the speed on 2x.They have added some cool anime cut scenes which is good. Some of the sound tracks have been rearranged which is also positive, considering how good the soundtrack is from FC - I didn't mind that they have recycled the same music from FC.So there it is - I have finished both FC and SC - and I am exhausted. I have stated in FC review that it felt like reading a novel and SC still provides that experience except that you can't enjoy the storyline at your own enjoyable pace that you'd like because battles take up quite a bit of your gametime unlike FC. I will add TLDR at the top.."
76561198047657974,Not Recommended,251290,23376049,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,dragons1983,"Das Spiel ist ein riesiges Recycling von Karten, Monstern, Skills und allem was sonst noch anfällt.Das einzige was wirklich neu ist, sind die Dialoge.Die sind soweit gut, wenn auch teils ewig geschwätzig ohne großen Inhalt. Klassisches JRPG-Problem. Ein Charakter sagt/tut was, dann muss auch jeder begleitende Charakter einen Satz dazu sagen, auch wenn es noch so wenig aussagt.Die Story entwickelt sich gut weiter, aber seeehr langsam.Das liegt vor allem daran das das Spiel extrem repetiv und grindlastig ist. Man muss jedes Gebiet im Spiel mehrfach durchreisen, ohne das sich irgendwas geändert hätte. (außer natürlich Dialog und stärkere Monster)Dazu kommen die klassichen töte dies oder das Quests, die soweit in Ordnung sind, wenn wenigstens die Gebiete neu wären.So reist man nun von Region zu Region und tötet die immer gleichen Monster in den immer gleichen Gegenden mit den immer gleichen Techniken.Das das Kampfsystem extrem langsam ist verschlimmert die ganze Angelegenheit noch. Dadurch das die Kamera immer von Charakter zu Charakter springt und dann zu Monster wenn dieses geschlagen wird usw. und natürlich mit Pausen dazwischen, dauert selbst ein Kampf mit einem Monster, was nicht mal zum Schlagen kommt schon fast 1 Minute. Das klingt nicht viel, aber da man aufgrund der Grindlastigkeit wohl um die 2000 Kämpfe bestreiten muss und da auch mal schwerere dabei sind, kann man schnell rechnen das man in dem die meiste Zeit relativ langweiligem Kampfsystem bei einer durchschnittlichen Kampfdauer von 2 Minuten etwa 67 Stunden beschäftigt ist.Also was bleibt:- ca. 67 Stunden Kampf gegen immergleiche Monster- ca. 10 Stunden herumgelaufe in immer gleichen Gegenden- ca. 20 Stunden Gespräche wo man gut die hälfte entfernen könnte und nichts verpassen würdeWem also die 10 Stunden tatsächlichen interessanten Story-Content interessieren und der sich dabei nicht an 80 weiteren Stunden Beschäftigungstherapie stört, kann bedenkenlos zuschlagen."
76561198162073361,Not Recommended,251290,23420870,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,RigWrecker01,"The Good:The story is as good if not better than the first game. It's basically a continuation but you see more of what's going on and you meet some new and interesting characters, Then beat the hell out of them.The environment is the same. Some might find this predictable but it makes sense.The mechanics are much the same with a few additions. Again, slightly predictable but this matters if you play it on harder difficultiies. Knowing what's what will help. Having said that it's not all good.The Bad:It's so hard it's not funny. Later on in particular you need to arrive at the boss fights in good shape or you may as well not bother. This can be harder than it sounds.There's a fair number of maze/wayfinding puzzle type missions. I'm not a fan. You might be. There's enough of them that I found it unimaginative/lazy. One in particular made no sense at all.The gear and purchase options are just more of the same. Nothing really stands out or gives you a noticeable edge. The addition of food as a combat item is so you can survive rather than prosper. This is fine if you've got what you need. If you can't find or buy ingredient x it's just another frustration as you've then got to ID the monster and head back to wherever it is. Again, if you're not in good shape for whatever reason this can be a chore.Overall I can't recommend this game. The effort vs. reward just doesn't stack up. Sure it's a decent story but you just don't feel any sense of progression as you work through it. The next wandering monster can maul you just as much if not more than the first. You know for certain that the next boss will have the upper hand and there's nothing you can do to counter it that makes much if any difference. In short, It's a slog and I want more than that from a game."
76561198031208547,Not Recommended,251290,22622229,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,buttwife,"If you played Trails in the Sky 1 ... that's probably enough.While the characters are nice, there isn't much in the way of actual development. The combat is long and tedious which makes it all the more painful that there are so few new areas to visit (SC is a global re-tread). Trails 1 left me wanting more, say I can't say I enjoyed what I ended up with."
76561198028292136,Not Recommended,251290,20948923,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,clinz,"+ Has a long story, with a lot of details everywhere you look.+ Interesting combat system with a bit of depth,  similar to materia system of final fantasy 7 (your magic skills are based on what quartz you equip). I spent loads of hours playing around trying to perfect my team.- Poor story, from the beginning until just before the final few bosses, everything you do is going according to your enemy's plans, your impact on the story is next to negligable, only a couple (literally, like 2) of your actions in the entire game have any impact.- Every friggin boss just says theyre gonna fool around with u for fun, and consistently leave when they please, time and time again. And it is not your hard work that saves the day, it is always the bad guy going ""meh whatever, can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right now"" that saves the day.- Broken difficulty mechanics! Throughout ALL the game on hard difficulty, physical attacks deal extremely low (very often: 0) damage to enemies, especially bosses. Some enemies are immune to arts forcing you to have to use physical attacks even though there is next to no point to level up a physical attacker.- Bosses are long and tedious, once you survive the first 10-20 actions, you've pretty much won, but you have to spend a 100 more turns repeating the same moves over and over and over again.- When starting the game, loading my save file from first chapter REDUCED my level just because I did not overlevel my characters in the first chapter.- On high difficulties, boss battles were you have to protect npcs are ridiculous. In the final chapter, there is a boss fight where you have 5 enemies attack before you can cast a heal or a shield. If even 1 of the 5 enemies decides to attack the npc, it is game over before you even do anything. So you have to keep pressing retry over and over until all 5 enemies decide not to touch the npc. Random chance is more important than skill."
76561198033729513,Not Recommended,251290,22143872,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ESP_Ra.De.,"Not everbody's cup of coffee. Not much different from FC (I wasn't that big of a fan of FC, but I completed it and bought SC because people were saying SC is really good) except that Heroine's actions are a bit more bearable compared to FC."
76561198101196860,Not Recommended,251290,24432983,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,blunderbus,"Slow, dull battles in a system thats pretty much identical to the prequel. A plot that plods along at a glacial pace. Simplistic, awkward dialogue that repeats itself more often than not.I got this on sale and I still regret it."
76561197993421641,Not Recommended,251290,26252770,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FIGIOT,"+ I liked the party members+ some parts were good jrpg'ing- Too much boring text- Slow combat- Crap questtrack- Too much sidequestingI want to like this game, it has good ingredients for an awesome jrpg. I cant bring myself to finish it.5/10"
76561198016537882,Not Recommended,251290,20979750,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Datagate,"I would love to be able to recommend this game, as I love it and love the franchise in general. But after about 50 hours into the game, it disappeared from my Steam account, and the store requires me to buy it again in order to continue playing. Steam support has done nothing to help, marking my issue as ""closed"" despite me still not having the game on my account. So at the very least I need to wait until a sale or something and buy this game a second time. At that time I'll gladly change my review to a positive one, but currently Steam is preventing me from enjoying it at all."
,Not Recommended,251290,18804316,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vsin,"Hi, I'm the token negative review, and I'm here to give you reasons why you SHOULDN'T get Trails SC.Disclaimer: I'm a Trails fanboy and Trails FC is probably my favourite JRPG of all time; it might even be my favourite game, period...until I finish SC, anyways...First things first: this game should be treated as an EXPANSION.  Yes, you can technically buy it on its own, but the game picks up right where Trails FC left off and you're gunna be pretty damn lost if you jump into this right away.This game is VERY TEXT HEAVY.  VERY.  Try to find the picture of the scripts for the Trails in the Sky trilogy sometime; Trails SC is longer than the Lord of the Rings Trilogy (so says Kotaku) in terms of raw text.  This means lots of cutscenes, lots of sidequests with lengthy chats, and NPCs with walls of text unto themselves.  Technically this is a selling point, but for some it's a killer.2006.  The original release date for this game was in flipping 2006.  At a time when Japan barely cared about PC gaming.  If you can't stand old games, or indies that style themselves after old games, you're gunna have a bad time.  Also, Anime asethetic, but the promo art should've made that clear already.The interface is kinda clunky.  It's either arrow keys + ZXCV + Enter, or you can do it entirely with your mouse; you can also use a gamepad, but that produces the same result as arrows + ZXCV (I've played the PSP version on a Vita).  You should probably remember to use ESC for any KBM control set, too.The problem with arrows + hotkeys is that, even with the PSP version, navigating the menus you inevitably have to handle requires a ton of keystrokes for simple things, especially equipment and consumable usage (so many flipping consumables).  In larger fights this can sometimes mean cycling through every unit to pick the right target.  If you're a programmer, leme put it this way: your single-action algorithm is O(n^2).The problem with using mouse controls is that a lot of things like to move around.  Your cursor frequently warps when you open menus, and the combat camera repeatedly zooms in and out, constantly altering your cursor position and making it hard to play with speed and precision.  The cursor warping can be convenient for some things, like quickly moving through the Save/Load menus, but at other times it'll arbitrarily close menus because you didn't move your mouse at a perfect horizontal.Combat is actually a pretty significant debate among Trails fans, with most opinions ranging from ""rather bad"" to ""pretty decent.""  I haven't personally found anyone who thinks the combat is ""actually good/great,"" and if they exist they're fairly few in number.  All I'm going to say here is this: turn-based, initiative system, tile movement, plain flat boxes for combat arenas.TL:DROld game with clunky controls and walls of text.  If you're looking for the reasons why you SHOULD buy this game, there are a billion other reviews for that.  I'm just here to provide the counterpoints.EDIT:Yes, this is a heavily unbalanced review.  Thing is, going through the ""most useful"" reviews, they're ALL heavily unbalanced in FAVOUR of the game, with no consideration given to people who aren't in the target audience for Trails.Trails is not a perfect game.  Don't try to pretend it is.  I'll suck this game's shlong any day of the week if you want me to, but people need to be informed about the things that they won't enjoy, and the current ""front page"" as it were completely fails at that."
76561198017668815,Not Recommended,251290,18868073,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Shatterspike,"I really wanted to like this game, I DO like this game. But it's so horribly broken. The game crashes constantly, certain quests from the guild board will auto crash the game making it impossible to accept them. Some items that are critical for side quests are impossible to use because the game crashes every time you try to use them. And now to add insult to injury I ran into a quest that causes the game to crash EVERY time you try to turn it in. So my save game (which is after the quest was completed but not turned in) is now dead."
76561198124202037,Recommended,251290,21496204,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,shayh315,"I played Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky FC and I absolutely loved it. So when I found out there was a second chapter I had to have it. It is best to think of the second chapter as an expansion it continues where the first chapter left off you can carry your save data over from the first to the second. The battle system is pretty much the same as the first, but you get a better orbment system so you can use stronger arts. The story is a little bit darker than the first, but just as addictive as the first. The same characters that are in the first chapter are in the second chapter with some new characters as well. Enemies are pretty much the same as the first, but with some new ones as well. It expands on fishing by giving lots of baits & different rods. It has some of the same music as the first as well as some different. I highly recommend this game if you are a true fan of this series you will absolutely love it."
76561198018560281,Recommended,251290,18904379,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Drum_Slinger,I Greatly Enjoyed This Game For All The Same Reasons As The First Chapter. If You Like JRPGs Please Buy The Hell Out Of The Trails Games So XSeed Can Localize The Other Games In The Series!
,Recommended,251290,18906219,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LuckyToShoot,"If you enjoy alongandstory richadventure Trails in the Sky is definitely for you.What this game lacks in graphics makes up with it's rich story and length (When I said long, it's really long, took me 100hrs in to finish the game). And you get Olivier -- The Hunter of Love, I mean what else could you ask for?Story Length:About 50 hours of mainstory, Another 50 hours for side questsIf this is the first trails game you have played, I highly recommend you to start in the first chapter first. Because the story of second chapter starts you right off the bat at where the first left off, if you haven't played it, you will have no idea what happened.If you are a huge fan of JRPGs, or RPGs in general, this game do not disappoint."
,Recommended,251290,18895675,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Asr163,i waited years for this to come out ever since i first played trails in the sky FC on psp and now that trails in the sky SC is out i played dozen of hours on it already and so far im greatly enjoying it. thank you xseed for bringing us such great games. for anyone who loves great JRPGs i recommend trails in the sky FC and SC. i really think these are the best JRPGs on steam and that more people should take a look at these games.
,Recommended,251290,18960970,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Salt,Worth the wait.Biblethump.
,Recommended,251290,19096203,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lomeo,"After the long wait the promised game has finally came, and boy does it hits right through the heart. In this sequel you play mainly as Estelle Bright and her league of wacky companions on the quest to stop the evil organization trying to bring world to ruin. Following directly after the first game, it feels more like an extension to the story, rather than a sequel for it takes in place in the pretty much the same location - the country of Liberl.Now, together with that come two things: all the npcs from previous title are still around, with their stories keep spinning forward, so if you have enjoyed roaming around talking to people in the first chapter, this one rewards it even more; but on the flip side of the coin you explore the same world with same locations and rarely visit new places which hurts that nice joy from exploration quite a bit.The story itself retains the feeling of casualness about it, so if you lot wanted to things to get more serious and gritty it doesn't really happenuntil final chapters of the game.Battle mechanics and whatnot were left without much of a change, adding only one additional ability to ""chain attacks"" where 2 to 4 of your party members unite together in glorious tornado of asskicking and adding a few powerful spells into your spellbook.Overall it's a solid pick and you should really treat it like an extension of the previous title since it retains it pace and setting 1:1, so give yourself a treat and find out how the story of Estelle and Joshua actually ends."
,Recommended,251290,19305823,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Gloriam Louis Armstrong,"Great sequel to the first game, which you should play first."
,Recommended,251290,19280497,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cid,Anyone that has completed the first game already has this. Paid for itself after the first scene. Provided some of the best moments I've ever had while gaming. Thank you XSEED and CF for going through localisation hell for us.
76561198142351815,Recommended,251290,19286877,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Blueish,Best game ever!
76561198082997873,Recommended,251290,19372973,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Edge,Amazing conlcusion! If you love JPRG's play this game!
76561198068452357,Recommended,251290,19371709,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rodent,"I'll recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of JRPGs made in the old style, names like Chrono Trigger or Final Fantasy 6. To be perfectly clear, the graphics are nothing to write home about and the combat system is functional and does it's job, while providing a fair degree of customization regarding how you build your characters via the quartz system and its associated buffs/debuffs.It is the story where the game really shines. There are a lot of NPCs in this game. A mindboggling amount. And most of them have their little stories to follow and something useful to say. The main cast is excellent, with Estelle being an interesting change from the usual 'woe is me' burdened protagonist we've often seen. There isn't much I can say apart from recommending you to at least try it, or the first game. If the characters grow on you, it'll be a game very much worth the 80+ hours you might spend on it."
,Recommended,251290,19281992,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mashi Ro,"Throughly enjoyed the continuation of the story. Very satisfying journey.+++Story++Music+Combat/Fishing-Still mainly in Liberl country. Was hoping for more exploration of the world besides a glimpse of Erebonia.-Its a very time-consuming game, especially if you're looking get 100% steam achievements.Highly recommended if you enjoyed playing FC (The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky). If you haven't played FC, give that a go first. It'll provide a richer experience and backstory before playing SC. It is also cheaper during a sale just in case you don't enjoy it.For best results, don't anticipate and let it flow."
76561198160947177,Recommended,251290,19402948,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,missionpossible995,"Great game. I LOVE this serie. can't wait for the third title to come out. I spent almost fifty hours into to this game,  and i'm still have not completed the story yet. Real time commitment, but totally worth it."
,Recommended,251290,19431658,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Public Enemy Obi Wan,"If you played the first chapter, this is a no brainer."
,Recommended,251290,19361411,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Syrup,"Figured I'd put my own little review here since there's not too much love here compared to the first one (people might be waiting for a sale like I did for the first in the series).It's an excellent little JRPG, nothing too groundbreaking and it doesn't bring the genre to any new heights, but it's a lovely little love-letter or care package for the JRPG's of yester-year. Little dissapointed with all the re-used assets, but am very happy to see the characters get the fleshed out backstories most of them deserve considering they were only hinted at in the previous title.Overall a lovely little adventure with likeable characters - pick it up with your cash and let Steam and devs know that fans for JRPG's are still about."
76561198210807241,Recommended,251290,19453195,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,rhexicoro,great game
,Recommended,251290,30640657,Posted: 20 March,all,Pnume,"Simply the best RPG you will find on PC.Great story well narated, tactical chalenging fights (in hard) and a lot of hidden stuffs building the game lore.It is slow, painfully so but it is easily forgiven."
,Recommended,251290,19591086,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cloud57,You like JRPGs? Buy it.
,Recommended,251290,19790650,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"If you have not played Trails in the Sky FC (listed on Steam simply as Trails in the Sky), ignore the rest of this review and look into it first. This is a direct sequel to that game (direct should be taken as literally as possible) and understanding the plot is extremely difficult without the background knowledge from that game.Otherwise, SC is simply the continuation and end to the primary storyline that surfaced at the end of FC. If you liked FC, there is almost zero chance you won't enjoy SC as well - it's more of everything FC had. A little older, a little wiser, a little sadder, and a great deal more grand in scope.Conversely, if you didn't like FC, know that SC is the real gateway to the larger world of The Legend of Heroes - but the core of the game is identical, so if nothing grabbed you from before, it probably won't here either.The execution and attention to detail from FC continues, and despite my various criticisms of the characters and plot threads, I want to emphasize again what incredible work Falcom and XSEED have done here."
,Recommended,251290,19774706,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,asdojkasodjsaopda,"The Legend of Heroes is now my favourite series above Mario. I played most of the game in offline mode so my playtime is lower than it should be. The story is great, it's really long and they sure put a lot of effort into it. All the characters seemed to be quintessence of a JRPG character stereotype but I didn't mind that cause they interacted so well together due to the dialogue so watching each characters interact with eachother which is dependent on who you bring into your party was very enjoyable. I'm going to do another playthrough just to see what the other characters say who I didn't bring into my party.There are a lot of side quests in which they kind of force you to explore and know the areas if you want to complete them, the side quests are optional but thanks to them I now know how to get to each place without reading the signs or opening the big map of the area which is kind of sad to be honest. Each town is also heaps different from eachother so finishing up one place is fun cause the next place is a new experience I guess. I did the game on easy cause I don't like grinding my players up.The game is great though and I hope they release the third one."
76561197990194469,Recommended,251290,19808426,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Varshyl,"Oh, my Goddess.  This JRPG was absolutely a blast to play through.  The writing was fantastic that kept tugging at my heartstrings throughout the game.  Seriously, if you're carving for a classic JRPG with a phemonomal story / dialogues, you couldn't go any less wrong with this one."
,Recommended,251290,19554530,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ShonanJunaiGumi,The best JRPG OF THE decade
76561197993359934,Recommended,251290,19655585,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,peters95,As a person who grew up playing turn based RPGs on my PS1 this game (and series) hits home and delivers a solid gaming experience.  I found that i did not have to do much grinding to level up or retry many battles but the game in general is not too easy or too hard which is not always easy to do.For people seeking a good old school turn based RPG this is a good series to look into
,Recommended,251290,19656687,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sundown15,"Trails in the Sky (and I am including FC and SC together, since they make one continuous story) is probably up there as one of my favorite jrpgs.  The main reason is because the story is very good with some great twists, and the games do a very good job of world building and fleshing out and developing the (largely likeable) cast of characters.However, as a result of the world building focus, the game tends to be very slow paced, and both games are fairly long.  It took me around 150 hours between the two games to complete the story, and surely not everyone would want to put that time in.  It can be considered either a bug or a feature, depending on what you are looking for.  I personally think that the generally slow paced and more laid back nature of the game makes a good contrast for when the story kicks things up several notches, as compared to other games which may try to be over-the-top at all times.  There is also a LOT of hidden side stuff and missions that you can choose whether or not to try to find.The battle system is similar to Grandia with a lot of interrupts and cancels, and can be fairly deep and enjoyable.  Also, the soundtracks for both games are fantastic and great at setting the tone for what is going on.If you are interested in an rpg that does a lot of character and world building, and are okay with a generally slower pace to the story, I can highly recommend Trails in the Sky.  Just be sure to play the first chapter (FC) first.  The second game (SC) won't make as much sense without it."
76561197969280883,Recommended,251290,19781140,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Argarion,"One of the best JRPGs I've ever played.  Interesting tactical combat system, great story, great soundtrack, and awesome sequel to the first game.  Absolutely one of my favorites."
,Recommended,251290,19885245,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zole,"Just finished the game on PSP (via Vita) with 68 hours on the clock. Complete masterpiece. Buying on PC purely to support the developers/localization team. I'll end up replaying FC and SC on the PC eventually for the improved visuals/audio. I really hope they localize more of the trails series, especially Third Chapter."
76561198081491003,Recommended,251290,19902415,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Trishx,Highly recommend this gam=D very good story telling game i ever played cant wait for the 3rd season to be release on steam englush version =) oh and ALL FALCOM series game pls steam!
76561198145314806,Recommended,251290,19833193,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Astra,It's good.
76561198012254772,Recommended,251290,19901945,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,crimson_falcon,"This game rewards the players with its clever writing and massive storytelling. With the latest entry:  Trails of Cold Steel that was originally release in Japan last year, it is no exeggration that the game's lore has been  more than 10 years in the making. Players will definitely immerse themselves in the geopolitcal, characters and the lore in this massive world that Falcom has carefully crafted.Combat and tactics are surprisingly well design. Orbments arrangement has given players the flexibity to engage the enemies with a variety of options.Soundtrack wise, Falcom Sound team and JDK Band has never disappoint their fans. Someone has uploaded a massive amount of their soundtracks on youtube (Falcom Music Channel), just head there and have a listen. I have no words to really describe how good they are."
,Recommended,251290,19934014,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Shadowpulse,>Buys SC on Sale>Plays it after 100% Achievements on FC>Plays it on Hard Mode on first walkthrough>Get rekt by everything that sees you10/10 would do it agian
,Recommended,251290,20295192,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sniget,My favorite JRPG of all time.
,Recommended,251290,20243029,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,OneWithEverything,"A masterpiece you should keep if you like good story, good music, and character relationship.Boss / NPC dialog changes depending on your party member.Though some character roles are specific (i.e. Agate will be physical dmg focus), the Estelle(main character) is flexible enough to go either physical or magical dmg style.On Nightmare difficulty, EXTREMELY recommended that you take Kevin whenever possible as the boss special move will 1 shot kill you (if not leave you barely standing)"
76561198070529033,Recommended,251290,20261800,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spartapus,"This game and its predecessor First Chapter belong to a rare breed that's all the more rare these days: The turn-based, character-driven JRPG with great storytelling and music, but less emphasis on impressive graphics. If you've enjoyed games like Suikoden, Grandia, Lunar or Xenogears in the past, this is the best game you could buy today. Just remember to start with First Chapter; it's a continuous story, and it's one of the most powerful stories that've been told in gaming since the days of Suikoden 2."
76561197970705380,Recommended,251290,20164849,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Volvotank,"As far as JRPG's go this is easily my favorite franchise.  I know the first game took a bit to get going but the story is rich, the characters amazing, and i really enjoyed this series to its full extent.10/10"
76561198063038210,Recommended,251290,23453576,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Khewl,"In the line of the First chapter, this game keeps it going and is really good,but it is way longer than the first chapter!"
76561198087441083,Recommended,251290,23453788,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,AnimeBoxer95,"My favorite Game and one of the best RPGs in the World as the first Part, but Words can not describe how great and exciting the second Part also is. Play it self !!! :D"
76561198045453791,Recommended,251290,23446148,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,zz360NOSCOPENOSWAGzz,"Everything that FC was and more. My favorite sequel to a game and the best JRPG on Steam AFAIK. Also, more Olivier than ever."
76561197988204715,Recommended,251290,23798797,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BobJimbo,Luv it m8
,Recommended,251290,19986706,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,parati570,"It has a great story, addictive gameplay, and is long enough to keep you occupied for a while. This is one of my favorite games yet, and I look forward for the next part to be released."
76561198025625270,Recommended,251290,20580946,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,xterminal86,Looking forward to the third chapter!
76561198039652938,Recommended,251290,20637406,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,gluberda,"Trails in the Sky SC is a strong follow up to the first Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky.  The story picks up just hours after the cliff-hanger conclusion of the first game, creating a seamless adventure that sometimes feels as much like a wonderful novel as a video game.  The plot is well placed, if a bit meandering at the start.  What really pulls the whole game together is the interactions of the charming and varied cast, as well as the phenomenal localization.  The dialouge never feels stilted or clunky, which is important because this game is verbose. The earlier book comparison is accurate: expect to do a lot of reading.From a gameplay standpoint, the combat is incredibly similar to the first which is both a strong reason to play this game as well as a bit of a knock against it. There was very little innovation in the implementation of battles. Fortunately, the base was already very solid and it is hard to find fault with the system.All in all, I would strongly reccomend this game to anyone in search of an emotional, character-driven, intrigue-filled adventure; however, lacking an understanding of the story from the first game will really inhibt one's ability to follow what is happening in the early portions of this game. It might almost be wiser to consider the two together one long game rather than a prequal and a sequal.TLDR; An absolute MUST play, provided you've payed the first one."
76561198045166698,Recommended,251290,20632239,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Rayaziel,"TL: DR: This game is a LOT of value for money. 80+ hours of gameplay for less than 30 euros. Its basically an extention of First Chapter. the gameplay is the same, the story is still set in Liberl. It picks up right where FC left off. there s a few small gameplay additions but not a lot. If you play this without having played FC, you wont understand wtf is going on.Pros:- same addicting gameplay- Excellent story and characters- the Olivier gay-pedo♥♥♥♥♥♥train is going at full speed this time- very good music- nice mix of humor and drama- tons of content with some hilarious side quests- epic campy voice acting.Cons:- YOU NEED TO HAVE PLAYED FIRST CHAPTER TO UNDERSTAND WTF IS GOING ON. SERIOUSLY.- Scarred for life by Olivier- afraid of piano players due to Olivier- afraid to share a room with blonde men thanks to Olivier- sidequests can become a bit a chore (especially the 'kill monster X at location Y')8.5 / 10 Would get man♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by Olivier again."
,Recommended,251290,20387742,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TyrtlEpic,"I would go on forever if I tried to review this game properly, and other people have already covered it well enough. Suffice to say, I love Trails in the Sky - all of it. It is now one of my favorite RPGs of all time. It convinced me to buy Trails of Cold Steel (which is also very good but lacks a bit of the same charms), and I will return to Trails in the Sky again and again over my lifetime, I'm sure of it. If you haven't played the first game, then there is really no reason for you to be here. But if you have, and enjoyed it at least fairly well, then I encourage you to embrace Second Chapter and finish this enthralling duology."
76561198018647783,Recommended,251290,20313973,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ChaosMuffins,This game has cheese 10/10
76561197997770523,Recommended,251290,20464336,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Stabage,For 35$ you get roughly 70+ hours of gameplay. Very few AAA titles charge more for not even a fraction of that gameplay.Rivetting story makes Part 2 of this series a 9.5/10 in my mind.
76561198053782848,Recommended,251290,20367823,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,mannytime8,More or less the same game as the first chapter a few improvements in combat. Much longer than the first. So if you like the first you should love the second. Definitely worth $10 more. I loved every second of it.
76561198109618214,Recommended,251290,20310028,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,poplepo5,"so this is more of a series review than just for this single game but here goes , after playing both first and second chapter i must say these have become my favorite rpg's of all time . The first chapter is a bit of a slow starter but stick out the first few hours and you get drawn into a huge and very detailed story that will hook you in , Second chapter is a direct sequal and every bit as great in the story department . charector development is very strong and no charector lacks charm and no main charector seems the same as the other , thats a good trait.Now for the battle system . The battle system is solid . offering up solid complexity without getting crazy complicated .Charectors are nicely classed , and advancement in this battle system is smooth and never seems rushed , you will typically be given new features during times when your done learning the old .another perk is these games actually offer legitimate challenge , unlike a final fantasy title where you will rarely hit hard battles , these games do offer a solid middle ground . some easy quests . but some boss battles especially on hard or higher can be absolutely brutal in terms of difficulty . so its really as hard as you choose you want it to be .Anyways to sum it up its a solid game set with a great involving story with memorable chrarectors with its mechanics set to a very solid place . id highly reccomend the purchase even at full price ."
,Recommended,251290,20629878,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Phantombeaver,"I played the original on my PSP several years ago, and I remember LOVING that game. I was really bummed out when I found out that the second game hadn't been released, and after some years I just forgot about Estelle and Joshua - until I got a Steam account. I looked around the store for any games I would like, and finally found this. The continuation of the first Trails game. I was THRILLED! I bought it and started playing it the same day, and I can say without exaggerating that this game is just as good as the first one - if not better.The characters have all developed since the last game, and the tone - while still having that Trails humor to it - is a bit darker than the first one.The combat system is great, and I loved messing around with my orbments to get the best arts possible (white Gehenna, Saint and Clock Down ftw).The world map is less detailed though, and doesn't display road names etc. The only negative thing besidets the map  is that it has distracted me from reading my uni textbook...But, yes, I highly reccomend this game to Trails fans and RPG-fans alike (though if you're new to the game, you should of course play the first game first.)"
76561198264096602,Recommended,251290,20622560,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Neogamer64,I thought that Trails in the Sky SC was an amazing game and experience that really built on the first chapter`s adventurous feel and elevated it immensely. It was obviously a lot darker than the first game with its introduction of new villains working from the shadows and narrowing down most characters` individual pasts and stories. The game felt so intense with each new chapter and was really exciting at times but always introduces time for a little laughter. Even the NPCs were quite lively and had their own tales which intersected between chapters and made them more lively. The overall length was very satisfying and did make ends meet with most characters but still left a few lingering questions and mysteries that are yet to be known.I`ll admit that some parts of it were definitely very predictable like being saved at the last minute in most scenarios. The game does over-use that trope and breaks the mood but it is nice to see other characters jumping in the spotlight. I personally felt that the choice to freely pick any party member was nice but it also does limit what we get out of having all characters shine. In the first game you had a select party for each chapter and could really get a feel for what makes them unique and also how you can really adapt to their abilities in battle. So in the SC its more like you can choose to experiment with different members while also trying to be aware of what abilites may be effective or not with others. The dialogue scenes can be lengthy but they are also touching at times which complements that along with its lovely soundtrack.Ultimately this has been one of the best JRPGs I`ve played in a while and I would definitely recommend it to others since it is rather unknown but is an amazing game nonetheless.
,Recommended,251290,20693759,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,phibzy,"Great follow up to the first game. Playing the first one is a must since this is a direct sequel. Pretty much continues everything good from the first game with a few improvements.The music is definitely a step up from the previous game, while there are also now even more orbment combinations for those people who love tinkering with their arts/stats setups for each of their characters.Story is still great, however the predictable structure of the first couple chapters got very boring once you realised what was happening each time. There are a tiny amount of annoying cliches in there as well, and some backstories to a few characters could have been done better. There is also a feel of backtracking a lot of the time since it's set in exactly the same place as the first game, but that can't really be avoided.Despite it's cons, I still highly recommend this game since to me the characters/story, music and combat system are what make it so fantastic.TL;DRPros:- Awesome characters- Even better music this time around- More arts/orbment options- Last chapters have awesome buildup- Improved turn related changes in combat (i.e. showing specific effects of AT Delays etc.)Cons:- First 4 chapters have very formulaic structure that gets annoying- Not too much of a pain for me, but there are definitely a few points where backtracking might annoy a lot of people- Some character backstories/motives are pretty sillyOverall Verdict: Great game, highly recommend."
76561198141217033,Recommended,251290,20729132,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Blaues Gras,Beautiful. Where is the third though ? GIMMEAlso: Crossbell Arc please :3
76561198000066930,Recommended,251290,20683649,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SF Phoenix,"A great sequel and conclusion to Trails in the Sky FC. Story kicks off right after the events of FC and you go around regions once again doing quests and pushing along the story. Game plays very much like FC in terms of battle mechanics, with a few new things sprinkled here an there such as chain attacks.A very nice and welcome change is the option to switch around party members. Certain story events will force you to use 1/2/3 characters, but for the most part, some customization is allowed, so go ahead and pick favourites. You also get new characters on top of the existing cast, so there are a lot to choose from.The music and graphics are nice too. The FMVs are slightly lacking at times, but that may be due to the game's age. One problem I encountered was that loading FMVs would crash the game very often, so I had to go into the settings and disable them and watch them later through Youtube."
76561198011203507,Recommended,251290,21515378,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tarawr,"Love the game, can't wait for the final installment."
,Recommended,251290,30733999,Posted: 25 March,all,DrunkNinja,"An absolutely amazing JRPG experience that should not be missed out on. It is quite lengthy, between this game and its prequel, I spent about 110 hours completing the main story (fyi if you're reading this and haven't played the first game somehow, you absolutely MUST play the first before SC, as SC literally picks up immediately after the events of the original) and it was worth every second.  While the main overarching story isn't particularly amazing, it's really the characters and interactions with the world that make the game so special.  All the character personalities bounce off each other naturally in every piece of dialogue and make it a joy to read through, even when there's a lot (and believe me there is a LOT) of exposition going on.  While SC does reuse a lot of the first game's assets for obvious reasons, it never really felt like a boring retread, there's plenty of new story events going on and new dungeons within previously explored areas that I never really found myself faulting the game for this design decision.  The detail crammed into the world is immense, down to even some NPCs having their own side stories you can follow if you decide to talk to them as you progress through the game and run into them.  XSeed also went one extra step with the localization by adding humourous messages when you try to inspect a previously opened chest, and SC has a much larger variety of them too, it took me until probably the last 15 hours or so in the game before I started noticing repeated messages; its a fun touch that also shows the care the localization team took.Basically, this game and its prequel are now definitely up there among my top JRPGs of all time, and are well worth your money, even at full price.  Check them out if you got the time for them!"
76561198033167284,Recommended,251290,22108534,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Drkfenrir,"The second game pretty much gives you everything you want and more.It improves on the original in every way, including a far more action packed story.And oh lord, the bosses are awesome.Play it on Hard if you want a challenge. Play it on Nightmare if you're a glutton for punishment."
76561198032586713,Recommended,251290,22411420,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,The Great Cornholio,I'm reviewing so they release the next one. Great game.
76561198011319800,Recommended,251290,22435842,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,kelsall!,Xseed need to translate the third game! I'm hooked!
,Recommended,251290,22510910,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,kwsuther,"A decent enough follow-up to the first game, with the exception that it's a re-play of the first game in many ways.Being an extremely long play-through (which may come at the delight of some) Trails SC often feels like a boring rehash of the first game, using much of the same music, scenery and orbmental tactics with relatively few innovations.That said, there are many emotionally-involved moments, and ending scenes are epic, touching and rewarding, with a number of challenging battles that require re-thinking equipment and orbments to overcome.In the final scenes, however, I felt too little attention was paid to the 2 main characters: Their epilogue was ultimately rushed with little care to the emotional attachments of players after everything they've through been with them. To be clear, the final scenes were highly disappointing.But for the die-hard JRPG fan who (like me) craves recapturing a piece of SNES-style nostalgia, Trails in the Sky SC still proves to be a charming adventure with alluring characters and a twisting plot that leaves you wanting more.If there is a Third Chapter, I hope it makes it's way to the PC with far more urgency from Xseed, because despite the relatively cosmetic downfalls, it's a fantastic character set and storyline that I can't help wanting to play more of!"
76561198030943643,Recommended,251290,22505910,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,calson33,"If you have not played the first game, see the reviews for that. You will miss out on a lot if you jump in at this stage.If you have, and loved it, then this is more of the same. Go for it!"
76561197972458972,Recommended,251290,22417662,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,maji,One of the best jrpg's I've played.
,Recommended,251290,30681142,Posted: 23 March,all,Legendary,"Best RPG series that I've ever played. Not only does it have a great experience, you also are able to become very well connected with the characters and the story. Everysingle character has their own personality, even if it's not one of the playable characters. You also actually get so connected with the characters that when something happens, it can actually affect your emotions. I can't recommend this game enough to people who really love long RPG games."
,Recommended,251290,22526735,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,GiggityMan,"The Legend of Heroes SC is developmental proof that an RPG's technologies take back seats to intricately developed characters and well written story. Nearly every art asset, except the final few hours, and combat system of this game are recycled from FC, but one can't but help fall in love and be consumed with the world that Nihon Falcom has created and evolved through the length of this amazing adventure. A gem of a JRPG and a genre class that may never be seen again. Fans of classic JRPGs owe it to themselves to purchase and play this game. 10/10!"
,Recommended,251290,24522150,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,kenshee,"A must play if you liked the first game, however it might be best to take a decent break in between playing both titles.Gameplay, presentation and music are all ... pretty much the exact same as in trails in the sky FC, as it is just the second part of that game. I did however replace the standard battle theme after about 5 minutes of playing, which was the only theme I absolutely didn't like.While the story does continue straight after the end of FC, the pace does not. It drops back down, hard, if I had anything to complain about it would be that.The first few chapters of SC largely just feel like a repeat of FC, you go to the same locations, you get drip-fed some new story bits each time, and then you move on to the next town.That said the latter half of the game picks up the slack and then some. The two trails in the sky games have ensured that I'll be a ""Trails"" fan for a long while to come, definitely recommended, but you have to be in the right mindset going into it, and don't expect the page-turner feeling that the end of FC left you with right out of the gate."
,Recommended,251290,26249832,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,"Just as good, if not better than the already amazing original."
76561198014277074,Recommended,251290,24937951,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Hey Guys,"Since most reviews here focused generally on the rich story, mine will instead praise the antagonists that made said rich story actually work.In addition to the breathtaking soundtrack during dialogues and battles with them, each and every one of the antagonists has a fleshed out backstory that enraptures you and leaves you with a desire to truly discover their intent on villainy. Similar to other great games, SC also uses grey areas of villainy to add more depth for Estelle (and you) to rationalize and empathize with. Is he or she truly evil? Despite your answer, it it undeniable that they are all designed to surpass banal portrayals of antagonists. Last but not least, they also look really cool aesthetically and their battles are engrossing.tl:dr - If you like story-rich games with awesome antagonists, you should definitely give this a go."
,Recommended,251290,25019344,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Twas,My wallet is patiently waiting for the third game to come on steam.
76561198258892696,Recommended,251290,26300343,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ttaylor31206,"Great game, highly recommend. This is no FInal Fantasy at least by today's standards (which is a good thing imo).  Put it up there with Suikoden, Lunar and Chrono.  Like those games and you'll like this."
76561198008190543,Recommended,251290,27750435,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Suricata suricatta,Best story from any game I've played.
,Recommended,251290,27723942,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪Sky,Perfect Sequel for an already excellent game!10/10 Would travel the entire country on foot again!
,Recommended,251290,27736308,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Syz,One of the best conclusions to one of the best JRPGs ever made.
76561197993740523,Recommended,251290,27585332,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rylandb,More heart and soul than any other RPG that I've played.
76561198156793861,Recommended,251290,20857661,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ilfirin_Velca,"Excellent second chapter to this series. The characters are fantastic, the world immensely detailed and full of life, the story is gripping, and the battles actually do not get too tedious (and when they do, equip one of the various quartz that makes it easy to avoid battles!) I highly recommend everyone check out the first chapter AND this one!"
76561198058197058,Recommended,251290,21634422,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,marcusloke888,The first and second chapter love story line is excellent.Hardly can wait for the 3rd chapter.
76561198051773879,Recommended,251290,21638921,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MadScientist,"A brilliant continuation to a brilliant game. In addition to the story, SC adds some extra features to combat. These include new crafts and arts, that are a welcome improvement.I personally loved the first part and loved this one even more."
,Recommended,251290,21664710,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,toekneepoon,"This game is so good omg, especially if you like games with lots of character building. The story is unravelled beautifully, and quite a few of the scenes left me with goosebumps. Definitely a good sequel to FC. Only downside is revisiting old places you been before where youve already spoken to everyone so you dont wanna do it again, and reopening chests in areas you already visited in FC"
76561197995581863,Recommended,251290,21670895,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Cosmic,Jrpg saga!
,Recommended,251290,21579865,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,dewdjitsu,"The best JRPGs on Steam. Do finish the first game first though or you will get confused with the story. SC continues of direcly after FC and does plenty of things better.YES:+Great story with a satisfying ending+Plenty of sidequests+Runs on toasters+Skill customization is improved+More party members+More character development+NPCs (Anton lol)+Minigames (Fishing, Casino Stuff)++THAT SOUNDTRACK+++MORE OLIVIERNO:-Dated graphics-Lack of voice acting-Anelace not a permanent party memberLOVE IT OR HATE IT:+-Old School Battle System+-DifficultyHopefully, one day The 3rd will eventually get translated."
,Recommended,251290,26996234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blueasian,One of my favourites in the series.
,Recommended,251290,26979019,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rayeth,The conclusion to an amazing story that started with Trails FC.   A glorious game.  Well worth the 80-ish hours it takes to get to the end.  A wonderful story and fantastic game.
,Recommended,251290,26967404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Panda354,"There is some minor problem about achievement in this game, which makes me halt the progressBut i'll wait..until it fixedThis game is Good Old School JRPG that you will loveThe Story is a blast, the character is memorable, the comedy is well made, but the battle is a little bit slow, still acceptableGrab this if you love JRPG"
,Recommended,251290,20907119,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mechaphile,"Steam messed up recording my time. Complete file clocks in around 80 hours.This series (FC + SC) is the perfection of the PS1 era JRPG. If you like Grandia especially, you need to play this game. It's probably the most lovingly made game I've played in years. This is what a product of passion for the medium looks like."
76561198101726099,Recommended,251290,27012477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Protag,Second Chapter is the second half of the Trails duol-just get the damn game.It's a veritable masterpiece of modern JRPG's.Long Live this series man.
,Recommended,251290,27029556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,StrykerL,"An exceptional sequel that lets you walk through familiar areas but in a much more meaningful way. Yes, you've seen all the areas before in Part 1, but the way the every character in the entire game will comment relative to your place in the story is absolutely phenomenal. The game grows stronger as it goes, and is supported by exceptional music. This game came as a surprise, and left as one of my all time favorites.Recommendation: Essential"
76561198077255791,Recommended,251290,27039015,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SonicAeon,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky SC fills in a lot of the questions and plot holes from the first game while retaining a great OST and same battle system. Expect many plot twists and A LOT more character development than from the first game.Amazing conclusion and follow-up from the First chapter. However, there is a Third chapter that will be probably releasing sometime around 2017 so if you've fully enjoyed the first and second chapter, the third game is not necessarily needed to play since SC offered a nice conclusion, but from the ending of SC there are still some things not fully revealed if you're still interested."
76561198163225397,Recommended,251290,26938014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dawahshi,"I love a game with a good storyline and this knocks it out the park ay! I really thought as we got with the times, graphics would have been an issue but I know for sure, that aint the case with this series. Characters, soundtrack, dialogues and the events that befall all fits in perfect and I just love it! Highly recommend it and can't wait for part 3 :)"
,Recommended,251290,26945959,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,siln,"The Trails series is the gold standard for turn-based JRPGs, and has been for some time.  It's good to see them finally being translated and released in English.  SC follows directly after the events of Trails in the Sky, and resolves most of the stories of its characters while leaving lots of room to expand upon the story of Liberl and the Zemurian continent as a whole."
,Recommended,251290,26894434,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phil,Highly recommended classic RPG!
,Recommended,251290,26895829,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ned993,"Around October last year, my best friend convinced me to buy a couple of games in the Steam autumn sale, called The Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky, and its sequel, Trails in the Sky SC, which was just localized. It took me a few months to get to actually playing and completing them due to various reasons, but now that I did (and stayed up till 6 in the morning to finish SC), I have one thing to say. It was all so, SO worth it.Where do I even start? The story is an amazing example of tricking you into thinking it's a run of the mill JRPG, when it's anything but. It's an intricate, deep, well-thought out and wonderful story, with some of the best world building I've ever seen. (NPC's with their own stories isn't something you come across every day.) The characters are so charming, lovable, well-written, and so well-developed, including even the villains, which honestly feel more like well-intentioned extremists at times rather than outright villainous. The OST is simply marvelous, whether it be boss battle themes (like the one down here) or emotional tracks, it all fits so well and sounds amazing. Sure, the game looks outdated at first glance, but it sure as heck doesn't feel that way, and the battle system is quite easy to grasp, especially if you're not used to turn-based games.Overall, Trails in the Sky was one of the best video games I've experienced in quite a while, and it was worth every minute and so worth buying. It was awesome and amazing, and I can't recommend it enough."
76561197972382461,Recommended,251290,26922708,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DoGCyN,Incredible game..I did actually enjoy it.I'm writing this review for the steam awards badge.
,Recommended,251290,26884103,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vayanui8,"If you've already played the first one then you're well aware that you need to play this. If you haven't played the first one, then go play it immediately so that you can play this one. They're just that good."
,Recommended,251290,26812502,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,liws89,Really interesting story! Looking forward to the third chapter
76561198105510856,Recommended,251290,21187426,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ag.news.spec,Just finished the game. Best Sequel ever!Simply one word: AMAZINGLooking forward to playing the Third Chapter soon.
,Recommended,251290,26666782,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Licious,Something about corney anime adventures wrapped up in a sincere effort hits a childhood nostalgia with me. The second chapter of Trails in the Sky resonates with that sensibility to the fullest.
,Recommended,251290,26676974,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,revenge616,"One of the things highlighted in the steam page is that there is ""more Olivier than ever"". I can confirm this is true and therefore reason enough to buy the game."
,Recommended,251290,26639158,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Leviathan235,"Superb game, better than Trails in the Sky FC in more or less every way. Better plot, more character development, better twists, updated combat, vastly superior music.Once again, I found myself much invested in the travails of our heroes, as they try to stop a countrywide scheme with much more at stake than the previous game. The main and supporting characters get noticeably more mature in their mannerisms and actions as they develop organically through the plot. Certainly there are anime cliches here and there (but to be honest, I don't watch much anime aside from say DBZ so I can't really comment on this), but the characters are so well fleshed out and human that you can easily overlook them.NOTE: I forgot to mention in the previous review that in order to enjoy the game you have to be comfortable reading text. There is no voice-over, so expect a good amount of reading (not remotely close to crpg levels of reading, but definitely not for call of duty players). But then again, most of the conversations are thoroughly entertaining and do make sense.I am keenly looking forward to Trails in the Sky TC english version coming to steam early next year. Regrettably, Estelle and Joshua's plotline ends here, so TC will be mainly about another character introduced in SC.I would give this game 9/10."
76561198060858877,Recommended,251290,27074118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Electrified Mizie,"Great classic RPG game. The story is great, the gameplay is good and likeable characters.It took me 100 hours to finish this game and I got to say its worth it.I recommend this game for those who like to play classic RPG together with great story but only after you complete the first game."
,Recommended,251290,33270350,Posted: 5 July,all,kyrrn,Big thumbs up so far!
76561198077649060,Recommended,251290,33327117,Posted: 6 July,all,Reclusegamer,"See my Sky 1 review firstherebefore reading here.Picking up literally the next day where the 1st Sky game left off and what the ending cinematic teased you, Estelle Bright departs on another journey. If you have played the first game already, you already know why, so I won't need to mention and in the interest as keeping this as spoiler-free as possible this probably will be very short but you should already have enough incentive to get going and finish this amazing story.Estelle and all of the other bracers will be brought up to speed on what's going on with Cassius returning to liberl after he had to leave the country at the beginning of the 1st Sky game and you'll figure out what's happening in liberl as well as more world lore involving the ancient Zemurians that used to inhabit it as well as their ancient technology and the plans of the Society of Ouroburos.And if you thought a silly coup d'tat was the darkest this story can get you are sorely mistaken. It will get dark in later chapters here.Gameplay is pretty much the same as Sky 1 but your endgame experience will be more interesting as Tier 5 quartz will be available later on. Outside of that, nothing is really different."
76561198104052219,Recommended,251290,33297540,Posted: 5 July,all,Shokka,"12 hrs in loving it already, the next chapter in the series. Amazing JRPG"
76561197976121298,Recommended,251290,33530571,Posted: 14 July,all,Weyser,"This is a must-buy if you're a fan of RPG's. Heck, even if you're not, buy the first chapter, then come and buy this one too. Great characters, gorgeous music, challenging fights and a 11/10 story make the Trails in the Sky games a must-have.Oh, you also get to fight a sheep made of 5 other sheeps, 10/10 fight"
76561198136452220,Recommended,251290,32158711,Posted: 3 June,all,emmelotje,"This second game in the trails in the sky is really good!  The game has a nice story, many people from the first game, nice interesting characters! Buy it!"
76561198049947727,Recommended,251290,32165135,Posted: 3 June,all,familyplayer,"Character development the video game.All joking aside, this is a wonderful sequel to an already wonderful game. If you like the first, you'll like this one even more as it also gives a ton of character development that the first game did not. Like many other JRPGs, it clocks in around 100 hours or so (sidequests included), so you will get your money's worth."
76561198081727790,Recommended,251290,28958217,Posted: 2 January,all,MasterOfBeings,THIS GAME AND ITS STORY IS AMAZING. If you like RPGs PLAY IT NOW (after the first game of course.)
76561198258327653,Recommended,251290,28885096,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,soto bakso,Recommend. must play for jrpg lover.
76561198072419591,Recommended,251290,28838775,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Johnson,"Really good game. Unlike FF, game is designed with PC in mind.Probably one of the best RPGs inline with Divinity OS.Easy to understand gameplay and couple with a great touching story.Worth every penny spend on it."
76561198085549553,Recommended,251290,28824525,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kylelebert_17,"An amazing journey, and a great follow up from the first installment. The story is rich, the pacing is great, and the writing really brings you into this adventurous world."
,Recommended,251290,28876931,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,witzca,"This is a really great JRPG Game. Even though it has a sort of typical storyline, you will still be immersed into the Trails universe and you won't be able to resist loving all the characters. Can't wait for the third chapter"
,Recommended,251290,28969680,Posted: 3 January,all,Kaizen,If u like JRPGS and you're a looter.Well then this game is for youDis game has the best treasure looting messages found all throughout the game and I personally find joy in reading every single one of those witty and funny messages found in the chestsThat's the best part of the game but what kind of review would this be if I didn't talk about what the rest of the game has to offerStarting off with the goods and somewhat neutral-Soundtrack still has nice beats that really pumps you up when fighting with monsters aswell as make you FEEL when it's needed-has good art style (I like it personally).But it actually is good tho-Enemies with good personalities which really makes you actually like them even tho they are bad guys.It really makes you feel attached to them cuz they don't really feel menacing or a threat-Funny and witty treasure messages-Story starts of with a recap of the first chapter so first time players of this chapter would know what's going on(though playing the first game is still definitely recommended)-It has funny little twist for one of the characters.Let's hide him by the name Olivier(SPOILERSSS) :D-It finally has animation cut scenes during the last half of the gameThe bads?-Well like any other RPGs... Alot of repetitive tedious fighting just to level up tho that's not too bad-I said it recaps past events but you could still get confused if you haven't played the first chapter-For those who played the first game guess what?We're still playing in Liberl-I'm not much of a reviewer and I'm not good at noticing flaws in anything sofrom the goods of the game I'd say its an awesome game personally and for me it's my favourite game seriesBut many people won't agree with me.Yes it's not the best game in the RPG/JRPG genre but it's defenitely worth your time for a story rich game filled with anime -ish graphics It's really good
,Recommended,251290,29211999,Posted: 12 January,all,Vladkins,"8/10 - If you like the first chapter...+ Follows the first game's cliffhanger ending well+ Flushes out your leveling progress gracefully by upgrading your magic kits+ Good variety of characters, battles, locations.- Story dragged on a bit"
,Recommended,251290,29201492,Posted: 12 January,all,xagarelic,".... almost this close on winning a back to back frustratingly hard boss fight........ then the game crashed.......T__Teven that won't stop me to give this second chapter a pretty score, beautiful scores, beautiful story, fun battles (some are long though), lots of reading dialogues :PTime to pull an all-nighter grinding again, just to speed up the first part of that nasty boss fight since I have to do it all again... man that brings me back to the age of late 90's JRPGs (grinding lvls, just to ensure I have enough HP to survive a hard-hitting boss attack)but please fix the crashing bug T__T"
,Recommended,251290,29203754,Posted: 12 January,all,lolibutt,"The good:+ Game play is fluid and very nice+ Very well done position based combat+ Interesting characters. All of them. Including NPCs. And even the cat that only says ""meow""+ Story is a bit cheesy and predictable, however it is still very charming+ Great music!I've had so much fun playing this game that I had to limit myself to prevent myself from finishing too early. I've spent hours fine tuning which characters joined my party, their roles within the party and what orbments they recieve.The turn based gameplay itself is very well done, arts ('spells') are not cast on the same turn you select them which adds a very interesting dynamic to the battles, where you have to plan ahead if you use arts based characters. In this game, positioning really matters and that ups a level of the game. I can't explain how fluid everything feels, it's something you just have to experience.Now the crux of why I think this game is amazing: It's characters all have some sort of depth. When you play this game, the world you play in breathes and lives. Every character has their own lives independent of the main character and they don't all completely rely on the protagonist like most games do. They solve their own problems, have their own personalities and you can see storylines completely separate from the main story unfold just by talking to various NPC's and piecing together what they say to you. At least half the game was me running around talking to every single character in game because I actually care about their struggles, even if I can't help them because I want to know what's going on in their lives. S+ for characterisation.The music has also improved from FC. New soundtracks sound amazing, and the remixes of the main theme are awesome. The music really does set the mood for the scene.What also stood out to me were the themes of female independence, of course there are bits where they reinforce old stereotypes of women but it's to be expected for the age it's set in. It doesn't go over the top with GIRL POWA but as the main protagonist is a girl, they do a very good job with her character. Her strength doesn't come just with her fighting power. Would make little girls play/10Now as for the actual plot, it follow a very typical RPG plot of saving the world but it's still incredibly charming in it's own way. It's incredibly linear, but the characters flesh it out into something interesting. PLAY ITThe bad:+ Trope heavy. Characters can fall for commonly used tropes+ Cheesey writing+ Not much to look atIf you can look past that, and enjoy turn based rpgs and a decent story line with bomb characters I would recommend it!"
76561198073088368,Recommended,251290,29413270,Posted: 21 January,all,The Silent One,"After playing this game a year ago, putting it down and once again picking this game back up again I finally finishined playing through the 2nd chapter to this awesome series. I heard from a friend there is goign to be a 3rd game in the series so I'll be looking forward to playing through it."
,Recommended,251290,29126318,Posted: 8 January,all,AdamantSpartan,"Oh boy, oh boy.I got 100% completion in this game and it was just as fun and enjoyable as the last one.A nice combat system.Likeable characters.Cool villains.Good story.And the walking Deus Ex Machina.Also, the promise of this game being twice as long as the first was pretty spot on.If you liked the first game and beat it, then you might as well get this one too,After all, it's a direct sequel after the first game's cliffhanger.If you're reading this without playing the first game...why are you here?Go try the first game in the series already!P.S:Considering how Trails in the Sky: The 3rd now has a confirmed release date of May 3rd (less than a month from now), there's no better time to get caught up."
76561198052706484,Recommended,251290,28393248,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,mademan2,"Aaaaaaaah, the bliss! That is all I can say after finishing this :) Now, first let me adress the one thing that I found a little bit annoying in this, and than I will get to the plethora of great things! Soooo, why does every villain need to have a sob story to make him more likeable? Why do they get to redeem themselfs and why do they get to live at the end when so many whom they killed don't. Prime jerks like Walter, Bleublanc and even Renne (as adorable as she is), while I do understand the points about Renne, Walter is simply a moron and a jerk on top, I would have loved to see him actually pay. It is beyond the point of cliché here, everyone has a sad story which made them turn evil and everyone has a connection of some sort to someone in the party, what are the odds and why does it have to be so awkward :D But whatever, that doesnt really matter when you look at the near masterpiece that is Trails in the sky SC.I simply adore the world, the characters, the interactions, lore, explorations and even the combat. I was so praying for a happy ending for Joshua and Estelle, their relationship is so real and understandable that it made me smile so widely when they met up again. For the first time ever, I think, I did not dislike the brooding main hero who left the girl to ""protect her"", because Joshua actually had a reason, and Estelle, being the exact opposite of a damsel in distress, kicked his♥♥♥♥♥till he straightened up and brout everything to a happy ending. They honestly are among my most favorite gaming couple's of all times, if not at the top of the list.I honestly lack the words to describe the great ride you will have with this game if you enjoy story heavy rpg's. All the small details and funny conversations simply put this above a generic rpg's of this age, it is original and inventive and all the expected cliché's aside the character's motivations and actins are relatable and understandable. It is excellently written and just sucks you in for the whole ride and it's one hell of a ride, long, arduous, but ultimately immensely satisfying. Anyone and everyone who likes rpg's and doesnt have this and the first chapter, get it now!Now to only find out what happens next when the gears of fate finally start turning again... I am sure we will see Joshua and Estelle again in another great story!"
76561198060937112,Recommended,251290,22712098,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Glitter Heart,"Who Should Buy this Game?If like me you thoroughly enjoyed playing turn based JRPG’s before 3d gaming took off, then you will enjoy this title, you will get addicted. All of the characters are interesting, the plot is deep and interesting. While there is lot of dialog, very little of it is filler.Pros•	It will take a long time to complete both chapters,•	I was at a loss when I finished my 143 hour playthrough of first chapter and second  chapter, there’s not many companies producing games like this one•	Sadly, games are not made like this anymore. I wish more games had strong and likable cast of characters, good music and a fun and interesting plot with decent gameplay mechanics.•	You can retry battles, when you lose (Fights also get easier after each retry so you arenever stuck).•	Decent turn based strategy, with a variety of customizable skillsCons•	There is a ton of dialog, which can slow the pace of the game.•	There is no way of skipping or speeding-up battle animations.•	It’s easy to miss some quests. I missed some for the first guild before I got the hang of it.•	Agate (Though you will like him towards the end of SC)ConclusionTrails in the Sky has its problems, however they don’t ruin the experience. It is everything a decent JRPG should be. Many of these flaws can be overlooked depending on preference.Unlike the games mentioned above, Trails in the sky has an awesome story, that keeps getting better the deeper you get into the game."
76561198081444617,Recommended,251290,31325679,Posted: 23 April,all,Phraq,"Its a Falcom game, enough said"
76561198146150437,Recommended,251290,28970253,Posted: 3 January,all,dondashall,"Great game. Starts awesome & keeps up fairly well. There is however a section when it feels really slow because you are mostly focusing on a main quest here - there are almost no side-quests. So there's a section during the period where things are setting up for the main storyline that felt really slow for me - I almost stopped playing, in fact. However, if you make it through that part - the game just gets better and better."
,Recommended,251290,31511517,Posted: 2 May,all,Elteri,"A great second chapter to the first game, Keeps the quality of the first game and simply expands on it and continues without losing any of it's magic probably in my top 10 games"
,Recommended,251290,34757374,Posted: 5 September,all,龙・ロング,"A splendid way to conclude the story from the first title. Yet at the same time, leaving it open for the other series to come.The timing of the story is great, as so are the new music scores and the mystery behind the Aureole.Since I already reviewed the first chapter, I just wanted to recommend it even if most of the game mechanics are pretty much similar (it feels like playing a really long game, but still I enjoyed it). Also I do not want to talk much about the story because it is very nice to see it unfold before you... so be careful with spoilers around."
76561198040907062,Recommended,251290,34795531,Posted: 7 September,all,chrispkeenan,"Highly recommend this game. I am 78 hours in, close to the end, and have enjoyed it tremendously. You will need to play First Chaper to appreciate the story, as its a direct continuation of that games story."
76561198065499339,Recommended,251290,34890540,Posted: 11 September,all,noitemsever201R,"Somehow manages to be even better than the first game. If you played the first game, you absolutely cannot skimp on this one."
,Recommended,251290,33649954,Posted: 19 July,all,Dixastah,"Pros:- Great Story I like how they connect the characters story with each other.- Graphics: decent enough for a tactical game.- Will take time to beat the game.Cons:- Plot: Gets repeatitive as you go. You just go from one city to another to ""investigate"". It only gets interesting once you're almost at the end of the game.- Slow, repetitive battle system. There is no option to speed things up like let's say you want just want to do regular attacks without having to manually pressing enter and left click. No assignment to do auto cast of magic spells. You'll end up scrolling to look for the ""same spell"" that you want to use. This gets tedious when you have multiple magic on a character. The sepith and orbment is complex and the high-end spells are difficult to get since you'll need to mix-up different quartz to make sure you hit the required elemental requirement.- Sidequests: Repeatitive. You kill monsters, you look for something or someone.- Lots of reading. There are several excessive dialogues.Got this game because I am a fan of the series."
,Recommended,251290,33841613,Posted: 27 July,all,Akane Tendo,"I'm not great at reviews but here are some points I'd like to make from my personal experience.-Definitely getting a sense of SNES and PS1 era JRPG nostalgia.-I'm seriously impressed by the worldbuilding they've done for the series.-I got hype way more times than I could remember from the plot reveals. The theatrics were amazing. Oliver can be over the top, but he's my favorite character for that reason.-The soundtrack fits each setting well and helps control the scenes.-Combat in this game is fun and party switch up's for plot help to mix up strategy. Although I definitely feel like the game sets you in the direction of heavily relying on certain spells later on (ex. Earth Wall and Clock Up EX feel essential.)I think Trails in the Sky is one of the best JRPG series I've ever played. With it's artistic style and simplicity, I feel like the game will age well with time. IMO it's a top 10 JRPG of all time contender."
,Recommended,251290,33899094,Posted: 30 July,all,Zilkin,"One of my favorite RPG series. Great story, characters, world building, combined with great battle system."
76561198251416628,Recommended,251290,33877899,Posted: 29 July,all,princeps12,One of the best JRPGs that aren't mainstream like SE stuffs! Nuffs said!
76561197989535096,Recommended,251290,33573540,Posted: 15 July,all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"I really can't recommend this game series enough, the story and the way inwhich you are in the story, is genius. The quests are great too and nicely revolve in some way, around the main story. Game is amazing, the turn based combat is, I think, the best I've played - understanderble and flexible. Must play the first game first, you'll miss too much of the story plus an equally awesome game."
76561198009376369,Recommended,251290,34372796,Posted: 20 August,all,Riotstar23,awesome game!
76561198121206088,Recommended,251290,31941086,Posted: 24 May,all,Black_Fang,"Have you played the first chapter?Yes? Then why haven't you bought this game yet? Wtf is wrong with you?No?Then please do.Spoilers regarding the first game follow!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!!!StoryEstelle sets out to bring Joshua back home. She has no idea about his past and is confused as to why he ran. The kingdom of Liberl is in danger. The illusive society of Ouroboros is on the prowl, with all its deadly ""Enforcers"" making appearances. The empire of Erebonia is looking for an excuse to start another war. Coming to our beloved protagonists, Estelle really shows a lot of character and the reason why everyone loves her. Joshua... Well, he regains his memory and is an absolute beast, perhaps the fastest and sharpest character of the game. This game is loaded with some really touching scenes. Get ready for a 50 hour, epic adventure, that'll make you cry, laugh and leave you utterly surprised thanks to a really well written story.CombatCombat is same as the first game. There is this new craft, that allows you to combine  attacts of different party members and the orb system has been upgraded, with lots of nifty arts. And yes the characters get a new set of S-breaks.The soundtrack is even better than the first game. Kudos to Falcom JDK.Pros:+Amazing Story+Well-written characters+Soundtrack+Boss fights+Orbments are reaaaally customizable.Cons:-Just kidding. There are no cons."
,Recommended,251290,34517972,Posted: 26 August,all,inoist,A game with an amazing story
,Recommended,251290,34525913,Posted: 27 August,all,uncle assads barrel bombs,its good
76561198010838885,Recommended,251290,34542338,Posted: 27 August,all,mnmike2002,"The best game in the series, and one of the best JRPGs of all time.  The mechanics make a few refinements over the first chapter.  The story-telling here is top-notch.  And you really get to know the characters, both the good guys and the bad.  If you enjoyed the first chapter even a little bit, then you'll love this one."
76561198079077557,Recommended,251290,34709548,Posted: 3 September,all,literally retarded,yes
,Recommended,251290,34976817,Posted: 15 September,all,☠ Cpt. Spy McZard ☠,"My conclusion after 180h playtime:If you liked the prequal you´ll get basically a polished version of that with even a much larger playtime. In this sequal alot of background story about your companions will be told in a very long-winded game. Also, typical for a trilogy, this is the main part which will answer most of you question in a big climax. Sadly though, you´d have to play for a very long time to get to this point. This game´s athmosphere is exactly the same as in it´s prequal, due to same graphics, same (sometimes realy overdone) dramatic situation and same polished combat system. Also, you´ll walk on the exact same map as in the prequal and will have to read tons of dozens of text. At this point I can tell, without spoiling, that the story feels finished after you completed the game although there´s a third part.To sum in up in a pro/con comparision:PRO:- 150h of pure playtime with main- and sitequests- fans get exactly what they wanted- overall a polished ""Trails in the sky first chapter""- great soundtrack with old and new tracks- a credibly told story with authentic charactersBonus: The story´s main plot is surprisingly close to our modern worlds problemwith digitalization and KI invading our life.CON:- you´ll face a wall of text, young padawan- some characters act realy flat, like your main character (Estelle)- a dramatically told story about ""staying together and we can reach everything"" which is not for everyone- very long-winded story, which need some serious time to evolve- combat system that needs some time to understand (putting quarz in the right orders)NOTE: If you havent played ""Trails in the sky first chapter"" you are missing some seriousbackground knowledge to understand what´s even going on. So I highly recommendplaying the first game!"
,Recommended,251290,34940392,Posted: 13 September,all,Saeran,"This was an amazing game to experience! Because of this i'll review both the First Chapter (FC) and Second Chapter (SC) briefly. Having taken a chance on The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky FC, I couldnt wait to continue the story in this follow up chapter. SC was definetly not a disapointment!! The journey was emotional, brutal and intricate. The Characters were so well written and thought out to me that I loved every little piece of dialogue - from the main cast to the random NPCs. The battle system was incredibly fun and although there was a learning curve at the beginning it eventually became second nature. The puzzels and main quests were so much fun. The side quests were for me a mix bag. Some side quests were unique others were repetitive in the FC. However, by the SC the quests feel much more important to the plot.Overall I give the:FC an 8/10. It was a slow burn that heated up towards its climax end.SC an 9/10. Starting directly from the conclusion of the first it built on the FC and delivered an amazing final ending."
76561198097663874,Recommended,251290,35057972,Posted: 18 September,all,Dale Bawlz,"This game, much like the first, is a really slow build.  I felt like I was waiting for something to happen for the first half of the game (as I did with FC) and a lot of the character development seemed to have already been handled... Yet it picks up and ends beautifully!The side quests are generally boring and the payouts are not super interesting, so I feel like they may slow down and detract from the game rather than enhance it.  My advice would be to not worry too much about all the bonus stuff and just focus on the story.  They are probably a big part of what makes the game drag.I find it very difficult to assess how I feel about this game... I really like where it ends up, and yet part of me still feels it deserves a negative rating for how they get you there.  I don't know.. I don't know... I felt the same way after FC, and yet here I am... and I will undoubtedly play TC... so maybe I love it?  I hate binary ratings, and now I am stressed out!I think I need to sort out how I feel about this game with a therapist.."
,Recommended,251290,35220880,Posted: 26 September,all,d34thbringerl,Masterpiece!
