user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198050051606,Recommended,251570,32260353,Posted: 7 June,all,OlanDawes,"One of my favorite games that I have played in the past five years has got to be 7 Days to Die, hands down, maybe even my absolute favorite.Whenever I try out a game, I dont play it for three or four hours before rating it, you're barely into a game to even rate it, in my opinion. At this moment, I'm 529 hours in, so I felt the time to review it was approaching fast, so here I am.Where do I begin? Well, I had been scrolling around on YouTube, looking for games to watch people play, when I accidentaly stubled upon this gem. I only saw Alpha 1 gameplay at the time, which barely resembles what this game is now. Despite how it looked, I had been looking for a survival base building game for a long time, so I bought it one weekend, and it absorbed my soul and then some.Whenever you first start, you have little to nothing on you. You have a bottle of water, a bandage, and some food to start with. You can loot your surroundings to get some basic materials to start making a stone axe to start getting wood to make a simple shack. If you don't want to build a base in the beginning, you can claim one of the many buildings and fortify it so it works as a home until you decide what you want.This task won't be easy, with zombies added into the mix. Depending on your difficulty, the zombies might be a niusance or an absolute nightmare to deal with. Every 7 days, a Zombie horde will come to attack you and destroy the precious progress you've made on your base, hence the name 7 Days to Die. In those 7 days, you will build your base, and get traps and weapons ready to survive the night and emerge victorious from your base when the morning comes.As the game goes on, it senses how well you're doing. If you're sweeping through the zombie hordes and haven't died in a while, It will send stronger zombies in more numbers to try to give the hardcorre people a challenge.There is a whole lot I could add into here, but for the sake of people who get bored of reading reviews all day, let me get to my pros and cons.Pros:-Lots of replayability. You can play a whole lot of this game and get the best stuff, and start all over again on another world with different settings to give your veteran self a bigger challenge, to keep the game fresh. EDIT: Even though the updates come rarely, there is SO MUCH added each update it's sometimes like you're playing an entirely different game.-Smart building. You can't just build a castle in the sky here! There is structual intergity in this game, so if you build a structure incorrectly or a zombie takes out an important support beam, the building could fall apart around you, along with your supplies being cast into the void.-Friendly Community. This community isn't like DayZ or some of the other communities that have murderous players lurking everywhere, there is a huge variety of servers, some being PvE(Player verses Enemy), others being PvP(Player verses Player), other servers being modded to give the game even more life.Cons:-Updates. The game does have updates, but they happen at least 3 or 4 times a year, so you will be playing the same thing for at least a couple of months before anything new is added, which is annoying at times.-Learning Curve. There are games like Space Engineer that have a very steep learning curve that makes casual players not want to pick these games up. 7 Days to Die can have this problem with new players at first, with so much to do and a horde on Day 7 being a problem that might overwhelm some players. I would reccomend watching some people play this first before jumping in, mainly so you have a vague idea on what you are doing. After that initial curve, the game definitely gets easier.-Graphics. If you are a big graphics gamer, then this game might be a bit dissapointing for you. The models, especially for the players, aren't too pretty to look at. The zombies are a bit better, but like I said, the graphics are a bit dissapointing to look at. The landscape is kind of blocky, but It is a minecraft-like game, so it is to be expected.Overall, this is one of my favorite games of all time. It does have it's flaws, like not super good graphics, a bit of a learning curve, few updates, and the occasional bug, but what it has far outclasses its cons, like solid gameplay, lots of repalyability, and having building physics that make you build smart and realistic. I would reccomend at least trying this game out, I think that you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,251570,15042376,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,The Shayreq Demon,"Three friends and I spawn in the wasteland biome.Thought we could make a shelter out of this apartment complex.Was going well at first.Gathered many supplies.Fortified the door.Was supposed to be temporary, started turning into something permanent.Everything was going well.they broke down the door...Everything went to hell.They started pouring through the stairwell.Dogs everywhere.The only way out was down.Started running down and dodging walkers.We got separated in half.Two of my friends made it out.My other friend and I were still stuck inside.Figured we'd spend the last night, hiding.The moaning of walkers never stopped.Morning came..It was time.We had to go.My friend and I continued to drill down passed the horde.Got desperate.I jumped out the second floor.Broke my legs.They were everywhere.Managed to limp through the horde.Met up with my other three friendsDon't look back..We crossed the river into a forest.Started off with a small shack.Turned it into a four house village.We had a wall, a trench around it.We had something.We never did forget about what happened that day in the wasteland.That right there, is just a small story (that wasn't even in full detail) of what 7 Days to Die is like. Very few may say that ""Oh, it's just another zombie survival game"" or ""Oh, it's just a DayZ knockoff"". Well, I'm here to tell you that this is not the case at all. I own H1Z1, DayZ, and 7dtd. I have to say that this is the best one. Why?1. The developers are actually going in the right path.2. Loot system is pretty awesome.3. Crafting system is also pretty awesome, may take a bit to get used to. But, still awesome.4. Instead of just piling blocks and making a box-house, there are actually physics to the building system. Like, in some cases, you actually have to put support. Otherwise that sniper tower or that neat house will collapse on you. Which has happened to my friends. It's kind of satisfying to watch, but damn you're mad if it's your structure.5. The different variety in enemies is cool! Right now, you have: bees, dogs, and zombies; and other different kind of zombies to add to that.6. Speaking of zombies. This game's zombies have something that DayZ doesn't have. You know... They actually pose a threat and can move in numbers. There are moments when you see that police station surrounded by a horde of zombies and you think to yourself ""No, I'm good"", because they actually threaten you. The fact that they sprint at night by default (settings can be changed) also adds a thrill to the game. To a point in which you don't even want to leave your shelter at night because you can hear a spider zombie calling a nearby horde. Hordes also happen randomly at anytime and anywhere. This is also unheard of in DayZ. You never see a horde in that game. Also, as the days go on, the zombies start to get a little tougher. You start to feel that the apocalypse is worsening. Zombies are also smart.7. There's nothing more satisfying than fortifying your base to prepare for the undead. This game does a very good job at that. You can do almost whatever your mind imagines.. Wanna put a trench that surrounds your base and put spikes at the bottom of it? Do it. Want to salvage land mines from an overrun military base and use them as your own? Do it. Want to build a huge wall around your base? Do it. However, don't think that just putting a wall around your base will help. Zombies will rip through it and actually dig under the wall. We've seen this done in our server before, and it's frustrating, but it's so awesome having to constantly keep maintanence on your base and look for new ways to prevent them and to see your weak spots.These are just some of my points, and you wanna know the awesome thing? This right here, is just an alpha.. A ♥♥♥♥ing.. Alpha, and the developers have already come this far. As I type this, the alpha11 update is imminent and should be released any day now. This is said to be the biggest update this game has seen. This game is going nowhere but up.Unfortunately, I can't tell you about the PvP, because my friends and I just normally play on a private PvE server and survive together. I have no idea how well PvP works. If I ever play PvP, I'll tell you how it goes.Get. This. Game..It's a solid 15/10."
,Recommended,251570,9773137,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Lord Zoltan,"I have been playing this game since Alpha2, it is my and my son's favorite game to play together (he's 14). We have written a few suggestions that would increase longevity of gameplay, efficiency and fun.1. Decrease the stupid wasp noise, way too loud and obnoxious2. Incorporate rope, and simple machines including but not limited: pulleys for drawbridge function, trip wire, netting, and levers.3. Equipable ruck sack for additional storage, but decreased speed.4. Weather? rain would dampen smell and sound sensed by zombies, slow player... etcetera.5. A zoomable minimap6. Ladder lock, jump to eject, I have died way too many times falling off of a ladder.7. Easier book reading for recipes.8. Laser sight, red dot sight, and mechanical sight. Add a sword and a spear.9. Alliances, groups, clans?10. Big military base instead of those small camps. a lot of loot a lot of risk.11. First aid kit to restore either half or full health.12. Restaurant food prep/ovens and MREs13. Fall breaking: IE pressing space bar breaks fall.14. Silencers for the weapons15. ammo in inventory carries to belt with a reloading speed penalty instead of having to manually transfer16. Stamina regens faster when undected, slower when detected or hunted."
,Recommended,251570,28885377,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cougardc,"Minecraft was too boring for me (I'm not a creator for creations sake).Terraria was fun, I enjoyed the additional combat focus.DayZ didn't have 'it' for me, I didn't like the lack of building (at least when I played it)Ark was fun (dinos!), but it got stale as there was no forced conflict. No reason to explore, no reason to keep building. So it fell into the minecraft trap.7 Days to Die allows me to be creative, but gives me a good solid foundation of conflict and purpose to my building. Not only that, but it creatively forces/encourages me to get out of my safe keep and risk exploring which causes me to engage with the game content in a very enjoyable fashion.This was a recommendation from a friend based on the steam sale, and I've dedicated 90% of my gaming hours to this since I bought it over the holiday break. Strongly recommend."
,Recommended,251570,26594183,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ElaBella,"Considering the amount of hours I've poured into this game, I believe a proper review is far overdue. To give a bit of background, I first discovered this game back when alpha 9 was the current build. My adventure began when I logged into a singleplayer game in Navezgane with all the settings on easy. This was the first game of its kind that I had ever played, and I had no idea what to expect or how to play. This was evident, as I spent my first day sprinting through the Wasteland in which I had spawned, completely panicked because I had no idea what the game controls were and I had no idea how to get the endless trail of zombies off my back. I never did, either; I ended up dying multiple times and that was where my solo beginning of 7 Days to Die ended.Then, a few months later when alpha 9 got updated to alpha 10, I convinced my friend to buy the game when it was on sale so that he could help me learn how to play it and actually enjoy it. He caved, and so our adventure began in Navezgane once more. Of course, we spawned in the wasteland again, and it was like the horror of my solo journey all over again as we desperately tried to escape the zombies while scavenging for what little supplies we could manage to stop and gather without getting bitten by a dog or smacked by a cheerleader. By the time the 7th day had rolled around, we had finally gotten a grasp on how to play the game... or at least we thought we did at the time. I say this lightly, as we also considered killing ourselves a better alternative than the progressive zombie infection, broken legs, and the endless dysentery that we always seemed to have - probably because food was so hard to come by that we were filling ourselves with old sham sandwiches, rotten flesh, and raw eggs. We hadn't the slightest clue that we were completely destroying our chances of survival as our wellness plummeted down from 100 to 60. Then, our blissful ignorance turned to incredible terror as nighttime rolled around, and the hordes came for us. We had shacked up in the desert by the river and made twin towers out of the incredibly ineffective log cabin wood, which the sprinting, bloodthirsty masses of zombies tore through in a matter of minutes. We had little choice but to hide ourselves on our top floors, watching and waiting in horror as the dead simply demolished everything we had spent the last 7 days working for. But then, in a final moment of hope and desperation, we whipped out the chainsaws we had found and quite literally blasted our way through the masses, only to escape in the night and return in the morning to pick up the pieces and kill off the stragglers. We considered calling it quits and starting over, but ultimately decided against it and decided to dig ourselves a series of bunkers connected by tunnels across the desert. As time passed, we became wiser, and we grew stronger. It was day 35 that we had finally built ourselves and our base up enough to fight off the hordes of the 7th night. We were victorious.From that game on, we've stayed ever-faithful to this game. With every new alpha that's been released, we've been waiting on baited breath to launch a new game, each time slowly but surely helping us progress from the dark, early days of alpha 10 to the hardened, survivalist veterans that we are now in alpha 15. With countless play-throughs on both Navezgane and Random Gen, on servers belonging to friends, random people, and eventually even ourselves, we have learned the game, though we are far from masters. Each new alpha released is like an entirely new game, and we revel in the chance to start anew and work at the chance to better ourselves and our tactics even more.So, do I recommend this game? Well, that would depend on what you're looking for, and what you're expecting to take from the game. You will pour an endless amount hours into this game, you will sometimes regret it, but most of the time you won't. You will be frustrated, you will be terrified, you will be inspired, you will be determined, you will be devastated, you will be excited. The accomplishment you will feel is immense, and it will keep bringing you back to this game even when you think it won't. So, yes, I do recommend this game, because this game is golden, and it just keeps getting better and better.10/10 will continue to be terrified by dogs but explore the wastelands and cities unarmed anyway."
,Recommended,251570,14720517,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DarkEternal,"Day 1 - Got attacked and almost killed on my first night. Then I went Rambo. Fought my way out and ran to a house. Hid in the attic until the sun came up.Day 2 - Found a few weapons and some rudimentary armor in the house next door. And the upper half of the owner. Gotta stay mobile until I find a place to settle in and make it defensible.Day 5 - Snuck around and scavenged houses for food and potable water. No sign of...people. Am I the last one alive?Day 10 - Found an abandoned military outpost. Made a door and barricaded myself inside of the largest tent for now. Will scavenge the surrounding area during daylight only.Night of the 10th day - They're everywhere. Oh God. They walk right by my tent. I'm cowering in a corner behind a desk with a pistol and a wooden club that I wrapped in some scrap iron. Only 15 rounds of 9mm for the pistol. I hope that they don't decide to tear the tent down around me.Day 11 - Began collecting resources. I think that I'll try sleeping tonight.Day 12 - They woke me up 2 times, but never took notice of me. I'm glad that I don't snore.Day 25 - Have been fortifying my position, dug a trench to trap the undead. Only the ""Spider Zombies"" can get out. I need to contain them somehow.Day 50 - Currently I have a fortress surrounded by metal tipped log spike traps 3 deep so they can't escape. Then I just stand on my roof and snipe the spider zombies. Collect loot and smile. I think that I'll be ok.Day 79 - Been farming. Food is plentiful now. Weapons and ammo are easy to make. I built my fortress on top of a deposit of iron, lead and potassium nitrate, with coal deposits poking out of the ground all around me! What luck!Day 1?? - There's no end to them. I heard a scream the other night. Not one of them. It sounded...human. Female. Close. By the time I made it outside at first light, all I found was a pool of blood and entrails a half mile from my fortress. Next to the carnage I found a purse with some pictures of a pretty young blonde lady with a cheerleading outfit on in one picture, in another she was in an expensive looking dress cuddled up to who was probably the star quarterback at her high school. The last picture was her with what must have been her family on vacation at an expensive looking beach house. They looked so happy. Her driver's license said that her name was Cindy Batross and she was 17 years old. There was a notepad with illegible scribbles and crude drawings of people eating each other. I cried as I realized that she saw my lights and was desperately trying to make it to the safety of my home. What may have been my only hope for companionship was now in the rotting stomach of the undead.Stardate 4/20 Delta V - Venison stew is good. It's lonely here. I found pictures in houses and I talk to the nice people in them. You want to be my friend, Jimmy? Ok. I promise that I won't chew on your bones.Day whatever - What was that noise? They scratch inside my skull sometimes. I saw the cheerleader. She doesn't have a stomach anymore, but she walks around with a little smile on her face and coos sometimes. Then she screams when I try to talk to her from my roof. Maybe I should let her in. Maybe she just wants to be friends.Night time now. She didn't want to be friends. Only my iron helmet kept her from chewing my face off. I cut her head off with my hunting knife. She didn't have any manners at all.Hump Day - I sewed her head back on and sat her in a chair. We talked for hours while I cooked some vension stew for us. She's nice, but a little cold. I hope that she's on the pill.Year of the Rat - I caught that ♥♥♥♥♥ Cindy looking at one of the other guys in the photos today. She denied it, but I know there's something going on while I'm out risking my life for us. Ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥.Judgement Day - Cindy had to go. I had no choice. I had told her too much about Mrs. Doubtfire and she was plotting a coup to reap the benefits of our trade agreement with the rabbits. I loved her, but now her bones are scattered in the ashes.The Day I Die - Spent the last 30 winters here. I lost my mind a long time ago, though I regained some of my faculties after much reflection. I can no longer keep up with my home. It's only a matter of time before they break through. I never did find anyone else. No one came. The supply drops stopped long ago. I can only assume that the rest of the world succumbed to this hellish plague. The undead continue to march in all directions.I have stockpiled a large amount of explosive devices, guns and ammo. Tonight I will open the bridge to my door for them and when they are clamoring to peel my flesh from my bones, I'll let them in.The world will see the last survivor, not dying peacefully in my sleep, but raging against the darkness in one last epic battle. But I won't let them kill me. When it's finally hopeless, I'm going out on my own terms. Let them eat what is left of this shell after my spirit departs. Those damned fools won't make me one of them. My life is over.I can hear them now. There must be close to a hundred. It's time to face my fate.Here I come, Cindy. I'm sorry for everything.NOTE: This is a dramatization of in game events and doesn't represent actual game play. Don't get me wrong, the game is amazing and I can't wait to see where they take it for the end game. BUT, this little story was entirely made up in my head based on my experiences in the game and a fateful first encounter with a cheerleader zombie that seriously freaked me out. And based on the positive comments so far, I may turn this into a short story.Update 7/21/15: I've managed a plot that I can mold as more content is released and have been working on a solid beginning to explain just ""appearing"" as if from nowhere in Navezgane amidst the carnage. It should please quite a few fans of the survival horror genre. I'm not looking to invest a lot of time into a project that won't yield any revenue, so a very short story will set the bar and sway my decision to pursue a published work (with TFP's blessing, of course) in the future. I'll see how well it is received here and on some FanFic sites first. But rest assured, it's in the works as you read this text.Stay safe, survivors. And happy hunting!"
,Recommended,251570,29682431,Posted: 3 February,all,The Stranger,"I am speechless.I bought this game together with two friends after we ran out of Coop-Games to play.And since this game has been on my wishlist forever, I decided to go with it. It was on sale, after all.After a 5.5h session on the first sitting, we became addicted.And I mean, really addicted. Couldn't wait to come home from work and continue.To prepare.To survive.This game is basically a survival-bulding game. DayZ+Minecraft, to be  really general.You can build and destroy blocks, create furniture, traps, weapons, houses, etc.You can find blueprints and craft even more things!There is also a skillsystem in place where you can teach yourself recepies and f.ex. craft ammunition.But most of the time you're just gathering resources to set up a base and not die.And of course you alos have to eat, drink, stay warm and dry and not get sick.There are multiple ways to do so and the more you play, the more you'll learn.Pros:- Big world for you to explore (Either a map or randomly generated)- Lots of stuff to craft and build- New enemies with 7 days- Upgrade your weapon parts and build weapons from scratch- Change the world the way you want to! Dig caves, live in trees, etc.- Play with friends together / against / or alone- A lot of places to discover, change, upgrade and live in.Cons:- It lags when zombies spawn (Down to 20-30fps)- You can get stuck underneath the ground when you join a server- A few minor glitches- Not easy to get started; you need to read most stuff on the wikiOver all, I dorecommendthis game.In 3 days I logged 23hours of game time and I do not regret it.There's a lot to do, a lot to plan and a lot of fun involved. You get better, quicker and smarter with each day & move.If you love a scare, some pressure, crafting, harvesting, looting, creating, building and shooting, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,251570,12627805,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Danzel,"UPDATE:While I haven't played the game at all recently, I felt as though I needed to update this review to reflect on some of my experiences over the past couple of years. I have picked the game up again on occasion, but didn't find myself as content to continue playing as I used to be. There have been many changes over the past couple of years; mostly in terms of your character having a skill and perk system, which is a nice addition and adds a lot of RPG-feel elements. However, the game suffers from something I feel a lot of survival games lack; 'end game' replayability.Being a new player in this game is fantastic, as written in my original review below (long before I had so many hours played), but the fundamental problem is that once you are established, once you have access to creating your own munitions and have the hardware to farm resources effortlessly, the game becomes quite stale. I'm sure the addition of more NPC's etc. in the future will amend this, having a reason to leave your stronghold and go out into the world, but I feel as though the developers are perhaps setting their sights a littletoohigh.A recent cross-platform release (consoles, *sigh*) was met with a huge backlash of negativity, mostly because the game needs so much work - not in terms of content, the game has an endless amount of items and block types and there is still the potential for a massively popular RPG/Survival experience in this game. The problem is that some of the core engine mechanics really, really need work. Movement feels sketchy, aiming weapons and firing them feels far from smooth and the game doesn't exactly run smoothly at high settings even with beefy hardware. This was forgivable 2 years ago, but for it to still be playing this way is dissapointing.I still hold out hope for this game, and I'm sure I will return to it, but I would love to see the developers iron out the creases in the core game mechanics instead of having such an enormous amount of focus on adding new things. Finding poop in toilets and having the ability to throw that poop is hilarious, turning that poop into compost to grow crops more efficiently shows great ingenuity, but I only wish they would iron out the creases before adding to the already vast amount of items/blocks/locations etc.I have no doubts about keeping my review positive - this is a fantastic game. I would still recommend this game to new players without hesitation, it is a great experience, especially with friends, but for it to become a true blockbuster, I feel the developers need to take a step back and improve on what isalready there.Original Review From October 2014My first time playing this game was one of the most enjoyable noobie experiences I've ever had, digging a hole in the side of a hill before nightfall and hiding inside, starving and hoping nothing would find me, seeing sunrise has never been such a relief. After some exploration and scavenging for food and water, I found a town, thinking this would be a good place to lay my bed and fortify a building to try and hold off anything that came for me at night.What a mistake that was, a horde came for me and trashed my defenses, the few crossbow bolts I had managed to craft were consumed in no time, and I found myself in a backroom hacking through the roof trying to find an escape route, my friend below me yelling at me to hurry up as he desperately tried to repair the door that was being pounded on by zombies. ""I see daylight, I've found a way out!"" Our glimmer of hope ruined when I looked down to see my friend, looking up at me, with the floor beneath him almost completely destroyed and a horde of zombies under him, barely a block left to stand on. I told him not to look down, but naturally he did, what ensued was a genuinely fearful collaboration of curse words, desperation wouldn't be a fitting enough word to describe it.Genuine adrenaline rushes and forever fearing for your life, this game has brung about a whole new meaning to the survival genre, being in a fortified position and crafting yourself a lot of ammunition simply won't cut it, you can play rambo for a short time but your resources will eventually diminish if you use them too recklessly and you will find yourself back to being starving and hiding away once again, you really need to think about how and when you're going to engage the zombies by choice, because when a feral horde comes for you, you won't have a choice, and you better be ready for when that happens.Not only is this game a great thrill-ride and at times a genuine tester for your grey-matter, it is also a brilliant game to play with your friends and rewards co-operative gameplay. Sustaining yourself, by yourself, is indeed possible, but with friends you can assign eachother certain tasks, for example me and a buddy built a fortified bunker with a deep mineshaft underneath, he spent most of his days underground mining, creating ammunition and such, providing me with raw materials, while I worked on our surface defences and food supplies. Do-able alone but so much more efficient if planned with a friend, or a few friends is even better, unless you are the hardcore lone-wolf type.I have yet to play on a ""no rules/ PVP"" server, I can imagine that adds whole new elements of fear-factor into the game, knowing that other survivors may just snipe you from a distance and steal your stuff, at their own discretion, or maybe they will help you, it's up to them, I may build the courage to try this someday, at the moment I'm happy enough just trying to survive waves of zombie hordes on a PVE server.Overall this game is already almost a finished product in terms of crafting and survival aspects, there is the occasional annoying glitch/bug here and there as to be expected in a game at Alpha stage but I have found nothing game-breaking as of yet. To think that there is so much more to be added in terms of character customisation, experience points, more weaponry etc. is a very exciting thought indeed. I can see this game making a huge impact on release, it is genuinely brilliant fun.Highly recommended, especially playing with friends!"
,Recommended,251570,25978238,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GDUKOfficial [Pte - 16aa],"I originally played 7DtD for barely 3 hours when I first purchased this game because I didn't see the hype and that was a HUGE mistake seeing as I only made it to Day 2 (I'll give details on that in a bit) and in that time I died twice (I collapsed my base and then did the same with my mining tunnels) I got annoyed as I thought the game was broken and buggy, I then looked at the design, the fact that gravity affects structures, the fact that you can get cold, or overheat if you work for too long, the fact that if you get an illness and don't treat it you'll lose wellness, it's got a sense of realism that I've only honestly ever seen this game provide.The main aim of the game is to survive, you begin by building a base, getting some farms going for food, finding lakes for water, you go and raid some towns that you found whilst exploring to find the perfect spot for your base, and start making better tools, this is the first part where you need to be careful: There's a heatmap, if you make a forge or a mixer to get your base stronger you'll start to generate heat based on usage and that... Can draw zombies, you need to work out if you REALLY need the forge running 24/7, or your Campfire running to cook those extra eggs. Then you look to the top of your screen and realize... It's day 6... 23:48, panic sets in, you know that in less than 18 hours you're going to have some unwanted friends because: Each day you hit that's a multiple of 7 (7/14/21/28/35/So-on) the horde attacks, you can't just hide in your base and crouch whilst praying they cant see you, you're hunted constantly, you need to plan ahead and build a bunker, or get ammo together to defend yourself actively, your base defenses hold them off for a time but they begin to shatter, the spikes you laid down begin to collapse under the sheer weight of the rotten, malodorous corpses baring down on them, your walls begin to crack as they're relentlessly pounded on by the undead hordes that seek to make you their next meal, then... a friendly jingle plays, it's 6AM on Day 8, a smile crosses your face as you realize you survived, you realize that once you've slaughtered this wave of undead fiends you're mostly safe for another week, your bow thunks a final arrow into the Burned Survivor and he drops to the ground. Relief washes over you as you set to work repairing and strengthening your base.Exhilaration,Panic.Joy.Despair.Hatred.Nervousness.Anxiety.Pure unadulterated pleasure as you let loose a crossbow bolt into the zombies that berate you for breathing.This game will make you feel things you've never experienced before, my review barely scratches the surface, PLEASE, genuinely give this game a go, I promise you'll never regret it."
76561198058423176,Recommended,251570,12951771,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Chemicalbacon,"Firstly I want to say I’m really enjoying this gameSecondly I WOULD tell what is good about it. But I rather tell you a story.Once upon a time, in a hell hole, far, far away there was a nameless man who could punch insanely quickly and break bushes with his fists.He plopped into existence on a remote server. With nothing more than his starting items and a zombie mauling his face due to server latency.His journey started light heartedly. He came across a body of a dismembered fellow citizen, he politely inquired if the citizen would be requiring that wrench on his persons any longer. The man took the gentleman’s silence as a “yes, please good sir! I cannot bear to have it in my locale any longer!”The man then starting using the head of the wrench to mate with the faces of walking dead - It was the start of a beautiful relationship and symbiosis between two sentient objects. Man and wrench.After some through mating with skulls; the wrench began to tire, the man acknowledged his silent partner’s weary state and left her (My lawyers say the wrench must be a she due to gender neutrality) in his inventory to rest.The man travelled onwards, admiring the fly tippers that had plagued the lander with their rubbish tipping on public highways. “Are there no gentlemen left anymore?” the man asked himself. His companion would retort, is she were not so tired.The man after many minutes of walking the man was ambushed by 4 gentlemen, all armed with firearms pointed at him.The gentlemen asked in the most gentlemanly fashion:-“Want 2 help us come build a town :D ?”That man pondered for a while, this could be a trap. What he was more worried about is that following 4 burley white men into the bushes late at night could ruin his reputation as a stand up and decent gentlemen.Weighing the risks he agreed politely.The 5 gentlemen travelled down the road, for what seemed like many hours (20 minutes) until they came across a small town, partially build in the middle of a plains area.For the next few days the man and his fellow gentlemen laughed, sang, and drank the polluted water from the river merrily. And as a result were plagued by the ungentlemanly affliction of diarrhoea.Many days passed of incontinence and building.Then, a large pack of ruffians assaulted the town’s walls.The more nimble ruffians simply vaulted over the wallsIN A MOST UNGENTLEMANLY FASHIONwhile the slower Ruffians pounded on the walls and demanded an audience with us.I stood upon our half built watch tower. Gazing at the ruffians…The ungentlemanly behaviour…The pounding on the walls…The way they attacked us like feral beasts…The way they were dressed and many of them unclothed…Being a gentleman I knew this could only mean one thing.The French had found us.The walls fell, many died from being driven indoors and (presumably) forced to sample their heathen food.I did what I could, but there were too many Frenchmen to repel. I came down from my tower, firing my rifle as fast as I could at the hordes of unwashed Frenchmen. I could have sworn one was wielding a baguette.I was forced inside, I fired my rifle with the most British and gentlemanly fury I could muster.The Frenchmen piled up by the door. But there was too many.I then barricaded myself inside – buying myself only time.In my last efforts, I took out my tired companion. I bashed and bashed and bashed the wall in front of me, breaking through enough to escape.On the final swing my friend broke into pieces.I heard her speak to me, broken on the floor…“Be free”I ran outside, jumped over the fence and off to freedom.Then I disconnected.===THE SERIOUS REVIEW===In a nutshell 7D2D is what early access games should be. It has a good range of features to keep you entertained while updates come out. The devs were friendly and helped me with a FoV problem I had with the game (I suffer from acute simulation sickness).What put me off is seeing people and curators endorse the game as “like minecraft”Can we please get out of this trench of comparing everything to Minecraft?The genre is Voxel world not “Minecraft”, it’s like calling all FPS games “Like CoD”.There is much I still have to explore and it honestly is one of the best survival games I have ever played. Compared to a game such as DayZ everyone seems rather friendly. Which is much better than other zombie world based games like Dayz (not making many comparisons, for obvious reasons) because not many people seem to shoot me on sight. Which was refreshing.Once you get access to guns everyone loves you (totally unrelated I’m sure).Definitely worth a pickup. I can’t find much wrong with it. The only problems are purely cosmetic and don't break the game. Which is nice because every build seems to be very stable, aside from the few bugs that do get fixed rapidly.The only major complaint I have is that the range of melee weapons and a zombie’s reach feels misleading, if a reticule turned green when in range and red when out of melee range I would be happy with this. But it's hard to judge range and distance, espically when you are like me and you modded the FoV files because you suffer from motion sickness.Aside from that, completely worth the money - nice to see someone finally did the genre justice.The only warning I will give however is that this game is pretty damn taxing, not on your hardware, but on you;-1) The ambiance will quickly start messing with your mind (really good, props to the sound artists) and it's easy to give up because of it being ""too hard""2) Thankfully 7D2D isn't hard just because it has to be or it feels it must be. It's hard because it is. And thats what counts."
76561198117130235,Recommended,251570,28279606,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,II,"I'm very conflicted about 7 days to die.* I love the world; the looting / scavenging / building / survival vs. zombies* I HATE ""horde night"". - every seven days a super horde tries to kill me.- a little planning and work all but removes the threat from ""horde night""- in the end it's just a leash that prevents me from exploring the worldI'm hopping the FunPimps make ""horde night"" optional instead of forced content. I want the option of playing a nomadic survival lifestyle instead of a tower defense game. An option to have horde night happen randomly would be nice too."
,Recommended,251570,15866313,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Reignswolf,"I've played most of the survival games out there, and this has to be by FAR the best one available. The Devs are very active, and are adding things at a very reasonable rate, with consistent patches and updates.This game just has everything you want. Zombies, and tons of them, especially at night when they turn into 28 days later crack zombies.Building, you can build underground, above ground, build castles, huts, shelters, expansions on already existing buildings. The things I've seen in this game amaze me. The creativity of some people is astounding. I've literally seen kilometer long tunnels leading from a base, to a nearby town. I've also seen castles surrounded with spikes, and hidden doors / passages.The looting system is also great. Items generally spawn every 7 in-game days which is a very reasonable amount of time. The randomly generated maps are amazing, and literally endless so you have to potential to find hundreds of towns, etc. So much freedom you can even deconstruct buildings in towns, use dynamite to blow things up, chainsaws, augers.The leveling system is very well done too, and very unique as it hasn't been done in other popular survival games. As you level up, you become more efficient at crafting - being able to create higher tier items. At first, you'll be able to create Faulty items, which are the lowest quality, as you level you'll be able to create from Faulty - Poor - Good - Fine - Great - Flawless. It takes forever to gain a high enough level to make flawless items so you can spend lots of time leveling up which adds highly to the game playability.There's also PVE servers for people who don't want to deal with PVP. Every server I've joined, the admins are great and active. If anything happens, they're generally happy to help regardless of the situation.Highly recommend this game over every other survival game available. Don't read anymore reviews. This game is in Alpha, and is very playable and has lots to offer in content, features, and enjoyment."
76561198064697362,Recommended,251570,32642433,Posted: 22 June,all,Jadudes,"Don't listen to any stupid critisim people give this game for relatively minor flaws whilst also boasting 500+ hours. If any game can give you 500+ hours while also retaining a $25 price, while also consistently going on sale for much cheaper, you've got a hell of a deal. At full price you're essentially paying $1 for 20 hours of entertainment. It absolutely boggles my mind that people can still send in a negative review. I've played triple A games that  have failed to keep my attention for more than thirty. Most of the negative reviews are also incredibly dumb, complaining that you can cheese the AI. Well, if you hate cheesing the AI then don't cheese the god damn AI."
,Recommended,251570,24432231,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,hawkinsm,"700+ hrs played when writing this review.  In a nutshell, Minecraft for adults.  However, unlike the Minecraft --- these Zombies are not a joke.   In fact, early on the game your best bet is just run.   Zombies are just mean --- and it is fantastic.   Raiding old building, building your own guns, riding mini / motor bikes --- it is a very rich world.    The multiplayer is fantastic as well.    My kids year love this game --- and my 65 year old retired Dad loves this game.   That REALLY says a lot to me.   My wife, kids, friends, and Dad all play together on a private server.  Rockets, exploding crossbow bolts, flaming arrows ---- you just have so much to pick from.And on top of all of that -- the building engine is one of the best I've seen.   Blocks have and strength --- you can't just build whatever you want (like Minecraft) --- you have to plan support beams, or your building will fall down around you.    Think can just ignore the Zombies while you hide on the roof?    Good luck with that --- I've had them beat the walls down --- and then the ceiling will fall in (you scream while it happens, then you run away and scream --- then you laugh).In single player mode, it is a slow creepy game (you are playing an episode of The Walking Dead).   In co-op mode you are basically a gang of zombie killing mad men.    It is my favorite game on Steam.    By far, head and shoulders one of the best co-op (play together) games I've ever played.   It is WELL worth the money.  I well like I owe the developers a personal 'thank you' card.   They really have something great here.  PS --- Madmole --- where the hell is my helicopter?"
76561198122470965,Recommended,251570,9817373,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Das Mexikaner,"This is the only voxel game that I like outside of Minecraft, and I like this more than Dead Island and State of Decay, and those are the only ""pure"" zombie games I really enjoyed. I missed the Kickstarter, and have only started playing with the 7.9 Alpha patch. I have been watching the game on Steam since it made Early Access in December. I bought it when I caught it on sale for $20.First let me say what it is that I do NOT like about the game, so that any notion of fanboy-ism can be dismissed:1) Getting others into you game can be tricky. Hosting a game isn't an issue, rather, the problems arise when friends try to even FIND my game on the server. Regardless of physical distance or ping, even friends that have my game favorited cannot always find my game and connect. While in game, some friends do not receive invites to Steam Chat, but can when they exit. I don't know if the issues are related, but they happen at the same time.2) Sometimes, when the server load is high (and at random), my computer will freeze while hosting, usually just after friends join. I have to do a hard reboot, and when I load my game, any alterations to the environment and containers are saved, but my inventory is reverted to the state it was in at the end of my previous session. Moving precious tungsten from chest to my inventory and having it lost to a freeze is very annoying.3) Zombies are a little too aware at times. If I can't see what is atop my tower, how can they? As for being sensed, I don't carry food with a smell radius, and the sound radius created by various actions isn't large enough to carry through my walls AND over the trench, but zombies hear/smell me. AI pathing needs work. Nightly hordes will run through my base and stand on the corner of my wall and do nothing. A freshly spawned zombie can sense me, causing it to arbitrarily attack the hardest section (and most costly to replace), instead of running into the opening a few blocks away and into my sledgehammer.  Spawning is poor. When just loading into the game, zombies tend to spawn way too close, which means they are in my base. This isn't an issue when first starting the game (as you are in the open, unprotected), but hunting the crawler zombie that keeps clipping into my walls for the first 15 minutes of a session gets old. Zombies sometimes spawn stuck in blocks. I then have to dig them out to kill them so that they don't alert and attract other zombies.4) Lighting doesn't always have the intended effect. I can see better when I am near, but torches do not always stay lit when far from players. I can still see them, as they are rendered (my base isn't THAT large), but without the light being ""on"", zombies have no problems spawning at night right in my base. I have had issues where zombies IN the light when it IS on will still behave like they are in the dark. This means that the one or two zombies that managed to get in my base (or more likely spawned there) will still be a large threat inside, even when the sun has come up.5) Gathering materials can be a pain. Killing zombies and having them fall into grass often means you have to destroy the grass, or walk around it, to loot the zombie - same goes for picking up items near grass. Corpses de-spawn too quick. I appreciate the game cleaning itself up, but I don't like missing the opportunity to loot every corpse (part of the game IS scavenging). A horde of ten zombies often results in half the bodies de-spawning before I can kill them all. Sometimes, the body will even disappear while I have the loot screen up. When mining or digging, if you are not quick to grab all the voxels, they can be gone before you realize it. To add to that frustration, anything on the ground (not placed) have collision. This means that when you hold the key to pick up all the dirt or wood you just worked for, it has to travel to the player with each unit bumping into itself and the environment. When breaking down anything, you have to work from the top down, or risk everything crumbling under gravity from removing the support (think sand in Minecraft). Though this may mean getting materials quicker (chopping a tree down at the base), the falling blocks can destroy themselves and de-spawn, often hurting the player in the process. I don't mind getting hurt, but I shouldn't lose all my materials because of one misstep. Some blocks, crafted or found, drop nothing upon being broken. This is really frustrating for items made out of metal. A tungsten door or iron bars broken by zombies (or needing to be moved by a player) will leave not even a piece of scrap, much less the some of its whole. It is too easy to accidentally throw something out of the inventory. Placing something on the grid instead of in a slot means the item is now on the ground, and might de-spawn before you realize it.6) Crafting can be ambiguous and cause a lot of wasted effort. Example, a crossbow: you need sticks and plant fiber. With these materials in the required amount, the recipe shows up in the list in white. When clicked, the 5x5 grid will highlight the squares that you are supposed to place these materials in. But the game does not say how MANY of each item is needed, nor WHERE they go in the grid. Once you make the crossbow, the recipe then turns green in the list, and when you click on it, it automatically places the items in the grid. You can even queue up multiple to made (you don't have to leave the crafting menu open for it to finish). This does make it easier than the initial attempt, but what if you completely forget what a crossbow is made of, or are one stick short? Then the recipe will not be in the list at all. You cannot preview item stats before creation: how am I supposed to know that a rusty iron door is better than a scrap metal door?Now, let me say what it is that I LIKE so much about this game that I have convinced several friends to buy it:1) The construction is amazing. There are several materials, each with varying degrees of durability, structural integrity, and acquisition difficulty. Anything that can be placed can be rotated. Turn a ramp piece upside down for the lip of a wall (to stop those pesky spider zombies). Turn wooden planks vertical into a fence. Lay a ladder horizontally to make a walkway. The construction lends to creativity. How a block looks and where it will line up can be seen in a transparent overlay before you place it.2) The game looks good for its current development. I don't need 4K textures, but for a voxel game in Alpha, I am impressed. Some textures repeat more than others, but in most cases you would have to make a 2x2 section of blocks before the texture completely repeats.3) Zombies are a THREAT. Even in the day when they are slow, letting one get close can result in not only health loss, but infection and bleed-out. At night they have increased spawns, run, and do more damage. Zombies vary visually and have different behaviors, loot, stats, and sounds.4) There are a LOT of settings to choose from each time a game is created or continued. There is a cheat option for the lazy or new player, but it can be used to test weapons and materials, or to gain back anything lost in error or glitch. Multiplayer supports up to 16 players. The standard game is survival, but players can choose horde or deathmatch for shorter sessions.5) Heatlh, fullness, hydration, and stamina all make sense. Decreased stamina means decreased effectiveness in work and combat. Lower fullness/hydration means less stamina.6) Weapons/tools degrade and do less damage to entities and blocks. They can be repaired, or more can be crafted (ammo too) or found. Blocks can be repaired and reinforced with siding.7) Farming, hunting, and scavenging are all viable, and sustainable, gameplay options. Players can settle or be nomadic.8) The updates are regular.TL;DR This is the zombie game I have always wanted: buy it."
76561198044962977,Recommended,251570,8941119,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,BeastsEclipse,"Although I've seen a fair amount of people downvoting this game, altogether I disagree. Admittedly yes, there are some bugs in this game, but fortunately most people seem to accept that the reason for these is the fact the game is still in Alpha. However most of the complaints on this game I have personally found to be inaccurate, and therefore should not be considered fact by those wishing to purchase the game. The price is a bit steep, but if you enjoy this type of game then I'm sure you will have as much fun as I am.People say coop isn't working and that they're paying close to $60 to play this game with friends, only to be left alone in a server with error mesages. At first I was also unable to play with friends without going to a public server, but a quick 2-minute YouTube video showed me a very simple way to connect.They also say the game is laggy, to the point it's unplayable. To be fair, yes I have experienced lag at times that was frustrating. But 100% of the time? Not even close. I'm playing on what isn't even a gaming laptop that's a few years old, hosting a server, and things are fine.Some say that the gameplay is uneven, which I also believed during my first few playthroughs. But that's because I didn't understand exactly how to play this game, and approached it like other survivals: with the mind frame that I am invincible. That isn't the case at all in this game. You are incredibly vulnerable and will need to put a lot of work into ensuring you can simply survive, let alone more sophistcated things. If you prefer a game where you run around at night killing hundreds of zombies, I don't recommend this game. But if you like knowing that your choices truly have consequences, I completely recommend it. The gameplay isn't uneven at all if you treat the game the way it's meant to be treated (or at least how I believe it should).Overused textures? Perhaps, but they don't bug me. If I'm stranded in the middle of the desert, I want to feel like it, which is something the developers nailed. But I've found other environments such as the forests to be quite interesting. The fact that there is currently one map that is not randomly generated understandably bothers people, so all I can say is the fact that this remains in Alpha needs to be remembered here. Though this review is for the current game it targets those looking to purchase this game, who need to remember that it will be updated to contain more/improved features.Overall, I loved this game, but it does have flaws. Most of the flaws are fixable even on your own to create an intricate and enjoyable experience, but others remain to be fixed by the developers. I eagerly look forward to further updates and content for this game and would recommend it to those with interest and experience in games focussing on survival, not superiority."
,Recommended,251570,22088940,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Gun_Shy,"So I've had 7DtD since they first dropped it for early access. I played it a bunch, even when it was still VERY rough-cut. And rough-cut it was. But I still had plenty of fun with it, and was especially impressed with the building physics and support mechanics that force you to build something structurally sound. The drawback, however, is that it used to be a bit of a grind and the grind overwhelmed me a bit, so I took a very long break from playing (more than a year) to wait for some updates. I just came back last week and was not disappointed.They overhauled the crafting system, added a leveling system complete with tiered perks and skills that train as you use them. Combat is a LOT more fun now that they added a ton of animations to the zombies' movements and attacks. They changed the way materials gather from sources so that the game is MUCH LESS of a grind. Survival, especially in the beginning of the game, is still pretty brutal and unforgiving unless you have good luck. The challenge is definitely still there.If you like zombie survival games, give this one a chance, and ***♥♥♥♥ING BE PATIENT***. It beats the hell out of all the others.I was worried for a while, because updates have been a bit slow to come out, but I'm just glad to see that these guys aren't RUSHING production like so many others. And when they drop an update it's a fatty. I still have hope! This is the best zombie survival game on the market already, ifinitely better than DayZ, infinitely better than H1Z1...and it's only in alpha. Dig it."
,Recommended,251570,33924573,Posted: 31 July,all,Wojtek,I found an ak47 before food. I felt like a child in Congo.
,Recommended,251570,13368556,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Zombers2234,"After having spent over a day total on 7DtD, I must say it is my favorite game as of now. It combines all of the best aspects of The Forest, Minecraft and DayZ with few bugs that are hardly noticable and it lets you take the game into your own hands. Build a massive corn field? Sure. Keep a cage full of living dead? Go for it you sicko! Build a giant statue of Shrek? I have 3 already! You can do what you want and more whenever you'd like, and it doesn't require internet, which is an important aspect for me because I live in a rural community and thats why I never really got into Rust. Overall I say it is completely worth the money10/10 would build shrek again"
,Recommended,251570,32805695,Posted: 26 June,all,Xero ☠ Static ☠ FluX™,"After about 20 hours of play, half alone and half with friends I have enjoyed myself.  At first I was a little annoyed, as descriptions are vague, but once I understood basic things that in hindsight were so simple to do but to a noob unless the game told or showed you, you wouldn't know about.  Thank god for game wiki pages...I got it on sale for about $15. I am easily pleased with it considering I can see it keeping me busy for a good chunk of time. A little grindy gathering resources, but are not all games of this type?Obviously it still needs some work and it could look a little more aesthetically pleasing but nothing horrible compared to some other games.Overall I give it;Combat: 7/10 (Most animations and actions feel as they should, just every so often a hit may not register or feel like it didnt when it actually did)Graphics: 4/10 (Dont expect Fallout 4 or Triple A graphics)Audio: 9/10 (things sound as they should)UI: 7/10 (Could use a little polish, but it works)AI/Zombies: 6/10 (Dumb, but effective)Price/Value: 9/10OVERALL: 7/10"
,Recommended,251570,15478700,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,SherlockHole,"EDITED for A14.7Easily the best zombie survival game on steam, and probably the most promising alpha I've ever seen. I often watch youtube videos before purchasing a game, and this review has been written with past experience of all the games I've mentioned, with DayZ, Rust and H1Z1 being played on friends' accounts. It's a blast with friends, but the main reason I recommend this game is because it has some things which are almost unheard of in the zombie survival genre:1) Zombies. No, not the glitchy, ethereal zombies in DayZ, or the ones they just simply couldn't be bothered with in Rust, because Zombies in 7 days obey the laws of physics, and are everywhere, and the regular hordes (completely unheard of in almost every other survival game), as well as variation in zombies keeps combat fresh. We already have vomiting police officer zombies, ""feral"" boss zombies take horrendous punishment, undead dogs (which are extremely dangerous if not properly handled), bears (and undead versions) and mutant hornets.  The zombies in 7 days are threats, and, for a long while at least, not a manageable one. By default, they run at night, gaining speed and finesse, turning an already- formidable foe into a nightmare. I won't say much more, but it is called ""7 Days to Die"" for a reason...2) It's actually a challenge to survive. This isn't like in H1Z1 where you can live forever off of blueberries until a bear mauls you to death, or in Rust, where starvation feels practically nonexistant. The scavenging itself is rewarding, but food is low in quantity and far- spread. However, once you survive long enough to have a fortress going, you have time and opportuinty to hunt or farm, where the goals in the game radically shift from getting by on cans to actively improving your wellness, which takes me to the next point:3) Unique mechanics- Be it the wellness system (eating good food and staying healthy increases physical fitness), weapon quality, the fact that you can get infected and become desperate for a cure, building a base or even simply that zombies run at night, 7 Days has many things that similar games in the genre have merely scraped the surface of, if they've even bothered at all. It's a true game hidden amongst several cash grabs. Something I will note though- the devs are currently experimenting with temperature based survival and hordes, and both are fairly broken atm. Still, they're making progress, have no intention of giving up and listen to the community. Besides, that's what early access is for, right?4) Singleplayer- This one is probably coming off as a surprise to you right as I read it, but I think it's worth a mention. Singleplayer is a feature that most similar games lack, and that's a really crucial feature for those who want a decent survival game without the constant PvP like in DayZ or H1Z1. It's obviously not initially intended for single player, considering that there's still chat, but it still works, and works wonders.5) Base building- This isn't like in Unturned or H1Z1 where it is seemingly bolted on as an afterthought. Base building in 7 Days is important (not essential- you can still get by by moving from place to place) for survival in the new world. There are many items easily lootable that serve no practical purpose, but are instead simply decorations to further the impression that base building is a core feature of this game.6) The devs and community- The Fun Pimps listen to the community, and the community itself is very helpful and supportive. The (incredibly) steep learning curve is quickly offset by the community, who tirelessly answer all questions the noobs may have. Plus, there are NPC bandits and traders in the works, and that's awesome.7) ANYONE can mod it- The Fun Pimps have deliberately designed the XML files for the game to be easily moddable. I'd check out Valmod once you consider yourself truly hardcore- it makes the game way harder. Alternatively, you could do what I did, and mod more recipes and guns into a private game with friends to get a more walking- dead style vibe. If you get confused, again, the forum section on modding is amazing at helping you with whatever problems you might have.The game itself has regularly been referred to as a mashup of Minecraft and DayZ, but I disagree. From the perspective of a buyer, this may look the case, but it isn't. It's a completely different animal, far greater than the sum of its parts.I will not lie to you, there are more than a few balance issues, bugs galore after every major patch and big patches take a while, but I believe that it's all worth it in the end, because there's no other survival game to my knowledge that doesn't act like that Goat Sim parody DLC, while also having hardworking devs who are willing to put more than ten minutes into the game.If you're still skeptical, get it on sale. I mean it- 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to judge this game properly. There is just so much here that you won't find within two hours.Recommended as a 7.5/10- the learning curve is steep, and there are balance issues- and the devs are hardly experts at meeting their deadlines, but that's what Alpha was meant to be about. If you're the type of gamer who wants survival, building, a true zombies game or an amalgamation of the three, then this is the game for you, and you won't regret buying it.PS: If Dogs end up killing you a lot, ask politely on the forums for help. Us forum folk are tired of seeing ""F***ING NERF THE DOGS OP AS **** YOU GUYS ARE MORONS"" threads when they try to punch them or something else stupid. There are tactics to beat them, and a lot of them. The forum guys who are better at surviving than me could probably point you in the right direction."
,Recommended,251570,14245362,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,💠 Princess,"The games title is misleading, it only took me about 11 minutes to die."
76561198031190408,Recommended,251570,25061042,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Wayward,"I don't think it's fair to compare 7dtd to other survival zombie games. The other ones just lose to it so bad...There are pvp servers but the community, and devs, seem more focused on pve. Yes dealing with other players can be stressful but in 7 days the zombies and environment are the real threat. At night the zombies all do cocain and bathsalts, going from shambling little sneaks to full on oh god why mode. You are not zombie apocalypse rambo. You are a meat sack that got the idea in its head that a little stone on the end of a stick might be effective against something that doesn't feel pain. Situational awareness is key as you will often be snuck up on during the day. Tired from cutting wood? Perfect time for a zombie to silently shamble out of the tall grass behind you and use the loud crash of the tree falling to essentially grapple you and begin mauling your face off.Towns offer their own unique challanges. Tougher and more frequent enemy spawns make looting difficult early on. You will spend hours slinking around trying to make as little noise as possible while going building to building praying for that one thing to make the trip worth it. And then you realize the sun is setting... The house you are in is a one story home in the middle of town... Time for a good ol garage night cry. You sit in the dark, unmoving, hoping the zombie outside will just go away. It's scratching at the walls aimlessly. You hear more footsteps. Stay away from the windows, do not open any noisy containers. That juicy locker in the corner probably has something nice for you but its going to groan and clang when you open and rumage through it. A long moan has your attention on the window again as a shadow moves across the broken frame.And then it happens. You haven't been keeping track of your own needs and hunger pangs cause you to grumble and moan. The god awful scream just outside the garage send you into a panic and them into a frenzy. Your hiding spot is beset by the undead, riping at the siding and pounding down the door. The flimsy walls begin to split, arms flail wildly through the openings grasping at anything in reach. You haven't moved from the corner. It's time to make a judgement call. Do you bolt into the house, knowing that they will see you and begin sprinting around the house trying to find a way in? Staying in there might work. The house could hold up until day when they slow down and you can escape. Making a break for it may work to. Or do you just not move and pray they lose interest before they fully breach the wall?Panic wins and the cold night air kisses your skin as you burst out the front door. They're on you though, but very slowly falling behind. Your stamina only lasts so long... They finally lose interest in chasing you as you dodge and weave through side streets. But you're tired now, and still very hungry. The run wasnt enough to warm you up and snow begins to fall. You finally stagger to a stop, practially stumbling around the corner of a house as the area is slowly blanketed in white. A low dark shape pops against the white before you. It begins to snarl. The zombie dog is faster than you, and you're so very tired...This is the only zombie survival game where the environment and undead, actually surviving, feels fantastic. Early to mid game is stressful and you will be startled from time to time by unexpected events. As you progress into zombie rambo, you still need to worry about basic survival. You may be able to wade through a horde of shamblers with your shotty and heavy armor, but at night you will only ever feel safe behind your fortress walls. And then the red moon rises... Good luck.Fantastic devs. Frequent updates and progress videos.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFrUPm0uNQgiPRos3TYOpEA/videosI have only experienced a few frustraiting bugs. Mini bikes falling out of the map when you dismount,  which is frustraiting after storing loot on them... And the very rare physics bug that has you catapult into the air and break your legs for no reason. Very rare as I have only had it once in 138 hours of play. I have lost 2 or 3 minibikes though.Decent sound, ok graphics, great mechanics. This game was made to be played with friends. Single player is fun to, but in a more stressful way if you like that kind of fun.Remembering that it is still an alpha, though imo a very complete feeling alpha, 8/10The game does get a little boring after so many hours. It's one of those play it for 30 hours then come back in 2 weeks and enjoy some new features for another 30 hours type of games. Starting fresh every time keeps it fun unless you just love building, and the building system is very nice...Although I'm hoping console release doesn't slow down development as it feels like it is starting to... Time will tell."
76561197970553813,Recommended,251570,13514359,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vermithrax,"Last night a friend and I were making our way through a bombed out city. It was getting dark and we came across a building that was mostly intact, All the other buildings were missing large chunks and were falling apart. we decided to enter the building (which appeared to be a large apartment high rise) and seek shelter for the night. We had to break boards off the front door to get in. Did this mean the building was sealed from before the outbreak...and therefore safe?(shrug)We settled in an apartment on a lower floor as it got dark, You don't wanna be outside at night, At night...they can RUN, FAST. A horde is scary enough during the day, 20 zombies or so shambling along...maybe trying to catch up to you. But...at night a horde is terrifying. A screeching, sprinting mob racing through the dark. The dead don't get tired...but you do.Finding lots of supplies in the cupboards and what not. We didn't realize that all the noise we were making...as night fell...was disturbing the tenants of the building. Of course the entire building was inhabited by zombies...all locked in their apts ever since it all started. They must have been dormant until we disturbed them. The screams and bangs and crashes from all around us got louder as the darkness became absolute. You could hear walls, and doors and even the ceiling starting to give way. We had a long wait for dawn. We couldn't stand the pitch darkness anymore, it made the cacophony that much worse. In the server I set up...The darkness of night lasts a full half hour or so and that's how long we sat there in the near pitch blackness listening to the zombies tear the building apart around us. We couldn't make a run for it because all the noise that our neighbors were making was attracting other nearby hordes on the outside of the building.As dawn broke...so was the rear wall of our unit....they were getting in...fun game!(I didn't even mention the zombie dobermans.)"
,Recommended,251570,12677010,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Blood Flowers,"(Updated for A13.6)7 Days To Die (7DTD) is not a truly ""unique"" game, but that is, in fact, one of the greatest things about the game. It blends the best parts of many games (the building from Minecraft, the open-world aspect of Skyrim, the terrifying zombies of... etc) and makes them its own. For instance, while Minecraft building uses grids and is unrealistic, 7 Days To Die takes that, adds gravity and dynamic changes while retaining all the fun.One of the first things you will notice about 7DTD is that the graphics are surprisingly high definition. Granted it takes a pretty intense system to utilize higher graphical settings, for a ~$20 game that often goes on sale, the graphics are superb. Even on the lowest settings the game looks incredibly realistic.Then come the zombies. Depending on your settings, these guys go from terrifying to downright unstoppable. You think you're safe behind your walls? Not when they rapidly bash their way through. You think they won't come for you as long as you stay quiet? Not when the feral horde comes seeking your blood. The zombies are made to punish the unprepared survivor and they do it extremely well. Of course, there is not just a single static zombie type. You have police officer zombies that launch projectile attacks, zombie dogs that will viciously run you down, zombie hornets that are just plain annoying, and zombie bears - yes, you did read that correctly, zombie bears.7DTD is challenging for the new survivor, it is made to punish the player during the early game. You are affected by the temperature (you can actually freeze to death), you require sating of both hunger and thirst, and there are more things that can kill you that you can possibly count (including falling trees). Yet, as you get further into the game and explore further into the world, there is a sense of reward and accomplishment that accompanies the hard earned experience. You begin to harvest raw materials faster, craft stronger tools and weapons, build more fortified bases, etc. Eventually, it is no longer you who needs to run from the zombies, but the zombies who need to run from you.My two favorite aspects of 7DTD blend nicely together: crafting and building. I have not seen a (similar) game that has as extensive a selection of craftable items as this one. There are tons of items to craft and then use to build into castles, homes, crazy-spiky fortresses, or whatever you wish really. In a game where everything is destructible, you are also capable of building anything your heart desires. What you make depends on what strikes your fancy. If you want to create something grand, build an epic castle. If you want to create something that will withstand a sea of zombies, then layer spikes and walls and, of course, ever more spikes.While all of these features are great in singleplayer (honestly, you can play hundreds of hours in singleplayer without getting bored), the ultimate fun in this game comes from playing with others. Get a group of friends and play on insanely hard settings while trying to survive from heat-seeking, running zombies. If you don't have any friends (amumu...), you can still go on multiplayer servers to join up with or against other players!In conclusion, 7DTD is simply a lot of fun. You get out of it whatever you want. You can be a survivor, you can be an architect,and heck - you can even try and be a pacifist (VERY hard). Whether you choose to play alone, play with strangers, or play with friends, you'll find yourself losing countless hours in senseless fun. I highly recommend buying 7 Days To Die - it's worth every cent."
76561197970357229,Recommended,251570,29199666,Posted: 12 January,all,Serrasalmus,"https://youtu.be/pX1zhMBv0HcThe above is my base video (amateur but lots of work !)Well, what Can I say...this game is dominating my life.....When I first began to play, I wasnt sure. I have a monster rig, play in 4k. The graphics are maybe a couple of years behind. I had to turn my mouse down in sensitivty......worrying start.....Crafting, oh dear...is this a game where its impossible to move forward without searching for hours and hours......i get bored....Well, I should not have worried.I have not experienced such a tense and great atmosphere since STALKER.For me, the balance is just right, each 7th night, a bigger and bigger horde come....that wait for the red sky is awesome.You spend a good amount of time making your home (and it does become your home, not just a base !)....and learn how to do things better and better....This is a fantastic game, sense of achievment at getting your first cement mixer, forge, etc. etc....just great.Took me about 14 days to realise I could disasemble things with my wrench....this was a game changer....suddenly I was getting engines from cars and able to get forges from abandonded houses etc.....I didnt realise I could do this !When I am mining, collecting wood etc, you are constantly on edge.....pausing to look around, making sure you are not being stalked. Not all zombies are LOUD, so this game does provide genuine JUMP scares.I play on a ""private"" self made game with my daughter and have had no connection problems (granted its a LAN), but we meet up, work together and fight the horde having a great time.Really dont hesistate to get this game, its superb. If the first Hour of play - you are feeling unsure.....stick it out. You become good...but the game keeps pushing you.The first zombie I encountered was a Frozen Lumberjack and I just felt the zombies were bullet proof......dont worry...as you get better and craft weapons....it all changes.....Good Luck ! Do yourself a favour and get the game....I find myself working out amendments to my base whilst at work....sometimes in the board room ---- which I think is funny, but a testament to how this game GRABS you.Enjoy !"
76561198008039122,Recommended,251570,19075658,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Daddy,"LISTEN... SERIOUSLY!I could not love this game more if it were a human baby! For over a year 7 DAYS TO DIE has brought me and my family (all 5 of us) SO MUCH happiness and joy! We have laughed our asses off and screamed in terror... for hundreds of hours and many more to come! It is absolutely amazing to watch it expand, and I'm happy to drudge through the growing pains as it creeps up toward perfection. 7 DAYS TO DIE is a game that I (and many others) have always wanted. My only regret, as a novelist and gamer, is that I cannot personally be part of it's development. However, I will happily play from the sidelines and keep laughing and screaming with my wife and kids while we narrowly survive the ever expanding zombie apocalypse!!! :DSIMPLY BADASS... PLEASE KEEP IT UP FUN PIMPS!!!  ;)"
76561197963299104,Not Recommended,251570,20132795,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Windows98kin,"TL;DR: Don't. (Yet?)This might be less of a review and more of a message to the Fun Pimps. Can't put it on the forums because it will get deleted.I rarely have such conflicting emotions about a game, especially since Alpha 13. I didn't follow the whole kickstarter thing but bought the game a year ago on a boring night without any prior research and quickly dismissed it for its mediocre performance despite the very crusty graphics.After several attempts of playing it, the vast options of a sandbox finally hooked me and allowed me to half-heartedly overlook the - at times - very annoying bugs. I usually play alone or semi-alone with an emphasis on exploration/large scale underground building and don't really bother with coop play or PvP.While I was racking up hours and hours of gameplay, my occupation as a software engineer got in the way of my passion for gaming the first time in my life. I really wanted to like the game and grinded through it 8 hours at a time just out of spite, but jesus tap dancing christ, this thing is riddled with bugs and game breaking inconsistencies.I could make a huge list of all the bugs and weird things happening, but it pretty much all boils down to two things: A severe lack of experience and no mentionable quality control. Now, don't give me that ""But it's an alpha!"" crap. If you build something, anything, you start with a good foundation and then gradually add stuff. With 7DTD it seems like there's a very messy but somehow working foundation that noone really wants to (or has the ability to) fix, and instead of hiring someone to do it, every patch appears to be a string of quick wins and cosmetic changes that are hit or miss at best and completely pointless at worst. At times, it seems like the Fun Pimps are done doing actual progress and alternate between doing ""most flashy thing for the least amount of work"" (pre-patch) and ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥we need to put out fires left and right"" (post-patch). I mean, just look at some of the ""improvements"" of A13:* UI was completely broken and a massive exploit-fest. Now it's completely broken and a massive exploit-fest with a new flat look.* The game couldn't handle decent amount of zombies; the animations, spawning mechanisms and attack patterns were totally off. Nothing changed about that, but now we have new motion captured zombies that have weirdly skewed models depending on the viewing angles, have non-existing keyframes and move like an epileptic Michael Jackson dance movie in anything above 60 FPS. Oh, and zombie dogs are broken. Again.* A lot of the harvestable resources are suddenly gone. No more sticks, branches, different meats, all the stuff that brought some variety was taken out. Why? Just so you can inflate the patch notes?* The grunting, screaming and huffing and puffing of the alter ego is now voiced by professional voice actors. I can now hear myself moaning of hunger in crystal clear quality while trying to use the broken camp fire that mysteriously eats fuel and never finishes crafting my damn meat. That's right, meat. A bear now has the exact same kind of meat as a rabbit.* Performance is _abysmal_. ""But it's an un-optimized alpha!"" You know the first rule of optimization? - Don't. You can't build a complete dog turd and then flip a switch on release date and suddenly it runs like hell. It's not gonna happen. Start with a good foundation and then add stuff. Yes, i'm repeating myself.Multiplayer is another huge disappointment. Don't even get me started with multiplayer. It's an integral part of the game (despite the Pimps backing off again cause they are not able to fix the related code), yet it's the most broken one. The netcode is horrible and the dedicated server is a hot mess that WILL bring your hardware to its knees. Memory leaks gallore, 32/64 bit Linux versions randomly (don't) work depending on the patch level and administration is XML with a bunch of strings and a ♥♥♥♥ing TELNET interface.I mean, props for providing a Linux server (and client!), but if it's going to randomly break because noone is testing it, why even ship it?Oh, if you want to have a laugh, check out the website. ""a small dedicated group of highly experienced Game and Software developers"" and ""The average 7 Days to Die Team member has over 14 years of experience in Game and Software Development working with or for many top companies."" Yeah, right. I bet that's the reason why you're using ♥♥♥♥ing Unity and can't update a label without a bunch of null pointer exceptions and out of range indices.The communication is very professional, too. If you have to introduce forum policies that explicitely forbid talking about release dates or criticizing anything about the game it's HIGH ♥♥♥♥ING TIME to think about how you're communicating with customers. If you can't be arsed to do it yourself (and i can highly sympathize with that!), hire someone to do it. And I'm not talking about giving some fanboy moderator rights on the forums and letting him wreak havoc.God damn.Now, don't get me wrong. Despite the massive bashing, I kinda sorta like this game. I'd never pile up >300 hours of gameplay and write a long review about a game that i hate. Sometimes the only thing that'll help is some good old tough love. I fear that if nothing changes, the game has already reached its zenith and will crash and burn. So please, use the money we gave you. Hire some real software developers. Make the software as good and enjoyable as the gameplay you have created. I'd revise my review in a heartbeat if there was any positive change.Please make it happen."
76561198073510776,Recommended,251570,14075543,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ryandotdee,"So me and a friend were off exploring, it started to get dark so we busted into a house, stuck a finger up at the zombies shambling towards us as we hacked out the stairs and retreated to the attic.After congratulating ourselves profusely on outsmarting the undead, we proceeded to start talking about life in general, and memories of times past, Whilst the zombies screamed and raged downstairs.after a while my friend asks me..""Dude, whats that noise?""""Dunno man, sounds like something is falling down""I pull out a candle, to be greeted with the view of house collapsing around us, after a moment of pure perplexion, me and my friend fall through the floor into a moaning sea of zombies.I made a dash to the door, thinking that i was going to make it, whilst the sreams of my half eaten friend rang in my ears, but just as i got to the precipice of salvation, the remainder of the house fell on my cowardly♥♥♥♥♥and squished me.10/10, would get crushed by house again"
,Recommended,251570,11280732,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DeliveryGodNoah,"Honestly, the best Alpha/Early Access game you can buy.It has the most content.It is (one of) the most playable.It has one of the most dedicated developers.It has a pretty sizeable and dedicated playerbase.In a nutshell, it's minecraft meets DayZ. That's probably the way you're sick of hearing it described as, but it's appropriate.It's a first person zombie survival game that you can play with/against other players online, with a fully fleshed out crafting system that allows you to make weapons and craft incredible buildings. Though this game has a more ""realistic"" way of building houses than Minecraft does. Houses actually look like houses, and they even have structual integrity, so if you build a house without much support, it will collapse.Walk on an old, decaying bridge? It will probably collapse.Try to build a single line of wood as a temporary bridge? It will fall down after about 3 or 4 blocks.Mining looks great. It looks like you are actually creating a cave, with smooth walls and dizzying geometry. However mining has had some issues over the course of development. It's been ""nerfed"", made too abundant, nerfed again, and sometimes even being made impossible. Be warned that mining in this game is a bit glitchy, however this shouldn't come as a surprise in an Early Access title.The game used to have a blocky asthetic, but the game has since had an update that makes the terrain smooth with rolling hills. It looks great, and it's not even done yet as the developers are working on random generation and on smoothing out the terrain even more.(SEE UPDATE AT BOTTOM ABOUT RANDOM GEN) Oh, I also need to mention, at the moment, there is only one map. It's a pretty decent size, but you'll see most of it within a couple playthroughs. Building your own structures, especially when playing in an online server, does change it up however.This game can be played in single player as well, or with a private server. That's another thing great about this game: Options.There's literally an option for just about anything.How durable blocks are and how long it takes to mine them.How many zombies spawn.How much damage the zombies do to you.How much damage you do to the zombies.How much loot spawns.How many players can join your server.PVP on or off.And many other options.This game can be just about any way you want it.Some people will point out that options have been both added, and removed, and sometimes options don't have much of an effect at all. Again, be warned, things are constantly being changed, including the amount of options and their effectiveness. There's a chance an option you really like having may be taken away, or accidentally broken. It's all a part of the process of making the game balanced and challenging, while also allowing you to create a personal experience.There are a few mods, and a few custom builds, but those are pretty few at least until the game becomes more complete. I'm sure once the development moves futher along, you'll see a lot more custom levels and mods being made and updated.Combat is bit floaty though. As it stands now, melee combat doesn't have that much impact, and guns need better sound. However, usually combat works. Guns shoot bullets into things, melee weapons bash things, but this can be temporarily broken during any update.Crafting is a major component of the game. You find resources, either through loot in the environment and buildings, or by getting your own from mining from rocks and trees. Crafting is done in a grid fashion, which will look a bit familiar, in that you can place certain components in a certain way to create something. However, it's not all guess work. It's usually outlined what you need and where, you just need to place it. It's a bit simplistic and easy this way, but it works.For now, 7 Days to Die is a fantastic experience. It still has bugs and optimization issues, such as mechanical bugs, sound issues, and sometimes even having parts of the game you really like being taken out or being made useless. It's part of the process, but overall it's the most complete of the Early Access titles that you can find on Steam, and continues to be updated pretty regularly.Update: Random Generation. This game NEEDED this. Like most things, it's not perfect, but it's a welcome edition. A random seed is generated depending on the name you give the world, and the results are impressive. You get rolling hills, random buildings and points of interest, large cliff sides, both deep and shallow areas of water (which also added the ability to finally ""swim"" underwater with neat effect), and a large central city to explore.The ability to randomly generate worlds now alone has potentially increased the replayablility of 7DaystoDie by countless hours. My first couple hours with random generation I just spent exploring around to find all the nice looking terrain."
76561198163380082,Recommended,251570,34785526,Posted: 6 September,all,Delay No More,"Day 1: Almost got killed by some wild zombies, had nothing but a wooden club to defend myself. Hid in the attic of a house until daylight came.Day 2: Ate some cat food, found a pistol, continued to search for a safe place to live in.Day 3: Found a motel, cleared out all the zombies and blocked up the gate.Day 4: Reinforced the fences and walls.Day 5: Set up traps and spikes around the motel.Day 6: The defense became pretty solid, started my own farm.Day 7: Found a computer that's still working and started playing 7 days to die.It's as good as the real world zombie apocalypse."
76561198052843064,Recommended,251570,16931931,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sethrael,"Take Minecraft.Like it? Good.Now take the Minecraft zombies and make them look more human. Add various creepy textures like blank eyes, fat, gore encrusted bellies, naked eviscerated corpses, and nurses in outfits suitable for a low-budget porn flick. They come at you in degrees varying from your college roomate after a bender to how your girlfriend looked after she found out you don't actually have a sister who lives with you. Interested yet?You get plunked down in the center of this with a bandage, a bottle of water, and a single torch. By the way, you aren't wearing any shoes, shirt, or pants (and for some reason, if you chose a female character, some oddly chosen underwear for an apocalypse). From this, you are meant to avoid numerous ways of death, including, but not limited to, starvation, dehydration, mauling, stabbing, dysentery, eaten by wild animals, crushed beneath rubble, falling from cliffs, and the always enjoyable slow death of z-virus infection. And that is just during the daytime. By the way, did I mention that when the sun goes down every zombie gets a steroid boost that turns them into beings that would make Olympic sprinters jealous?7 Days to Die is unforgiving, time-consuming, rage-inducing, and will give you new reasons to fear sunset. You will spend hours upon hours searching for the next town and even more nights cowering in your makeshift structure while the world goes to hell right outside your door. Should you buy it? The better question is why haven't you bought it yet?"
,Recommended,251570,13482470,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Agent Justice,"This is a great survival game that has a smoothly connected world, the houses look realistic, tunnels in the ground actually look like tunnels, there's many things to craft, books to teach you more crafting recipes. There's hunger, stamina, thirst, and health. You can sprint, you  can cook food on fires if you have cooking pots or a grill. There's a fair amount of fire arms, and you can even craft the bullets for them. You can construct quite a fottress, barricade existing structures, repair damage on structures, upgrade parts of your structures to withstand more damage, grow food, hunt, and the longer you stay in one area, the stronger your scent gets in that area, increasing the chance of an invasion occuring, there's many types of zombies, most look standard, but there's a few special ones, and more are going to be added, not only can you eventually craft standard digging tools and cutting tools, you can find an Auger to dig faster, and a chainsaw to cut tree's down swiftly, multiplayer works fine too, the player sync seems to be perfect even if ping is around 100-150 levels. There are many clothing pieces you can find as you scavenge, head, chest, hands, legs, feet, and they have armor value against attacks, you can even use hides from animals you've hunted to make leather, and then leather armor with the proper knowledge. They recently added the random world generation, which i've been testing, it is done quite well, biomes seperated by rivers, if you look enough you'll find roads, and there's even generated structures to be found, you can also mine a tunnel down anywhere to find yourself some metal ores to make whatever tools, bullet casings, or bullet tips you need and coal, as well as nitrate, to make gunpowder. You can make torches, there's a few ways, and you can find flashlights, there isn't anything that can't be destroyed by you, or the zombies, everything has a different durability depending on what it is made of. The options for playing either on single player or multiplayer are fairy customizable, you can increase drop rates of all items, durability of all blocks, amount of zombies that spawn, how long days last, and how large of percentage of each day is night time, you can also decrease all of these options as well. I'd strongly recommend getting this game if you like a good survival, or action game with an extensive crafting system."
,Recommended,251570,33233997,Posted: 4 July,all,J0BA.sdmf,"TL;DR : Good zombie horde game, very fun with friends.I usually don't like zombie games that much, but I have to admit that 7DD is highly addictive. I started playing with 3 Friends on a server and it was a blast.- Get killed by a Zombie- Get killed by a Zombie bear- Get killed by Fall damage- Get killed by starvation- Get killed by dehydration- Get killed by your own spikes- Get killed by a landslide- Get killed by the 7th day- Get killed by a Teammate- Get killed by a landmine- Get killed by a Cheater/hacker (Got kicked =)- Watch how players will leave the server at night time and relog at day time :P- Watch how players leave EVERY Bloodnight (7th Day) and relog the next day out of fear :P- Take over a building.- Build defenses- Build more defenses- Build a Wall- upgrade the wall- Build more defenses- Build a panicroom- Build a bunker- Build tunnels- 1st bloodnight = Dig a hole and start crying.- 2nd Bloodnight = The hole became a panicroom.- 3rd Bloodnight = The hole became a bunker.- 4th Bloodnight = Testing bunker defenses.- 5th Bloodnight = Testing house defenses.- 7th Bloodnight = Arrogantly stand on your wall and shoot zombies.- Get loot and blueprints :)- Kill other players- Raid bases- Hunker down on rooftops while hunted by a zombie bear.EDIT:- find out that there is Alpha 16. *facepalm- instant download- O____________O- mind blown- find out about turrets, electricity and compoundbow *facepalm- find out about large cities with highrise buildings *facepalm- lessons were learned : always read patchnotes :)"
,Recommended,251570,30073926,Posted: 20 February,all,Akoa,"Lili's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playWhen my friend first gifted me this game I thought right away.""I hate zombie games, So I probably play this for a few minuites and then find a way to tell my friend that I don't want to play anymore""I opened the game and honestly the first thing that hit me was wow, the graphics are amazing. Yes If you run them low then they are going to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking but the amount of effort put into the graphics alone was just great.I started to play for the first few minuites trying to find my friends doing all the starter quests figuring out how to avoide zombies. And they are ALOT of zombies, normally in most games during day and night time zombies are like meh for open sandbox worlds but they were so many everywhere. (i think my friend had the extra zombie option on) Honestly as a person who is super duper afraid of zombies I really enjoyed that there was alot more to this game then just zombies. Survival is huge in this game. ANYTHING can kill you. Ive died to pretty much everything and anything. My first death was to a tree falling on top of me, then when you break your leg I swear you would rather be dead then have to walk everywhere. You can bleed out, die of infection, die from falling, drowning, eating something thats bad for you, ofc zombies, zombie dogs, zombie bears, zombie zombies, plus the range of type of zombies is very intresting, you have ofc the basic zombies who dont do anything much other then try to kill you, then you have fereal zombies who can run fast even during the day time, then you have zombie spiders who can crawl up anywall and crawlers who can break your legs, zombie bees who create hordes and zombie screamers who look like the little girl from the ring who will scream a horde into exsistance. On top of that in the next patch they will be adding zombies who are like from attack on titan who will distroy bases. The game might be called 7 days to die but honestly i should be called, how many times can I die, because it never ends.Scratch that. That was a lie, you will die. No matter what, even if you beat the first 7 days and the 2nd 7 days, the rivers dry up, the animals die out, the trees dissapear, the zombies gets stronger every single day, the more you play the worse it gets after a while the food you stock up dissapears the water and drinks you secure drie up, the snow melts the earth becomes a scorched wasteland and then finally the zombies eat you and no matter how many times you respawn there will be nothing left to do because the earth is dead and you are dead inside and the zombies dont care. And its great its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. 10/10 game.Theres a few diffrent ways you can play the game, 1. With the same type of map over and over again. 2. Random gen so you will never know what you get and 3. solo play with a smaller map size.On top of that you are able to control how long days and nights are and how many people you want in your server or how many you do not want in your server. The only downside to this game is that its pretty hard to run if your computer is ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Sorry for the weird review its my first one but i hope you enjoyed it.If your gonna play this game add me! I definetly want more friends to play with :D"
,Recommended,251570,22379465,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Aldyr,"7 Days to Die has been one of the most immersive game experiences I've ever had.I discovered this game upon the recommendation of a friend and gave it a shot, sometime during alpha 9 or 10. We both spawned in the wasteland and spent panicked hours trying to avoid the undead while scavenging what we could. So great was our noobishness that we'd actually chow down on raw eggs and old sham sandwiches in a pinch just to regain our hunger, ignorant to the fact that we were slowly poisoning and killing ourselves as we struggled to stay ahead of the dead and cowered on rooftops at night, listening to the rushed footsteps of sprinting zombies as they tried to sniff us out, emboldened and strengthened by the lack of sunlight.I was a fool to think we were safe.After repeated breaking of legs and the development of bloody diarrhea, dysentery and an infecton, I actually ended up killing myself to purge myself of my ailments and settled with my friend near the banks of a river, ignorant to what would happen to us on the 7th night or the fact that I was sacrificing my wellness, growing frail and weak as my max health and stamina was reduced to a whopping 60. Day 7 rolled by with no incidents, giving us more time to stockpile on resources and think we were safe in our hastily designed log cabin towers, guarded by nothing but stick-based spikes and amateur trenches dug into the soft sands of southwestern Navezgane.Then Day 14 happened.My friend was outside when a massive day horde approached our homes, watching helplessly as I ended up getting trapped, and surrounded in our besieged base. The buzzing of hornets and the groans and vomiting zombified police officers turning an otherwise beautiful day into a horror show. She managed to sneak back in, but spent the entire time having a panic attack as the undead began to eat at the foundations of our towers like termites, destroying everything we had worked for. Glancing out of the windows on the top floor, our attempts to snipe at the numerous walkers proved futile as we resigned ourselves to a slow death and complete loss of everything we had worked for in our first fourteen days of play...Then we broke out the chainsaws.In a surge of blood and gore, we -barely- managed to carve our way out through the undead and ran out into the surrounding desert with no supplies but the clothes on our backs and few jars of water and canned food we always kept on our persons. We contemplated quitting and starting over, but decided to push on and rebuild. After many running battles, we managed to reclaim our ruined towers before the evening rolled by, and spent a few nights huddled in the relative safety of one of the interior rooms, and scavenge what little supplies that had survived the onslaught while filling the holes with what little materials we could cobble together.Then we found it...A small campsite, isolated and on the other side of a hill where our original ruined towers stood. For some reason, we decided to settle there, digging deep underground and building a series of bunker networks that we connected into one super-compound. With our supplies safe, we built connecting tunnels to a nearby town and heavily fortified one of the buildings there with every material we could find back then, sandstone, sand, stone, wood, scrap metal, you name it. We made a point to make our stand there every 7 days, retreating into our tunnels when the going got tough, which was pretty much every single day until day 35.After a long and terrible night...We managed to keep the Horde out, and surged out of our bunker during the day to meet them head on. After mopping up the remnants, we squared off against multiple waves before the undead fell silent, we had avenged our horrible defeat at day 14. To commemorate our victory, we built a giant tower with a sniper perch and elegant roof over our bunker, complete with beer coolers and chairs. We named it Isengard, surrounding our perimeter with layers and layers of (then-invulnerable) log cabin spikes and smashed the undead repeatedly from that day 35 onward. Gone were the days of our frailty as our wellness surged to 200, replacing old sham sandwiches with meat stew, blueberry pie and goldenrod tea. We even went back to our old base and refurbished it, combining our two towers into one giant platform where we housed giant, closed farm, connected to our main base through a series of tunnels. This lasted until a patch-induced server wipe ended our adventure, but we had learned valuable lessons. We were hardened.In short,10/10, would get bloody diarrhea and build Isengard again."
,Recommended,251570,22811821,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,demerick1,"2/10 until Traitor Joe learns that it's bad for business to locate his outpost in the middle of the wasteland WHERE ALL THE EVIL ZOMBIES ARE.But seriously, I have owned this game since the ground was Minecraft cubes. I have a million (okay, that's hyperbole) other games and this is the one I always keep coming back to. I've watched as the land has smoothed out, a skill tree has been added, trees and zombies have been beautified, and additional zombies have been added, among other things. The NPCs have been a very welcome addition.Pros (Build 15):Continual work from The Fun Pimps. I don't think any other alpha can boast this kind of attention from its creators.New NPCs.Certain levels of hilarity.You can make Lucille!The game runs beautifully on my $500 laptop that is overloaded with programs for college.Creative playBiome VarietySkill Improvement Increases Damage, Item Quality, Access to New Skills.Building materials respond to zombie damage in a logical manner.Physics are logical.Choice of randomly generated world or predetermined world.POIs everywhere to loot.Many challenging things to craft and improve.New quests to be accepted or not.Zombies aren't the only things to hunt.You're never truly safe.Combat requires technique and improves with practice.Blood Moon Hordes are awesome when you get combat strategy down.Cons (Build 15)You have to kill dogs (Yeah, it should be ondoesthedogdie/gaming.com[I made the gaming part up...the website just exists for movies]).Water slows you when moving through it and I think that swimming should be faster than walking.You will lose builds following massive releases. This can be frustrating when you've put a lot of effort into a base and character.Bears. I hate bears. Bears are sneaky jerks that don't fight fair.Verdict:If you don't like change, don't get this, or any other Alpha game.If you don't have patience, don't get this, or any other Alpha game.If you don't like challenging combat, don't get this game.If you absolutely can't handle the death of a dog, even a zombie dog, don't get this game.If you like variety and seeing how a game grows over time, get this game.If you like the idea of going from a guy or gal in his or her underwear to a survival king or queen, get this game.If you like creating things that become better and better quality as time passes, get this game.If you're a college student, you probably shouldn't get this game unless you're made of self-control.*Exit, pursued by a bear*"
76561198006098220,Recommended,251570,13423188,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pinksplease,"I cried, hid in an attic and ate cat food."
,Not Recommended,251570,33587670,Posted: 16 July,all,OldWhovian,"Used to love this game.  16 Alpha killed it for me.  I don't mind the increased zombies, I'm even okay with resource sources giving less resources.  Not so okay with not being able to make steel until level 40 but It doesn't take TOO long to get there.  Where I draw the line is this:Zombies literally spawning inside locked rooms of my base, frequently clipped into placed items and boxes.My minibike teleporting into a mountain when I get off; Shop keepers spawning outside of shops.Telefragging zombies (the appear where you are actively standing and insta-stun lock you to death);Pretargetted hordes (they ran directly towards me while I was undetected and altered course when I did while still undetected).Zombies suddenly becomming immune to water effects.So few animals I saw not but vulchers for ~9 hours.Zombies that can fall for thousands of feet and not take damage;Zombies that ignore all forms of player debuffs because players were using that to their advantage;To Devs:Listen, I get it.  Players were using your mechanics to their advantage and you wanted to add challenge back in.  Cool.  Make Spider zombies climb down walls so cliff edges aren't perfect defenses.  Make it so a single inch of water doesn't slow down everything; make it take a moat.  more importantly, realize that if a small but vocal portion of the player base does nothing but complain about these tactics, remind them that when they are playing, they can opt to not use them instead of ruining other player's experiences for the small, vocal hardcore group that can't get over other people having fun how they want to.When at least most of these are patched I will change my review."
,Recommended,251570,16253720,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sleepless,Alpha 15 Review: 10/8/2016: [Revamped Review]I've owned this game since Alpha 8.7 and every update gets me pulled right back into this game no matter what it's that good imho. <-- That still holds true a year later :)Here's what I like about 7 Days To Die:1. Graphics seem to get better each alpha release.2. Gameplay is awesome I would know I have 450+ hours ingame.3. Joining servers is seamless.4. Ability to host your very own server if your into that.5. Performance is really good for me I now play on a 1440P with a GTX 970 and most settings are almost maxed out. [A15 does give you more FPS than A14 that's for sure]6. Zombies are harder than A14 but hey if they are too hard for you you can change the settings in SP mode in MP its up to the server owners.7. ALOT of new POI's were added and there is a trading out post where you can sell your items to a NPC and get tokens in return to use at the shop for other items. [When it becomes close to night the outpost kicks you out till the morning so you can't exploit the safe area the outpost provides]8. Farming is ALOT better now than older Alpha updates.9. There is also a skill tree you can put points in places you want to make life better in the long run.Here's what NEEDS to be improved:1. Faster updating---> Alpha 15 is out now so it's a bit faster updating cycle but the content drop was massive and well worth the wait.I will add to this or remove from this review as 7 Days To Die gets updated.Hopefully reading my review helps you decide on buying or not buying this game.
76561198037654756,Recommended,251570,27725875,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vooyah,"Closing in on 1000 hours. I am pretty amazed at the continual improvements over time. Gets better with every alpha.  I keep buying other survival games, but I barely play them and then I am back to 7DTD. Amazing game. The tension felt while you are trying to explore or build is palpable. Even my wife loves playing this game with me. She has turned into quite the zombie killer, and dammit she is a better shot than me. Whimper."
76561198050681000,Recommended,251570,16143714,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,yem1546,"The first few nights I spent huddled in a dark corner of a scrap metal shed, hoping they wouldn't notice me. Then I set up camp in a brick building in a town I found. Eventually I built outer walls with steel doors... and they noticed. That night they clawed through my doors and my walls. Killed about ten with my crossbow but then I ran out of bolts. A few more with a barbed club and then I hid until morning. After I had gained a respectable amount of loot I moved to the city. Picked out a concrete parking garage and filled all the walls with reinforced concrete and metal bars. Lived fairly comfortably for a week or so, It had been pretty quiet since I cleared out the area. Built a farm on the roof and put in a small well and a bridge to the next building as an escape route. Lots of loot, self sustained, great. I had built a foyer/shooting gallery so that after they got through the front door, they were stuck at another door and I could shoot at them.  Then one night they just wouldn't stop comming. I must have killed forty before they got through. I went to run but the dogs got me. Respawned with hardly anything and right next to where I died. Died again. Then a few more times before I retreated back to my small town with no clothes and my tail between my legs. (Sigh)  10/10"
,Recommended,251570,23428971,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Revo1ution,"Great survival game with a very scary atmosphere. It has very in-depth mechanics and a good crafting system. The devs have also included a tutorial which is nice. The graphics are also pretty good. As for the optimization, there is room for improvement but it will run fine on most computers. If you like challenging survival games this one is great."
76561197999909435,Recommended,251570,14349995,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dan,"I'm writing this review after clocking a good amount of playtime and hope mylengthyreview can be of some use to new/current/veteran/potential players. It's always good to start with the good:THE PROSThis game is the love-child of The Walking Dead (TV show) and MinecraftRelatively friendly interface and easy-to-play (a contradiction noted in theTHE CONS)Great sandbox experience; allowing players to adopt any playstyle they choose would suit them in the apocalypse: hoarder, scavenger, murderer, good samaritan.. with amazing potential for roleplay experience!Huge list of craftable weapons whether they be melee or firearms; each with their own advantages.Huge list of craftable materials which can be used to manipulate a fully functional envrionment (if you see it, you can destroy it)Good balance between ""risk/reward"" and ""time spent in-game/achievement""Great modding options for setting-up servers to suit your playstyleTHE CONS- The majority of which are experienced in multiplayer games.This is Alpha. Be careful if you choose to buy/play this game. It is riddled with bugs/glitches/cheats/hacks.Complaining or asking for help on official forums in relation to multiplayer games, will be met with:""This is alpha"", ""Go play single-player"", ""This is alpha!"", ""Join a server with your friend"", ""THIS IS ALPHA!""Unfriendly interface for joining multiplayer games. I still have no idea what some of those 'filter' options mean/do and there is nothing in-game that explains them; not even on the wiki or offical website.Anti-cheat system doesn't workFrustratingly annoying to connect directly to a friend's game. Port-forwarding, etcNo option to ""type only to friends"" or ""private whisper"" in-game. All typing is global.Relatively slow updates from the devsRocket launchers, advanced military sniper rifles and fully-automatic machine guns *sigh* (A personal ""con"" for me, as it destroys the immersion of a zombie apocalypse)Single player soon becomes extremely tedious/pointless.Known Cheats/ExploitsNo-clip. Players can shoot through walls, floors, etc.Duplicate items. Players can stack/duplicate items.Track bedroll. Players can track another player's base after he/she places a bedroll.Invisible killing. Players can attack another player from anywhere on the map.Flying.Item spawning.Despite there being moreCONS, thePROSsignificantly outweigh them.Hope this helps. I strongly recommend this game. Buy it."
76561198089209418,Recommended,251570,8546007,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NEGA SCOTT,"EDIT: 6/21/2015So, I've now played through every update, put in about 200+ hours through this and my other steam account, (Teknospawn), this one being my smurf account, and I wanted to explain EXACTLY what you can expect if you buy this game. This is going to be a mostly fact based review of what you will experience, and it will be up to you to decide if you will like it. I will also post this same review on my other steam account.1) The game has been in alpha for a VERY long time and it will most likely stay that way for at least the next year or so. However they do have a daily updated developer page that posts exactly what they are doing:http://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/2) The game is ""mostly"" finished in that even in it's current state, it feels like a ""complete"" game. It rather feels like they continue to release new free ""DLC"" content every other month.3) If you're looking for the best graphics quality, you will not find it here. However the graphics are good enough for a voxel based sandbox game, in my opinion. The graphics never take away from the feel of surviving and dominating an apocalyptic world and with the Unity 6 upgrade, it's gotten better.4) Although you will die A LOT in the beginning until you understand the game mechanics, the zombie element will eventually become easy, and the human combat is what you will have to watch out for. As the days accumulate the zombies become progressively harder.5) The game definitely ""feels"" like you're trying to survive an apocalyptic wasteland. The growing curve is not too bad, after you've put in about 10+ hours to understand how to survive and use the 7daystodie crafting wiki, you begin to feel like you have control over your environment. All in all, if you want to master surviving, fighting, crafting, and build a huge kick♥♥♥♥♥base, it will take you a total of 100+ hours to get there. In my opinion, although you can continue to play more, this game is worth about a 100+ hours of fun. So for the price, I think it's worth it. Although I play dota 2, which is free and I've played dota 1 + 2 a combined amount of about 10,000 hours.Now on to exactly what the game contains based on how you will experience it for the first time.You start off by spawning in a general area near a ""hub city"" where everyone spawns near. This city will have tons of low level stuff to loot to get you started including tools, food, resources, materials, weapons, etc.. If you want to know exactly what you can craft, go to:http://7daystodie.gamepedia.com/CraftingIf you're on a busy server, you'll need to travel further out in order to be safe from players and find less actively looted spots.In the beginning you will have to sneak around a lot of zombies, eat a lot of plants and animals to survive, and basically be a super noob, just to not die. I suggest finding a cave, and building a small easily defended starter house in it. You will experience a lot fear and death for the first few hours until you get the hang of it, or get lucky and come across someones existing base which has become inactive because the player quit that server. In that case  you will start with a plethora of items and will live like a king for a few days.However, unless you're playing on a PVE server, you must ALWAYS be careful for other high level players who are running around trying to kill everyone on the server, so building an underground base is best for noobies.The next few days will be pretty much exactly like minecraft. Learning to build structures, learning to build resources and making better versions of each as you go. Building a defensive outdoor structure will be the next big step. How you want to create this ingenius zombie proof castle is up to you, but be warned your tools dull down and break. Ammos is quickly spent. Feral zombies can detect your fire's heat signature. Spider zombies can climb up walls, and call forth a horde of zombies if they spot you directly. Zombie dogs will run faster than you, some zombies will crawl and break your legs, others will spit explosive puke grenades to destroy your building. But if you hide successfully enough, people will still come around and be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill you.But once you've survived for a few weeks, you should be rich as $hit and able to build a massive and well built mansion for which you can live out the rest of your days honing your building skills. Zombies will no longer be a challenge. People will still be a challenge, but build far away enough and it won't be necessary to be extremely defensive. (I personally play on a PVE server so that I can just focus on building.)As for building, the gravity challenge makes building realistic structures fun. It's not like minecraft where you can just put block on block on block. Each block can hold only so much weight before it comes crashing down. Make your foundational blocks strong, and build on those. You would be suprised what you can build with proper planning and strategy. I personally think the buliding part is the best part of 7daystodi.Once you've mastered the game, much like minecraft, it now becomes about what you can build through your honed skills. If you don't enjoy the challenge of building, then this game is not for you, as the zombies don't create much of a challenge for someone who has survived for a few days on one server.All in all this game to me, is the best ""updated"" basic minecraft building game with better graphics, and more surviving and I still play it to this day."
76561198062297836,Recommended,251570,15552303,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,EnterName,"This game's crafting options turned me into a DIY nut.  Early game was spent by a riverside shack I created right next to a river in the forest biome.  I surrounded it with corn, cotton, maple tree, blueberry and potato farms.   Absolutely zero protection, but I was relatively safe during the night in sneak mode at the top of my 4 block high 7x7 abode wielding my handmade crossbow.  Had a hell of a time trying to find all the books I'd need for crafting, particularly the one that would allow me to build a forge.  Luckily, I found a cooking pot pretty easily (I know from previous playthroughs how screwed you are when you can't boil your own water).  Lived off boiled meat very early, but before long I was making a living baking potatos.Mid-game, I set up mining operations near my shack mining for stone,lead, iron, coal and potassium nitrate at night, while the hordes passed overhead (mostly) unawares.  During the day, I hunted, hit supply drops and did some supply runs on hardware stores and the homes nearby.  Stocked up a lot of rebar frames and wood frames plus came across a lot of tools from the hardware store runs.  I saved the rebar frames for later, and used the wood frames as fuel for my cooking and forge fires so I could stockpile wood from my maple tree farm.   Ended up with a metric ton of animal fat between hunting and those slow bloater zeds, the little I needed to make candles barely made a dent in my stock.  Used the corn to make cornmeal, then that to make clay.  With the clay and my supply runs, I was able to make molds of all parts of every firearm in the game.Late-game: prepared to make the defensible, self-sustainable lair of my dreams.  40 x 40, four block high walls topped with barbed wire that are three blocks thick using stone from mining to make concrete (outer layer is reinforced concrete, using the rebar frames from runs; inner two were simple concrete).  Surrounded by a 3 block deep moat with sharpened tree trunk traps at the bottom.  Entrances on the north, south, east and west sides secured with two metal doors each.  Inside, I had enough room to rebuild all my farms, all my forges and cooking fires, a mine, and built a two story house in the center.  Have a small lake for water.  Now, pretty much the only reason I would HAVE to venture out is to hunt to maintain my stores of animal fat and venison (fat for biofuel and candles, venison for venison stew, which is awesome) and ironically, sand.  I use the sand to make glass jars because the game, inexplicably, does not allow you to keep jars after you use water for anything other than drinking (like making venison stew or grain alcohol, which I use with biofuel to make my own gas cans for power tools).  Between the iron I've mined and continute to, and the molds I have, I'm able to build any number of guns.  Between lead, coal, potassium nitrate and a stockpile of brass (you should really be able to mine this too) I can make any bullet.  Have plenty of books for shotgun shell wadding.That was just one way to go about it.  You can be a nomad packing it up during the day and raiding any town or muni building you see.  Or you can fortify an existing structure and save on building resource cost.  What's most surprising to me is how a game that is in early access, which has made no attempt at a storyline (so far) can really make you ask yourself how you would survive an apocalyptic scenario.  Highly recommended, especially if they come through with the dirtbike they said they'd include in the game.  Would make late-game looting really fun for the stay-at-home types."
,Recommended,251570,8960029,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Niseg,"If you like minecraft ,l4d, dayz this is the game for you . A whole lot of crafting , a whole lot of zombies and a lot of scavanging In the dark a horde of zombies will spawn , they run like the wind in darkness and slowed in light.The entire enviroment is destructable and the zombies will break walls and dig down to try to kill you . Easy mode is not hard but you can still get punished the hard mode is pretty brutal .Unfortunatly the price is a little steep on this game I got it on sale for 24$ ."
76561198001946562,Recommended,251570,15216549,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,leiela,"I never do reviews, this is my first.7daystodie is a brilliant game. I write this review as of alpha11 and while the new patch is only a few days and a tad buggy, the devs have already hotfixed some of the bugs and i have every faith the others will be fixed in the next few days.  Even this the bugs Alpha 11 is very playable.I have 835 hours invested in this game as of writing this review. Yes I LOVE IT!!! ... honestly the price is well worth it.People come into a game like this for different reasons, my husband loves fps and loves the zombie hunting elements of this game. I have always sucked at that sort of thing so i focus on the crafting/building elements.My kill counts are always very low ...but just because i don't like to do to much killing doens't mean i don't enjoy the game as it would with so many zombie survival games out there. I focus on crafting the things we need to survive and building a safe place to lay our head at night and trust me there is enough to do in that respect alone to keep me busy without me needing to run around with a gun.You can easily play this game as a pure survival, sneaking and hiding avoiding zombies as much as possible while you scavenge enough food/drink and build yourself and impenitrable bunker to ward off even the most mighty of enivitable hordes which will eventually come looking for you. (and trust me they can be terrifying.... i have literally logged off too scared to play untill my husband joined me)Or you can play it almost like a fps ... living moment to moment scavenging for supplies while blasting the hell outta zombies with the multitude of weapons the game has.  The weapon system is great, all the weapons feel different, they have different usage. Some are better for up close and then theres your hunting/rifles and snipers for distance.It's rare to find a game with the right mix of elements to keep me and my husband both happy, because we are both very different gamers.  This game has managed to keep us both hooked for over 800 hours so kudo's to the pimps it's not an easy thing to do."
76561198006635882,Recommended,251570,32578988,Posted: 19 June,all,bill,its like minecraft for men
76561198059882882,Not Recommended,251570,13426731,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Cynor,"This game is great for LAN or private play as PVE with friends. Positive review from me here.This is my first review on steam for a game and is because I am very angry at the whole way they are dealing with the cheating issues with the basic attitude of the developers who basically are saying theres no way to stop it so stop asking us to fix it.IF you play on any server your base will get hacked, basical the server is open to client map files allowing modification and checking map to see where player bases are, where players are (while not on your friends list.) They can change the damage given, the damage they recieve, where they spawn (without a bed). Even tunnel through bedrock to escape easily after they have filled in your base.Basically raids on bases are legal in PVP where your base is protected by landclaim blocks.In a hack - land claim blocks do nothing to stop hackers because they change their damage to a rediculous amounts.My friends and I on our third server we have lost everything decided to make a base hidden in a mountain, no forges would ever be running and all our stuff was at bedrock with a small tunnel as only means of entering. And about 10 minutes run from the main starting area.Took the guy 5 minutes to completely fill in our base and tunnel out the bedrock leaving a hole into nothing where you fall, then log out and come back in to be on the surface. We have taken screen shots of this.Usually you can spot a hacker when their ping is over 250 and they have the ability to set all pings to 0 there by disquising themselves. The steam ban does nothing for hacks as players can simply use family library sharing to get back on the servers they are banned from and keep playing the game.If you want this game to play with a friend and PVE its a really good game.If you want to play with other people, dont bother. Save your money cause all the work you do will be lost within minutes by hackers.If you buy the game to play with others on an open server enjoy - 7 ways to be Hacked!"
76561198209165659,Recommended,251570,23820533,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Stalin,"I played this game for a total of about 5 hours now and my adentures have been great. First, my friend thought that you could get gas from hitting a gas barrel and exploded me and my bed. It took me about 20 minutes to swim back only to randomly die and have to swim back again. We robbed a bank and built a house on the roof, then my friends set out on a great bear hunt. After much struggling, my friends killed the bear, only to have one of them run into his own spike and die. Next, we had to prepare for the super wave that comes on the seventh days, which basically consisted of us covering the entire bank in spikes and then sitting on our roof. At approximately 21 hours, the wave washed up against our spikes like the Americans on D-Day, and we watched and listened to the terrifying chorus of zombies and mutant dogs crying in pain. As the sun came up, we saw almost a hundred corpses lying against the spike wall and the few zombies remaining were spinning around having PTSD flashbacks. 10 out of 10 would commit mass genocide again."
,Not Recommended,251570,13399134,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dranged,"A wonderfully fun zombie survival game. The best one out there I'd say. The amount of content the dev's continuously bring to this game is amesome and I am grateful for that.. This game is addicting and surpasses what I ever expected of it to grow into. So why am I giving it a negative review?Lets just say this games anticheat software is rather worthless and the developers don't seem to care or be focusing on that issue. I have more than once, ended up on a server with ONE single person modding/hacking/cheating that destroys it for everybody on the server, literally. It drives me crazy. The game is difficult as is and I'd like people to comment to see if their experiences is rather the same. I want to know if hackers and cheaters are as bad in this game as I think they are. Here is my experience lately.Most recently I had a server that I put 2 days straight worth of work into to have it gone in a second due to one single person. That one single person somehow was able to hone missles from out of nowhere and kill everybody on the map as well as destroy all their supply crates, beds and you name it.. gone. I was also deep underground. To the bedrock. Yet a missle came from nowhere and killed me. Destroyed my bed, crates and everything, continuously no matter where I spawned. Me and the 2 other players I was playing with were furious.. As well as the rest on the server. What a waste of time.This is the problem I run into with every multiplayer server based game out there is hackers and cheaters that just ruin it for everybody. I really have no interest to return to the game. What is the point in putting in all that hard work. Hours, Days or weeks worth of work just to have it gone in an instant.  My recommendation is if your going to play, play on a server that is watched and you know is safe and possibly password protected and private. Otherwise, prepare for the worst on open servers.So please, if you will. I want to know everybodies experience with this issue."
,Recommended,251570,13965485,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nobby Slicks,Why watch The Walking Dead when you can play it with your friends.
76561197972347196,Not Recommended,251570,20410907,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,troglodyte,"I've been playing since it was released on Steam, and in my opinion the development of the game has gone in the wrong direction.If you take out the (glitched) minibike, random map generation, and smooth terrain there have not been any major content updates to the game.  They have sprinkled in mocap, new HUD, new zombie skins, some graphics upgrades, and a whole load of xml tweaks.  There is an absolute obsession by the developers to take a mechanic that is working just fine (forge, resource harvesting, and crafting) and change it.  There is also a focus on making the beginning of the game more difficult and much more tedious, but they have not added anything for once you get past the early stages of the game.After over two years: just one rudimentary vehicle, no npcs, no quests, no electricity (and the plethora of items that could be added with electricity), no gates/large doors, no animal domestication, no fishing, and no rivers in random world generation.  These are just a few things that could be added for content, not a dispositive list.It seems like the devs are just constantly shuffling around small features and fixing other features that are not broken.It's a shame because this was one of my favorite games.  Hopefully they are able get it back on track.Edit:  Another aspect of the game that is not the fault of the developers, but needs to be addressed regardless is the cesspool the Steam forum for this game has become.  It is basically open hostility towards people who put forth their own negative opinions on an alpha game.  The tone of the forum has drastically changed over the past few months into  an echo chamber in which it is required for everyone to either like every change the developers make to the game or to make excuses for the game's shortcomings.  This is not how you make a game better, diversity of opinion should be encouraged, not chased off and silenced by the angry mob.Edit: An example of forum decorum:http://steamcommunity.com/app/251570/discussions/0/412449508276608974/"
,Recommended,251570,13625253,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr. Bromilia Amatsukaze Scarlet,"Dug myself a nice cave [√]Got all cozy and laughed as zombies walked over my base, oblivious [√]A dozen dogs spawn two weeks in [√]Dogs dig down into my base [√]Dies every time I respawn because dogs in base and zombie horde outside [√]10/10 Would get gangbanged by zombie dogs again======In all seriousness though, I have to highly recommend this game. Even though I play this on a Mac for the most part where it's no secret that bugs, crashes and a plethora of frustrating issues arise from time to time, overall I think this game has huge potential for just an alpha. Something that very few games manage to do even 40 hours into gameplay is keeping me on my toes and worried all throughout. The ""difficulty"" progression of the waves seems to match pace with the progress made very nicely, imo. While I tend to play settler style for the most part, at any point of the game I would never be completely relaxed about the nights. Yes, generally the nights pass by in silence as the zombies simply walk over my base, but occasionally when they sense or even outright detect me underground and start mindlessly digging towards me, it's always a nerve racking experience. (My bases are generally shallow, eg only 10 or so blocks down. Something I should probably fix)Overall, the game is wonderful because it allows so many different styles of play, but still forces players to do one common and core function. Exploring. Now I talk about this from a vanilla server or SP perspective where you have no recipes unlocked. As you progress in the game, it becomes apparently harder and harder to survive with just a crossbow and some cloth armor. You start requiring later and later game items which require more unique resources. Eventually, you'll be forced to go out into the wild to gather and find these resources that will be paramount to your success in the game.Want a shotgun? Better know how to make one. What's that? No ammo? Gotta figure out how to make that too. Don't know how to make it? Well sucks to suck. Go out and find the recipe book. Keep getting rekt by the zombies pumelling you? Well get that janky cloth armor off you and get some iron armor on. Don't know how to make one? Find the recipe book. What's that? Need leather? Better figure out how to make that too. The point is, you can't progress in the equipment line without these recipe books that you won't be finding unless you actually go out and explore.Personally, I enjoy the idea of packing up a lunch, grabbing a stack of water, putting on some armor, taking my shotgun and seeing what I can find out there. I've been playing on Navesgane for a little bit now and I have a pretty good idea of where all the major things are without needing to reference an online map or anything. Even then, I keep stumbling upon encampments, houses and other POI that I forget exist. It's an exciting experience when you legitimately don't know what you might run across on one day of exploring.I would go into more commentaries on the mechanics and nitty gritty of the game, but there are already tons of reviews that do that much better than I ever could. This review is just an honest opinion of my experiences with the game thus far. Hopefully others will find that the game might be worth their time and money to do a bit of exploring with :)"
,Recommended,251570,29119878,Posted: 8 January,all,Dr. O,"One of the most immersive games I ever played. To give an example: I found myself systematically looting a hotel, checking every single room hoping to find human turd in the toilet that I could use to make fertilizer for my roof garden that I started on an abandonend old gas station.Also, if you ever found yourself playing Rust, and thinking ""I wish there was a game where I could build bases, loot cities, hunt, survive, farm, craft, ... WITHOUT NO NOLIFERS COMING TO BLOW UP MY♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH THE C4 THEY GRIND 24/7 WHEN I AM OFFLINE LIVING MY LIFE !!!"", then 7 Days to Die is for you. It's a great PvE survival game for co-op or solo fun. It has PvP, but I didn't try it, and I am not going to. PvP in survival games attracts the most cancerous scum players of society.Some say 7DTD has been in early access forever. Well, whatever. Just look at gameplay videos from 3 years ago, and look at current ones. This game has come a long way, and the devs are working on some really cool stuff. Don't believe me? Check dev blog. This game is not dead, and it's not going to die anytime soon.Also, the devs are not greedy, you get a complete game for your money with built-in detailed character customization. Building customization is also coming. You get all of this without no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC. Playing Rust, being a white dude with a small♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you really wanna be a black chic with monster boobs? Garry doesn't care. You get RNG character bound to your steamid. In 7DTD you can be anyone you want."
76561198113309009,Recommended,251570,24641756,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Blodgett,"Fun game.  In early stages of development.  Challenging to play, until you get the hang of it, then it's pretty easy.  After your character is maxed out and your base is built, there's not much else to do in this game at that point.  Each major update comes with new fun things to try out.  Game needs to add more content such as quests or missions or some type of long term goals that make people want to come back to the game over and over."
76561198077273108,Recommended,251570,30353199,Posted: 6 March,all,BOT McCree,"Day 1: Little cabin by the river coming along.Night 1: Moans heard in distance, no contact. Sit huddled in the dark waiting for the moans to stop.Day 2: Come across a few slow ones. Pick them off with a bow & arrow. Loot bodies and build a second floor to my cabin.Night 2: A moaning visitor appears, bashing down my front door. A spiked club to the face quiets everything down.Day 3: Cabin complete with a nice catwalk that overlooks my front door. Now I'll see them coming!Night 3: They're running. Front door breaks down but catwalk door holds out. Live to fight another day!Day 4: Dug a trench around the cabin and filled it with spike traps. That should do the trick!Night 4: Trench did the trick!Day 5: Defenses are good enough, time to focus on getting guns! Built a forge and scavenged for extra food to stock up for a long night.Night 5: Trench still working out with my bow!Day 6: Forge completed and makeshift gun crafted! They won't stand a chance!Night 6: They didn't stand a chance!Day 7: Stocking up on ammo and other supplies. Got some blueprints but not enough materials to craft any of it.Night 7: Trench did not do the trick. Apparently spider zombies are a thing and my catwalk was a nice ladder to my face. RIPAll in all, a good game. Even if it has been early access for a while now, I consider it well worth the money when on sale for $10."
,Recommended,251570,16383324,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[VSF] Migel,"-Built a little house-Saw and Airdrop-Got to the airdrop and got a broken sniper rifle and ammo-looked around and saw a westernish town nearby-looted some buildings-saw a building with a gun safe, it was behind concrete walls and iron bars-Used my axe to get in trough the roof-Got a book about guns, a .44 magnum with 36 shots, a 9mm with 15 shots, and some weapon parts-starved to death because I couldn't get out.11/10 Lets you do what you want and face the consequences"
76561197961259071,Recommended,251570,25822075,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,NsF|AllPro,"Hello, Normally I do not write reviews, but in the case of this game I feel that I should due to a lot of negative reviews based on someone's opinion on how a company should operate not on the product the produce. So I have 500+ hours into this game and the Devs are always updating and adding new textures, systems, items, just all around improvements. If you have any doubts and think that it's just a money grab look at how active the Devs are on the forums. All I can say is that with the amount of money they are asking for this game if they stopped updating it tomorrow and just fixed some of the small bugs that A15 has. I would still buy this game in a heartbeat. Also back to the note at the top I see no signs that the Pimps are planning on ditching the PC community for the Consoles. Honestly now a days we PC users get crappy Console ports, this game is like a throw back when Consoles got crappy PC ports."
,Not Recommended,251570,32261015,Posted: 7 June,all,Mitt Zombie,"Prior to the last few months I would have highly recommended this game and had highly recommended it to all my friends. I have purchased Eight copies of the game and have gotten countless people to purchase the game (I run a large minecraft community and converted many of them to playing on my 7d2d server). I am heavily invested in this game and as stated heavily support the developers (The Fun Pimps) until recent events.7d2d does its builds in large patches rather than many small patches due to many of the updates requiring players to restart their maps. It is currently on its alpha build 15 about to enter alpha build 16. Prior to getting into why exactly I would avoid purchasing this game, let me give an honest review of the game and why exactly I had previously loved this game.I am massive fan of the theorizing zombie apocalypse scenarios. This game allows you to live out many of those day dreams in that the entire world is breakable and buildable. If you are familiar with the ideas behind minecraft then 7 Days to Die will instantly feel very similar. There is something very special about finding a house out in the woods and fortifying the windows, and sitting on the toilet all night praying that a zombie out in the darkness doesn't detect you. For an open world sandbox game the amount of magical moments that just send electricity racing down your spine is really something commendable.As with all early access games it isn't without its flaws, Zombie pathfinding is horribly buggy. Furthermore once you reach a certain level of game knowledge ""cheesing it"" becomes very easy and zombies become nothing more than an annoyance that threatens to damage your base every 7 days.The last comment I'll make on the actual content of the game can be both seen as negative and positive. Base building can be obscenely grindy and can become a massive time sink. If you got plenty of extra time and you want something to occupy you then its perfect. However if you don't want basebuilding to become a full time job then smacking rocks for hours can be extremely dull.For recent events that has led my overall opinion to shift from positive to negative the current build of a15.2 has been out for 4 months and a15 itself came out over 8 months ago. 7 days to die initially launched on steam early access in 2013 after a successful kick starter campaign in which they raised over $500,000 more than double the amount they asked for. In the kickstarter they said they expected the game to be done by may 2014. Well here we are in 2017. 4+ years in steam early access.https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/7daystodie/7-days-to-die-zombie-survival-gameSure things take time and the argument can be made that they drastically underestimated time needed and we should be thankful that they supported the game this long etc. Problem is that haven't met their many of their kickstarter promised goals. I am now of the opinion that they intend to keep this game in early access for as long as people are still buying the game and when the revenue stream dries up the project will be abandoned never to be ""finished"".To get into the current drama and issues; as previously stated it has been over 8 months since a content update to the game and several stated release times have come and gone. it is expected for newest content patch alpha 16 to be going live sometime soon. The issue becomes apparent in that The Fun Pimps decided that rather than realizing oh hey we really dropped the ball in releasing this in a timely fashion lets get this out to our supporters ASAP. Instead they elect to try and turn this into some kind of marketing scheme releasing the update early to streamers to try and promote the game by generating hype. Naturally this received a lot of negative feedback from the community. Rather than realize mistake many were banned from the forums. Furthermore the Lead Dev goes out of his way to insult the community saying that they haven't done anything to deserve access and that you have to earn access to early access.https://7daystodie.com/forums/showthread.php?52805-Developer-Diary-Alpha-16!!!/page1171&p=643641#post643641While the game is pretty fun in its current alpha15 I simple cannot recommend anyone purchasing this game and financially rewarding such poor behavior from The Fun Pimps."
76561197976988052,Recommended,251570,34451861,Posted: 23 August,all,Excel,"Disclaimer: I played mostly offline with no internet and Steam does not reflect that.With probably closer to 1k hours into this game under multiple playthoughs as a solo character and as a team with my wife. I would fully recommed this game to anyone interested in the survival genere.It hits every point for it, but with the hordes that come every 7 days, as well as the roaming mobs that you have to content with, it sets the bar high for playability with emphasis on survival.You dont just battle hunger, thirst, enviroment, but also have hostile npcs trying to wreck your crap constantly. That to me sets this one apart from any other in this genre. I worked for days(IRL) building a nice base with all the details the game could offer, only for a roaming horde, and a 7 day horde to work in at the same time. After a whole nights battle and using all my ammo, weapons, health kits, i still died. After respawining, I was so scared of returning that I built a new base in safer spot and then went to remove stuff from my old base. It wasnt needed to do such a thing, as I could of just went back, but the shear terror that I felt during that horde was enough to put me off and rethink to the side of caution.If a game can make me feel that, then it gets a high rating in my book.10x2/10x2 = Would inadvently seek terror and death, then more terror again."
,Recommended,251570,26589882,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rosíe -íz-,"This is one of those games where you will need to give it some time. Honestly, while the game has gotten better over its many patches and alpha updates it still will look horrible on most computers. The normal human will look and think ""err, my eyes! What ... errr"". But don't be put off. Overall, this game is 7-8/10.Before going into anymore detail, I've played this game for around ... 800 hours as of writing and have played since alpha 5 or something (old ... very old). I've played mostly PvP but I've also played a healthy amount of PvE and CoOp.My computer specs: i7 3.7ghz 8core CPU, 980 Nvida graphics, 16MB (good speed which I cannot remember) RAM, installed on a SSD. (5 months old)So, the good:1. You can spend hours ... and I mean hours loving this game. From when you get in and start raiding your first NPC town while mumbling &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥its nearly night! (when they run) to the trantilising moment when you finish off a gigantic base. This game is close to a MMO but its fast past not horribly grindy (though it has bits)2. The PvE. Its good! Yer sure the zombies are a little dumb, but they are getting clever and they are zombies! I expect them to run into walls. You are gunna die, you are gunna run and you may even scream if you're like me and the bees (Why are bees in this game!!!). Assuming you don't join a overpopulated server the zombies are all over the place and they can creap up on you without too much trouble. At night its worse, if you're like me and you don't sit in a base dropping axes (you don't wanna know) then you will be out at night a lot and the zombies can outrun you (until higher levels) they hurt like hell and they are tanky as bricks sometimes.3. The skill system. Its skill system is second to none ... well kk that isn't true but its good.  You gain exp from most activities (hint: killing zombies is the best now) The exp you make will become levels as any normal system at which time you get 5 skill points to spend. There are hundreds of skills and this is where most of what makes you a ""stronger player"" will happen. Do you level up a skill that makes you be able to run for longer, get better loot from scavenging or hit harder with a club? One makes you less likely to die while trying to escape, one makes you more likely to find something to shoot with and the last means you can kill your attacker as if this were season 7 of the walking dead!4. The PvP. Where the game shines and dimes the most! PvP is what this game was built for in manys eyes. Tactically stalking, scouting and then raiding somones base is fun, scary and rage worthy if it goes wrong! Defending is also fun and can often be mind games with the enemy.Now the bad:1. The lag. Sigh ... sigh ... sigh, yes ... this game has all the above and A LOT more good stuff, but damn does it lag. This can be solved moslty by good server admins and a 3rd party system (which most servers used) called CBSM which can be used to limit and kick players with high ping (high being 150+ ish). You get use to it after awhile, but don't expect this game to be smooth. What to expect: Generally lagging gameplay, skips here and there, ""that didn't hit me game"", ""Goodbye bike"", ""That zombies just teleported""2. The glitches. The general theme of the ""bad"" is bugs and glitches. Mostly the same as the above ... This game can be one hell of a gltich fest. ""I just died from nothing"", ""Where did my gun go?"" , ""Where did I go?"", ""What is this fps lag?"", ""Why can I not build here?"", ""What is that ... omg , thattts not right ... zombie ... err"". ... You get the picture. This game has many a bug.3. The cheaters. This one isn't too bad, but there is a bit of cheating in this game. Mostly glitch releated. Duping of items is beyond easy and many do it. Sometimes its hard to blame people but most of the time its plain cheating. ""kk well my bike just zoomed off into the nothingless bit .... I'm gunna cheat it back"" VS ""This server looks fun! Lets zoom around it like superman and kill everyone in 1 shot before blowing up their bases""4. The developers. Yerp, while they are making a good game I would be lying if I said they don't have some issues. Most of the playerbase plays this game on servers of 15+ people and enjoy doing so. However, the developers have openly stated they want the game to be played on a max of 12 people and seem to care little about lag and fps issues in regards to higher population.To their credit though, the updates are not all too spread out and often come with many new/improved items and mechanics of the game. They seem very detached from the game they're making but ultimatly seem (somehow) still good at doing it.TL;DRGreat game that you can sink many worthwhile hours into with good first-time scares which you as a player learn to adapt to. Good PvP, PvE and CoOp but can sufer from horrible lag and gliches."
76561197999172691,Not Recommended,251570,17190441,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Grim George,"This game is like a roller coaster - it has many ups and downs.For me, Alpha 9 was this game's zenith.It worked, it was good looking and there were minimal game breakers (but quite a few dupes).The crafting grid was useful, and recipes readable if you knew them.Biomes didn't really blend but they were all there and functional, flowing beautifully with hilltops and cliffs and flats and random islands in giant lakes. Rivers existed and wound their way through landscapes randomly. It felt real.Hordes worked, coming and going as they pleased. They consisted of a good mix of zeds and followed sort-of predictable patterns.End-game content was (and still is) pretty limited, but there was always stuff to do.It didn't take weeks in-game to be able to look after yourself and there was no absurdly long list of recipe gates preventing you from doing fairly simple and intuitive things. For the most part, if you had the resources you could do it.To survive, all you really needed was a good, defensible location and a determination to make it yours.Everything else you could find underground or a short walk from the front door, past your huge walls and defensive spikes.Some people didn't like this mixture of easy to learn but harder to master. I loved it and I sank hundreds of hours into A9.A10 came along and 7DTD changed a little. We got a heatmap. Spider zeds became scouts that came when you did too much cooking or forging and they brought hordes with them if you didn't cap them ASAP. That was the biggest change. It didn't ruin the game at all, it just meant your defences had to be even better. You could still take care of yourself and play the same way (mostly).Everything else was still pretty good, I even got my feet wet in online MP and discovered things like vanishing trees and new defence ideas. I sank hundreds of hours into A10 too.Then... the rollercoaster passed its apex and started heading down when A11 was launched.The world switched to Unity 5 and, I think, became much uglier. Terrain became difficult to navigate and felt much more rigid. It didn't ""flow"". Rivers were dead straight, cliff-sided and always divided biomes. I could be wrong, but I think this is when devs also added biome blending. This on its own wasn't bad except they also added fog and biome effects. The fog was everywhere, in my house, outside my house, underground, just everywhere. It was ugly and unnecessary. It was like they turned the atmosphere dial past 10 and broke it ... and left it broken. Some biomes became nearly impassable at all times of day with dust and fog in the air all the time.The devs also introduced dog hordes on day 6 in the 7 day cycle. Why? I don't know. I just knew that without warning on day 6 you would find yourself assaulted by (sometimes) 20+ dogs, usually being mauled to death if ill-equipped.Speaking of ill-equipped, the devs also introduced item quality into this build... and the much-maligned forge-gate, Forge Ahead.Great concepts, but hamfisted implementations.The game became tedious in the first week or so. Your choice of play style was taken from you. You now HAD to survive by looting, because unless you found Forge Ahead, you couldn't do anything. You couldn't even replace your supercrap stone tools with supercrap metal tools that broke almost as quickly.You HAD to go into caves to find randomly allocated ores.You HAD to do all of this with utterly crap tools and equipment before ridiculously oversized dog hordes found you. The game became 6 days to die and the rollercoaster sank lower with every hour I played. I devoted significantly fewer hours to A11, but I did get back into MP just before A12 came out.Speaking of A12...The devs introduced a great sounding RGEN3. A poorly working RGEN3. Biomes became dictated by height and rivers vanished. Most of the world is desert (which is now THE place to be) and everywhere else is full of bears. In my first few spawns on literally THE easiest, most bludgy settings that still involved zombies I died in under 2 minutes. Most times involved getting eaten by a bear that I spawned next to, the other one that sticks out to me was spawning in the middle of a city and getting eaten by dogs as soon as I had left my ""safe"" bubble.I then turned off zombies and found the game to be marvellously enjoyable. I still had bears everywhere to worry about, but the sheer number of game-limiting recipe gates didn't bother me. The fact that I now had to grind for 2 in-game weeks to even find Forge Ahead or another recipe for anything/everything remotely useful wasn't such a bad thing.The paucity of biomes other than desert is thoroughly disappointing though. The rapidity with which heighmaps change can render entire biomes (like plains) mere metres thick before the next biome up (forest) appears and then disappears into pine forest and snowy pine forest. The game world is a mere shadow of its former A9/10 self.I am pleased to say, however, that the devs have tweaked the item quality system and you're now endowed with less-crap crap tools at the start. I hear you can still get eaten by dogs on day 6 though. Unfortunately, in truth, I've become so disillusioned with this game that I'm yet to make it to day 6 in A12. It just isn't fun to play now.Also, my minibike keeps vanishing when I open/close the chassis for the 2nd time. That really annoys me, given the amount of resources one must expend in order to craft it in a vast, sparse and depressingly depressing desert.Yes, the rollercoaster is going down and picking up speed.The devs have also heralded further un-fun-en-ing (unfunnening?) with the announcement of their intent to remove the game's core crafting grid mechanic and replace it with a list based crafting menu thingy that sounds like shattered dreams and sweaty, sleepless nights (not the good kind).And so I must say with much regret and a stabbing feeling where my heart was... I do not currently recommend this game.A13 UpdateMany things have been fixed, and many things have changed.The most noticeable is that the world has multiple biomes again and they're expansive. As for gameplay?You're extra slow, the hunger and drink bars are gone and have been replaced with a VERY brief popup of percentage remaining and you get chills and cold and the like.Everything must now be harvested.Zombies don't die like they used to, they stumble around and soak up excess ammo because it's hard to know if they're dead or not. They suffer some stagger and knockback but generally only with the 2nd or 3rd hit, so you usually get hurt in melee.The devs were correct in saying this plays like a completely different game - a worse game.I have to stand by my red review. This game is still a shadow of its former self, A9/10.Speaking of which, if A9/10 was released as a standalone I'd buy it and I'd tell everyone else to buy it too. A13? Not worth it guys.  I'm deleting it and if I could I'd ask for a refund."
,Recommended,251570,14158643,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Knez Psychovich,"I'm a grandfather and have been gaming since Pong.This is the only game I've ever played in my life that actually scares me.I stayed up all night playing in my basement and when my roommate said ""hi"" in the morning on his way to work, I literally jumped out of my skin.Its absolutely horrifying, yet I can't stop.It reminds me of the first time I saw a George A Romero film in Junior High."
76561198005957515,Recommended,251570,15218214,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Xeransa,The zombie horde is after me...I run as fast as I can but my stamina is gone now...I don't spot the cliff edge in the dark...I land badly and break my leg...I splint my leg and hobble on my base is not far....I make it back to the base and close my steel doors....let's see them break through that...I sit in the corner and listen to them banging on the door...my spike pits have killed a few I can hear the screams as they perish....I'm safe now...I hear a new noise....a scrabbling noise coming from a new direction...they are digging into my base...I have to escape through the back way...I manage to elude them...I head for the hills....I can see my base from here...they are all over it looking for me....dumb zombies....I hear a noise behind me....a growl...another....another....I turn round to see a zombie dog pack...Based on actual events.
,Recommended,251570,15578033,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sexual Dinosaur,"Day 1: You cry the in the corner of an attic, while eating dog foods.Day 240: You are eating venison stews like a king in your impenetrable fortress.jk Nope, Day 3: u broke your leg, walking limp, then shred to bits by a pack of dogs.and all that in HD now"
,Recommended,251570,13749934,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Duck_King,"It's easy to dismiss this game as another zombie game in a horde of zombie games, or another Minecraft clone, however, this game takes the Minecraft formula and replaces it with something a bit more intense.  The graphic system has come a long way since the alpha video shown on the store page, and with a group of friends, this game is tons of fun building a secure base, forraging for food and supplies, and raiding bombed out cities.  I really can't wait to see how the final game is going to turn out.  The devs have done a great job adding content and quickly squishing the more severe bugs as they come out."
,Recommended,251570,12966955,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Avuthless,"After few tries i decided that i need to build a fort. With a ditch around it. So i had to dig a ditch... I made a lot of dynamite, positioned it where ditch had to be and detonated it. It took me whole in-game day to kill all the zombies that i lured with that explosion.After i built my fortress in desert biome, with deep ditch and spikes inside, with two outer walls and reinforced cement building in the middle. I thought i am now immortal in this game.I did hear some zombies though... Constantly somewhere... Oh well, all the walls are allright so this zombie must be stuck somewhere.It took me almost a week to finally understand where the hell this zombie is. Unfortunately it was not just one zombie, and they were not stuck. They have digged away my mountain and this fortress of mine fell apart on itself with everything i had and killed me. When i returned there was a huge pit with zombies left...All this building all these resources are now gone... And i have to start from scratch. I was so proud of them though (zombies).Best game there is. Shooter, slasher, FPS, building game, simulator, you name it. I had never had any other game that ""drew me in to play"" like this one does.P.S. I did not build this fortress alone though. I have built it on my private server with my wife. Surprisingly i never thought my wife could enjoy zombie slasher. She does though. And she does it extremely well for an amateur. So i guess you could try offering this game to your girlfriends, wives or female collegues too."
,Recommended,251570,15786106,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mighty Joe,"7DtD is a work in progress, it's true. And, as such, it still has some bugs, though not that many in my limited experience. And the rumors are true: it's an ugly game, mostly. I'm not here to give an in-depth review, however, I'm here to tell you why I like this game and why you should give it a chance.To give you just a taste, imagine if you combined Minecraft with DayZ and got rid of the terrible community of snarks, hackers, and griefers (DayZ players, you know what I mean), all while fixing the zombies so that they not only work, but work smart instead of hard. Yes, at times I can't help feeling that the same people who did the art for Killing Floor had something to do with this gem, but think of 7DtD as the one who can't coast on looks alone who instead tries hard to bring something to the table besides inane meteorological commentary. If 7DtD has anything, it's brainzzz... No, I'm serious, it's a smart game with smartly done zombies.Imagine playing minecraft in a world without the blocky style (or the odd beauty that accompanies it at times), where instead of laughing at vanilla zombies you run and sneak and generally fear for your life because they are ""coming to get you, Barbara..."" (sorry, I had to... the flying turtles made me). Imagine a world where you choose between Romero or 28 style zed, where said zed can smell if you're carrying  some rabbit or deer meat on your person, where zombo can hear you searching that house because you broke a window to get in and then had to break into a fortified area to get at the safe you spied between the boards over the doorway, where the walking dead might be easy one on one, but damning and deadly should you not stay on top of your game and get cornered by a horde, where you never know what the game is going to throw at you next because although some things remain predictable, those things seem refreshingly logical and limited.You take down an infected nurse and find some medical supplies. You search a car and find some auto parts. Medicines are where you'd expect them. Guns are where you'd expect them. Food and supplies are pretty much where you'd expect them. You're not going to find a wolf carrying a sack of gold or a rat carrying bits of materials for you to use in crafting. Sometimes, a town will have a pharmacy and be full of rare medical supplies. Sometimes, a town will have a weapons supplier that has nothing left on its shelves. Sometimes you'll stumble into a snowy region or a fallout zone and find some unusual things. Sometimes you'll feel the game is unfair, but it's up to you to set your boundaries because, like Minecraft, you can set the game to creative and enable cheats if that's the way you want to play it. Run from those zombies, or fly, the choice is up to you. Either way, I've solidly enjoyed my brief time in this game and I urge you to consider not skipping it even though you may feel that you've killed all the zombies you could want to kill in one lifetime.My one qualifier on my recommendation is that you should factor into your decision whether you will be able to play this game with friends because, like Minecraft, it's perhaps most fun when it's done with people you care about and enjoy spending time with.Thanks for reading. Hope to see you in game soon."
76561198067002281,Recommended,251570,29437609,Posted: 22 January,all,Myantro,"Easily one of the best Zombie/Survival games in my opinion. If building & fortifying your base to be zombie proof didn't sell you on this game already let me go ahead & tell ya that that is just the tip of the iceberg. With so many different features in this game there is never a dull moment. Between the walking zombies, running zombies, red moon zombies, dogs, bears, bees & lets not forget the players. There is a thousand & one things out there trying to kill you... So ya best keep checking your back because it's not safe. Unfortunately you are going to need some supplies if you're going to survive the horde that comes a knocking every seventh night. So keep mining & looting them abandon buildings and maybe juuust maybe you might feel safe within that little tiny base of yours presuming you know how to build & fortify like a boss!"
,Recommended,251570,22923704,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,GMO Freedom,"I bought 7 days to die for myself and a friend in a Post-Final exams splurge.Accidentially pulled a 24-hour gaming session. Barely survived zombies on day 14 tunneling underneath our base, forcing us to go out into the night.It's almost needless to say that this game has captured my attention and my heart.tl;drI wholeheartedly recommend this game, even though it is in alpha.This is my list of pros and cons, as of 5/12/16:PROSAmazingly immersive gameplay.Incredible diversity of crafting options.Scavenging feels intense and exciting.Power-gathering materials is immensely rewarding and oddly calming.Good balance between realistic and simple mechanics forVast options for difficulty settings, not just in terms of combat, but also regarding death penalties, loot rarity, Length of daylight, in-game time compared to real life time settings, and much more. You'll never feel that this game is ""too easy"".CONS/STACK OVERLOAD/STACK OVERLOAD EXCEPTIONDOGS, MAN. If you get an unlucky spawn and find yourself being chased by dogs before you have at least a level 100 bow, you're dead.Melee combat needs tweaking for hit detection and range, ESPECIALLY on multiplayer.Ranged weapon aimpoints need adjustment (not aligning with weapon).Rare Glitch: Corpses disappearing immediately after killing zombies.Occasionally, Enemy Pathing leads them to eitirely avoid"
76561198050393679,Recommended,251570,14121842,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,NM,"As of late 2014 and up I hereby proclaim this a sucessful Early Access Title!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Long have I waited to play a proper zombie survival and this game has filled my ever longing need for a zombie base defence type game.When playing this game I have went through 5 major stages so far:1. ♥♥♥♥ yeah! My gravel hut is amazing!2. R.I.P. gravel hut3. Alright, I have just built a proper wooden structure with a spike defence that stops them from immediately ruining my base. Exellent!4. Grind it up, because my next base is made out of reinforced concrete and has a decent spike defence, which will prove to be nearly impenetrable.5. Now time to sit back and watch my success unfold before my eyes when hordes of zombies fall before me without having to lift a finger.This game will reward your knowledge of the game and challenge you by exploiting your weaknesses.Then there is multiplayer, which I can assume is a significant raise in difficulty to counter player inteligence.Anyways, thanks for reading my not very entertaining, funny, or in-depth review of the game. It's just one of those reviews that I aim to help better the name of this developing masterpiece."
,Recommended,251570,28380579,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DamageInc.,"The Best of the Best in Early Access Zombie Slaying ,with the introduction of alpha 15 , 7 days to die has taken on a new life .with the plans for alpha 16 its only going to get better .pros:completely destructable and reconstructable world .variety of enemys each with their own uniqueness .crafting system .expancive charector skill sets .cons:been in alpha for years .few bugs pop up now and then .the wife hates the hours i get lost in game :Pone of my favorite games in my library .so much so we retain a private pve server just for the family and friends to play on .looking forward to seeing what the game will become when it finally reaches full release ."
76561198048498046,Recommended,251570,13559007,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sheg0,"At first I was confused about how to do... anything. But then I realized it was like Minecraft. I love Minecraft.If you enjoy crafting a sh*t-ton of things, being chased by rabid dogs, undead naked men and sexy nurses, and hoarding items like a crazy person, you will love this game."
,Recommended,251570,16230000,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cog_Zeplin,"This is the best zombie game I have played so far.  I own several of them, but none of the others offer such easy of play while maintaining a challenging zombie experiance.  I just love this game."
76561197977820099,Recommended,251570,25896060,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lizzard,"Not enough of this is usually said about games that are actually doing OK, so here's one. Keep it up Pimps! :)I played the game years ago in its earliest builds; it was a train wreck. For all the complaints the game gets now, people would have had a stroke if they had played it back then! Zombies spawned on your head and blocks were these wavy things that never lined up the way you wanted them to, giving the entire game a sort-of Tim Burton feel, cars blew up if zombies walked on them and you could find a sniper rifle within the first 5 minutes of playing at times.Years later, you'd be amazed at how much progress this game has made, especially to others in the genre. This is my ""go to"" game when comparing others I play to it and I don't think people fully appreciate everything this game brings with it, to the table.For one, the graphics are good. Not great, but definitely not bad, especially for a non-AAA title. You could basically run this game on a potato (like I initially did) and still get a great gaming experience out of it.The crafting is a step above most and/or has kept up with what people expect it to be and has definitely been made better over the years. I somewhat recall the earlier crafting to be a bit of a mess. When they ""dumbed-down"" the recipes to incorporate bulk items such as generic ""wood"" instead of half a dozen versions of wood, it felt like crafting became a lot more intuitive.Terraforming. This game has it, many do not. There may be lots of titles out there, but a lot lack the basic idea of manipulating the ground to do as you like; dig, pile, etc. A lot of games that are out lately do not have this simple feature, which is a defining point in the game for a lot of players. Just keep in mind that everything you walk on, in every random world you generate, can be dug down, through and around... and not just by the players.Block physics. Combined with the above. If you've played this game long enough, it comes as second nature... until you try another game. You'd be amazed at how much feels as though it is lacking in games that don't have these fully implemented physics.Atmosphere, atmosphere and atmosphere! From the music at the title, to the wind-swept pine forests on mountaintops. This game oozes atmosphere out of every pixel. The zombie models might not be as varied as some major titles, but when you're getting your face gnawed off after you step through a broken window of a book store, you'd be hard pressed to complain about the variety of the zombie eating your face off that second! The sheer ""Oh SH**!"" moments like those, make this game something you can't easily forget.Mod-ability is a major key to the game as well. With access to the game's files, you can change many of the game's features to fit your play style. For every update they make that you may not like, just go into the right file and change the value back to something you prefer. This makes many negative features of updates people may not agree with, more bearable as you can simply change them back to something more agreeable.Finally, this game has a reason to it. It has a driving purpose for you to play it. It has a reason you NEED to make sure your base is  up to snuff. It has a reason to make sure you have researched the recipes you need. It has a reason to make sure you explore the areas and learn and scavenge what you can - the 7th day hoards.You will die. When you first play the game, you will die on the 7th day. This isn't a threat or a challenge, this is just a fact. You will think you're tough and you can handle anything this game throws at you, until a few dozen ultra-aggressive, insanely fast zombies come to tear down every inch of the structure you though was unbreakable. And then, every 7th day after that, the zombies only get more difficult.This. This one feature is the one reason you will keep playing the game. Other games have some great base building features in them, but eventually, they lack a threat. 7 Days to Die has some great base building in it, but it will be along and far down the road before you can safely say, the zombies are no longer a threat. In the back of your mind, everything you add to your base will be about ""Will this survive?"" which is something many games in this genre only leave to your imagination, but never put to the test to the same degree as this one does.GET THIS GAME. Whether you have never heard of it, or own every single survival game out there, GET THIS ONE. This will be the only zombie/survival/base building game you will ever need to have in your Steam library. I just give the others in my Steam library a quick little pity smile every time I pass my mouse cursor over them to start this game up..."
76561198001151065,Recommended,251570,13564406,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Panda Cheeks,"My first impression was lackluster. I expected another half-hearted pseudo-sandbox with pushover survival mechanics. My expectations were way off mark.1) 7DtD has one of the most comprehensive crafting sysmtes I seen, even in building within the world, with many tools that provide a variety of benefits and a plethora of resources differing by biome that alter the way you manage your survival. The world is fully detructible, being able to dig and mine (with some decent physics) as well as destroying parts of the landscape (or cityscape), thrown in with many gatherable items for survival purposes.2) Survival itself is key and is directly tied into game play. Managing your hunger and thirst will determine not only how long you will live, but more nuanced features, like stamina and wellness. There are many resources available to satisfy both survival mechanics, but you have to manage them well to maximize their effectiveness, and you have to gather them without dying.3) Zombies are no joke. Even during the day time, if you're hammering on zombies with your crossbow, all it takes is for one not-so-noticeable zombie to flank you, and you're dead. Taking hits from zombies can detriment you in several ways, including bleeding, infection, and being temporarily stunned.At its stage in development, this game is already basically a fully-fledged game, and it only continues to get better with bugfixes and additional content. 10/10"
76561198103478128,Recommended,251570,19355905,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,almightypmj,"First of all let me state that this game is still in Alpha, not the final release, not in Beta, but Alpha. So understandably, there's still a lot more content that the developers are planning that have not yet been implemented (such as Mods, NPCs, story/plot, more types of animals, character builds/personalization, many HD models, and much more). That also means that if there are bugs, glitches or pereformance issues that you have complaints about, depending on how critical it is the developers will get to it eventually and release sub version patches (alpha 13.1, alpha 13.2, so on and so on).Now that that's out of the way let's move on.As of V12.5 (literally days if not hours before the release of Alpha 13) after you ""create"" you're character/profile you start out in your underwear in the middle of nowhere with nothing but a bottle of water, a can of food, a torch, and ..... I forget what else, but it's not much.You have a certain amount of time in this starting safe zone (like 5 minutes or something) to procure the materials that you need in order to create your starting survival gear/tools before the zombies start to spawn around you. Collect grass to make grass pants, collect cotton to make cloth armor, some grass, some sticks, and some rocks let you make your first stone axe, some grass and sticks make a bow, and with some feathers, sticks, and rocks/metal scraps you can make some arrows. It's not much, but it will at least allow you to defend yourself.You can see a list of what you are able to craft as well as what materials are needed in your menu, and you can learn recipes for other more advanced items by finding recipe books.Currently your crafting qualityand skill is determined by your level, but I think when Alpha 13 is released it's being changed to a ""use it to improve it"" system. For example, the more you use/craft bows the more proficient you become with them and you can create better quality.You can customize a lot of your settings/gameplay options when starting a game, but in a standard game the zombies walk slowly during the day and run during the night, so you'll probably want to take the oppotunity of your first day to make your basics and then find some kind of shelter to hide in for when night comes (a cabin, a cave, or even dig a hole in the groud and cover it back up from the inside). You also want to be careful about creating noise and heat (chopping down a tree, firing a gun, cooking food in a campfire) that will attract the attention of zombies.The random generated maps are currently infinite in size and come with many different areas to explore called biomes (dessert biome, forest biome, snow, swamp, plains, etc.) and are blended together very well now, so there's not any noticable borders between them anymore.I could go on but this getting a bit long winded alredy, so I'll just let you figure the rest out for yourselves. I highly recommend this game, and it has been a blast seeing all the changes and new content as it has developed."
,Recommended,251570,21613367,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Is Scared of Spoons,"Pros:- Fun with friends- Game with great potential- Defending your newly created base which you need to save from hordes is exciting- Customisable difficulty- Can get crushed by falling trees- Nightime can be described in one word : NOPE- Can find guns in toilets- Gravity is a thing when it comes to building- Lumberjack zombies are bricks with eyes- Watch out for bears too- Character customisation- The red barrels are disaster waiting to happen- Building frames are pretty neat, so you can plan out buildings- Metalworking in the forge is a cool addition- Leveling systems are always fun- The map is really big- Plenty of towns to lootCons- Zombies have unlimited reach- Doges are the endgame boss- Desync issues on 7th day- Weather is a bit unforgiving- Occasional lag issues when hosting a game with friends (can reach 50000 ping somehow)- The bow sometimes obscures your aiming view- Grinding... so much grinding...- The deer animation is a thing of wonders- Early game is hard, late game is too easy- Not a fan of the recipe books (can't even make the majority of items unless you luck out)- Zombies always know where you are- The sheer number of white towers that appear in the distance- The multiplayer models are quality (too many problems to list)- The stuns are just plain unfair (a zombie hit you? STUN, cant move, get slapped by 100 zombies, die)- Why is your food/water stats hidden away?- I'm sure there are many more that I can't rememberOverview:Honestly I enjoy playing this game but my friends can't say the same. If you can look past the amount of bulls**t this game has to offer then buy it to your heart's content.Zombie dog/ 10"
76561197995355610,Recommended,251570,25885337,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,onur,"Another Lazy review of some random guy (for SP):first of all this game has- crappiest graphics of all times- tons of glitches- some minor problems here and therebut this game also has :- immense depth- countless possibilities and motherload of potential- big updates often (alpha 15 stable added 1gb just today)- extreme realism and player unfriendly hardness- highest replay value and playabilityso screw you some jackass downvoters, i've found no falsity nor medicority in this game. great game by any means but be prepared to die a few dozen times at the beginning.A note from the future: at the day of my review the game had an enormous update and graphics and drawing distance got better relatively but still needs a a lot of work; especially combat."
,Recommended,251570,25738061,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,UncleGamer,"The premise of this game results in a great co-op, team player event. While the game can be soloed the real fun comes when you play with a group of friends. The mini server approach means you can have your own server and allow PVP between a group of players that you trust to not try to ruin the game for others. Or you can have your small group play PVE and try to survive in a world gone mad.The game is a blast, find a group and have some fun."
,Recommended,251570,23730636,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Badworm,"over 3000 hrs played and still loving this game. The game never gets boring, so much to do"
76561198124011162,Recommended,251570,14768444,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Magz,"I truly enjoy this game. Only downside to this game it is a little hard to play alone. I dont play alone now but when i first started an trying to learn the game I felt like i wasnt able to learn bc i was dying ever five mins from other players. so if you get this game start on a easy server with little to no ppl.Now also prepare to spend alot of time on this game, it takes a long time to get everything going for you. I know once you learn the game, it wont take as long to do things because you'll know what to do an where to find stuff.HIDE YOUR STUFF WELL! I cant say that enough, now while i have robbed ppls bases when they were no longer online i do know the feeling when you log on an all your stuff is missing. It sucks. So hide it. Behind a wall or floor or be sure to landclaim the crap out of your place. bc trust me they will get in. landclaim or not. <-- hide those as well!Waiting on alpha 11 atm, so by the time you read this my thoughts on some of the game have been fixed or are no longer a problem. Please please please keep in mind this is an alpha game. that means its not finished so you will find things the glitch out. thats norm for a Alpha Game!Its an open world, so pvp is going to happen. doesnt mean every person will kill you but most will. I just killed my first person the other day. not much for pvp. an the pve servers still have ppl who pvp. its just a game.. get over it.So as nice as someone sound keep in mind they might kill you an take your stuff. Not all but most.I recommend you an a friend to play an start this game together, its more fun this way. also maybe watch some starting out video on youtube. they can help. Wiki helps too. Not every server is right for you, so you could start on one server an have a nice set up, but then you find one thats evern better. look at the bright side of starting over. you can fix what you messed up on your last house to look even cooler.Sorry kinda ranting. But this game is really fun. just have to give it time to learn how to play an then your set."
76561198095746138,Not Recommended,251570,33557589,Posted: 15 July,all,[NI]Dongers( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I wouldn't recommend this game in its current state. The newest update, Alpha 16, has caused some major regressions and bugs. The new spawning system added sleeper zombies that appear in buildings, or points-of-interest, to be awoken by player activity. This system has introduced bugs that cause zombies to spawn in rooms that the player had just recently cleared or are in the process of clearing. To the player it feels like zombies are appearing in front of or behind them. This has obviously become very frustrating for the community.The newest update also added a poorly implemented game mechanic for attracting zombies to player created light sources. Instead of using occulsion (the degree of light exposure) to attract zombies to a light source, the light sources crudely attract zombies using a heat map. This causes torches and candles to attract zombies even if the light source isn't actually visible to them (i.e. through walls). This detracts from the immersiveness of the game because it doesn't reward players for making hidden, well designed bases. It simply punishes them for lighting their bases.The premise of 7 Days to Die is great and the idea has so much potential. It promises a Minecraft-like voxel base building and crafting experience that is rewarding to creative players, but it also offers a PvE experience that is brutal enough for your average player to voluntarily want teamwork with others (rather than PvP). Honestly, it's unfortunate that shortcomings in its implementation are holding it back."
76561198116220943,Recommended,251570,24593580,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,vaflininis,"Selected a PVE server so I wouldn't be blown to tiny pieces by people.Got set up gathered a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of resourses.Got bored of having decent stuff and living in a hole in the ground.Looked for an island.Found an island.Destroyed the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking sand area to make it look good.Placed a fence and some spikes around it to avoid zombies.Invited random new people in the server to join the island.1 week later there are 12 people living in the island with everyone having a house.Call it Republic of Island.Raid towns/cities with 2-3 dudes with mallets for fun.Now since A15 is coming soon and a server wipe is coming, we as a group are mass producing TNT and blowing up everything in sight!It can get boring on your own in here, but the PVE multiplayer servers are friggin awesome!   Also there are PVP servers that are a different type of fun ;)"
,Recommended,251570,8581240,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Crispy Liquids,"This game really puts into practice so well the concept of survival, scavenging, crafting and buildling - I really recommend it if you like this. Think about fallout 3 with zombies, hunting, and building/renovating a place of your own. Set in a post-apocalyptic landscape, the constructions players can set up are equally representative of a post-apocalyptic environment.If you heard of project zomboid, well if you ask me this is exactly that but better; the annoying needs are removed, the game plays fluently, the environment is already less buggy, and your freedom is more obvious. The crafting system is worked out very well as well: the game lists everything you can make with your inventory. When you choose something, it shows the shape but not the materials. Fill in the correct materials and you now know the recipe; so no need to fill it in yourself next time: just click what you want to craft (like in terraria). No need for a wiki indeed - great!"
76561198095194540,Recommended,251570,14457786,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Miss K,"I've never played a better early access game than this one, It has so much potential and is definitely worth the $25.I would recommend 7 Days to Die to anyone that enjoys open world survival games.Over the 85 hours I've played this game I have never come accross a bug or glitch, this has surprised me tremendously and continues to impress myself and friends.This game has a lot to it and continues to add more things to occupy the community and multiplayer servers, however, after you make your perfect base, have immense amounts of food and water etc it can become boring and repetitive at times.I do believe that as the game develops many more things will be added and that feeling will be no more.So my personal thoughts on why I would recommend this game-Updates: The Devs are frequently updating this game.Bugs: Hardly found and when they are they are quickly removed.Community/Servers: Many friendly people, easy to team up with and assist others.Crafting: Crafting is one of the many things that make this game impressive and enjoyable, the crafting system is unique and has various amounts of recipes.Would I discourage you to get this game? No not at all.This game personally has definitely earned its place on my favourites list.However please be aware that is game is early access and you may come accross bugs, errors or other things that may effect your gameplay but if your okay with that go ahead and buy it.You won't regret it."
76561198114916909,Recommended,251570,15121935,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dehlicious,"Day 1 : Spawn at desert, Walked from burnt forest to the snowy forest. Found a lovely gas station to hole up in. Zombies go ballistic at night so hid on the roof.Day 2 : Clean up the messDay 3 : Run for miles for an airdropDay 4 : Supply runDay 5 : Fortify the gas stationDay 6 : Run for airdrop but lose itDay 7 : Sit at the roof, staring at the perfect base. When a giant horde of running zombies came smashing into my gas station. Shot every arrow and bullet i had but it wasnt enough. Roof collapsed and i, together with the zombies perished.Day 8 : Spawn at desert"
,Recommended,251570,27214793,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vigilante,"This game just keeps getting better and better and it is still early access,A must have if you love survival games."
76561198008051414,Not Recommended,251570,11093793,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Marshael,"I love this game but the offical Steam Forums for this game are being run by tyranical facists.  Red Eagle LXIX is banning people for absurd reasons, he is also removing posts that he does not like.  I hope TFP are aware of people like Red Eagle who are abusing their moderator privliges on their behalf.  As long as free speech is being silenced on the Steam forums I will continue to post bad reviews of this otherwise good game.  I will continue to speak out to whoever will listen...you cannot have a free and open discussion of this game if Red Eagle continues to beahve this way."
,Recommended,251570,33031608,Posted: 30 June,all,Mister Deeply,This is a fun game to play together with friends!If you like:-Zombies-Open World-Crafting-Surviving-Base Building-Base DefendingThen you should definitely buy this game!!
76561198008499033,Recommended,251570,13346293,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,omega.male,"Remarkable and Outstanding.I have played many sandbox games, and this one sets itself from the rest.  I feel like I am in ""The Walking Dead"" when I'm playing.  The new 10.3 has just arrived and gives me more of a reason to post this.Give It a shot, it is worth it."
76561197970823311,Recommended,251570,30282440,Posted: 2 March,all,ETplayer,I'm not gonna waffle on about the game. Only say that for me it's one of the best games I have ever played. If you are even slightly interested in survival type games this will give you many hours of creative and sh!t the pants moments. On sale the game is an absolute steal. Buy it!
,Recommended,251570,30774546,Posted: 27 March,all,Ghorgron,"272 hours and the eager wait for Alpha 16 brings me to this review. Hands down the most fun i've had in any game ever. Scary as hell, last time i got a scarelike this was resident evil 3, I was like 15. If you enjoy survival games this is it, if you want to build a home of your tasting somewhere in the world and defend vs hordes of zombies or hide underground from other players then this is for you.BUY IT NOW!Thanks for the great game and i cant wait to see what changes the new patch will bring."
76561197991394048,Recommended,251570,25397806,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,andrewplay599,"I have fallen in love with this game. I like the skill tree for leveling. Its not nearly as grindy as rust is presently. Going solo is quite hard but can be done, But you can also play with your friends. You can adjust this game to anyskill level you prefer so it is always a challenge for you. It also has awsome building mechanics, I love the fact that you can dig underground to mine, build a base or a tunnel. You can upgrade your buildings to try and withstand the hoard. The hoard comes every seven days. They get harder every time. This gives this game its unique survival aspect. I would say that this game was a good buy for me. I hope you find it as enjoyable as I have."
,Recommended,251570,29734092,Posted: 5 February,all,DC,"So, I hated this game at first, it was janky, had ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, and terrible performance, I bought it a long time ago put it down after playing it for a bit and didn't touch it again for over a year. One of my friends got me into it, this was because we were playing Project Zomboid, and she loves 7, apprehensively I tried it.I booted up a dedicated server for it, and as far as servers go, installing it with steamCMD, opening a couple of ports and changing 2 files, and you're fully customised, launch it from the .bat and you're good to go.One thing I did find that was odd, when setting your steam://... url for your website you have to +1 the port for the link to work.Now as far as starting on this game goes, you're gunna have a bad time, everything is covered by skills, from your damage, to the loot you find. You'll need to figure the skill tree out pretty fast if you want to be able to at least survive with something that isn't like hitting the zombies with a 10"" rubber♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The tutorial covers the basics but it only has 8 parts to it, and as far as I've seen in the option menu, you cannot turn it off, so if you're starting a game after a couple of playthroughs it may end up bugging you.So, the weapons come in your standard colour grades - with each tier doing more damage and lasting longer than the previous. I can't really see why you'd want too many melee weapons on here because the zombies are numerous and hit like a brick to the face. Ranged as far as I've seen it where its at for survivability. You can find a nice range of weapons in towns and military camps - however if you pass a bookstore in game make sure you go in plenty of schematics for weapons and tools within.After finding these schematics you'll need to find weapon parts to assemble a weapon, each weapon part has its own wear and grade which will give you a combined level and wear on your finished weapon. I felt this is a very pleasing aspect because it will allow you to upgrade your weapon as you go. But ammunition, this took me a little longer than I'd like to admit. To craft ammunition instead of reading a book like we did with the gun, you select and purchase it from your skill tree...? I don't get it either.Building woo, it's like a more intense gory Minecraft! No, building became a bit tedious and long after I'd built just a very small♥♥♥♥♥♥shack. Make your stone axe, go farm some wood, then you need to craft wood frames, build the start of your base, go and farm some more wood, then use your axe to build the blocks up. This felt quite long compared to most games, which isn't always a bad thing, it makes you take care in what you do. However, time is of the essence in 7D2D, at night zombies run, which means they're a lot more dangerous at night - so building a house and trying to defend it on your own isn't always the most enjoyable thing in early game. I feel they made up with the length it takes you to build, with the variety of what you can do with the blocks available to you.Now location, we played on 'Random Gen' ended up with a nice seed, the map feels huge, like it takes ages to go between cities which is awesome. But on my first spawn, I spawned on a tiny island...Now, this wouldn't have been the worst thing to happen to me, but you swim SO ♥♥♥♥ING SLOWLY o.O it was painful my first half hour was spent struggling to get to land. But following the roads on the way to the nearest city is nice, enjoyable, doesn't feel too repetitive.Over all after my initial distaste for the game and its graphics, the improvements and tweaks the developers have put into this game have made it a worthwhile purchase, the fact I've done 25 hours in 3 days speaks for itself, I'd happily recommend it to any group of friends who want to play it, along with any solo masochists. I would happily pay £18.99 for it again.If any of you new players are looking for a server to play with us onvisit our websiteor just add me on steam."
,Recommended,251570,18735927,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GameDogLP,"Alpha 13 was one of the best updates so far and I thank you Fun Pimps, but please don't make us wait 4 months again. You said, February, you have 1 day. :P Obviously I'm kidding."
,Recommended,251570,24676197,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheFriendlyCommunist~~,"7 Days To DieIt's amazing. And here's why.7 Days To Die is an atmospheric survival sandbox that offers such a unique feeling that it's actually refreshing to play. It wouldn't be fair to compair to other survival games, but comparing it to other early access titles, it delivers with frequent updates(good ones as well, not minor text fixes.).Never have I been more afraid than when I was scavenging a small farm before nightfall, only to realize that it's almost ten P.M and that the zombies would soon start running after me. Being so scared, I took refuge in a tool shed, closed the door and hoped to wait it out(alive.). Nope.First I only heard many footsteps rummling through the grass, after that, it became scarier. The zombies started tearing down the walls of the shed and the sound of it made my bones shiver. I exited to the main menu, and went on to waiting for my friend to get in game.ProsGenuinly atmospheric game play, really makes you involved and keeps you on your toes.Everything is buildable(within gravitational reasoning of course, unlike Minecraft's no gravity logic.), and everything can be destroyed. You can even dig down, which I love, personally.Game has been massively optimized since it launched and I can't help but love the devs all the more for it.(At the start, getting barely 20 FPS on low, nowadays, getting 40-60 on High settings.)Constant fear of hordes, or anything else that will kill you.ConsSound can be a bit dodgy, you'll hear something walking towards you and you'll turn around and see a zombie cc.50m behind you. Can be helpful, but just adds to the stress.There's character customization, but I can't but feel it's lacking at the moment. Not like it's a big con, it still doesn't affect the game at all. I would just personally like a bit more choice other than haircut and hair colour.Minibikes are relatively new to the game, but are still a bit dodgy to use. Nevertheless, still a great addon.In conclusion, if you're a fan of open world sandbox survival zombie games, and are wondering if this is just another early access game that will ♥♥♥♥ you over.No, no  it won't.Get it, you won't regret it.Preferably get a few friends to play with you, might get lonely in the wilderness."
,Not Recommended,251570,33849058,Posted: 27 July,all,chimosh,"I do not buy early access games anymore because of games like 7 days to die.Not because I hate it.But because I hate the business practice. This game was released in 2013. Its 2017 and still in Alpha, with no end in sight. At this rate this game looks to be in a constant stage of change, the developers vision seems to not be focused.This is the problem with too may EA games. They never seems to have a end goal.7 days to die has sold about 2.4 million copes of the game on steam alone. The company has made well over 30 million dollars (not including xbox sales). Yet they are unable to deliver any type of end results.Yes the game does get updated, but at this rate, it will be in a permanent state of Alpha.Keep your money. Stop spending money on empty promises and ""ideas"". Support games on release if they are good.Early access has become cancerous to steam.As for the game itself, its fun, the building aspects are strong, the survival aspects are solid enough, but the AI is woeful."
76561198078307207,Recommended,251570,16732365,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,attitude258,"I've enjoyed all my time playing this game. So much so that I will write my one and only steam review.I will only speak of general gameplay and not really of game features.  You can find those elsewhere.I only play SP and without the harder settings (e.g. zombies always run) enabled so there is even more gameplay to be had. I also only play on randomly generated maps which are infinite. You define a seed value to generate these maps. There is a standard map to play that I've never seen. =PThere are minor bugs in this Alpha build but no real gamebreaking bugs. The Fun Pimps are on the ball and do what they can to fix those even though the focus is on content (Alpha = content, Beta = bugfixes). I don't think I've ever had a CTD with this software.-Crafting is good and fairly complex. Quality in crafting is linked to your level. Loot is available at any quality level.-Structural integrity is a thing and does make you think about your basebuilding which can be massive both below ground and above. You are limited to about sixty meters below grade before hitting bedrock and much more above grade (if it doesn't collapse!).-Combat is varied with the different zombie types and rely on appropriate tactics. Firearms are great to use but turns you into a heatscore. Sometimes it is better to run away.-They have what they call heatmaps. Crafting, cooking, building and killing creates heat which attracts zombies. Heatmaps do cool down after awhile though so you do not have to be a nomad and continually wander the map.It can be a little frustrating at the beginning, starting off with nothing until you level up a little (stamina mainly) and start collecting gear. Pretty well everything is gated behind finding books to learn from. Those are randomly generated so unless you find a bookstore, you could be a while on your own without decent tools to work with. This varies gameplay a great deal.At this point, XML files are open so you can customize a fairly decent amount of the game and create content. Mods are being made already(!) considering the game is still in an Alpha stage. You are also allowed a wide range of options to click on when starting a new game so there is varied gameplay without editing XML files. This ranges from easy street to impossible.The ONLY thing that I dislike about the game is you are allowed a maximum of four hour days (one day compressed into a four hour period) and the standard gameplay is a forty minute day. Gameplay is not linear between the different time periods. Everything is centered around the forty minute day so you will have to eat and drink a lot more with an extended day period. With a four hour day, gameplay is easier because of more time to loot and build between the incoming zombie hordes. Even this is not really gamebreaking but it is a little weird.I do recommend this game. Even if they stopped development now, I've gotten my money's worth. Alpha 12 looks to be awesome with even more content planned down the road."
76561197960447880,Recommended,251570,8531685,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Foxtrot,"The Game is only at Alpha 5 stage, lots of things still left to be implemented but as it is right now, it's very promising if devs get it right. The idea of crafting and building 'Minecraft style' is really appealing and addictive, on top of all the usual, seek for food, water, hunting, buidling your shelter or underground bunker it's all up to you to do anything you can to survive the night because when the sun is down, hell breaks lose as zombies will become super-aggressive '28 days later' type horde of them trying to get in and have a bite at you. It's really scary.I really enjoyed it."
76561197976780918,Recommended,251570,22172857,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dracknar,"I tried out various games in the survival genre before finding 7 days to die, and beyond a shadow of a doubt, this game absolutely nails it!I have spent so so so much awesome fun time in this game with my mates.I have been happy to rent a private server for us all to play on for the last year and a half, and have done so consistently.Still fun after many many hours (too many? NEVER!).Frequent updates from Dev's, and its always great to see what each new release brings.Even if it stopped being developed today it'd be a good game. I look forward to seeing what the future brings."
76561197970875686,Recommended,251570,31783663,Posted: 16 May,all,Draknar986,"I love this game.Starting off it may be a bit confusing.  Coming into it from a Minecraft mindset (or other pre-conceived notions) can make it difficult.  I would highly suggest watching tutorial vids online first to help ease things.)I'd also suggest looking up how to modify your ""entityclasses.xml"" file to stop dropping items when you die (why they took out Drop: Nothing from your game settings is beyond me, but you can easily comment out one line and do the Dev's job for them).Once you get your bearings, *then* you can go back in for a more challenging experience.I'd also highly recommend checking out some multiplayer games.  In fact, click the ""modded"" tab, and sort by # of players, and try out a public server.  Best fun I've had.  Make sure to check the server settings in the right pane at the server selection screen.  (""Drop On Death: 4"" is ""Drop Nothing"", fyi).Find a server, check out their website, and learn their commands.  There's some awesome stuff you can do!Best of all, the player community is great.  For a survival game, I was expecting players like from Rust, DayZ, Ark, etc., who are the lowest pieces of scum you can find outside of government.  However, 7 Days to Die draws a lot of great people, and the top servers are usually PvE forced servers.  They will definitely elevate your experience! Participate in chat, say hello, ask questions.The best comment I can make to encapsulate why this game is great is this: Do you remember the first couple nights in Minecraft? Punching trees, and trying to get some food and shelter to survive the night?   Imagine that, except *now*, when you become super powerful, with huge bases, designing that epic fortress with a moat of death traps actually has a *purpose*, instead of just being eye candy or to keep out the one skeleton trying to shoot you with arrows.  (The weapons and combat are much more satisfying as well)."
,Not Recommended,251570,25371014,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,zerowise,"Devs would rather use the PC gaming community as a wallet to fund their console versions than finish the product we funded in the first place.Let me clarify this review since so many people seem to think that the game itself is an excuse for poor and shady practices on the part of the developer and publisher:7 Days To Die is a great early access game, as it stands now. However, development has already been rather slow, something that those of us who actually own the game have dealt with patiently. I know, it's EA. That isn't a ""get out of jail free"" card like many use it, but it does inform how harshly you judge bugs - which I have been very gentle with. I've paid for 9 copies of this game for family and friends. I like it a lot.However, the recent announcement that they would be pursuing console versions before even making it to the beta version is ridiculous. If you lot are happy funding something that will slow down progress of the product you paid for, and has nearly always resulted in a poorer product (speaking of PC-only games vs. 'consolized' games) then that is rather confusing to me. Why do you want the publishers spreading limited resources around instead of focusing on finishing the product that provided the funding in the first place?Furthermore, a great many of you seem incapable of reading. I know that the Fun Pimps are not the ones making the console port. If you guys honestly, truly believe that the console money came from nowhere, and the PC userbase that has provided almost the entirety of the funds that the Fun Pimps have isn't were the money came from, I have some of the most beautiful oceanfront property you've ever seen for sale in Kansas.The community for this game is so toxic (and I didnt even mention the hacking problem the online has!) that I've had to lock my Steam profile to stop the annoyance of spam and harassing comments.I am now deleting any and all comments on this review."
,Recommended,251570,15702053,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,OwNaGeV2,Great game. Would recommend this to anyone that loves a zombie survival crafting game!
,Recommended,251570,9050194,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Mr. H,"What you will see under this review is ALOT of bad reviews... but you know what?This game ROCKS! I mean the controls are a little clunky but its a Early Access gameNOT a finish product!!! -ahem- Now that I've gotten that outa the way I'll sharesome Pros and cons of this game with you !Pros:Sandbox world!!Lots of Weapons to make or find!You can set the zombies to different speeds!!Different kinds of Zombies!!SO many more things are coming in future updates!Realism! (You have a Food AND Water meter that you need to watch at all timesbecause it influences your stamina directly!)Cons:When the Zombies die sometimes they glitch out.Sometimes you can partially clip through half blocks.Currently there is only one map (however they're working on random generated ones.)Zombie dogs!!!!!!!! (The only reason they're on here is cause they annoy me,there's nothing actually wrong with them.)So yeah most of the cons are only there because its an early access game!This game is well worth your time if you like sandbox games! It's actually worth the buy."
,Recommended,251570,29648670,Posted: 2 February,all,Patroll,"If you ever thought of trying out a survival genre but hate dealing with trolls, toxic community in general and defend your base 24/7, 7 Days to Die is a way to go. It's a zombie survival, open world game, heavily PvE oriented with flexible difficulty settings, great for both solo and co-op. Player's goal is to survive each week that gets progressively harder by fighting zombies and by scavenging wide variety of items which increase survivability and allow to improve your base. Speaking of bases, it's a requirement that you build one and keep improving its defenses if you plan on staying alive as during the 7th night, a horde of zombies will rush at the player. Staying alive is the ultimate goal, however dying isn't a definitive ""game over"". You only lose your stuff which can still get picked up and a bit of wellness (health + stamina) which is gained by consuming top tier food products. Sadly, that's basically it and it gets redundant over time. Hopefully the developers will come up an actual goal like Mojang did with the Ender Dragon in Minecraft, like e.g, waiting for a rescue chopper or building/scavenging aircraft parts to fix some sort of aircraft and get away before the 7th day or whatever... Gotta keep in mind the game is still in development. Currently it's really fun to play and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a singleplayer/co-op survival genre game.Cheers to Bacon-Snack for this gift <3"
76561197997859147,Recommended,251570,17328565,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ammrulz6,"OH MY GAWWWWWDDDD.  This game....This GAME....This game is so frustrating, it's fun.  or maybe it's so fun that it's frustrating?  New players beware, for this game gives ZERO F's about newbies.  If you still have the zombies on at ALL, death awaits you within minutes.  Oh you finally got yourself a nice little hut goin on? DEAD.  Oh you think hiding behind that building is safe? What's that? You think you see the sun rising? BEAR WILL♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU.You get to the point where you really are running from the zombies and you see a broken down car in the distance. ""Do I have enough time to scavenge for some potential goodies?""  *looks back.  sees 2 dogs and 4 zombies not far behind*  ""♥♥♥♥ NO IM OUTTA HERE!""This is a big kids game.  Hiding in a corner in some house will NOT get you through the night."
,Recommended,251570,22091788,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Rhainé,"Loved this game since early alpha 4 and watched it grow and change in the eyes of the developers and their fans!Lots of their community have tried to chip in with ideas to make the game what it is today and they are still trying new things to make it even better. Remember this is still in alpha stages so dont kick their♥♥♥♥♥so hard if you dont like it!Anyway, from my experience, this game is amazing at keeping you busy, on the harder difficulties you're constantly looking around for the zeds and constantly trying to figure out your next move, theres little time for luxury because surviving is not as easy as it sounds! BUT. When you've set yourself up, and you're confident you can defend yourself... thats when you can truely give no F**ks.Building the most inpenatrable base possible is easilly the most time consuming thing ever, but by far the most fun!Watching a wave of zombies die in your traps and minefields is amazing... Panic inducing if a feral zombie somehow manages to break his way inside... I'll leave that to you...Play on multiplayer servers?... You have your own version of ""The Walking Dead"" ... Playing solo or just with friends... Well, i have 560 hours playing and with people i've never even met!You either love it or hate it... But before you dismiss this game try and survive a week without being eaten alive... It really grows on you!!-Considering i sound very biased ill list some of MY pet peevs on this game1) They tried out a new minimalist User Interface which im not 100% sure i like yet... again looks like they're testing stuffs2) It can be VERY difficult to survive on a bad spawn and especially when you're new to the game!3) Zombies sometimes make no sound.. and you can be hit and killed without even realising they're there!4) Performance can be a peice of S*** if you have a lower end PC if you tend to ""max it and forget it"" make sure u have at least a GTX970 and some sort of hyperthreaded i5 or 8 core AMD, an SSD would help too! (high ram would be good as there are some memory leaks!)5) Crafting has a ton of bugs sometimes and hotfixes sometimes introduce new bugs, (not 100% sure on A14 yet)6) Unbalanced crafting in somecased, you'l understand in game after a few hours..7) Dogs.Really do reccomend this game to any survivalist... It kicks the s**t out of Rust, DayZ, H1Z1 and those other games (so far)"
76561198191796835,Recommended,251570,31210120,Posted: 17 April,all,littlet13,I have over 2800 hours in this game  i have played since alpha 12 its good and getting better
76561197987152970,Recommended,251570,13682185,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Conga-Line Bob,"7 Days to Die is a very fun game and is going to be an amazing game when the developers finish all that they have planned. Currently gamepay consists of gathering resources with which to craft and build. If you need metals, coal, potassium nitrate, and that sort of thing then you mine it. If you need wood you chop down trees. To get weapons, recipe books, and any of the other items you may need you will typically raid major cities or towns that are zombie packed.There isn't much more to it right now aside from gathering the toys you want, things like SMG, Chainsaw, Auger, Sniper Rifle, or Rocket Launcher and then building your base up to survive the massive feral night hordes that want to eat your brains.HOWEVER, the devs say that their inspiration for this game came from Fallout 3 and Minecraft. They want to merge the two worlds. What's planned is NPC's featuring quests and storylines to follow, vehicles, metallurgy, electricity and generators, and a full blown living world of NPC survivalists to interact with.This is one of the best co-op games I've ever played. The zombie shrieks and growls will send chills down your spine as you and your friends feverishly repair your damaged structures as the zombies break through. You will feel an immense sense of accomplishment after you construct a worthy defense structure and successfully fend off a zombie horde.My background in games is Eve Online for 10 years, some WoW mixed in, and I love open world games and strategy games. This game does a good job of satisfying my need for killing, surviving, strategizing, and progressing.The only downside to this game, IMO, is that this game doesn't have intentions of being a full blown MMO. The game is on player owned servers with a maximum of about 64 players. This game could be the best game ever made for me if it were an MMO. But this is a great game, with one of the best communities i've ever been a part of, and a development team that's dedicated to making their dreams become reality in the form of a fantastic game that you should own!!"
,Recommended,251570,12431052,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,s n a f i t z e r,"EDIT: 3 years later and this review still stands, the only difference is now I have nearly 800 hours. Well worth the money for the time spent enjoying this game.Truly more satisfied with 7 Days to Die as time goes on. A rare thing for early access,I have followed this game since early development. This game has came leaps and bounds above what it was before.A true masterpiece in the ""Sandbox"" genre. Highly customizable difficulty keeps the game challenging when you become a veteran of 7DTD.The development team really keeps their word on what they are going to implement. A rare thing in Early Access as I have come to learn. I've had fun playing this game for a long time now. Nearly 200 hrs logged ingame.Truly the only Early Access game I feel more satisfied with as time went on.Thank you The Fun Pimps!You guys really do pimp out the fun! =)"
76561198010925293,Not Recommended,251570,33841951,Posted: 27 July,all,giKoN,"In it's current ""stable"" version it is ridiculous to be sold as ""multilpayer game"". A countless number of bugs make this game unplayable - even for player's who have grown to love it with several thousands of hours. As admin or owner of server's you dedicate all your time to trying to fix the stuff the developpers couldn't or don't want to. On top of that, for reporting those bugs you get faced with ignorance. The develoopers clearly show a lack of taking advantage of a great and helpful community. Even the fixes to the easiest codes which are proposed and set in place by server owners and administrators are not taken serious by the developers.If you are playing solo, you will have around 100 game days of pleasure, if YOU know how to make use of custom fixes for the bugs to stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombies from running around in circles. After day 100 you can expect additional bugs due to additional items and zombies unlocked which are causing further issues with the gameplay, corrupting worlds etc.Do not buy this game right now."
,Recommended,251570,22137982,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,☣Chaos☣,"- Feeling sad that there is no zombie apocalypse in real life?- Ever wanted to build awesome fortresses and dig secret tunnels, if only it didn't involve physical activity or going outside?- Wish you could shoot people in the face, take their stuff,and then blow up their house?Then 7 Days to Die might be right for you.Please consult your priorities before playing.Side effects may include:- Laziness- Weight gain- Insomnia- muscle atrophy- Desire to loot toilets and throw poo at people"
,Recommended,251570,18182612,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Drinkfist,"- 7 Days to DieThe Fun Pimps somehow founded a company with that name and gave us a really fun survival sandbox game that is pretty surprising considering what they are trying to do and what they have actually done. Probably the best PvE survival game I have ever played with the looting, random gen, building and zombie hordes being some highlights. I always want it to be harder and better because these guys are really on to something. They somehow combined elements of Fallout with Minecraft with Zombies. If you haven't seen the game recently give it a look now because it is starting to take some serious form."
76561198013502425,Not Recommended,251570,20346251,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,kermit,"This review is based on Alpha 13. And for the direction the game has taken in this iteration, it is getting a thumbs down. I have little hope for this title to change direction in the near future, since it seems to stand to reason that the devs will be looking to ""wrap up"" after 2 years of Early Access.What I expected of the title when reading the reviews and watching the user generated videos (mostly based on Alpha 12 at the time) was a game focused on survival, base building, making your base self-sufficient in terms of resources, and finding creative ways to hold off the hordes. It's a voxel based game after all so I expected a good amount of creative freedom in base building and trap designs.I had multiple hours of intense fun figuring out how the crafting, survival and horde mechanics work on randomly generated maps as well as the standard map. Once I got the basic mechanics down, I started a new game on the standard map intent on surviving and outsmarting the hordes for as long as possible.Thus started the disappointment. I could do nothing like the creative base building I've seen other players do on Alpha 12. Turns out Alpha 13 introduces a skill/tool quality system that is preventing players from having fun. You need to invest ~15+ hours of repetitive grinding first, and that's if you know what and how to grind, before your character starts to get abilities that allow you to even start considering building something like a halfway decent moat.Basic building, resource gathering and looting is all terribly tedious when starting out. You need to do all of it to survive. There is `no time` to dig out a half way decent ditch for your base, let alone a fortified moat.After you survived long enough for the character to acquire all the gear and skill to actually build something interesting, you're way past the point where the game has become boring and has plateaued for its lack of content.There's also little incentive to try and build something interesting any more, becase once you've internalized the design principles of this game during your time climbing the learning curve, you'll realize that this is not meant to allow for 'interesting' outside of 'creative mode' a.k.a god mode.Which is one of several problems with the design choices in this title:Your base is supposed to be vulnerable, in the sense that you can't effectively wall off or trap zeds. The walking lumps of flesh will degrade and destroy every conceivable material in good time. Forged iron spikes, steel, concrete. All will disintegrate in time. And way faster than you think it should. Zeds will dig and claw through solid rock. So if you did follow through with your moat idea, you'll realize that once Zeds have fallen into it, they'll start digging tunnels under your fort until it is inadequately supported and collapses. You can place spikes at the bottom, but they won't help as much as they should.And by the time you can conceivably dig a moat deep enough to have Zeds actually die from fall damage onto said spikes: you actually can't, not with all zombie types, not while keeping the ability to effectively maintain your spikes at the bottom, and most importantly not within your first ~20 hours into the game.My problem with the above state of affairs is that it prevents experimenting with base and trap designs. There is only 1 or 2 effective base designs in Alpha 13 if you're playing single player. Everything else is either too maintenance heavy, so you can't go scavenging and resource gathering, or simply does not work well, because it is overcome by the zombies too quickly and too easily. You'll likely find out the hard way. There's too little viable choices in effective base design. Not in single-player anyways, where you have to rely on the passive defenses to do the bulk of the work, because you can't be in multple places at once.Along the lines of 'your base can't really protect you' design, which is misleading for new players, there is no way to actually be creative beyond static bulding. That's right, there's no moving parts like gears, levers, pressure plates etc. So you can't even build a retractable bridge, because well, that might actually be effective as a means of holding off the horde or building effective traps. And that would be cheap wouldn't it? So we can't allow it.Another badly executed aspect of the game is the randomly generated loot, that also depends on 'level' (griding time) of your character. That's right: skyrim-type leveled loot. Also the aspect of 'knowing where to go looting to find the stuff I need' is largely under-emphasized  vs. 'just being lucky getting what I need' or 'having looted 1000s of containers to finally be worthy to find something in good condition'. For example: on my first game, I found a chainsaw in a car around day 5. Needed gas to operate it, but it was awesome for felling trees and getting the Zeds off my back. In another game, I've not seen a chainsaw or any of its parts yet. Found 4 diagrams to build one through. And I'm well past day 100 with the game plateauing after day 49 where you'll see the strongest horde. Some more vital diagrams the RNG has not seen fit to grant me neither. So I was not able to craft leather before day 104, nor was I able to make steel or cement well past day 100. And that's after I started concentrated raiding sessions in all directions to finally get these books because I wanted to see what the game would have been like if there were more deterministic ways to progress in the technology trees, and what the benefits of the advanced materials were.Another issue are the item durability and quality systems. If a real world iron shovel disintegrated as fast as it does in this game, you'd need 4 of them to just dig out a latrine. But the fast breakage has a purpose: it allows you to grind your tool smithing skill by making a new one. And just 500 shovels into the grind, you'll be golden, achieving the level of quality on it that you had in pre-alpha 13 from the beginning.The 7 day horde spawns near you, and knows where you are at all times. Full on GPS Zeds. This is different from regular wandering hordes that get attracted by activity like burning fires and making noises. Those need to spot you. The GPS Zeds on the other hand have an all-knowing tracker on you. If the pathfinding code finds a way to your character the Zeds will follow it. If it does not, it gets as close as it can, and starts clawing at any blocks roughly in your direction. No way to outsmart, trap or outrun them. You have to kill them all before they wreck your base entirely. Currently there is one way to avoid it: dig very deep down and make sure the tunnel entrance is far away. The GPS Zeds will congregate just above you on the surface, and with the tunnel entrance far enough away, the path finding will not see a way to you. The Zeds cannot dig down vertically, only to the sides. So here you just stay put for the night, and once daybreak comes and Zeds lose their running ability, you go up and wipe them out. That tactic is the only way to be 'smarter' than the horde. And of course is considered an 'exploit'. There used to be more options for horde management in previous alphas. The Zeds' nightly running ability was hampered if they entered brightly lit areas. But the devs removed that.Character limit is kicking in, so wrapping up: much potential, too limited player choices, vital progression behind RNG, no end-game content, last alphas moving into tediousness and grinding instead of content. Not expecting it to recover."
,Recommended,251570,21037892,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hattrix,"The game as it stands RIGHT NOW is very enjoyable. There are bugs and some issues, but even so, my 5 friends and I are really liking the direction. Let me explain:We host our own private server so my review doesn't take into account anything about that.1. It's a good looking game and runs very well on my i7 + 8bg ram + Nvidia gtx660 OC2. There ARE some graphica glitches, but not game breaking. Sometimes my prone, dead body will be what everyone sees even though I've respawed and am running around. Meh .. once I jump or climb it fixes itself.It get progressively harder as we've been alive and progressing. The 25+ zombie hordes that come at us on a blood moon can be dealt with, but they're still dangerous.3.DEVS !!!!!!!I REALLY like how the clothing works in regards to body temp. GREAT concept but needs to be tweeked. Clothing needs to have  hot/cold properties. For example... The bandana should NOT make me colder while in cold climates. It's covering my skin and helping to keep body heat in. If you want to make it -2 in hot climes because it keeps the beating sun off, then that makes sense, but then it needs to be +5 for cold areas. I think ALL clothing should have dual temperature properties.4. Zombie animations are excellent! We can tell...for the most part... the type of zombie by it's movement/silhouette and sounds. Love the localized damage. Headshots ROCK!5.DEVS!!!!Can you make the TRACKING for friends permanent. I have to click the box every time someone logs in and out. That checkbox should be persistent.6.DEVS!!!!Schematics/RECIPES ... please show a tooltip/hover over tip for recipes that tells whether or not I've read it. Inventory space is limited and we need to quickly see if we've read that book or schematic so we can drop it to pick up something else.7.DOGS SUCK ... just saying.And I mean that in ""AHHH, 3 dogs have spawned and I'm screwed! They're fast and dangerous!!"" ... keep up the good work.8. BEARS!!! .... freaking awesome to tap a bear and watch them come running and then slaughter the zombies for us! LOL SWEET!9. Would love more Forged Steel tools. Pickaxe is the only one, but a shovel and better axes should be the progression of tools.This is a deep game, creative crafting and building/upgrading. Decent combat vs zombies as a pure survival game. Just kill them quick..nothing too outlandish. You're trying to survive and this is basic survival.Yes it can get glitchy / buggy, but it's a blast with friends.Keep up the hard work!"
,Recommended,251570,28215864,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,EleventhOcean,"Combines my favourite parts of Rust with my favourite parts of Minecraft.  Lacks polish, but I've definitely gotten my money's worth.The best way to play is to set up a server and work together with some friends to survive the ever-increasing hordes, but solo survival is definitely a fun challenge too.Don't be put off by the Early Access label. If PVE survival crafting is your thing, there's plenty of value per dollar here even in its alpha form. It might not be finished, but it's a ton of fun as it is."
,Recommended,251570,17423011,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BorschtBoy89,"This game is amazing. It is the #1 survival game on Steam in my opinion at this time. It combines the building modularity of Minecraft, with the crafting of Day Z or Rust. The survival aspects are well done and you really do have to keep your well being in mind while you play, rather than it being an occasional annoyance like many other survival games. Looting is very fun and there are enough items that you don't feel like you see the same stuff over and over for quite some time.There is as good mix of low level crafting (1 item into another) and high level (Multiple items crafted together to make a new one). You can really make a good base and there are many options for entrenching yourself at a location. You can even build a little motorcycle and explore way easier! This game truely morphs over time and you go from a shivering, naked husk of a person to a badass apocolypse surviver in a strong base who can do almost whatever they want. (But still feel a severe threat on the 7 day attacks!)Every week (7 days) you will be swarmed with a massive attack of zombies. This really changes how the game flows compared to most survival games. So many other games get boring after a few hours when you cap out your tech tree, but the progression is so detailed and varied, and these attacks so intense, that you never quite feel like king of the mountain for long.Really, the only complaint with this game is that the graphics are not great. The player models, right now, are very ugly but you cover up with armor and that actually looks cool. This game will also get a lot of updates over time, so you may not want to get in on this until more releases come out, or the game releases.Definitely recommend, and once they nail down the random world generation and some optimization, this will be an amazing survival game for a group of players!"
,Recommended,251570,14907884,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,PeteTheFatPanda,"It was the middle of the night. The light of the full moon poured through the gaps in the boarded windows, setting a sense of calm about the place. The shack that Dave and I had spent a few days building and fortifying stood strong and sturdy. We hadn't had much trouble from zombies during construction and fetching supplies, just a few stragglers here and there. The only thing is however, I didn't know whether that was a good thing or a bad thing. A very bad thing.A stag roamed past our shelter this morning, so quick to spring into action I aimed my crossbow at its rear, and pulled the trigger. It tried to run off a few paces before collapsing to the ground. I approached the stag cautiously making sure no zombies in the nearby area had heard its screams of pain and come to catch an early lunch. I pressed my knife into its throat and yanked hard down to its abdomen. The warmth of the beast reminded me of home. Home, before everything was so ♥♥♥♥ed up. Snuggled on the couch with a blanket watching the Walking Dead wondering what life would actually be like if a zombie apocolypse were ever to occur. I guess i found the answer to that one!Wrapping the Venison steaks in leaves and putting them in my backpack i headed back. On arriving Dave was boiling water over the campfire in a cooking pot. Placing the steaks down by his side i noticed him wipe away a tear and swallow his sorrow. Normally i would have asked him what was wrong however i knew the answer. Yesterday we lost Frank. It was only meant to be a quick in-and-out supply run to the local village for antibiotics but, while searching a medicine cabinet Frank did not see or hear a zombie dog behind him. Poor guy never stood a chance.A few hours later Dave and myself were just finishing a nice bowl of venison stew. A single candle burned between as to not give off to much light or heat to draw attention to ourselves. The windows were boarded up good but you can never be too safe. Taking both our bowls over to the rusty old sink I peer out of the window. And there, reflecting off the light of the moon, pressed to the glass, i see the harrowing face of a spider zombie...I get a shock and drop the bowls. They shatter into tiny pieces off the decayed brick flooring. The noise alone is enough to set the spider zombie into a raging frenzy. Its long black fingers crept through inbetween the wooden planks used to board the windows, solidifying its grip it pulls with all of its strength however it does not budge. Aggrevated, starved and looking for another way in it climbed onto the roof. Pounding with its almighty strength onto the wooden plank roof reinforced with scrap iron it knew that that wasn't going to work either. By this time Dave had ran upstairs and fetched two shotguns from the gun cabinet, a long barrel and a sawn-off. i took the sawn-off, loaded it, and held it tightly to my chest; and then came the sound we know the horror of all to well.The spider zombie on the roof let out an almighty screech which echoed off into the distance. An eerie silence hung around the shelter so thick you could bite it. And then, from over the nearby hill, a screech was returned...The silence came and went however this time was broken by the sound of footsteps. Not walking footsteps, but running footsteps. And they were getting louder, and louder, and louder. Then like an army of charging horses all at once the horde smacked against the side of the house, with a thud so loud it was like a gunshot going off inside your head. Faster than we could think of a survival plan the wall crumbled and the zombies came hurtling in. They were hungry. Very hungry. Dave was first to shoot, the buckshot spread enough to cover 2 maybe 3 zombies at once. Quick to follow i too took aim. Our gunshots rattled the woodwork in the shelter and i began to think we were overwhelmed. There were spider zombies all over the house. Bloaters spitting acid and disintegrating the foundations. Dogs growling and snarling from every direction. Saying a quick prayer I signal to Dave that we should make a run for it. Even if we could fight off this horde the repairs alone would be pointless and starting fresh elsewhere would probably be quicker. Opening the back door and making a dash for it we clear a smaller crowd. Running low on ammo confirmed to me it had to be this way. We were low on ammo, low on stamina and low on HP. Running up the nearby hill we had lost sight of the horde, pausing for breath we stood for a while. Looking at the remains of our home crumble and fall. And it was at that exact moment, a couple of crawler zombies come out of no where and killed us both, GG.11/10 would die again!"
76561197971067495,Recommended,251570,13375533,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,FourFeathers,"7DTD was my first foray into early access and has become for me the Gold standard, against which I measure other titles. Although still technically in alpha, it is one of the most polished games I've played.Gameplay is addictive and although it can be frustrating on first spawn (ie - no gear, alone and up against lethal mobs from minute one), getting to the survivable stage with crafted weapons and food is very quick to achieve with some careful thought.The centrepiece is of course, the crafting.. which could be held up as an example of how to do it. Getting the recipies for advanced gear is deceptively easy in the main.. but actually being able to assemble all the neccessary bits is a challenge. Getting yourself ready for your first horde gives a sense of urgency to the proceedings.A superbly well made and well thought out title and rapidly becoming my number one 'just another 5 minutes' game of choice.10/10 and only getting better with each patch."
,Recommended,251570,10441585,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,iToaster,"Unlike other survival games such as, say, Rust, where the main focus was defending yourself from raiding parties of humans, this game puts emphasis on survivng the onslaught of zombies. Other survival games have set locations for enemy NPCs to spawn, while this one can spawn entire HORDES of zombies wherever it feels the need to. As they get considerably more powerful at night and increase in difficulty with each passing day, you are forced to spend days building up to continue survival.This puts a HUGE emphasis on players helping each other rather than hindering each other, as it would be a waste of their time and resources and leave them vulnerable to quick death should they run around hindering others progress with the scarce resources they have. And mind you, the nights are not to be taken with a grain of salt like other games. Should you hold back waves of the horde, more waves spawn immedietly, meaning this is not a game about simply shooting them to the point of destruction - it's simply about surviving long enough to see the daylight and bring an end to their siege for the night. There are 19 types of enemies too, including powerful bloated walkers whom are only vulnerable to headshots, as well as wall-climbing, window-smashing spider zombies and even infected wildlife.On top of it all, there is a noise engine - the more noise you make from firing a gun, setting off grenades, or even constructing and upgrading your house, the more the horde hears you and the worse it will get. This puts emphasis on having multiple fallback points too, as if you manage to attract them to one location too much by noise, you will need to leave and escape detection before coming back at which point you can only hope the horde will have left with minimal damage.And another thing about the night - you CANNOT survive by simply running and gunning with minimal shelter. During the night, zombies become not only more powerful and massively increase in number, but they also run at twice the speed of your standard movement speed. You can only outrun them by sprinting and just barely, which requires limited energy and depletes your hunger and thirst, which admittedly should not be too much of an issue after day 3, but regardless surviving an entire night sprinting is a near impossibility.Can you pull a minecraft and dig underground and just stick a block on top of you? No. Because zombies can break down ANY blocks in this game including the dirt on the ground, you are not safe anywhere. Once you are sensed, you can only prepare for the inevitable siege to come. What makes it worse is the fact that underground bases are very restricted - you likely have only a small number of escape routes which can easily be blockaded by zombies. This makes even the most secure underground bunkers only a temporary hold back point.Physics are in this game too, which means that if the supporting blocks for something are removed, the entire thing comes crumbling down. You have to have secure houses with more holding them up than just the walls therefore, and you need to ensure your platforms will not come crumbling down at first possibility.All in all, this is a FANTASTIC survival game where for once, you fight with others against truly difficult NPCs. I would highly recommend this over other games for those of you who are not major PVP fans."
76561197968084469,Not Recommended,251570,33841979,Posted: 27 July,all,Obsessive Compulsive,"I think I have played this far more than most but can honnestly say every single alpha has been getting worse. The pimps are not fixing their code and instead releasing their experimental versions as stable even though the game wont work for a lot of people. Not sure what most people define as stable but the game loading in would be one. The game engine not seizing due to a single bad chunk not loading. A system when it detects a bad chunk and asked you to remove it, you actually have a tool that allows this hahaha or who'd of thunk it, maybe it would auto repair / delete the chunk so it could reload instead of seizing the game engine and requiring admins to randomly teleport around the world in hope of finding it. Or using commands not meant for detecting chunk errors but forced to use unlockall command to discover how many are corrupted. How in two years of dev time do you still have world corrupt themselves. Servers have to store over 20 gigs of data per world backup. Thats around double the installation space of the entire game. Everything about this is a no right now. Stop selling it as a multiplayer game when it doesnt function. You are designing for single player and tell us that every single video you show us but sell it on steam as multiplayer ? Its false advertisment at this point. 12 of the top servers all crashing right now constantly and rebooting dozens of time a day to even run fro 15 minute intervals. 2 years+ for this. Two man dev teams do a better job on average with the early access principle.Edit* After some patch work to Alpha 16 we now have servers that will run but still crash due to chunk errors. On server restarts, your items might disappear, or the batteries and engines in your electric machines will vanish. Minibikes still disappear or fall through the world. Players now desync making them invisible to others. We can paint though...Edit* They are finally getting things together in a16.3 stable version. Been fun to play again but some glaring bugs still exist that have needed fixes for over a year. Looking forward to see where they take things from here. Also looking forward to putting this to a positive review."
76561198019329508,Recommended,251570,26348622,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,crashdumi5,"I keep playing every new release. I keep being totally thrilled with everything they come up with. I had thought that digging underground was enough to stay safe, but Alpha 15 had a surprise for me. After 200+ hours of gameplay, and feeling bored almost with my sense of safety, quite suddenly, a horde of feral walkers and zombie miners fell through the ceiling of my mineshaft. I had never been so scared and surprised by anything in my life. My hands were shaking and my heart was pounding as I, bleeding, shot my way into and past the horde, ran through my base, closing doors behind me and made it to my minibike which had enough gas for me to stay moving until the daybreak. I came back, cleared out the remaining zombies, removed my stuff and dug a new base, much deeper. I still dread that scream at 10pm. Sometimes I just leave to go ride around because it’s better than just waiting for them. Maybe in Alpha 16 that won’t be safe either."
76561197970880872,Not Recommended,251570,18606463,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,bloom_meister,"Ok where to start after over 4500 hours ingame...The game caters to 3 main play styles, single player, MP PVE and MP PVP.  If youre after a fun sandbox type SP game and you like building,crafting and zombies then youre in luck as 7DTD delivers a very good experience (with some caveats) and has a high replay value that will keep you coming back.  Note tht the developers have repeatedly stated that thi is the audince they are looking for.If you like MP PVE then again all the good things about SP carry through to this experience and depending on how you tweak the difficulty settings you will have some fun with your friends exploring, building and fighting off the occaiional hordes.My play experience was about 10 hour SP after which I realised the world was not challenging enough and the lack of people made it too lonely a world and I oved on to maybe 100 hours of MP PVE which was nice in that I got to meet other players and have some interation however the same sense of little challenge remained and I have spent the rest of my time playing MP PVP.The devs dont ike MP PVP, they dont code for it they dont make any allowances for it and generally look down their noes upon it like its some dirty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child in the corner that should get no love.  The funny thing i that MP PVP is where this game shines.With MP PVP you have the correct level of challenge (again can vary due to the particular servers settings) because now you not only have to survuve the environment (easy) and fight off the zombies (relatively easy) but you have real people adding in that random element.  Alliances are formed, enemies made, grudges held and acted upon.  Bases get raided and sometimes raised to the ground, sometimes they are taken off, sometimes you will rush to defend friends in need or gather your alliance to take down a particularly unpopular team.The PVP element adds uncertainty, challenge and real risk v reward elements to the gameplay.All of the above was pretty much true until Alpha 12, in Alpha 12 they introduced levelled loot so now we have the mind bogglingly stupid mechanic of your level directy affecting the uality of the items you find.  Want that flawless axe?  get ready to grind through 3-4000 zombies and god knows how many RL hours before the game decided you have levelled far enough to start finding high quality items.  Before this the quality element was truly random so you could get lucky on the first day or you could spend 2 weeks travelling to find all the parts for a high end sniper rifle, exploring was rewarded, effort was rewarded, now?  its just mindless grind and when you have killed all those zombies and reached level 60 almost every container has flawless items which is totally stupid.  This change did not increase the rarity of flawless items it actually did the opposite and made them commonplace IF you were prepared to grind countless hours.Now this mechanic is complete BS, what is in a ammo crate is there regardless of my experience at killing zombies but despite a lot of feedack on their forums they went ahead and did it anyway and this tells you a lot about them as a dev team.The second really bad decision they have made regards the upcoming Alpha13 release where they are doing away with how peple craft items in its entirety in order to dub it down for the console market, this change also extends to how you upgrde structres in place.  Up to this point there were many materials you could build with and the choices you made, the time invested in gathering resources and how you built your base were mssively fun elements in the gameplay that have been lauded by pretty much anyone who has played or reviewed this game.  Thats all going now because again the devs want to dumb the game down in order to port it to console and the deep breadth and complexity that was 7DTD crafting and building is being thrown in the bin.  A sad day truly and they will lose a large amount of players for it.The last thing you need to know is that their community site is pretty toxic, if you are not a rabid fanboi then you will be openly insulted, trolled and insulted and this will be ignored by their moderators (some of whom were so dismissive of any negative feedback that even TFP had to fire them eventually).  No feedback will be tolerated if its perceived in any way as negative or not in line with the devs ''vision'', dont take my word for it, go and read their latest A13 dev thread.I have had some amazing times playing this game, particularly with a wide ranging group of friends and particularly in PVP but the direction the devs are taking it now is thevery opposite of that attracted all the people I know in the first place.I have to put in a reccomendation as the game is now rather than as it used to be and for tht reason I cannot reccomend although I hope that the devs do see sense and recognise the huge playerbase of PVP'ers and how important they are to the games success and that they stop dumbing the game down for the console kiddies.Until that happens I have to say i do not reccomend."
,Recommended,251570,35351702,Posted: 30 September,all,Hybrid,"Great Survival game with one of the better PvE environments in this genre. The gameplay is smooth, graphics are nothing special but the game does allow you to make some pretty epic bases. Certainly something to try out if you're looking for a survivalist / building game.Not worth the $25 however, grab it on sale."
,Recommended,251570,13015063,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Handofinfinity,In the midst of all these crafting/zombie games the Fun Pimps have pulled off an impressively honest development.  7DTD may not be the flashiest or prettiest game of the bunch but the game mechanics are reliable and the crafting is deep but enjoyable.  You can already find servers with one click hosting ofthe game (even in alpha).  They still have work to do.  There are some glitches in the voxel building system.  As of 9.3 there are areas and certain heights the physics glitch and blocks for no rhyme or reason fall apart when they should not.  Their one static map Navegane have buildings and bridges that where built before one of their patches but now fall apart when you traverse them since the current physics mechanics no longer hold them up.  Despite all that I can (and have) easily setup an instance of the game that my friends can jump on any time and enjoy a couple of hours crafting and battling hordes of zombies.  I hope these guys keep going with their development road map and more casual players give this title a try.
,Recommended,251570,24677753,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Offlcer_Sam,Note to self.Get better computer next time.
,Recommended,251570,13788043,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Da Sacred Applepie,"Of all the games in my library, I find this one the most thrilling.Proschallengingalright character & combat systemplenty of possibilitiesThe gameplay is to my oppinion better than Minecraft, and in some ways it is what I would call an upgrade to it.The level design is lovely, but the graphics could be considered struggling compared to games like Rust. But of course, given you can destroy almost anything you see, the graphics remain stunning.Conszombies often bug when killed (though it looks fun)There is only one map so far (besides the automatic map generator)Bugs sometimes happen, like items disappearing from your inventory.The game offers a lot of hours of fun playtime. But to my experience the game can quickly run dry of fun if you play singleplayer. Though with friends it is way more fun, especially if you play online with many people. Just keep in mind that playing this game on an official server may require patience, as people will try to kill you, and you might then lose all your items, having to start over once more. A bit like Rust at this point.I would without doubt recommend this game due to the game's potential and overall gameplay."
76561198153439370,Recommended,251570,31873740,Posted: 20 May,all,CoZmic_Nylix,One of the best zombie horde sandbox games that isn't actually boring.
,Recommended,251570,16351505,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SylenThunder,"To describe this game simply, it's like Minecraft on steroids. A voxel zombie survival game that stands above the others, and it's not even in the Beta test stage yet.Best part about it is that the developer team very active on the forums. Not only do they listen to the players input about ideas and development, but they keep us constantly up-to-date on what they are working on for future updates."
,Not Recommended,251570,16889574,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,EscHermanMango,"Update 1/7/17I logged on again to try this out after watch some of the achiement hunters play on the A15 release. A15 has brought the game back to something that is fun to play, and rewarding, I have found myself enjoying the game again. Still, i've lost a lot of faith in the developer ablity to ever actually get this game beyond anything but and Alpha. I wish there was a neutral setting because I feel like that big red thumbs down is a little harsh, but I can't openly recomend this game either. If you find it on sale then It would probably be worth looking at, especially if you are looking for something that has a strong crafting emphasis, but don't get too attached to your stuff, it's still and alpha and glitches are still somewhat prevalent.Update 9/24/16I decided to reinstall and try again, it looks like they have changed a couple things and messed with the crafting system again, but as for actuall adding anything to the game all you get is an extremelly simple quest system which is a step backwards from the open world sandbox this game is supposed to be. Even on easy mode it still takes more than 10 arrows to the head and 10 blows to the head with a club to kill a zombie. They've made the game feel even slower by making the walking speed even slower. I'm glad for those of you who are enjoying this game, but it just keeps getting worse and worse for me. At least the dev team is so slow that you can still see a resemblence of the game that was once fun.A12 hotfix updateThe game has gotten a little better, but is still more stressfull than fun. If I wanted it to be this difficult I'd play on the harder settings, but even the middle of the road and low difficulties are nearly impossible now. bears are still rediculously common, zombies spawn all around you at all times, loot has been reduced to nearly nothing. Sadly, I still can't recomend this game to anyone who isn't a hardcore survavilist. For me this game was a fun slightly more realistic minecraft, it filled a small niche that most survival games go right over. Now its just like every other survival game, you'll spend hours diggging trhough piles of trash and slowly crawling accross the world trying to find a few critical items that spawn so infrequently that I haven't ever seen them in A12._orignial review_ (still stands)For the time being this game should be avoided, Alpha 12 has sucked all the fun out of the game. It's an alpha, and pathes and updates may come and fix the game, but until they do I'd stay away."
,Recommended,251570,19350810,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jeanne the Maid,"Great game :D , there needs to be a better assortment of clothing and weapons tho.... as well as placeable objects for your home.Sounds are nice, progression is nice, the look of the game hints at realism, both PVE and PVP are nicely implemented/ balanced.If you enjoy killing zombies, players and want to get creative as far as base building / terraforming goes, this is the game for you.The game is still in alpha, and as such the physics and models could use a bit work... (Edit: Models and model physics have been totally redone on a new engine in the upcoming patch)This game will almost certainly give your monies worth, buy it while its cheap!Additionally it has a lot of dev support and a team that will be sticking with it for the foreseeable future. (at minimum the next 5 years.)Edit: This is an early access review and the game is still in development, as such it is constantly being changed and updated.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,251570,14134939,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sol,"Love it. Been playing since beta 5. This game gets significantly better every update. And the Devs have so much plans! Can't wait for the next update, and the next update after that and the next update after that and the next update after that. The only thing I don't like is the amount time it takes for updates XD"
,Recommended,251570,33180946,Posted: 3 July,all,P4nos,"Unique and a great zombie survival crafting game, but the performance is horrible."
76561198020316445,Recommended,251570,17467471,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Obeed,"This game is coming along nicely, more content is being added all the time, the bugs are.. what bugs?? Seriously very minimal bugs the DEV's are keeping this nicely polished. The game even though in Alpha stage has alot going for it.Atmosphere: Great feeling game that really changes moods, not for the faint of heart or easily creeped out. This game has feeling by the bucketload, at times you will be hiding in a corner, sometimes you will be sprinting for your life while your heart tries to beat out of your chest and other times you may completely lose your mind and go on a rampage throwing all caution to the wind as you exact your wrathfull vengence upon the undead for daring touch your beloved minibike!Playability: This is a game you can really spend alot of time on without realising that its 2am and you need to start work at 8am. There is countless things to do in 7 Days, by yourself or in a group you will have no trouble finding things to do, explore, build, repair, renovate, create, be mischievous, compete and survive!!Interface: The feel of this game is great and it has really been done well, the menu's are simple but indepth, you can ""couple click start"" or you can spend time adjusting how you want the game to be, difficulty levels can be rather casual up to insanely ""messed my pants scary!"" Hard! Controlling the character is very smooth, easy and just feels so good, the ingame crafting is fantastic, the best I have seen.Graphics: Very pretty! Graphics are up to scratch and have all the nice bits that one would expect from a modern game with great lighting effects and smoothness of images. The landscapes and buildings look fantastic and make it easy to sink into the feel of the game.Conclusion: There are alot of crafting games that have followed and ridden on the success of Minecraft and now there is literally a vast sea of Minecraft/Zombie survival type games available now, most of them in Alpha/Beta stages, some are ok and some are absolute rubbish. 7 Days clearly stands above the horde with top marks in all the right places, you will not find a better game in this genre."
76561198153639923,Not Recommended,251570,20651126,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ash,"13.6 update breaks almost every aspect of the game and more than a week has passed with no comment from devs regarding fixes. There are many issues with video errors, sound issues, connection and EAC issues and severe MP server issues. Weapons never have lined up correctly and frequently glitch into a strange position that won't allow you to aim down the barrel. I have spent more time in this game than any other, but in its current 13.6 build state, I cannot reccommend it to others. It is  currently too broken and has become unplayable in my opinion."
76561198116365713,Recommended,251570,9030218,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,yourallheart,"I'm a little stunned at the replies of negativity.  1 said that it was laggy with his top of the line comp.  Really?  I'm running it on an 8 gig laptop pentium 2.7..It runs more than fine without lag.    Another griped of the blocky features and repetitive landscape.   Am I the only one that read in APLHA STAGE?     The Graphics needs some heavy updating to eliminate the blocky,  old nintendo game look but I can't imagine that not being on the menu.      Another wrote how the zombies always find you regardless of where you hide.  Really?  Me and my friend built a fortress that was completely unbreakable.  They haven't gotten even close to us yet.     It isn't a mindless shooter.  You need to put effort into the game, scavenging, foraging, forging, crafting, hunting and even cooking.Honestly the only complaint I see valid is the cost.  It has the potential to be (With massive graphics upgrade) a 50 dollar game.  Right now?  It shouldn't be 20$ I'd price it at 15 for a one pack and 25 for a 2 pack.   I just saw it went on sale which annoys me as I bought it like 5 days ago the 2 pack for 49$.  I'd have saved 16$.  Grrr.  Had I known I'd have waited and bought 3 copies.But I recommend the game mostly based on potential and what I see MAY be in the works.  Better Graphics and driveable cars?  2 thumbs up.    I'd like it if one could hide from the zombies to but I don't see that as a huge issue.  There should be roaming NPC groups that either want to join your compound, theives and Merchants, though I saw that was coming.  The scope and potential of the game is huge and limitless.  It really just depends on how serious these guys are about it.   So far I think they are and as such, I give this game a thumbs up and look forward to more game updates soon."
,Recommended,251570,25470314,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Cheesedoosh,"My first experince with 7DTD.I spawned in, a guy gave me some OP stuff and met a fellow noob. I said my farewell with the nice guy and proceeded to meet up with the fellow noob. I finally got to him then the other players told us that it was horde night so we dug a hole and hid underground. He got hot and sweaty, I got hot and sweaty, so we took our clothes off whilst hiding from zombies above us. We spent the night next to each other in our undies and once it hit day time, we broke our two wooden frame barriers and YOLO'd it. We saw 1 zombie that was actually the only one patrolling around us all night. We decided to kill it since we out numbered him. I pulled out my gun (now armored) and proceeded to kill him. Bullets didnt phase him. The game bugged out my newly made friend died, and I got smacked from 5 feet away. One zombie killed the both of us and one of us was armed. $25 Well spent. 10/10 Would get naked with another guy and die on the first day again.P.s. If you played this on console and are considering getting this for PC. I highly reccomend it. There are MUCH more players than on the console version. Plus there are dedicated servers. So no more pesky getting kicked out of games when the host quits."
,Recommended,251570,15707916,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,~S9~ Skewr,Found invisible zombie and died.... Went stealthily exploring and died... Had raw pork and died.... Tripped on a zombie and go infected and died.... Broke my legs jumping into the water running from fast zombies and died... collapsed a barn on my head picking up a haybale and died...10/10 Would die againIf they could get rid of ONE thing it would be the dogs.
,Recommended,251570,13504670,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Super Mario,"I got banned from my own server for hacking, nice"
76561198111387435,Recommended,251570,13162398,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Araminis,"7 Days to Die is a zombie survival, post apocalypse game, where you can build almost anything and destroy everything.I got this game and a few copies for guildies thinking it would be a nice distraction from our main games. Little did I know this would become one of our guilds main games. Our guild leader is now thouroughly addicted and plays almost nothing else. While I have played some on public servers, our guild has our own server, so this review and my experience will be based mostly on the private server side of the game. I  have found this game to be really addicting in the building aspect you can make almost amything you can think of and that is a major part of how addicting the game can be, you tend to keep saying to yourself ""ill just finish this little area up and log next thing you know you have built an underground comples, hollowed out a mountian for your mine and build towers and fortifications everywhere, while forgetting to eat and sleep. Another good aspect ""atleast on the private server is we can mod the world and setup game types form group survival to pvp which is very nice. The only issue I have seen so far is the new lighting system in update 10 while it looks very nice it really drops your frame rate (I was running game on max settings and now have turned shadows and anti-aliasing off for better preformance and some of our guildies with older computers and graphics cards are only hitting 3-10 FPS, after the update). So in short wonderful game but having a better comp will help alot especially on pvp servers.Pros*Nice graphics*fun building mechanics*fun multi-player (having a server is really nice)*Zombies are well done and alot better AI since last update*Easy to spend hours playing the game*Development team is doing a good job of updating and informing publicNegatives*FPS drop since new update (fixed real fast so not an issue)*Limited on the differant types of zombies (afew more types would be nice*some of the stuff in the world you are not able to build (mostly cosmetic stuff like beds, fridges and things like that)*really wanted vehicles in this last update (guess it was just a rumor)"
76561198022313948,Recommended,251570,15243368,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,vanion100,"I was a HUGE fan of the original (and free) DayZ mod.  I have heard too many unfavorable things about the DayZ Standalone game and chose not to play it.  Since then, one failed clone after another left me thinking that the whole open world survival genre was going nowhere.  Then I discovered this game.  At first, 7DTD feels more like a Minecraft mod, but it very quickly proves that it is it's own unique experience.  Recommended for anyone who likes open world survival!"
,Recommended,251570,12992197,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mark117h,"Well what can i say about 7daystodie that hasn't been said allready.The developers of this game,TFP -AKA- ""The Fun Pimp's"",Are a really good bunch of people.They keep you updated on the main forum as well as Madmoles Tumblr page on any progress and updates the game is due to have.They have a hell of a lot to do with the community and do actually listen to what people suggest and say.This game is brilliant.You get a real sense of achievment when you do start to get things going right.I have watched this game for a very long time,Allways pondering whether i should throw down my reddies,Well guess what,I wish i had done so alot sooner than waiting up till late alpha 7 - early alpha 8 before finally purchasing.Still glad that i did though.Basically, the game is set in the Zombie Apocalypse,You have to do anything and everything to survive,That could mean clearing out an area on the map because you need the house as a starting base or just going to the main city's that are dotted all over the map,Although i wouldnt reccomend that untill you have at least got some supplys in,Then you are good to go.The game has numerous options so that you can tailor your own version of how you would like the game to play out,By this i mean in the settings,You can have it where the zombies run / walk / run at night / walk in the day,Airdrops on or off or set to have so many spawn in a set time,You can also just play on the default settings.Just one note to potential buyers,Just remember that the game is still in an ALPHA stage,Although i must admit, this game is the best i have out of all the early access games that i do own,One more thing as of 18 November 2014 ""now"" there is an update due for release soon ALPHA10 - A10,This update is going to be huge as the random world itself lol,There is actual character customization of your face,Burning Zombies ""1st iteration"" of it,An enemy activity system so the zeds can sense and find you if you make too much noise or use the forge or campfire,There's a number of armor items coming in A10There's just loads to come,Did i forget to mention that there is going to be more animal's added over time and also the one thing that we really need to traverse the freaking huge map ""Vehicles"" !.Just check joel hueninks Tumblr page and read the forums to see the love these guy's put into this game,You can clearly read and see it.Joel's Tumblr :http://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/7daystodie forum :http://7daystodie.com/forums/Right then down to whether i would recommend this game to anybody.DAMN straight i would,If you have read this far then what are you waiting for,This game is truly brilliant and a masterpiece in the making,Well worth every pound i spent on it.Dont get me wrong, there is the odd bugs like the duplication exploit and a number of others,None of which i have found to be game breaking to me..A TRUE MASTERPIECE :8/10 as it currently standsCheersmark117hI do truly wish TFP's all the best in everything that those guy's do.###########################################EDIT: 17-03-2015 @ 12:26.Currently 7daystodie is going through an engine change from Unity 4 to Unity5,This will bring with it a number of extra options including and not limited to performance and graphics enhancements.The ALPHA 11 release will be built on the new Unity 5 engine and is due to update anytime soon,This game is and has gone from better to utter sheer brilliance, cant wait to try ALPHA-11 out soon.One last thing,Grab it now why its at a lower price because if you like zombies and apocalyptic settings then this game is going to be right up your street and believe me, you WILL get hundreds of hours of entertainment out of this game from the start.###########################################EDIT: 15-06-2015 @ 15:43Just a little add to this review,I have noticed that some people have given this game a negative review,Just WTF when they have less than an Hours playtime,Totally bo110ks i'll tell ya.Whilst the game has still got a fair few issues with it,NONE & I MEAN NONEAre that bad you could class them as game breaking,This game is coming along nicely as to being one of if not they best game based around the zombie apocalypse scenario ever.LOVE IT - LOVE IT - LOVE IT - LOVE IT."
76561197994268765,Recommended,251570,35398286,Posted: 1 October,all,Lerch Addams,"A16 ReviewAs a die hard veteran of this game it has been 'suggested' by various friends on Steam that i write a review.(Write a reivew after only 6,000 hours? Pfft...FINE)Away we go...Buy this game only if you fully understand whatEarly AccessandAlpha stage game developmenttruly mean.This game is incomplete and yet it still is one of most playable and enjoyable Early Access titles on Steam.Watch some current videos and educate yourself on what you're getting intobefore you buy this game.This game has a steep learning curve and while in game tutorials have been added the game does not hold your hand,Buy this game if you enjoy:-Fully destructable, randomly generated, ludicrously large game worlds.-Zombies-Crafting-Zombies-Survival-Zombie DOGS-Building system with structural integrity-Zombie BEARS-Mining-Exploration-Base defense (A16 added turrents and traps)-And yes, good ole' first person, zombie shootin' goodness.Did i mention that this game is incomplete?Yes? Well ok then, let's all say it together.7 Days to Die is an Early Access game which means that it is not finished yet.The developer plans on completion sometime in 2018.Updates for the game are about every 6 months.The developer is active but wants the game to be built right so is taking it's time.This game will not run well on a potato.Performance is good but rough on average hardware.Summary: Highly recommended for the reasons listed above.Worth every penny of the $25 i spent on it."
76561198077588337,Not Recommended,251570,10939419,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BLADE,"playing the game on multiplayer online is very disappointing at this stage. Many players can use god mode for cheat. I spent a lot of time making my own base safe and other players just shoot me from nowhere. I dont see the fun of playing the game at this stage. If you want to try it go ahead and buy it, if someone cheated on you then you will remember what i said."
76561198008966510,Recommended,251570,22766349,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,hoinarut,"Probably the best survival & crafting game ever made. You can never get bored, there's always something to do and gives you the ""just one more turn""-ish kind of addiction. Although still in Alpha i can 100% say that i've seen games released by major studios in a way worse state than this ""alpha"". Very active developers, releasing patches very often.If you want a game that's really about survival, building and crafting - this is the one."
,Recommended,251570,13790220,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fellow Hoodlum,"Once you get past it's graphics and interface, which could be somewhat improved, this game is pure survival gold. Whether you prefer to play solo or with friends(or enemies), this gem of a game will keep you entertained for a long time with its content.The best way to describe this game is as a mix of Minecraft crafting and creativity combined with best parts of other zombie survival games. Personally, the best features of the game are the game's atmosphere and zombie herds. Yup, herds, like The Walking Dead comic herds. Not so great in number(20-30 zombies) but every once in a while(with increasing frequency) they'll stumble past your house and either go around it or start tearing it down while you're inside praying they don't get in and gathering your most valuable stuff, ready to try and make a break for it in case they get inside. These herds give you new goals in the game, as unlike in Minecraft, you cannot build a home which will be completely safe with 1 layer of dirt, and will force you to try to constantly improve your home, run for your life and keep you on your toes. If you also set zombies to run at night, this game turns from a survival to a horror game.Might just be the best survival game I have ever played."
,Recommended,251570,25892904,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Skaidrojumi,"Overall an amazing survival experience. It allows you to be inventive, strategic, and diverse in your techniques. So far my favorite zombie survival game.+ Crafting gives a wide array of options, allowing you to bring more shape to your forts, craft weapons suitable to your style, and give a more unique play strategy.+ Multiple types of zombies, but nothing overly ridiculous. The quick, the ranged, the tough, the animal type. The ""realistic"" idea of irl zombies.+ Several stats to keep an eye on including: health, energy, hunger, thirst, temperature. Making it more than just a zombie genre, but truly a survival one.+ Multiplayer works very well for this game in terms of gameplay, allowing both PvE and PvP to fit very well.- Updates are rare, which is a shame since the few updates introduced greatly increased the games likability.-/+ Items respawn unless chosen otherwise in the settings. But most players include them in their game, so if you don't like item respawns keep an eye on what games you're joining.-/+ Maximum health is lost on death. Making dying a bit more threating than just losing your loot.-/+ Cheat mode can be included in the game to spawn items. But whether or not a lobby has this chosen is shown before joining."
76561198139462018,Not Recommended,251570,11284338,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,InFusIon,"My game didnt work, so I asked for help but didnt get any. I almost got help from one tech but got banned by another for saying the game was not working.Then I tried to warn others that this game has a bug and got permanently banned for it.Might as well get beast of prey cause this game has tyrantsoreass forum admins.From what I hear its another survival pvp thats been ruined by hackers like rust or dayz only this one looks like minecraft on crack."
,Recommended,251570,32869138,Posted: 27 June,all,Sixa,+ Good Survival Game+ CO-OP+ Crafting System+ A lot of Zombies+ A lot of Weapons- Optimization
76561198038864711,Recommended,251570,34449415,Posted: 23 August,all,Gelda880,"The game is epic..... I usally dont do reviews but noticed how many long term gammers are ragging on the new alpha 16 update.... to make it clear for the new guy....  If you noticed most of the recent reviews are from players with alot of hours... You would think this makes them experts on the subject and yes it usually does.... But, you are getting reviews from players that had most of there game time on alpha 15 or earlier.... the new alpha 16 changed alot of things like the way you gain experience, or how to purchase your skills with experience points.... it was confusing and frustrating for me when I started playing alpha 16 experimental....  with this said Eperimental is experimental.... and Alpha is Alpha.... so when they say ""its in experimental"" and you change your settings to play experimental then you should expect to have to completley start over from time to time and bugs, and when its in alpha not so much but there will still be bugs or the occational restart...I have played Rust, Ark, and hurtworld... and 7 days alpha 16 to die is better then all of these games for a survival game.  In many ways I see 7 days simular to fallout 4 but 7 days is a MMO so you can invite all your friends to play with you.  7 days new features are distant rendering witch shows you main points of intrest (POI's) such as city skylines skyscrapers and other buildings on the horizan so you know what direction you may want to travel.  the skyscrapers are like mini-dungeon mazes with traps and unexpected surprises (be carwfull). Electricity allows for additional lighting options, traps, early warning systems and gun turrets. With all the new updates, there are still things the Pimps need to work out and it should be expected.  A update that has more content in it then when the game first came out should have bugs and things to smooth out, Its alpha after all.  The game has been in alpha for 4 years and this may seem like a long time, but the fallout games have a huge staff working on them and they still take 4 to 6 years to fully develope a game (Still waiting on fallout 5).lets sum this up,  Some of the older players dont like the changes...  this is understandable since people usually dont like change (especially all at one time), but if you want a better finished game you should expect changes,bugs and a few game restarts (should be less game restarts now that its out of experimental) untill its out of alpha and is released as a full fledged game.  So, If your looking at buying a great survival game I say buy 7 Days.... you wont be disappointed..."
,Recommended,251570,12430810,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Tripping Pug,"I've been looking for a realistic zombie game for a while now, and while this is not perfect (headshots don't always kill, very few improvised weapons, you can cure yourself, etc.) it's pretty close, and it's in Alpha anyways so it's subject to change.It's pretty darned satisfying when a biter steps on one of your mines for the first time, and it's not to difficult to take out a few of them even starting out after you get the crossbow.  It's also pretty cool to build up some deffences like sharp sticks and stuff and watch the bastrids kill themselves at night.The learning curve is pretty steep though, so you may want to look at some videos or whatever before you start.Starter tip:  Make a stone ax (stick, from punching a bush; plant fiber, from punching grass and crafting it up; and a sharp stone, made from a small stone you can find on the ground).  It's an ok starting weapon (though you may want to trade it in for an iron/spiked club when you get the chance), and you can use it to chop down trees and dig clay to make molds for ingots.Bonus starter tip:  Get a ranged weapon (a crossbow works) or make a good melee weapon (at least an iron club) before you barge into a house looking for loot.  As a matter of fact, don't barge in.  Wait for the zeds to come out and then snipe 'em.Anyways, it's damned fun and *mostly* bugless as far as I can see.  Worth the price too, but if you can't afford it then you could probably wait for a sale.  Then you should deffinitely get it."
,Recommended,251570,30372526,Posted: 7 March,all,POWERFUL CAPTAIN,A few years ago i was playing this game and when i was playing this game it was like a good zombie survival with squares xD but then few years after i tried it and i see a huge difference game has changed alot and devs working good tho not leaving the project.RESPECTOS FROM CAPTOS :D PEACE AND LOVE!
,Recommended,251570,16050999,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,PO(S\R)TAL_Dude,"12/27/16: Several major updates have added: a small campaign, somewhat better optimization, better and more graphics variety, vehicles, different zombies, zombified bears, a basic random world generator etc.All in all pretty slow but steady progress. Still in early access though and might not work with different setups.[/i]A few caveats from previous versions are that the latest version isn't compatible with previous save files unless you do some heavy modifications.TL;DR: MineCraft on crack, running around with the sh*ts and an axe simulator.Pros:What's better than a chainsaw? A GIANT DRILL!No dealing with @sshole players, trolls, and cheaters again! Just start your own game or find one of many well managed servers.Totally 100% destructible ""voxel"" environment!  - Locked door? HULK SMASH! No Problem!Build structures with real physics. [Add frames and trusses, unless you enjoy being a meat pancake!]Cross-Platform multiplayer AND CO-OP; this is an overlooked feature in many games. Play with your console peasant friends!Getting Crunk off grain alcohol and beer! :)Good crafting system - still needs work but a great startZombie ""senses"" A.I that can hear and smell you!No boring lockpicking minigame: either a delay or no wait depending on server/game rules!Easily custom tuned games - create your own apocalypse. Lots of settings to change.Randomly generated maps and biomes.Frequent developer updates and active community.Vehicles a scooter LOL!More Zombie wildife like bears....Cons:You will still find the trolls they are in every game. Also, rarely you will find a hacker but I found them to be mostly minding their own business. This is again, a problem in every game. It's really an arms race between the devs and hackers - it can not truly be solved ever - report,  switch servers or of course: start your own game!It is however nowhere as bad as Rust or DayZ, filled with psychopaths!A lot of the inventory, crafting and items in the game need work or are constantly changing!Not enough meele weapons at the moment.Breaking your leg from 4ft drops...seriously wtfGetting your face mauled of by packs of zombified dogs...biggest risk while first starting they are too fast!Zombified Bears are tanks and will ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up!Dated graphics: hopefully this will change soon. Major updates have improved this a bit.Needs optomization to run betterSlow development---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------How my first game went down:Day 1:Spawn next to town, got some nice supplies.Get attacked by dogs there.Too tired to run or fight wellOh sh*t.jpgGet corned by zombies -clever girl.jpgFists do nothingGet face nomed off by dogsRespawnHave nothingspend 10 minutes punching plants for fibersI hate everything.jpgGet sticks, feather and stonesCraft bow, arrows and axeCome at me bro.jpgGo back kill sorry SOBs and get my sh*t backF*ck yeah.jpgDehydrated and starving now.Find water, accidentally drink itGet sh*ts.Night is coming - get to teh choppa.gifneed to cure with herbal tea♥♥♥♥ers get fast at night -surprise buttsectssh*tting while running, like a b*tch  - run forrest run!.gifjump off 4 ft ledge, break leg - almost dieNever go out at night again. ♥♥♥♥ that sh*t.jpgDay 2:Hole up in abandoned hospitalscavenge, Empty medicine cabinets everywhere.jpgFind coolers with BEER though!Get too drunk.walk off part of stairs, break other leg (wtf not even 2nd level)  - FML.jpgStarving, accidentally ate old sandwhichGet the  sh*ts.... againJump off potted plant while scavengingBreak leg...again.  - That's it I'm out stewie.gifFound a cooking pot.Build campfire at lastfinally brew herbal teaHave 2 HP leftMight attract zombies with my swamp @ss - FoulBachelorFrog.jpgI'm still alive mothaf***as.GIFStill alive XD"
,Recommended,251570,27437706,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cmicroc,"I keep coming back to this game as they as new content and for the most part I like the direction they are taking with it.There have been many great steps forwards from the first version I played.At the moment it is still lacking that little something though: you have built a base gathered a load of resources and it just gets to that point where you are feeling... now what... At the moment that's the point I put the game away and wait for another content update.However the devs have promised that there is content on the way to try and fill that void. Interactions with NPCs, random missions, stuff to make you feel it is worth carrying on. So watch this space, and keep you fingers crossed."
76561198077105933,Recommended,251570,24306916,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dr. Darc,"I played this game with friends and solo ( mostly the latter ). And i found that both satisfied me enough to keep me going. Alone makes the game hell of a challenge, especially to past the first horde night (7th day) and yes, you will die alot and give up alot, but every time you play, it is never the same experience.Playing with friends makes surviving harder, due too food & water depleting fast, without good water sources ( eg. lakes / rivers ) and good hunters, the team wont last long :).More food = More cook = More heat = MORE SCREAMERS WILL ATTACKPros : Alot of content, Alot of ways to play, Every playthrough is different, Fun in both solo & multiplayer, levelling system is good, Challenging enough, New updates arrive oftenlyCons : No auto sort button for inventory & chest"
76561198034396876,Not Recommended,251570,33557551,Posted: 15 July,all,Blue,"Whilst not revolutionary (minecraft with guns, zombie hordes, and some basic block physics), that mix is pretty solid. I nearly gave this a positive review, even. And you can forgive an early access game a fair few flaws. (Also, please note that I played a fair while offline on steam, so... I do have more hours in this than it seems).But the unfortunate issue that's really hurt the playability of this game is how the dev's problem solve.Players are creative, and rather good at solving problems. So, they would slow zombies to a crawl with water, and wait for them to lose the ability to sense them on bloodmoon nights by just staying safe until dawn, and then letting the horde wander off. They would build bases half-way down cliffs; zeds at the bottom couldn't see you or get to you, zeds at the top would fall and splatter. They would use the penalties to mining underwater to fortify structures. They would, in short, win.The dev's, rather than add new content that would complicate these strategies, instead decided to just do things like remove zombie fall damage. To make zombies ALWAYS move full-speed through water.  To remove zombies suffering the same debuffs as players.As such, the game shoehorns you into playing in some very limited ways, and really tries to steer you towards a house/fort, walls, and spike traps. Which would be okay if that wasn't so godawfully boring.Mine forever to keep up your supplies of iron an concrete. Which, staring at low-res stone walls directly in your face is just boring. Place spikes on the ground, because ones on walls won't hurt them (they'll just attack them from outside the damage radius), and watch zombies just stand there and kind of explode bits off, randomly (which gets old fast) whilst you drop ammo into clumps of idiots with a bad tendency to spin wildly in circles.It just gets tedious, and I personally resented being forced to play in the most energy inefficient possible way.I've also yet to experience a breach. A couple got past the outer perimeter on the 28th night, but they quickly died in the bailey. I'd like to be able to automate dealing with zombies much more, because again, they're tedious, not challenging to deal with by... Two to three days in.At the end of the day, it basically boils down to not being a particularly clever game, that has started to punish clever strategies rather than grow in depth."
,Recommended,251570,16100524,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,mooglyguy,"To be perfectly honest, this is the first voxel-based open-world game that's grabbed my attention since Minecraft - and as a former developer at Mojang, that says a lot.The graphics are magnificent, the audio is the perfect blend of realistic and creepy, and the crafting is something that other games shoudl take note of. I'm enthusiastic enough about 7 Days To Die that I run my own server for my friends. Overall, the only negative worth mentioning is that the updates are few and far between, and it doesn't seem like The Fine Pimps concentrate on bug fixing, which can make things awkward at times."
,Recommended,251570,30326127,Posted: 4 March,all,diamond,"This game hasn't got beautiful graphics, high quality landscapes and other stuff that other modern games have. This game is cruel and it will kick your a.ss whenever it's possible. No excuses, it will punish you hard for every mistake you make. ""7 Days to Die"" is very specific and it's definitely not for everyone"
76561197974745268,Recommended,251570,31286695,Posted: 21 April,all,Raguski,"Great game, tons of protential just wish they would move a little faster in programming."
,Not Recommended,251570,20386023,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,janarah_caine,"Ah, where to begin. This is an early access alpha game, after over two years of being such. This doesn't count what ever time was before such that may have been used for development.The placing of blocks is rudimentary, you can't rotate them to various degrees and are stuck with building basic square and rectangle and octagonal shapes. Spacing between half and quarter blocks is exagurated to take up a whole section, even if it's only a sign on the wall. The lack of choices in the basic game with out modification is dry and very limited.Weapon choices are very limited.Animals which may roam the world (if they even spawn) are very limited.Zombies (if they even spawn now) are very limited and half the time glitch out with randomly missing parts while still trotting after you.There is no story line for the basic game in single player mode.Over 75% of what was promised by the go fund me for the game hasn't even been touched upon even after over two years.Crafting now takes from minutes in previous versions to hours now. And these are small amounts of things. Material usage is multiplied by ten times what previous versions used to create things.Duct tape is used to repair everything, yes, even your guns. I'd like to see some idiot fix a gun with duct tape and fire it.Everything degrades expotentially when you repair it, there is no maintaining anything, it will always fall apart even if you fix it.Once you actually build a base after spending hours upon hours doing so a group of five to ten zombies can buldoze through it in less than ten minutes. I wonder what sort of milk zombies drink that they can bash through a solid cement/concrete/ or steel wall with their bare hands and keep all their bones intact.The resources to make ammo, especially brass is so scarce that you may as well give up on making any ammo unless you are on a mp server with some sort of mod with copper and zinc.For servers, once you hit about 20+ players there are now these odd black graphics glitches, lines, black blocks, or jsut a full black screen. If you go near a fridge, forge, capfire when it's running the sound will usually bug out and cause a string of errors that wont stop all the while cutting out all of your sound except for some odd buzzing noise.The dogs have been beefed up so they can one shot you, all the while being invincible to melee atacks.I should also mention whats advertised on the 7 days to die web page as already being in game but never has.""Dynamic Story Generation – The story unfolds through our “Dynamic Story Generation System” which guides the player to other survivors, better loot and undiscovered Points of Interests through story note quests.""""Looting, Mining and Crafting – Loot and mine a multitude of items and ingredients to create hundreds of items including melee weapons, guns, traps, generators, motorized tools, motion detectors, landmines, auto-turrets, salves, potions  and more using our 5×5 grid Crafting System.""Of course, I would caution against believing half of what is advertised to be in the game, simply because it's not. It's just false advertising.All in all when ever the basic bugs are worked out of this game and everything which was promised to be in it ever arrives it might be really phenominal. As for now the only thing which makes it even slightly playable or enjoyable is finding a good online community to play with on a heavily modded server. Other wise it's jsut another severly limited alpha game which is years old and shows the lack of either creativity or intelligence from it's developers."
,Recommended,251570,15730575,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,RichieEB,"If you want a good zombie suvival game, this is literally the best game out there to come of that genre and to be the best for a long long time.Even if you want no zombies and to get used to playing the game, you can turn them off and play yourself to get familiar with it, or better yet like myself play on hard difficulties and make looting percentages rather low to give yourself a 7DTD fallout 3 feel world ending."
76561197987726424,Recommended,251570,8035825,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SpartanMarine88,"At the moment the game is worth the cost, while ai can be a bit dumb, its still miles better then dayz's zombies. (although thats not hard) The crafting system seems interesting, and quite easy to use.The server setup is nice, giving quite a few flexable options to play around with as well as a couple mode options other then the main game.The block style construction blends seamlessly together to create a nice environment that allows for the zombies and you to have complete control of your environment while still looking pretty and natural.The transition from day to night can put you on edge sending you scrambling to collect as much as you can and fortify up for the coming evening. I was able to find a good bit of resources before i was forced inside the house I chose. It was interesting, as soon as night fell you heard the zombies come alive. I think a lot of games fail in audio ambiance, however the rabid noises that i heard outside of my building made me believe all hell was being raised loose. I did find that if i placed a object above a ladder is seemed to bug out the ai slightly but more and more kept pouring into the house blocking off my exit.Due to a slight screw up on my end they managed to make it into the attic and after a brief but hectic fight that only served to draw even more of the buggers, i took the risk and hopped down to the porch overhang and from there went running into the woods with the town behind me.Even though i died shortly after, i can't wait to try again after a little break."
76561198001536271,Not Recommended,251570,16908824,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,odhan,"I've been playing this game on and off since around alpha 6, so I thought it about time to write a review. Although I'm not recommending the game, that may change as development continues. However, the game has been in public alpha for a while now and I've yet to see it progress significantly towards the type of game I thought it could be.Issue I have:Poor quality zombies. The models are shocking, maybe these are just placeholder, but they've been there a while and look terrible.Unimaginative zombie spawn and AI. It's like the developers have used a really basic noise algorithm to desperse the zombie spawns, then quadruple it when near points of interest. If a zombie is chasing a player, another player could stand right next to it and it would just continue to chase the first, zZzZzzzz.Ridiculous zombie health. Getting a head shot on the most basic zombie, with full stamina and a hardly damaged weapon does not equal a kill. This might disapear when skills are introduced and I think it lessens the higher level you get, but really? Zombie appocalyspe rule No 1: Headshot = kill. Maybe there could be some more varied difficulty modes?Skill book to unlock the forge. This is just stupid and frustrating, why would anyone find that fun?I do like the building mechanics, creating frames that can then be upgraded with materials is one of the few innovative things I've found in this game. Pretty much everything else has been taken from other titles. So for a game that is basically a mash-up of Minecraft and DayZ, you will not have fun mining and base building and you will not get immersed in the world due to the awful graphics and the laughable zombies. I'm not entirely sure what they wre trying for tbh, but maybe they'll get there, some day."
,Recommended,251570,16040961,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheBleeder,"322 hours of my life i don't want back. Seriously. The game deserves it.I'm actually getting a bit itchy being on steam and not in the game .... got to goOh yeah, get the game, but be careful, the game will eventually get you!You have been warned"
76561198052395746,Not Recommended,251570,34579295,Posted: 29 August,all,Darth_Wayner,"Seeing as how I've logged over 800 hours in this game and I bought it on sale for $15, i've gotten entertainment at the price of about 2 cents an hour.   That alone means I should be giving this game a positive review, but since my review is meant to help new perspective players to decide whether to spend their money, I can't.  I loved (past tense) the hell out of this game.  However, alpha 16 is the last straw for me.  Every release seems to break the game worst than the last.  Frame rates grind to a halt, glaring gameplay issues like zombie spawns that got fixed 2 releases ago reappear.  Terrain generation glitches are broken in one release, fixed in the next, and then broken again in the next.  ""Creating player"" issue which completely prevents playing the game goes ignored.I've been playing this game since alpha 8.  The game peaked for me somewhere around A12.  The biggest issues i see are that the devs seem to be easily distracted and can't seem to focus on the end goal.  Example...they can't seem to make up their mind about how the player gathers resources.  When i first started playing, boulders on the surface would give iron, coal, and potassium nitrate when harvested.  That was removed in favor for underground nodes only.  That was subsequently changed to make certain mineable materials specific to certain biomes, that was changed again, and now we're back to where it all started.  There are numerous other examples of this.  That wouldn't bother me as much if the glaring issues like performance, lack of story or end game content, etc were getting addressed.  For pete's sake guys, not every player will like the system, but this will be true no matter what you do.  Develop a system, stick with it, and keep your eye on the end goal of finishing a game sometime this decade by not breaking what you've already done at each release.Speaking of ""each release"", they are down to a new release about every 9 months now.  At the rate of 1 step forward and 2 steps back at every release, they'll simply never get there.  As of A16, I can no longer recommend this game."
,Recommended,251570,14641771,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Justin xv,"With about 45 hours played and several late night sessions with buddies, I am really enjoying myself with this game.As it is still in Alpha, obviously the game isn't perfect. But with that being said this is easily one of the best early access games I have had the oppurtunity to be a part of.The game has an awesome feel to it, from the eerie noises that come randomly, to the distinct sound each set of zombie makes I have no choice but to appreciate the effort that has already been put into this game. One of my favorite things so far is the unique biomes that 7D2D has implemented.From the cool, innocent looking spring setting with green grass and red chrysanthumums, to the winter/snow biome with unique zombies for that enviroment. You'll be looking for an airdrop one day that takes you from the desert to the creepy wasteland into the city and the next thing you know savage dogs will be chasing you and you'll be wishing you stayed back at camp!There's many fun and exciting moments to be had in 7D2D, so if anyone reading this is into zombie survival games I would highly recommend this one.+ With frequent updates and patches from the Devs, it's hard not to want to support this up and coming gem."
76561198320081093,Recommended,251570,33015005,Posted: 29 June,all,Tortoise Lover,A great open world zombie horror survival game. :D
76561198028228827,Recommended,251570,14914622,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hashbrown Yoda,"This game is by far the best zombie survival game you will ever play and this isnt even beta. I read reviews about the game being to predictable and that every 7th day is the most dangerous time to survive but I will tell you that is not true. I purchased 2 copies for my son and I to play and for over 150 hours we survived with no cheats. We have built several different types of structures to hold back the zombies including ones that may just be glitchs or exploits and we have found out some interesting things that may or may not change with later builds. Random gen is the only way we like to play. The unknown is what makes the game fun.Wood shack.. Like everyone else the first home we built was a little 10x10 wood shack. No windows, wedge shingled roof with center support with ladder for roof access. This shack only lasted a few days before we needed to seek something stronger.Underground.. We then found a good size neighborhood but was quickly overwhelmed with zombies and knew we wouldnt be able to bed down in the town and it was getting dark so we decided to make a big loop around the town to get the zombies off our trail and we began to dig a hole in the ground.  First night underground was stressful. The zombies become alot more active when the moon comes up and even underground we could be sensed. We didnt move one inch until the sun came up. The next day we decided to dig further underground and make a small cave for storage containers. over the next several days we extended our lair with tunnels under the town. We actually tunneled all the way to a house in the center of town and came up threw the floor only to be welcomed by zombies boarded up in the house. Our underground lair worked well until about day 100 then all hell broke loose. A little after midnight the game ai decided to send a large pack of about 8 dogs our way. We didnt think much of it since weve seen dogs come and go plenty but this time the dogs knew our location and circled around on ground level and starting digging in the dirt. It didnt take to long for them to dig a hole straight down into our cave and with our best efforts we tried to kill them. Didnt work. We had to abandon all our crates only to watch the pack collapse our lair destroying all our loot.Floating lake house.. Some days later we decided to give the floating house a try. It worked extremely well since the zombies acted odd when in the water and cant swim to the surface to attack our home. We lived in this home long enough to get 2k zombie kills and become bored with our home. The lake house is a great concept but the ai isnt able to do anything to you.. yet. Hopefully this will change since the game is all about keeping you on your toes.Cheats activated.. Bedrock spawned in. We now decided to work in creative mode and see what kind of structures can be built with the game physics as of now. We built a mega fortress out of bedrock with 4 floors, a water elevator, and a pitfall 65 blocks down to kill off the zombie horde. Now this sounds like the way you would want to play this game but we found this is not the best way. Because we used 1,000s of tnt and used power tools etc we heated up the map so bad that we had non stop hordes coming from all directions. This was still no problem for our fortress. The build was fun but after learning all the structure physics and just watching zombies come after us for days and never needing to do any repairs or kill anything we found ourselves bored again.So what now? Well the saying keep it simple is the way to go here. We restarted our server and decided to try the wood shack again but with some extra defenses. A 3 block deep trench with log spikes helped but the wood spikes made no difference. Placing the log spikes against the shack also helped alot. One of the biggest things we noticed was that using the crossbow let you be sneaky and kill and hunt without being detected even when close to dogs. For the remainder of our playtime we kept our part of the woods quiet and the only issues we have is the roaming horde every now and then but we just leave them be and stay out of site til morning. You will occasionally get a group of spider zombies scouting the area but we just snipe them off with our crossbows. This may sound boring but with this setup your not cheating the ai simply because you can make a mistake and draw to much attention only to find yourself running for your life in the middle of the night.Bottom line is this. The game is only in alpha so if you like the concept you should give this game a try. Hours of fun and off the edge of your seat madness. You will never feel safe and thats what makes the game fun. Keep it up pimps."
,Not Recommended,251570,20986602,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DoubleA,It used to be great. But overtime now it's become insanely hard and grindy. There are way too many things that kill you too fast early on. It is incredibly frustrating how horrible some biomes are too find basic resources. I hope this game finds the original magic it had in a challenging yet doable crafting open zombie apocalypse.
,Recommended,251570,12692805,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Motherfucking Desiree,One of the most underrated games.  I just wish that the servers didn't suck.
76561197964667833,Recommended,251570,13512093,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ananais,"I don't usually write reviews, play early access games or really go out of my way to play zombie games, however I gave 7DTD a shot and got completely hooked.The combination of sandbox, crafting, exploration and survival really works well, I have been looking for something like this for a long time and TFP really hit the nail on the head.The devs (TFP) are good, you get some kind of communication pretty much every day on the forums, updates are pretty frequent and they have IMO done a good job with the game so far, though there is still a lot of work ahead.The game is fun single player, but IMO better in MP. One thing I do have to say is that there are a lot of complaints about hackers in multiplayer, this however is only a problem if you play on an open server, personally I play peer to peer or on private servers, so I have not come across a single hacker so far. It is something to look out for though if you like to join random servers.Overall though, the game is great, I would encourage anyone to give it a go, you may well be surprised at how good it really is. Also don't be put of by all the hacker complaints as its not every single multiplayer game that has problems with them and they can be easily avoided for most of us unless you absolutely must play on an open server."
,Recommended,251570,25053511,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Walker Dwall,"I wrote a review 2 years ago, and thought maybe I should write a new one now that the game has come so far along.  This game has been in early access for awhile now but trust me The Fun Pimps are still working hard on it!  If you don't believe me follow Madmole on the forums, and follow the dev block on Tumblr.Now as for the Review, I still strongly reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys crafting, zombies, and survival.  Nothing else out there that I have played comes anywhere near this title.  As of Alpha 14 (Current Review) the game has felt a lot more polished than it has sense I first started playing back when the game was still in Alpha 5 or 6 (I can't remember)  Their is still bugs but that is expected as it is a early access games but for the current build there hasn't been any game breaking bugs that I have personally enountered on my Windows Platform.  If you tried this game during the Alpha 13 phase and didn't think it run good, well you were right but Trust me Alpha 14 has addressed many of those issues.  The game is also now out on console which I also own on the PS4 and plays well on it so far.The game is really easy to learn and get yourself into now that the basic quest system is in.  You now get a tutorial quest upon entering a game for the first time which runs you through crafting the basics of items and blocks.  If you like the look of the game but may not like certain features don't worry cause thats where mods come in.  The game can be reletivaly easily modded using the XML files located in the install folder or you can download other users mods from the forums.  It doesn't support Steam Workshop but The Fun Pimps have confirmed that it will when the game goes Gold (Approx)As of this review I have over 1500 or so hours into this game.  That speaks for itself as there hasn't been a single other game on my steam library that comes anywhere near it.10/10 - Seriously worth your time and money"
76561197984131899,Recommended,251570,16203231,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,IHatePuppies,"625 hours played!! longest I've played any game by more than double.. The updates have always been good, and they come often enough. One update even added an anti-cheat but when you start the game you are given a choice, so if you want to cheat/mod single player you can. I have loved 7 days to die and can't wait to see how far these guys go! The graphics are waaayyy better than the video above should probably update it."
76561198164914186,Recommended,251570,23660667,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GroundGame,"If you took the brain of Minecraft, the legs of The Walking dead, the soul of Left For Dead, and the arms of Fallout New Vegas and stitched them all together into a zombie Frankenstein creation, you get this.Verdict: 'Its solid, but we're going to need a bit more floss and needles, think the face is starting to fall off a little.'P.S Got this game when it was in early, early alpha, when the dogs were straight outta Resident Evil and the lovely Spider Monkey Men were beginning to roam on the range, and my nightmares. (Lol exilirating times)."
,Not Recommended,251570,24171597,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[MFC] Jigsaw,"Please don't claim OSX support when you don't yet have it. Game crashes on start. Beta version starts, but unplayable due to missing textures. Frustratingly disappointing."
,Recommended,251570,16386865,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bob Loblaw,>Spend two hours scavenging for items>See a horde of Zombies in the distance>Crouch down and slowly back away>Instanly killed by silent dog from behind>Respawn>Follow pointer on map to go and get the loot I lost>Loot is now surrounded by horde of zombies>Slowly back away>Instantly killed by silent dog from behind11/10
76561198072528099,Not Recommended,251570,21306576,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Omgods1,"used to be a good game, then you had to switch the inventory/player/crafting/looting systems around. everything is now more tedious and complicated, also it now takes a longer time to load and it crashes more frequently."
76561198064387547,Recommended,251570,15859667,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Titus Gray,This game uses the best ideas of several games while not really feeling like a clone of any of them.  Bravo!
,Recommended,251570,8944794,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ashamor,"So.  Where to begin?  First off, I've really, really enjoyed this game so far.  Granted, it's only been four hours of gameplay, but that's from a general lack of free time more than anything else.  I will almost certainly have a different point of view than anyone who started playing earlier in the Alpha, so bear that in mind.  My opinion will not have been infected (no pun intended) by having to have played through any ""broken"" builds.  I'll also try to be concise.- To begin, ""A mix of DayZ and Minecraft"" really is a great way to describe the gameplay, though the zombies are more of a menace than they have been in DayZ for a while.- Next, yes, there is only one world.  It is fairly large, though, so I expect to get another 10-15 hours out of play into it before I might start getting sick of it.  And that's assuming that there's nothing interesting underground.  That being said, there is a random world generation option coming.  If I get bored with this world before it is released, then I'll just shelve the game, and come back to it once it is an option.- More than anything else, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you play with friends.  While playing solo was fun, playing with a friend or two definitely makes the game more enjoyable.- This game is fairly difficult.  I've only been playing on the medium difficulty, and I still have to be very careful to be in a safe place by nightfall.- As for how well it runs.... well, I have a decent rig, with a 2GB video card, and the game on a solid state drive.  With this setup, I can run everything on maximum with no frame loss or lag whatsoever.- The only ""bug"" I've encountered so far is with the zombie dogs.  Their pathing is rough, they're hard to hit when near because they usually spin in circles between attacks, and they occasionally glitch through walls.- Speaking of bugs, the big flying ones are super annoying, and really the only thing I've found thus far that I dislike.In conclusion, if you enjoy zombie themed survival games, enjoy games like Minecraft, and can get a friend or two to play with, you will almost certainly enjoy this game.  I have so far, even when playing alone, and I feel like it was worth every penny even in it's current state.  I look forward to getting to continue playing this game as it is developed."
76561198053274930,Recommended,251570,19704224,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Fancy Lad,Games has been awsome.Unfortunately latest patch leaves it running at about 3 fps. Also they added body temperature which basically means you better be in your undies in a swimming pool if your are in the desert or you'll be dead in 10 seconds. Suffering from listenly to a small vocal fan-boy minority. Still giving it a thumbs up as I got my money's worth out of it and they may yet recover from the A13 patch.
,Recommended,251570,29581013,Posted: 29 January,all,The Nates Templar,"Let me begin with a few basic overview marks.The graphics aren't the best, sure. They're not fallout or dying light quality, but they don't need to be and they're still quite good for what the game is, a unity game. Still a great set of assets and a hell of a lot better than minecraft or unturned but with the same or I'd say even more freedom and crafting options.The sound makes up for the graphics when it comes to atmosphere, seriously, they got some of the sounds down really well, the hair raising clicks of a spider zombie, the growling and barks of the zombie dogs (I Hate these things), the nerve jittering sound of a wondering zombie cop, the music's ehish, not sustained and more just used in short bursts to indicate day/night/horde cycle.Now on gameplay!This is where this baby get's most of it's points. If you're into crafting games and survival, this is the game for you, with everything from hunger and thirst, to body temperature, infections and illness. You have to battle these things as well as the zombie hordes. Detailed and awesome, don't think you can just stand around in the rain and you'll be ok, your temperature will start dropping sharply if oyu're not wearing the right clothing. Clothing, just another aspect of the level of depth, so many layers and tiers, the fact that even guns and power tools are made up of individual working components and such, SO much depth and detail to this game it doesn't even need a story, survive and build is all it needs.A first hour or two Experience in 7 days to die:Have spawned on a road in the desert with some basics, a can of stagg err, I mean cragg? (something) chilli, a jar of water (It says it's a bottle but it's a jar god dammit), a flaming stick (torch), a bandage a backpack and underpants. For some reason I remembered my backpack and flaming torch, but only had time to put on underpants before the apocalypse hit.  Game tells me to make a primitive stone axe. Noted. Need wood. Start punching a tree into submission, eventually it yields beneath my mighty fists and coughs up some wood. I see my next victim, a stone. I charge at it, arms flailing and swinging wildly at bits of grass as I go. WHAP! whap whap whap whap whap, 40 punches later the rock still stands beneath my awesome power and has yielded little. I find a few stones on the ground, enough to combine with the wood and grass punchings to make an axe. I craft the axe, AH HA! I hold it aloft, I have evolved, I am man, I have made a tool. First course of action, charge the mighty rock beast with my newly created tool and beat it into submissions. I hit the rock repeatedly, feeling it crumble to my will offering up it's many goodies until CRACK, it becomes dust beneath my mighty tool! I am man, I am unbeatable! (Low grumbled growling) ZOMBIE! Ha, a moment ago I would have been zombie chow, but I have my trusty stone axe, ready to beat down this zombie. CHAAAARRRGGEE!! whack whack whack, Take that zombie I scream as I wildly hack at it, engaging it from behind. The zombie stops and turns, responding to these attacks unfavourably. OH GOD IT'S EATING ME, IT'S EATING ME OH GOD WHY, WHY DID YOU FAIL ME SO TERRIBLY AXE. I perish in an horrific fashion. My soul rises above me, to watch the zombie chow down only to be zapped and snapped back into the body of another survivor! I can only assume my spirit has possessed him because he TOO is wondering the wilderness with little more than a pair of underpants and a backpack. I start to walk back to my old body to see what has become of it. I trudge forward, barely noticing the dimming light of day until the sun has almost set. Night time approaches! I should find somewhere safe to hole up for the night before I can varily trudge to retrieve my stone axe for sentimentality reasons. A town, that should be a good spot to find some gear and hole up til morning, let's try there. OH GOD, NO, NO, ZOMBIE DOGS, WHY OH WHY THEY'RE SO FAST AND ANGRY OH GOD THEY'RE EATING ME annnnnnd death, floating away watching myself become Zomdog food. Well then, back in my underpants in the middle of nowhere wearing nothing but the baseball cap I found near my spawn point.Ok so, time to make a stone axe....11/10 Still addicted almost 200 hours in."
,Recommended,251570,15219345,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Manical,"For early access, this game is quite polished. Best zombie game ive played...ever.10/10**Update**Decided to update review sense it has been some time. Still amazing game, updates are not as fast as you would like but they are worth the wait when they are brought in.9/10 (Due to Minibike Glitches!)"
76561198038210144,Recommended,251570,12928165,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Satellite Killer,"Wandering around a PVE server found a guy in a ruined city building, stared at him for about 10 minutes moving closer everytime he looked away. He comes out and says in voice chat, come inside and loot up if you want. I come inside after being invited and throw a book on the ground saying into voice chat, you take book, repeatedly. He gets tired of my wierdness and says leave, I say YOU TAKE BOOK. He shoots me in the face."
76561197960491075,Recommended,251570,30913358,Posted: 2 April,all,amph,"I was truthfully a little sceptical about the asking price for this game, but this game is excellent! I play co-op with my brother on a private server, and we play for hours on end!Pros:* It doesn't feel like Early-access. The game feels largely complete, but there could be improvements* Crafting and gathering is a very fun aspect, and also important to survival* Death isn't just a number, there's a lot to lose from dying, which encourages safer play: something that makes the game more realistic, and more enjoyable* Zombies are a real threat at night-time, and seem to just sneak up on you. There is very little vision (you can obtain forches etc), but I like that this encourages me to stay indoors and safe* Levelling up earns skill points to increase various things* Fun co-operative playCons:* The AI seems a little sloppy* The graphics and animations feel like early 2000's. While better animations and models would be nice, the game is fine as-is* Currently you can't craft everything you see in the game, which is a little frustrating* The game lacks any kind of tutorial, so your first few hours will be largely confusing. This can be offset by just reading a Steam guideI know there appear to be as many cons as there are pros, but the cons are all negligible. Even for the asking price of $25, this game is truly worth it if you're into zombie survival games"
76561198079350603,Not Recommended,251570,33661807,Posted: 19 July,all,[HG] Snowyamur,"Ever playedMinecraft? You know, that one all-building, crafting, zombie survival game? I sure haven’t, but I know what the game is, and the gameplay and mechanics of7 Days to Dieare very similar to Minecraft. Although7 Days to Dieintroduces itself as a more somewhat-realistic game without the pixel-graphics and block textures, it is also possiblyMinecraft’s more disgusting cousin.What is 7 Days to Die?7 Days to Dieis an Early Access singleplayer and multiplayer building, crafting, open-world zombie survival game that takes place in Navezgane County, Arizona. Navezgane means “Killer of Monsters,” and it is a supposedly-quarantined area infested with the undead. You are a survivor that wakes up in some random part of Navezgane’s vast landscape, where you begin at Day 1, and you have 7 Days to gather supplies, weapons, and resources to construct, fortify, and arm a base to the teeth, capable of withstanding a massive horde on the 7th Night.The game can be played alone or online with others through servers. Online gameplay features servers that can include solely PvE, PvE or PvP, or solely PvP, in which the hosts of said servers can configure with the options to make each server unique and different from many others.Overall, it is either a survival game, or Survival of the Fittest, depending on whether you play alone or on a server.Pros (The Positives)Because7 Days to Dieis basically aMinecraft-replica, it has many replicated characteristics. In addition to being an open-world for the players to explore, the game emphasizes the freedom to make choices and decisionssolely on the player’s accord. You can build, craft, use, destroy, and inhabit whatever they want in this game, so long as they have the required resources. The possibilities are endless in 7 Days to Die, and you will almost never leave this game and move on to another one because of its massive variety.Additionally, different zombie types add uniqueness to gameplay. Some zombies are faster, stronger, slower, or weaker than others, and some are incredibly unique to their own design. The 7th Night do-or-die mechanic, hence the title of the game, gives players an incentive to continue playing and exploring the world of Navezgane to survive, still leaving you with many things to do despite you subconsciously believing you are satisfied and finished.Moreover, the crafting and skill-tree system in7 Days to Dieare huge and varied, let alone unique to the game. As you continue to progress in your survival marathon, you will find rarer resources and stronger weapons. You will transition from bashing with a club, to splattering with a shotgun, to decimating with a rocket launcher. Furthermore, the game has a leveling system that allows you to expand your horizons and truly define your character. Will he/she be a gun-wielding mechanic, or clubbing constructor. The choice is yours, and every time you level up, you will receive points to turn your character into what you want he/she to be.Best of all,you are never truly safe in this game.Cons (The Negatives)Because it is in Early Access, this game will have bugs and issues, that’s inevitable. Recently, the developers have updated the game to A16… and it has been quite a let-down for many players, including myself.Aside from it being in EA for about 3 years, which begs the question, “What are the developersreallydoing for their game?” Patch A16 turns this game from already bad to devastatingly catastrophic.Zombie spawns in7 Days to Dieare a joke. They were balanced in Patch A15, but with A16, I would turn my back for one split-second and notice about 5 zombies behind me, ready to pounce. This new spawning system is especially broken for prefab buildings, and for players fortifying a base on a prefab, beware. There is nothing wrong or n00bish about building and fortifying upon prefabs, but with A16, zombies are likely to spawninsideyour base, making your survival-immersion more frustrating and unrealistic.The skill-tree system has been revised, and has taken a heavy beating. No longer is there a freedom to unlock a skill with points whenever you want; some skills are now heavily-dependent on a larger range of skills, making the game more of a grinding simulator, constantly finding ways to level up faster so that you can unlock that game-changing perk or skill. Skills in this game have not entirely been ruined, but are so far frustrating to deal with and unbalanced. While it’s cleaner, it’s not neater.Harvesting resources in7 Days to Dieeats time up like an LMG eats up caliber bullets. Patch A16 has made harvesting wood harder, turning it into a chore instead of a necessity. Back in A15, you would have gathered so much wood by chopping down only 3 trees, now it takes 15 trees to match that. Mining for resources has improved somewhat with more varied resources received per boulder-node destroyed, but stone-farming has now become tedious work. Nothing is exciting about farming for resources, and it has worsened with A16.Zeds are the worst part. Their damage has been significantly buffed for no apparent reason, enabling them to claw away at cement structures as if they were made from papier-mache. Forget never being safe in this game, you willnever survive in this game for longwith this stupid damage boost.What do I think of this game personally?I like it, I played it with a friend of mine and we had fun building a base. Now it just seems like a mind-numbing chore for me. Additionally, because it is in EA, I’m disappointed with the state of this game being 3 years into EA, even for an Indie.Is it worth buying right now?For 25 USD, or 31 Canadian,absolutely not. While the game has lots of potential and has many things you can do, the time you invest in this game will be wasted given that with every patch, you need to restart your saves to avoid compatibility issues, and every patch is slow as a snail, making me think the developers are lazy. Not only that, but the gamedoesfeel unfinished, with broken graphics and physics everywhere.Overall, why do you not recommend7 Days to Die?7 Days to Dieis the very definition of a time-sink. You will spend countless hours playing and progressing, all to be for nothing because one patch demands a fresh restart to avoid compatibility issues. I like to prevent compatibility issues on my own mods forStellaris, and I definitely love not restarting the progress I already made.Again, it has been 3 years in Early Access for this game. What the f**k is going on with the work being made on this game?"
,Not Recommended,251570,19977960,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FADE,"This is a creative survival game with such a strong emphasis on survival that it leaves no time to create. Play in creative mode and it's clear the survival detraction from creation is intended to mask the numerous lengthy time sinks. It is not possible to balance time sink, survival, and creation with game settings. As such, this game fails to capitalize fully on any of its many features. In single-player. Multiplayer makes it playable, but security issues and concerns about spyware built in make multiplayer an exercise in banning hackers and surrendering personal data to god knows who)"
76561198050493469,Recommended,251570,26268931,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Yric,"This game is very good at aims to be. A fairly good looking survival, fps game with plenty of building, pvp/pve, skill points and progression as well as a fairly healthy modding community. Developers should not be receiving the hate they are getting because this game has the potential to be THE best single player zombie, survival and resource gathering game.I guess my only critisim is the bugs (which are to be expected from an Early Access title) and the lack of quality textures and graphics that this game has to offer. I recommend this game to people who may have enjoyed rust or dayz but would like the option of a single-player experience. 7.8/10"
76561198032082311,Recommended,251570,25891214,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Salty Johnson,"This is an excellent Early Access Alpha. I've owned a copy since release and I've been nothing but thrilled with the dev team and the progress they have made. Before I move on to the breakdown I'd like to remind everyone that its not uncommon for a game to be in alpha for years, most companies wont even announce a title till its almost complete. before the Early Access thing became popular I had the opportunity to alpha and beta test a few titles as a paid tester. The reason you should be supporting indie developers like this is to hopefully allow talented people to create careers and revolutionize the industry not provide you with a fully polished game for under $30 in a quarter of the time it takes to make a AAA title.Pros:- Active Development team- Solid Concept and good Zombie AI- Wide range of settings allows for completely costume zombie survival experienceCons:- Graphics have a long way to go (But the dev team has made good progress since release)- Mechanics change a lot (But this is potentially a good thing for an Alpha)- Multiplayer is a bit quirky but not unusable."
,Not Recommended,251570,18385304,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Angry Panda TV,"Dont get me wrong guys, the game itself amazing. Therefore I have 1800hours in it.But the ""public relation guy"" called madmole + most of the moderators on steam as well as on their official forum are really really rude. Ive got an example here after I told the developers that they HAVE NOT brought in a single feature(other than ""polishing"" their game) for over a year now(besides small ones that modders could have done within.... 4weeks?).Here is the example of text that you will face when you criticise their game(he is their graphics/public relation guy):213.239.212.234/untitled.png""GTFO out"" is their response to MATURE and POLITE critic!So as long as u dont criticise the game developers for not implementing any new features for about a year and youre fine with it. Buy it. I wont recommend it to ANYONE anymore!"
,Recommended,251570,28833210,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Joaquin,"Having just got this game a few days ago, I find it safe to say I have thoroughly enjoyed it thus far. I have only played it online with friends, so I can't say how the single player experience was (although, I know it would not be as fun as playing it with friends).This game is a refreshing take on the zombie survival genre. Aside from the multiple bugs (it is still in alpha, after all), the game is still enjoyable, with a diverse crafting system and complex building system, there is quite a bit to do in here.I am looking forward to future updates and fixes to this game!"
76561198176948382,Not Recommended,251570,20986085,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Merkinton,Not worth the $ it's should cost $5 max. Very glitchy! I know for a fact there are other zombie survival games that are 100 times better. I feel like im playing nintendo. Very unhappy with this game.
,Recommended,251570,24221205,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Destra Lust,One of the better zombie survival games out right now. 8/10
,Not Recommended,251570,32099251,Posted: 31 May,all,Lactose the Intolerant,"This game is amazing, despite the fact its a bit hard to recommend to many.Lets start with the positives. The gameworld itself is amazing. Nearly anything you see in the game can be interacted with on some level. You can destroy or upgrade literally everything you see. Very good interactivity. The combat is excellent- its so damn visceral. It actually sounds like it hurts when you hit something. The sound is amazing- every action feels like it has weight to it, from mining materials to looting. The sounds are all super satisfying no matter what you do in-game. The worlds come in two flavors, a hand-built world called Navesgane or a randomly generated world with extremely complex and impressive algorithims. Finally, there's the 7 Day hordes. These hordes are the high-lights of the game, in which zombies will rush you every 7 days. They are constantly running at night, and can see you through walls. Your only option is to build a sturdy base and play defensively, which I love. The game is also super brutal, which really adds tension and weight to how you play. Be careful while you play, because there's a lot on the line.There really is so much to like about this game that I haven't even listed here. Its just special as a game- a mix between DayZ, Left 4 Dead, and Minecraft. But there are a LOT of things about this game that I simply can't recommend to many but the most dedicated. For one, its brutally unforgiving, like I mentioned, which means a massive learning curve. Sometimes the game is just downright unfair. I had to tweak the game settings for my first one or two hundred hours before I could learn to play on default settings. Every time you die you lose overall health (called wellness in this game) AND you can possibly lose all of your stuff in your backpack, depending on the server. The game is real tough, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting here. If you want to learn how to do something besides what the bare-bones tutorials teach you, you better bone up on the 7 Days to Die wiki and watch some videos on good base-building. The game is also kind of ugly. Make no mistake, if you have a good computer you can really see some of the most gorgeous sights in gaming- but it looks chunky and slightly pixelated. Then there are the bugs- this game has been in ♥♥♥♥ing alpha since its release in 2013. No clue when the Fun Pimps are gonna finish this, but expect to play the game on cheat mode due to the frustrating amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that the glitches will subject you to (since you will likely lose your hard-earned items will need the creative menu to get them back). Also expect constant wipes of your game, since each new update requires it. Finally, one of the biggest things about this game that makes me hate it, is how easy it is for your hard work to get completely wiped out. The zombies, I understand. But having to lose everything in your storage devices because something underneath it collapses is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and its way too easy to get griefed in this game.This game is without a doubt extremely fun with more than one player (and if you lack friends like I do, it is still fun but only to a certain point before you run out of things to do), but I have to say that this game is very hard to recommend to most people that just want a game they can pick up and play. Its very frustrating, very difficult, very very time consuming, and it is way, way too easy to lose your progress. I only recommend to those who are truly dedicated to a unique and brutal experience.I can't give a proper 1-10 rating on this, since it really depends on the person. But if you're the right kind of person, this game will go miles with you, like it has with me."
76561198041239809,Recommended,251570,26602175,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Phantasmanomicron,"I haven't enjoyed many block games, but this zombie horde survival game scratches an itch I didn't even know I had."
76561198044945716,Recommended,251570,16367473,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Avarice,"The best first person survival game ever made.Buy the game, play with friends, die in a gas station explosion while looting an air conditioner on the roof.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,15246042,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,huevo,"After a long time of buying Steam cards, I finally got this game. And the second I got it, I thought it was just a mash of Minecraft and Day Z with no bugs. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WAS I WRONG...I am now going to talk about the good parts of the game... and some bad parts...PROs- Very large biomes and different types of zombies.- You can basically build and do everything.- Very large selection of guns.- Realistic effects (breaking your leg)OK... I know that this a Work In Progress, and here are some bad things that might be fixedCONs- You can break bones so easily- Zombies are OP- SOOO MUCH RAM 2 PLAY!!!!- Little or no selection of vehicles...As I said these CONs may be fixed, or there might be more added... thank you for your time to read this and enjoy the best survival game ever! >:)"
76561197971035567,Not Recommended,251570,30518522,Posted: 14 March,all,Grimah,"Forever Early Access.Now, as you can see I have played this game a ton, and I did enjoy my time with it otherwise I would not have played so long!So why don't I recommend it after so much playtime you wonder? Well I'm only doing this because this game does have the potential to be very good, but in it's current state it is not complete, and if you look at the previous year of updates it does not look like it will be for another 2 years.To give some insight into why, you simply have to look at the past updates, the large majority are graphical, or assets, building blocks, perk systems and objects. However they do not aim to improve or fix actual gameplay features. An example would be the minibike, the only mode of faster transport which was introduced nearly 2 years ago, yet still they will fall through the floor and glitch out in multiplayer all the time, an item that does take some time to gather materials for and changes the game, allowing you to range further away. A feature implemented 2 years ago that you still cannot use due to wonky code....Another major flaw is it's combat, which is clunky and unrefined. And the zombies lack in variation and animations, the game often spawning in 5-10 identical zombies that all run, move and attack the same and dropping out of thin air just yards infront of you.Basically they keep adding things without fixing or improving any previous problems.So I recommend not buying this yet, because I think YOU should get a better experience when you play this for the first time than going into it right now."
,Recommended,251570,11996271,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,weemcast,The randomly generated worlds pulled me back in after a long hiatus... I have not been disappointed!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wabbcym79aU
76561198140778709,Recommended,251570,23013856,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pay 2 Win,"It got this game a while ago and honestly didn't really like it too much, but that was probably because I was new to the whole craft/survival thing, and the game did not do a great job at making it easy to understand how to survive, but now the game is very friendly to start, and the crafting interface is extremely easy to understand even if you are picking up the game for the first time. With the added skill trees and the natural progression you gain from just doing random things such as using a bow or crafting is a really nice added feature.The game definitely gives you chills, and you can't hide forever, The zombies WILL find you, and one night what ever little shack you decided to stay the night in will be destroyed and you will have to run while a horde of sprinting zombies chase you down. Hope you have good stamina or GGWP.I did come across a nice place located in the middle of a river, (coordinates 580N, 70E) I've been shacking up here and it survived an attack from a horde, if you are having trouble this is definitely a good place to set up campOverall this is a very good game, and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a scary survival game.Pro Tip: Don't fight bears."
,Recommended,251570,34489959,Posted: 25 August,all,NEStefan,"'Tis a long one. You've been warned.I really, really love this game and all that it's about.So far it really falls short on certain gameplay aspects I will touch upon.First things first there is the big issue of the game being insanely hard at first, but it quickly becomes a breeze. By that I mean that in the beginning even on the highest difficulty setting possible you will get wrecked a lot, until you get lucky or use your wits. Then the game just gets ... Well, easy. If you establish a base well enough and mine all the necessary stuff you will reach a point where no zombie can get to you and even wave nights will be an easy ordeal.When you get your higher end weapons, upgrade them on the bench and so on - even the toughest zombies are an easy target. The game doesn't scale with your level of development and just higher health zombies wont cut it. The game needs more late game challenges and hazards to keep you interested, to keep you playing. To force you to explore and loot. May be more unique items that are driven to your character as a side quest? May be more quests in general, that are not just ""shoot x of this with y weapon and get a reward"" or ""here's my treasure"".What drew me in this game was the sense of adventure. The unknown horrors that awaited me. Figuring out the crafting methods and making up a strategy.That sense is still there. Each time I start this game I make a new world with feral zombies, spawning on full max and block durability at 200% (it does make my late game structures op, but also makes material gathering a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Then, when I get to the point at which I have a kickass house with all upgrades, all weapons and tools at 600 ... It's just boring. It's like lighting a very long firework fuse and after a long wait the rocket never launches."
,Not Recommended,251570,22136380,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,[LINUX]Linguine Penguiny,Broken on Linux for quite a few versions. DO NOT BUY ON LINUX/STEAMOS!
76561198056060506,Not Recommended,251570,11204234,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Evil_MoFu,The game has a big potential but preatty much each update ruins your saved games... not worth playing untill final non save breaking release IMO.
,Recommended,251570,35164915,Posted: 23 September,all,Arteken,"7 Days to dieThis game has been in early access for few years now. Developers still work on this and that is really good thing as they could have abandoned this already. This game has some bugs, but not too bad to ruin the game experience. It is really good game in my opinion. This is really fun in single-player and even better in multi-player.You have big map with many biomes. Those offer you a lot to do. Loot to find, skills to level, treasures to find and most importantly zombies to kill. You also have to build to survive. You can also mine and get cover by doing that. On top of all that you have crafting system. You can craft weapons etc.Surviving in 7 days to die reguires a lot of things to do. You need to have good gear and to get good gear you have to craft stuff with proper skills and resources. Also you can find special items. I can recommend this to anyone who likes survival horror games, specially with zombies.Grade for this game 8/10"
,Recommended,251570,9031664,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,VerySoft,"The building in this is a lot of fun, considering you have to take the structural integrity of your design into account, and the enemies are surprisingly clever about getting around your defenses~The wepons are easy to use and feel very satisfying~ Scavenging around for food and guns is dangerous and rewarding!And you have to be careful, if you don't maintain your base, the horde might just dig the foundation out from under it and your whole base might come crumbling down!Very fun to play with friends, and a very very promising early access game all around! Love it~ <3"
,Recommended,251570,23765735,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jaekov,"Is it fun?Do you like Surviving, Scavenging, Crafting, Hiding, Fortifying, Building, Mining, Exploring, BS underground physics, and crazy player made fortresses in true minecraftian style?If so, this game is worth trying. You may or may not like it, but for those who don't mind this game's current shortcomings, it's a hell of a good time. Especially with friends."
76561197999039395,Recommended,251570,25986188,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Rei,"Oh look yet another zombie game.  That being said it's a really really good zombie game.  After 1300+ hours of game play I am still enjoying this game.  I have owned the game since Alpha 6.  We're currently on Alpha 15 and The Fun Pimps continue to make this game better and better.  On the rare occasion they add something that makes the game worse and the community complains, they tweek it and find a way to make the game fun without making it easy.  If you like murdering zombies, building, scavenging, crafting or trading, you'll probably like this game."
76561197992949754,Recommended,251570,15820029,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Egon Spengler,"This game is so cool! I'm not worthy! I'm not worthy!No seriously, this game is excellent. For being an alpha game still under heavy development, it is fun. Several friends and I have made a few multiplayer servers to play on for days to weeks at a time. The developers are very active in the community with the players. While they do have a planned agenda, they do accept ideas from the players or suggestions and incorporate them into the game. This game will also be open for players to mod.While the graphics aren't the best I've ever seen, they aren't too shabby and they are friendly to low-end PC's. There are still a lot of bugs to be fixed. The content at the moment is a little limited in terms of building materials and the different types of buildings/structures that you encounter. However, they are consistently adding new content. I expect the finished product game to be nothing like the alpha I started playing a few months ago (for better or worse).Gameplay is survival horror rpg. You start with nothing and build your way up to having consistent food, water, weapons, and shelter. Alternatively, you could be a nomad and live off of the buildings and structures you encounter on your journey. Either way, beware of the 7 day night horde. Health, stamina, hunger, thirst, and general wellness are all taken into account while playing. Negative things such as becoming infected by a zombie, broken legs, dysentery, and bleeding out are all things that you will have to deal with during your travels.The zombies in this game are a force to be reckoned with. During the day, they are slow and can be dealt with individually if one is careful. If one becomes alert to your presence, many in the area will soon come to investigate. Fighting one zombie can easily turn into running away from fifteen. When the sun sets, the game becomes a whole new animal. Since the zombies run full speed at night, things can be absolutely terrifying. The sheer suspense of hearing the zombies search for you at night can be unnerving. Or the times where you are looting a house and you accidentally slam the cabinet doors in the kitchen only to realize that they heard you and they are coming.Did you ever wish that a game like Minecraft had formidable enemies that wouldsmellyou,hearyou, andhuntyou?Enemies that will dismantle your base and annihilate you if you didn't take proper precautions to protect yourself?That is this game."
,Recommended,251570,23376086,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,HKUSP,It's fun.
76561198002229133,Recommended,251570,15243926,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,iMDiismembered,An Amazing survival sandbox game. its a must buy. Also for an alpha its worth every dime
,Recommended,251570,28318853,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,† ѕQυβαиyx †,Only in Co-op :D
76561198028231082,Not Recommended,251570,8495827,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kevin,"As previously stated by many others, this game has tremendous potential, but it's also greatly lacking in content with correlations to its price. The concepts are somewhat new, and this is what makes it enjoyable, but because of the lack of content, the joy rapidly diminishes in the first few hours. The game is too pricy at this point in developement. I believe the price should be around 15$. Here are a few specific reasons why:1. There is only one map, and although its quite big, most of it is just terrain rather than interactive.(unless you consider dirt and trees interactive)2. Not enough crafting. There are an awesome amount of weapons, but the traps, tools and building blocks are lacking in variety. The game features farming, but there are only 3 different plants.3. Bugs and glitches. Sometimes creatures are stil spawning in thoroughly lit areas. When mining, the blocks sometimes fly out, or fall into space occupied by another block, meaning it cannot be accessed directly without removing the other block. When looking for multiplayer servers, it does not correctly display the current number of players in the server.4. Spawn trapping. When you dont have any weapons or beds,  and you die during the night, it is almost impossible to do anything without waiting till daytime. The zombies run at you and deal relatively massive amounts of damage, and they also spawn in waves.5. Lack of instructorial information. The interface is initally difficult to decipher, and the lack of any tips reduces our learning to nothing more than just clicking a button and waiting to see if it does anything."
76561198026527926,Recommended,251570,25175454,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,spam,"This can be a fun game, but the learning curve is a bit steep and the explanations in-game are awful.  For instance, the game tutorial tells you to upgrade some frames, but neglects to tell you that this is done by right clicking while holding the stone axe.It started as a themed Minecraft clone (look at some early YouTube videos and it is really obvious), but appears to be well on the way to becoming its own game (though similarities still abound).If you enjoy building games this one is pretty fun.  There is a lot of replayability due to the random map generator as well as the fact that the developers are still adding content to the game.  The developers appear to be genuinely interested in the game beyon just doing a cash grab which is refreshing."
76561198033910918,Recommended,251570,25591869,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,chibi.freak4,"This game is made for Multiplayer, i've spent 100% of my time playing it, solo. It gets boring and monotonous after the first 21 days. The minibike added a little bit of Excitement, but for some reason the Rendering of the world would keep me from going to fast. Exploring became boring once you were able to craft/repair purple weapons. The only fun part was building a base, which once done, rarely needed improving upon. I recomend this game because i DID enjoy it, for as long as i played it, solo, and would be infinitely more exciting/fun with more players."
,Recommended,251570,9027195,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Zanriel,"For some reason, many of the negative reviews seem to have been voted most helpful, but if you look at the gameplay hours on the negatives compared to the hours people have on the positive reviews, it's clear that this game has a very loyal, dedicated fanbase, and oodles of replay value.In a crowded field of zombie survival games, or just plain survival games, this one stands out for several reasons. First off is the fact that the enemies pose so much of a threat, that it really encourages cooperation. This game is a must to play with friends. There's something really satisfying about building up your defenses, setting up traps, and then fighting together to survive the night. It's something that Minecraft hints at, and Fortnite promises (if it ever gets released), but this game delivers.The PvP features are a bit lacking and, being an early access alpha title, there are quite a few missing features, bugs, glitches, and security issues. Cheats and hacks are still a problem on public servers. However, as a co-op base building / tower defense / horde survival type game, this one is tough to beat.7 Days to Die is a genuinely fun game, blending the crafting, building, and destructibility aspects of Minecraft with the over-the-top frenzied action of Serious Sam or Dungeon Defenders, where the enemies come at you in almost overwhelming numbers. It's already a blast to play, and continues to get better and better with each new patch. If this is what they've managed to come up with for an alpha release, I can't wait to find out what the finished product will look like.Don't let the haters fool you, look at how much time the positive reviewers have put into this game. Pick it up, make friends, play it with them, and go nuts building and killing zombies! You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,251570,21381810,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,IX Anubis XI,"WARNING:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME (For the time being, at least)This used to be one of the funnest games to play when it was around Alpha 7-10 (as you'll notice many other players have commented in the reviews) but right now, on what I believe is Alpha 13, this game is just horrible. It's overly complex with all kinds of menus and systems for crafting that make it take half an hour just to try to accomplish the simplest of tasks. It's become buggy and laggy as hell, and I know it's not my PC because I can play games like Battlefield 4, Crysis 3, Fallout 4, etc. on near-max settings and they're 10x's smoother than this game is now.Sure, this game was absolutely fantastic once upon a time, but now the devs have completely trashed this game AND up'ed the price (talk about adding insult to injury).I cannot stress this enough: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW (Alpha 13). You WILL regret your purchase, I promise you. The devs need to straighten this game out before anyone else should bother wasting time on it. It's truly sad to see how they completely trashed what was once a gem of a game... :("
76561198037865180,Not Recommended,251570,9325766,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Baron Hilltop,"Ignoring the funkilling ""difficulty""(not really a difficulty, more of a pain in the ***) of starting out and surviving without lowering any settings to make the game easier(I personally raised quite a few). The game simply doesn't seem ready to me, granted I only played it for 2 hours so take that with a grain of salt, but overall I really wasn't impressed.*All water is basically a pitch black hole of ""Iainttouchinthat"" I expect it to get fixed at some point, after all, it's Alpha*The one deer I tried to hunt didn't give the slightest **** whatsoever when I shot him in the head with a hunting rifle, 6 times, or when I chased him around and beat him with a stick after said 6x headshot,*I killed a bunny and got 3 skinned bunnies(ok)*Night is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, pitch black, can't see a thing(to be expected) but there's no way to sleep through it and if zombies are out there, they will find you, and they will♥♥♥♥♥♥you, brutally, mercilessly, and without fail. Torches provide ""some"" light but you need to get quite a few for it to be workable, which is difficult at times, depending mostly on luck.*No idea what to do regarding zombies, since they apparentaly have been blessed by Hercules and can fistpunch through stone/wood/iron because rotting flesh appears to be in a strength league of its own, again, expected to be changed/fixed at some point. But I'm skeptical on whether or not I should bother to make and defend a house if some scrub tier zombie is going to punch through iron to eat me. Like.. srsly guise y u do this.*I bought and played this game after checking out the video proclaiming skill trees, when I logged in, no skill trees, looked it up, and no word on them even being implemented at all. Ok, -10 points to Gryffindor.. expected to be fixed at some point.*Despite the game registering things in blocks, it's very difficult to gauge how large a ""block"" actually is, Hopefully an option to display block lines is released at some point.*Food and water are fairly easy to obtain by simply grabbing blueberry bushes, because those appear to be all over the freakin map regardless of biome/animal habits, but other than blueberries, wildlife food source is a serious pain to get ahold of and I'm not sure where else to get water other than looting, because I'm damn sure not touching one of those black hole lakes no doubt spawned by Satan himself.*No ""lock in"" option when making games, allowing you to easily get frusterated, log out, change settings, and go back in, which may be fun for some people but for me, if the temptation to brb and return with a missile launcher overrides my ""punching 40 zombies PITA meter"" well, there goes a good challenge.*This is the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥of them all, and is without a doubt the #1 cause of my ""would not recommend"" attitude. Flying. ♥♥♥♥ing. Zombie. Bees. I **** you not I'm sitting in a tent, with 20 torches everywhere, seeing all zombies coming at me, casually taking them out with guns/fist/knife/stick/w.e I feel like, and I hear this satanic buzzing, my only thought is ""you've gotta be kidding me"" No, the game does not kid, there are giant♥♥♥♥♥hornets the size of my dog flying around being annoying and of course attacking you. Know what the fun part is? Regardless of torches, you can't see them at night unless you have light going UP. Overwhelming zombies? Ok, Zombies eat through metal? wtf? I guess I can do that, Zombies run? Spit? Climb? Take 50 punches to kill? Ok. Flying zombie hornets? Nope **** this goodbye ~-~)pAlot more I'd like to point out but this review feels overly long as it is, the game itself sounds great, but as of the time of posting it's a bit sketchy for me, considering the fact that it's alpha I can look past it, however I feel as though the game is not CURRENTLY in a position that I'd recommend anyone to play.Overall I think it has potential to become an amazing game, but too many disappointments(coughskilltrees), ruined pants(WHY IS IT FLYING), and bugs(I hope that holetosatan water is a bug anyways) and lack of realism(tankdeer, punching through metal/stone with rotting flesh/etc) make it currently unappealing. I will, of course, check back with the game after a few updates and play it some more, maybe forcing a few hours in early(zombies.. o,..,,o) This is a game worth keeping your eyes on, but not currently playing, could easily be one the best games of the century!"
76561198027796616,Not Recommended,251570,11207311,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,boxesofordin,"This game sounded a lot more fun in the description than it actually plays. There are numerous graphical glitches (stretchy limbs, zombies stuck in walls) along with more frustrating mechanical problems (bushes blocking your melee, zombies hitting through walls, getting stuck on invisible obects) I understand that the game isn't complete but when I look at the plans that the developers have, there doesn't look like there is much to look forward to. The main attraction of the game is already there and now there seems to be only minor improvements on the horrizon.You would better spend your money on Day Z, or Dead Island, both of which are zombie themed and both of which have crafting systems. Maybe this game will pick up when, and if, it comes to completion. As for now, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,251570,14340678,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Armor's Nail,probably the best zombie apocalypse game iv ever played
76561198050461309,Not Recommended,251570,9372820,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,charmsy,"I really wanted to like this game, but its hard. It really is. Theres just so much stuff missing, missing animations, and its very hard to just get immersered."
76561198045898550,Recommended,251570,17089009,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Baccus,"I've been hooked on this game for weeks now. Here's the elevator speech:Is it a Day Z clone?  Yeah, sure.  It's what Day Z could have been if it wasn't abandonwear.  The developers are very active and release updates constantly.Is it a Minecraft clone?  Sure, you could say that too.  It takes some of the best features of Minecraft and implements them well.  Yes, as others have said, it is a Day Z meets Minecraft love child, in all the right ways.  The crafting system is deep, tons of loot and a vast variety of it.  Lots and lots of building options as well.Now to address some of the ugly stuff a few negative reviewers have said.  Yes, the game is rough around the edges.  It is and ALPHA.  Sometimes things will happen, for better or worse, due to error.  Sometimes it's tragic, sometimes it works to your advantage, sometimes it's just hilarious, but when you play this game, you need to know you're playing an alpha.  Yes, some of the textures are ugly.  Yes, there are balance issues.  Yes, some features are less than reliable.  That all being said, this is the best alpha I've ever played, and it is always getting better.It is also true that there is a learning curve.  Just like any game with deep crafting, building, etc... because there is a lot you CAN do, there are a lot of things to know.  Most of it is pretty intuitive, but you will find yourself reading forums and the wiki alot.  It's just that kind of game.I've been reading about rude moderators in the forums.  I don't know much about that, I jump in to find an answer to a question I have and jump right back out.  That may or may not be true, but at the end of the day, it doesn't make the game any less fun.BOTTOM LINE:  If you like open world survival/crafting games, this is the best one of the lot, and I've played them all.  Better than RUST, better than DAY Z.  WAY better than all the other abandonwear and halfassed rip offs in this genre that polute the Steam store.  Is this a clone?  Yeah, it is.  But it's one of those rare clones that's better than it's own inspiration."
,Recommended,251570,13541248,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Slayer99170,"Ate broken glass, then died of internal bleeding.11/10 would play again"
76561198007132508,Recommended,251570,30348243,Posted: 5 March,all,tharisdan,A truely great game!The game does not hold your hand and is unforgiving  .....and I love it more because of it.Can not wait to see what they add next!
,Recommended,251570,12387374,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Chimp,"A brilliant combination of your favourite voxel crafting game and your favourite zombie game, all in one neat infinite world multiplayer survival package without the abundent bugs and general lousiness of a crafting clone. This game has come a long way and is very well done."
,Recommended,251570,29575772,Posted: 29 January,all,Neoki,"This has become a favorite among the survival games in my library. Especially with the addition of random generated worlds, it has given a rejuvenation to the Zombie Survival style genre. Base construction is such an important element in this game and I love that about it, I was a huge sucker for legos as a kid and always wanted to build big forts that would get wrecked. This game offers so much for such a respectable price, and while updates take a bit longer than other games, they are HUGE and always bring some major amazing changes. The true experience is in the multiplayer, I really recommend playing this with friends!Pros:ZombiesAmazing Base ConstructionExellent Crafting SystemGreat Leveling SystemHuge GameworldZombie StrippersCons:Graphics are a bit dullSounds could use some work"
,Recommended,251570,21307082,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Marissa,"Alpha 13 has taken away and messed up a lot of aspects of this game that I loved, but I still recommend it because it's still fun.But I want the old forges back (where you poured iron/brass/glass/etc into a mold of an object and got that object instead of feeding a forge resources and having it poop back out whatever you want if it has the right tools attached to it). I want different types of meat back, as another reviewer said. Bear stew, venison stew, rabbit stew having different benefit levels? Loved it! I don't like the new UI very much and I feel like crafting has been ruined. The old display of food/water status above health and stamina was great! Why take that out? The server I play on has it modded back in and I'm grateful for that.The skill system is... really kind of ridiculous. Alpha 9 was the most fun I've ever had in a survival/crafting game. It was simple enough yet complex enough. I liked how crap fell on the ground when you cut trees or broke stones instead of just flooding into my inventory. I do like the new zombies but the ""assemble"" crafting system for weapons/power tools irritates me to no end, as does the fact that I can no longer make molds for gun components and make them at my forge. What happened, guys? I'm really holding out hope for A14."
,Recommended,251570,11963162,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Rizzano,"I've played quite a few zombie survival games and even non-zombie survival games, and the one game that rises above them all, alpha stage or not, is 7 Days to Die.  While it does, at times, get a tad on the boring side still traversing the map looking for points of interest and taking several in game hours to find them, and while it does get a tad monotonous finding the same 2-4 houses time and time again, everything else pretty much falls into place.Don't get me wrong, every alpha game has it's glitches and bugs, and that's why it's alpha, but you don't see 7 Days to Die ""starting over"" like some other games out there *cough rust cough*, or being only playable enough to craft about 5 things and that's it.  There are only two alpha games I have ever bought where I did not regret it, and that is this one, and Factorio. (check it out via google. It's not on Steam.)Now on to specifics.First, environment. More specifically, audio. For me, I always choose to play with music off, so I can't comment on any music, however I do remember the 7 Days to Die menu theme to be prety catchy. I will say that this is the ONLY game I have ever played where I have literally jumped or felt actual fear when playing. Some people have felt that while playing F.E.A.R., Slenderman, or other games, but I really didn't. This one however, when I am looting a house, and I hear snarling, drooling, barking, vomiting, groaing, screaming, breaking wood, breaking glass, breaking concrete, and metal being hit, all at the same time, and I can turn around and not tell where all the sounds are coming from, it gets pretty scary.  And let me tell you, when you can't get inside somewhere safe at night and those zombies and dogs are running at you and you can barely see, that, my friend, is pretty darn terrifying. I don't get scared by much, The Fun Pimps do a good elicting the fear emotion out of me when playing this game.I do love the ""AHA"" moments of the random generaed maps now as well when I DO discover new things. Like the first time I discovered twin factories, I stood in amazement and thought of all the wonderful things to do with it. I tried making a base out of it but discovered it was much too large to defend alone, but it sure was fun trying.  Or the first time I discovered a non-center city on the map, or got my final magnum part. Those were pretty cool moments for me.  Sure, one could turn on creative mode and just give yourself those things, but that takes the fun out of it when you are working together with 4-5 other people and you are the first on your server to craft a magnum, or to find a factory, or something like that. Those moments happen for everyone.The zombie pathing and A.I. is a bit glitchy, but they are fixing that soon in 9.2, so I won't talk much about that, but it is annoying.There are little weird things like destroying cement ramps outside of a parking garage and getting wood planks as a result, or being able to plant trees on roads. Nothing major, but still there.Graphically, this game is amazing. I only started playing about 2 days before 9.0, so I never saw the game personally when it was more cubed, but what I saw in videos, the smoothing of the world is a big step up. I never knew this was a voxel game until I read it.Playstyle is great, I wouldn't change a thing,Crafting is also great. There are so many things you can make, but I do feel there should be a few more things, such as the medicine cabinet, wall safe, and wall lights. I think those should be craftable. Maybe they will be in a future patch, I don't know.I don't know much more to say, other than all I really see are improvements from the makers, and they continue to do so. I haven't seen anything about adding fishing to the game, so I hope that is a plan at some point. Maybe it was a future stretch goal that didn't get met.UPDATED REVIEW: Alpha 13.8: I STILL highly recommend this game. It keeps getting better and better. Sure there are new bugs and still some old ones, but the developer team is small so they can only do so much. And it's still Alpha, so you are basically testing the game while playing.The new UI and Crafting system is great in my opinion. I see a lot of people with 1000+ hours say they hate A13, that it ruined the game and would no longer recommend it, but I am of the opposite. A13, IMO, made the game better. And A14 is around the corner and is going to have perks, an introductory quest, and much needed fixes and optimizations. You CANNOT go wrong buying this game, and as of this edit, it is HALF OFF!"
76561198131920541,Recommended,251570,14502679,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,charlie212,"This is my first review, so i apologise if it is rubbish!I started playing this game a few months back and have to say i really love it, even my partner plays it now, there is always something to do, building to upgrade food to collect etc etc.I see a fair few reviews of people saying that its to hard, you spawn then end up dying to quick, just one little tip for people starting out,  who havnt played the game. get some wood get some grass grab some stone, make your self a crossbow find some birds nests / trash for feathers and make some crossbow bolts, you can do that within the first few minutes of starting the game, makes it a lot easier then to not get murdered and chewed on by zombies.Overall, in my opinion the games is brilliant and there is still more to come! graphics may not be the best, but hey! its Early Access its not going to be top notch just yet, but there is still hours upon hours of fun to be had, whether it be solo or with friends.Huge selection of things to craft, large area to uncover, buildings to search, make a fortress, dig a hole, whatever you want! Just craft a crossbow first! (or aim for the heads).I personally reccomend this game to anyone who likes survival crafting building kill the dam zombies! (games)Dont give up to soon! try again!   10/10"
,Recommended,251570,14433339,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Glitch,"if graphics don't matter to you then this game is jewellots of time has been sunk into building my impenetrable bunker deep beneath a lake.Forge your self alies in the world and scavange for that much needed food, metal and ammo.You'll quickly note that this game pays for itself after you have picked it up.However still in early access and as has been showen before that your world and all the hard work could be wiped in the near future. worth picking up and playing still and you'll enjoy every moment of the bad graphics as zombies and dogs chase you down, tear your house appart and rend the flesh from your bones. got a sniper rifle? dont lose it unless you have a mold to create a new one.You will spend a lot of time competeing over supply drops as a lot of weapon crafting can only be done by dismatling and taking molds of the guns in those boxes, procedually generated nonblocky world is a pleasure to run around in, enimies and AI are some what lacking (they are zombies after all) enviromental hazards and hordes are abound, then everything changes at night...9/10 due the server wipes, will increase this after the game is fully released"
76561197972311660,Recommended,251570,11123069,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,BadgerOne,"Have 112+ hours in this game 91+ within the last 2 weeks. Look its an alpha. There are glitches, som hiccups but htis game has not only captivated my family and I  ( family now has 4 accounts and growing) its also become a feature on my Twitch stream. I have found much here i like from its crafting to it wide selection of server types. You want a Day Z experience with loss of everything when you die, they got that. Want a PVE server with more time to build amazing stuctures? They got that too.  In fact with so many server side options you can basically find a server type that suits your tastes.Has a result of my streams several viewers have also now purchased the game and I enjpy these adventures we're having. No matter how you like to play 7Days gives you plenty to do.  Once you experience your first encounter with a zombie horde you will be hooked.With Devs hard at work on updates I look forward to seeing what comes next for this game.Survive, build, create, its all there. An excellent work in progress and worth your time and money."
,Recommended,251570,13699504,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Geexmo,"Review for 7 Days to DieI'm going to write this review based on version 10.3 (29'th of december 2014)- 7 Days to Die continues to impress with ever increasing patches and fixes coming from the development team. I must admit i was fearing for this game to turn out like the crappy Day Z or something like that, but the way this game has turned out is truly remarkable. It is so good i even bought a copy for my younger brother just to support the development team. Why is it good you ask? Well, the game contains key features regarding the freeworld, survival, RPG genres, which for example is interactive wellness needs (food, water, medication etc.) and extremely detailed building recipes and such, example: you cut down a tree, create planks, create wooden frame, fortify wooden frame, reinforces = zombie proof. This might sound like a lot of micromanagement but i assure you, it is not. You are always active while playing this game, always looking for ways to get better guns or better resources to fortify your magnificent Fort Knox of Reinforced concrete with a 100 meter deep trench......... With some wooden spikes in the bottom of course.In short, most amazing game ever with the greatest potential i have witnessed.Sorry for the long post steam-community here is a little song to cheer you up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ"
,Recommended,251570,15881212,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Havik Salvation,"Epic Concept, but needs more work. maybe a solo campaign that leads into the online game play, so you don't just spawn in naked with no clue why or background. would help set the tone of the game, something like you start in the city in an apartment complex. news reel shows the horrors on the street, then an escape the city type tutorial.Also i would like to see more guns and maybe an attachments category. but epic thus far.keep up the good work guys."
76561198072820366,Recommended,251570,15591036,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Djznuts,Spent 4 days digging a 3 deep and 5 wide trench.Then discovered the TNT feature.
,Recommended,251570,30345466,Posted: 5 March,all,Hickspanic,Really fun. Upgraded graphics wanted. But overrall would recommend to anyone who like survival games.
76561198018680126,Recommended,251570,12783156,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,the_OTHER,"I was iffy about buying this game because the last early-access software I bought failed to deliver.  This game, however, is definitely proving worth the cost.  It's only in Alpha 9.3 as of this writing, but it's already better quality than many ""finished"" games I've seen.I think the best way to describe the feel of this game is to walk you through a brief chapter of my most recent game.  I found a building made out of stone, and decided that it would be a good place to try to fortify.  An overhang on the second floor blocked line-of-sight to the front of the door for anyone standing on top of the house.  I knew that was a major weakness; once the zombies get to the door, I would have no way of killing them without losing my last line of defence.  I decide to try to use the cinderblocks that are lying all around to construct another wall around the house, built in such a way that I can shoot down on the zombies trying to break through it.  Less than an eighth of the way through building my wall, I look up and can't even see the end of the line of zombies coming at me.My weapons are limited.  I have a crossbow, but it reloads so slowly that I'll only be able to take down three or so zombies before they get to me.  My sledgehammer can kill a zombie with one well-placed strike, but going into melee range with a horde that side would be suicide.  I've got about 100 rounds for a handgun, it's my only choice.  Taking careful aim to ensure headshots, I take down a half-dozen zombies.  More and more keep coming; I retreat up to the balcony.  I know that once the zombies get under the balcony, I won't be able to stop them from reaching me on the porch, but I reinforced the door, so I should be safe for a minute or two.  I try to pick off as many zombies as I can before they can hide under the balcony.  Once the end of the horde arrived, I knew that about ten have made it to the door.  I go downstairs to see how the door's holding up.  Luckily for me, the zombies aren't organized.  Some are trying to break down the windows, some are going for the door.  None of them have gotten a full breach yet.  I return to the balcony, trying to see if I can take down a few more before the wall is breached.  Some of the zombies notice me up top, and try to destroy a support column for the balcony.    This leaves them in a vulerable position, I take a few more down.  I hear breaking glass.  Trying to line up another shot, I fall off of the balcony.  There's still six zombies left, and they're all headed straight for me.  I open fire on them while backpedaling, hoping that there aren't more undead behind me.With the carnage over, I repair the ground floor.  Night is coming soon, and I won't be able to finish the perimeter walls before sunset.  Time to see if I can cobble together the last part I need to build a shotgun.  If a horde visits me tonight, that Beretta won't save me."
76561198000765631,Recommended,251570,11886305,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Hashshashin,"If you like zombie games more sandboxy, if you also liked the idea of minecraft and others like it but hated the oldschool look and feel then you'll like this. I mostly play on scavenger as it suits my laid back attitude, but if your a hardcore nutter then max out the settings and see how long you live for. You can play multiplayer or single (I prefer single mode) and the game has a whole lotta things you can fiddle with to get the type of game you want. Gather supplies, build stuff or just tunnel underground and pray, you play how you like which is epic imo. Even though it's in the early stages and thus changing at times (sometimes needin a good tweek) it's good fun I have have no regrets buying into, it unlike a few other greenlight games I've bought.A14 and all I can say is from epic to more epic, when this game hits release in the future it will set a new standard, even at this early stage it is an awesome blend of survival/crafting/rpg elements. I only play single player and lan with my wife and I have not had a game that has so many options or different ways to play it. You should be warned though, the game has two sides to it, first you must learn to survive the enviroment and then there's the z's, both will try to kill you, good luck."
76561198059740220,Recommended,251570,11622812,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,BigRowdy,"Just Plain Fun! Don't get too proud of your creations though..the zombies never stop coming and they WILL find you and try and destroy all those days of hard work you used trying to build a safe location. This is SP review only, well more of a comment than a review.  9/10!EDIT: This game just keeps getting better!!! If you are skeptical..browse reviewers game hours there are tons of people that have hundreds of hours clocked and this is ALPHA! What more proof do you need?Edit again: 2.5 years later and this is still my favorite game. Things have changed much, but all for the better. If you like survival horror games this is the best. If you think your a walking badA then your going to get frustrated. 10/10!3rd Edit The game is currently on sale for 10$. If you miss this game it will be the worst 10 bucks you ever held on to. Buy it. Gaming hours don't lie."
76561197970509804,Recommended,251570,12977071,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Celebrin,"A great new entry to the zombie/sandbox/survival genre.  I find myself playing this more than the others, open procedural world, easy server or client/host setup, huge community, mods, help, etc.Game worlds are like MC, have as many as you like, connect to whoever is open, multiple large biome types, procedural cities and prefabs, plenty of options.And the game is genuinely fun to play and build in both.  Be warned, not shown zombies go WWZ at night :)"
76561198038612458,Not Recommended,251570,32332246,Posted: 10 June,all,Willy,"This company lacks decency and professionalism, which makes me regret buying from them.There is a youtube video of Joel Huenink being down right belligerent during a Q&ATitled:""Alpha 16 Q and A 6""  (Warning very strong languauge)https://youtu.be/mWEXHxC4VVY?t=945Skip to 15:45 (Warning very strong language)This kind of attitude and indecency is littered throughout the company, right down to the forum moderators.Here is an example from their own website less than one day old.The moderator states: ""I will give people a hard time who cross the line into posting hate against the streamers themeselves though.""   Post #116 from the following link.https://7daystodie.com/forums/showthread.php?63806-A-16-to-Streamers-1st-I-disagree-with-this/page8A moderators job is not to provoke others or show signs of favortism with reguards to forum policy.Jump down to the followling post #117 A female states:""Can you please sign my (insert 4 letter word for a female body part)?""This post is in violation of the forum rules, however the post remains.Dig a little deeper and you find out that this person is a streamer.As for the game itself:This game does offer a variety of things to do.  Craft, harvest, hunt, farm, build, and zombie survival.However, I prefer a juicy rib or steak over a mediocre buffet that has been rummaged through.In other words, I prefer a good crafting or farming game, as opposed to a mediocre game with it all.Is it worth the price?  On sale it might be, if you prefer a buffet over a steak.But the real question should be:Do you want to support this type of company behavior?"
76561198103379386,Not Recommended,251570,21009448,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Loser,Can I go back a few updates?
,Not Recommended,251570,10090092,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Asura Twilight,"Don't bother buying this game. It has amazing concepts and gameplay.BUT, i bought it, i downloaded it, i installed it.i tried to play it. and each time it gets to the loading screen that says ""building the environment"" it crashes.it's unplayable. and even though there was the 8.1 update, everyone still has MANY crashes, glitches, andgame errors.I'm absolutely disappointed. and what a waste of money. Don't make the same mistake as i did."
76561198121817805,Recommended,251570,18598017,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,HashBrown,">Set game up, normal difficulty with friends. We've played other zombie games, ""this should be easy"".>Die within 5 minutes of spawning in>Find food>Die>Establish a base>Die>Finally meet up with friends in game>Mass deaths>Night time, zombies start running>Quit game""10 out of 10 would play again"""
,Recommended,251570,9762874,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,recostar,"With over 800+ hours played, I can still easily recommend this game.Hours of fun playing in Multiplayer with your buds. The game is still in Alpha so expect certain things to still be worked on. That being said,the game is fully playable, I highly recommend people who like Minecraft and survival horror games to pick this up."
76561198046446464,Recommended,251570,11535173,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Toughturkey,hard and fun
76561198007901880,Recommended,251570,15734405,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SunGod,"As of this writing, I've invested over 1,800 hours into this game since Alpha 5 was released in early 2014, and I haven't regretted it since. The dev team is clearly committed to making improvement after improvement, and the game is vastly superior to where it was a year ago. If you want near-complete control of your world, love building, crafting, and getting slammed with overwhelming zombie hordes in a post-nuclear apolalyptic world, this is your game."
,Recommended,251570,27978012,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BrokenTroll,Not the prettiest game but it has nice bones.Obvious that a ton of thought went into the mechanics.Devs are extremely active and post weekely youtube vids to keep everyone in the loop on things to come.
76561198007488824,Recommended,251570,9841999,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Murigrim,"Plays like a finished game!definitely worth buying.in my opinion better then dayz and rust because of the intensive crafting system and the hordes of zombies.the pictures dont do the game justice, the graphics are actually pretty good, as good as Rust graphics but less realistic then Dayzthis game is basically minecraft and Dayz combined"
76561198205431548,Recommended,251570,16303297,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kiri,"Survival Horror SandboxingStarting the game I found myself in a scene very reminiscent of Silent Hill. A wrecked car sat in the road beside me surrounded by my worldly belongings and the desert wasteland was entirely unfamiliar to me. Gathering up my few worldly possessions I boldly set forth into the unknown and was immediately set upon and ripped apart by a pack of wild dogs.So exactly like Silent Hill then.My next few attempts fared little better. I tried to break into a house and was snuck up on and stunlocked to death by zombies, I approached a car junkyard and mysteriously died with no apparent cause like in the opening of 13 ghosts, and I had another go at meleeing zombies getting myself stunlocked to death.Part of the problem is that zombie moans barely change in loudness depending on distance or facing, so a zombie could be trying to extract itself from someone's scummy backyard swimming pool 3 blocks away and you will still hear it hissing in your ear, which makes it hard to tell when zombies are actually close since you just stop listening eventually.So I quit for a couple of months and came back in another patch when the sound bug had supposedly been fixed. It's still there but not as bad as before, you can't hear them as far and the sound does somewhat scale by distance, just not very well, and I can at least tell the difference between a zombie 20 metres away and one 5 metres awayNonetheless it seemed like a rather dull survival crafting game. Zombies are easily outrun and can be dispatched with little trouble with an easily crafted bow which fires needlessly slowly and draws out the boredom.Maybe I'll go play something else. Oh look it's dark now. Oh I can see another player run... oh no that's a zombie! I'll just nerd tower onto this sawmill roof and wait for morning. Oh god they're ripping down the walls! The roof is falling down!How I survived that first night I'll never know but with that the true survival horror nature of the game became clear to me. As I told my friend of my experience he replied ""Just wait til night 7 lol"". ""Wait, what's this about night 7?"", I replied. ""You do know why it's called 7 days to die right?""Apparently on the 7th night a massive zombie horde attacks your location. They know where you are and will claw through wood, dirt and even concrete to reach you. If you stand on the roof or take out the stairs they will rip through the walls til the house collapses and brings you to their level. What's more special zombies start to appear including acid spitters, spider zombies, hornets, dogs and things that look like they belong in attack on titan! What's more, the hordes get progressively bigger every 7 days with new specials and more waves.So my next 3 days (as I had reached day 4) were spent in a manic rush to gather supplies and fortify my position. I dug a trench around the house I had taken. I filled it with spikes. I built an extra layer of wall around the first floor with an overhang to keep out spiders. I blocked up the windows and reinforced the doors. I searched for meds, guns, crafting books and crap metals for the defenses. And finally the fated night came around...As the sun set the night was erril quiet. 10pm came, 11pm came, eventually midnight came without any activity. Perhaps my friend was wrong I thought, disappointed and relieved at the same time. Anyway by 6:30am when zombies stop running I was barricaded in my bedroom with 5 zombies clawing at the walls, one of which was crawling in through a gap, with 2 bullets left, 5 arrows and a slither of health!Somehow I managed to survive that and get patched up but it was clear my defenses weren't good enough. And so the cycle continued. 7 days to gather resources and prepare my defenses, 1 night of sheer hell which progressively gets worse each time. I kept thinking I would reach a point where all challenge would end. At one time I had a 4 block deep trench, a 3 block high wall made of metal trussing the second strongest material and one that can be fired through, very high hp, a shotgun, a handgun, hundreds of bullets and a ton of supplies. That was night 42 and saw a ton of acid spitters, I nearly died 3 times that night! I didn't realize they could spit at me through trussing, then they dug under the walls and attacked me from behind, then I retreated into my house and thye somehow made the roof collapse on me by climbing on it!I do think I'm finally at a point where I'm untouchable though, night 70 and 77 saw me emerge without a scratch and my defenses barely scatched but I've now reinforced the sides of the pit with 2 layer thick trussing, and placed another double wall with spikes running under it (so if they break through a bit they continue taking damage and their bodies likely block the hole) before the trench. And I now have a sniper rifle as well. However I was playing on moderate settings and I'm told the last patch dropped the number of zombies to the point where veterans consider the game trivial and even released a patch to restore the zombie numbers!So I think I will wait a few months til more content is added, then try again with max difficulty settings and the community challenge patch for the challenge of my life!In the end I think what distinguishes 7 days from other survival crafters is that it's a true sandbox survival horror. You simply can't waste time on extravagant building projects like in Minecraft, due to building integrity and the very dangerous night hordes you are forced to build for defenses and cannot cheese the game with floating houses. Every minute is precious as you rush for resources or to finish that row of spikes before fun night, and until you become an experienced player you will never feel safe, and even then there are plenty of options for returning the game to the hopeless survival hell we love so much :DSo final verdict is 8/10. The sound bug needs fixing, there needs to be more variety in enemies and the map edge death zone (the junkyard that killed me) needs to be more clearly marked. Can't comment on the multiplayer Reign of Kings put me off that. All in all I'm glad I stuck with it!"
76561198081289170,Recommended,251570,24041611,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LollieRot,1. Join server with BF2. Figured out the hunting and leveling system3. Got to Day 15 with no death4. Start removing wood frame awning from top of building5. Wood frames collapse onto the storage chest with all our food and mats6. Cry10/10 Would right click broken-glass again.
76561198120110078,Not Recommended,251570,19789275,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ad Noctum,"This game just keeps getting worse and worse with each update,i check it out each major update and keep finding less and less reason to play,alpha 13 made it so laggy on low graphics and it seems like they made zombies stronger and faster ,while shortening your reach ,this makes any attempts at melee'ing zombies worthless and things in general just seem worse,i would advise anyone to pirate this game first to try it out before purchasing, especially when they're charging 28.00 for an unfinished poor game."
76561198098402285,Not Recommended,251570,19789211,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Septerra Core,"i actually enjoyed this game up until version 13 at some degree. but after this versions ""fix"" it is clear that the game is not going to be fixing the most dire problems as spawning issues and spawn rate that have been an issue for a long time now.upping the grapics and crafting is not going to get players to enjoy the game, when enemies are ""teleported"" magically 5 to 50 feet from you and they ""know"" your location regardless of you are hidden or visible. my zombie lore may be limited, but i never heard of a ""this way to the living"" compass built in to the zomies head before."
,Not Recommended,251570,21420283,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,InfinitySquared,"Spawned in rainy snow biome, made full clothes then got wet. This led to stage 2 hypothermia that drained my stamina until I was mauled by a horde.Spawned in the same biome 3 miles away from where I died and this time I stood on my camp fire. Five real time minutes later, I finally stopped having hypothermia, but was still too cold to go get more fuel. Horde found my camp and chased me off. I soon froze.I was able to escape the snow, but ran into a city where a fat police spit at me. Was getting wet the entire time. Chased into the snow again and had the second situation happen and died.By this time I had so little max health that anything could take me out. Got stunned by a lumberjack horde and died.The run I was able to make a base, the game practically forced one style of building or else your base will crumble and all the above will happen to you over and over again.Also, you need a dedicated server to play on, meaning you need to configure your network settings and spend at least an hour setting things up to have all the above happen to your merry band of survivors. Or you could buy a server from a third party hosting service.Or you could use the game's abyssmal ""Survival MP"" function that breaks every few in game days and forces you to reset your progress.TL;DR This game is another example of wasted potential, While it has good concepts, it's too difficult early on, forcing players to die numerous times before giving up, and looking up how to work around the game's numerous unbalances and glitches. Ask yourself this, how much crap are you willing to look past?(For the record, I was actually able to configure my own network to create an actual private dedicated server, but the program I used apparently was abandoned and no longer works. IMO, it's not worth it to wrestle with my network and the game again to get another server running.)"
,Recommended,251570,14330773,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,StickyHamster,"I keep looking for a zombie game better than 7 Days to Die but I can't find one.9.9 our of 10, because nothing is perfect.The game is still in development but already feels like a very complete experience.If this isn't in your Steam library yet...what gives?Edit on 5/9/2015 ( Over 550 hours played, YouTube videoshttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJNVDfVFbGLwj58gKQzeU-gand I frequently stream 7d2d ontwitch.tv/stickyhamsterTHIS GAME IS AN EXTREME VALUE WORTH EVERY PENNY AND MORE EVEN WHEN ITS NOT ON SALE JUST BUY IT ALREADY PEOPLE )"
76561198045938670,Recommended,251570,33930889,Posted: 31 July,all,[ff00ff]WittleGuppy,"First off. This is not a pvp oriented game. If you wanted this game thinking,"" oh boy i sure can't wait to get on and start ♥♥♥♥in people over and takin their♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; then go back to dayz or h1z1. This here is what we call an actual zombie survival game.Now to how I feel about this thingy.This is that one game thats been sitting around for years and everytime you download it to see whats new the latest update is quiet litteraly a role of the dice to see what's ♥♥♥♥ed up this time.  Seriously though, some patches will make the game super fun and balanced and then we have patches that have zombie hordes spawning 10 feet away from you in every direction you aren't looking.If you've been with this game since it started you know just how different everything is nowadays.Remember when they had the minecraft crafting system?and the wacky blocky terrain? XDMan the memories though.Well the way I see it, this game is either super addictive and i play it for weeks. or i log on and log out within the first hour and pack it away for the next 4 or 5 months.I recommend this game not because it is polished and balanced but because it is just such an enjoyable rediculous mess with so much to do."
,Recommended,251570,35043966,Posted: 18 September,all,Krevan,"Been keeping an eye on this game for a couple years, but never pulled the trigger and bought it. Finally did that just over a week ago, and absolutely no regrets. Love the crafting, the building, and even the digging. I'm a huge fan of underground bunkers, and the idea of hiding in (almost) plain sight, so when I found out you could dig, and live, underground, I instantly was hooked. The idea that you might be passing a large corn field, and there could be a massive complex of tunnels and rooms underground is awesome.On top of the vanilla flavor of the game, you can also mod it to add more features. I've looked up and found mods that allow you to have classes which automatically give you specialized skills, so you can jump right in and play your way. You can find different User Interfaces, or even write your own one, with the ability to completely edit the game's XML files. The best part of the implementation of modding in 7D2D, is that if you edit your XML files, you can still join other people, and not worry about getting banned for altered files, because when you're logged into a server, you're using the files from that server, instead of the ones on your system.Of course a game in Early Access like this one, doesn't come without flaws. Above all, in my opinion, are the animations and graphics. While your primary perspective during your time in 7D2D is First Person, there are occasions, when playing with others, that you notice that characters don't have look up and look down animations in Third Person, so when a friend is pointing a rifle at your face, he might actually be looking straight up in the air, trying to figure out where an air drop just landed. Also, when riding a minibike, later in the game, you notice a stuttering that, at first, appears to be FPS lag, but after closer inspection, it appears to be a game sync issue, that makes riding a bike hard to get used to at first.All in all, I highly suggest getting this game. I paid $25 for it, and at the time of writing this review, I've gotten more value out of this game, than any other game I've paid for recently. The price per hour is unbelievable."
,Recommended,251570,29566077,Posted: 29 January,all,❂ vιитαgє ❂ | CS.MONEY,"ThisGameIsTheBestSurvivalGameEVER.This game is the most realistic and well put together game i have ever played. I use to play H1Z1, but they ruined that game. Trust me i have over 200 hours in it and it is not fun anymore. This is the next big survival game."
76561198193212663,Not Recommended,251570,22602242,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,already.forgot,"A year ago, I would have recommended this game highly. I spent hours and hours building bases, crafting weapons, surviving hordes, and the ambiance of the game was so well crafted I found myself having nightmares about getting overrun by zombies.But Alpha 13 was a bad start and Alpha 14 has just made the game downright unplayable. I think they've focused so much on securing deals with Telltale, they've lost focus on delivering a quality experience to their original gamers.Here are my complaints:1) the weather system is ridiculously illogical - I've been in heatstroke during a snowstorm. As a player, you will spend nearly all your time just searching for water and drinking red tea. This is not hyperbole - in a 24 hour day, I spend about 16 hours just trying to keep myself hydrated.2) while the graphics have improved dramatically, the bugs they've introduced are horrible. Zombies randomly clip through walls. Hornets spawn an endless stream of zombies so hordes several days.3) it's become a grinding-based game just trying to accumulate enough materials to build and maintain a base. Exploration isn't all that possible now unless you play the game fully-nomadic, in which case, you desperately need a minibike and loads of gas so you can simply outrun the bugged hordes.4) quests and skills weren't thought out well. They're there just to be there, not because they add any value to the game experience.5) on any difficulty above Scavenger, due to the spawning bugs, the game becomes impossible to survive as the weapon balancing has been readjusted so your guns are virtually useless vs. the literal hundreds of zombies that will come your way.I really, really wish they'd focus less on the aesthetics and understand that gameplay is more than appearance."
76561198121834616,Recommended,251570,23825245,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Purple Noob,Minecraft for grown-ups. Have played the game for a while but still get goosebumps when suddenly surrounded by a group of flesh eating zombies and get jumped on by dogs while trying to get some heavy needed resources.
,Recommended,251570,11953563,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,tieio,Most addictive game I have ever played and it is not even done! It's greatest strength is customization and the ability to make it just the way you want in terms of balance. I am certain this will get even more depth in the future but for now there is a lot of range in what you can do to make the game play just how you like it.The team works hard to give updates and really cares about what fans have to say. A quick visit to their forums will show that these guys have a great grasp on what their followers wish for.
76561198103284618,Recommended,251570,12462078,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,eL_eLaNio,"2000 hours on a record in last 2 years - is this game worth of the money? YES!  I agree with some of my friends that graphic in this game is a bit old style and could be much better, but this is a sandbox game and it is the best sandbox at this time - here are so many ways how to play it, building etc. The game has competitors like Ark and Rust, but they are slightly different in all ways of the gameplay. The game is many years in the Alpha stage - shame, I will agree on this point too , but this is one of those games where Devs still hard working and every couple months comes out new patches, fixes and massive changes - what makes the game  a bit different from every new patch. Plenty of server and players, starting with PVE and ending on PVP.There is a bunch of mods on different servers, different blocks to build with (depends on server), where you can build block by block your dream mansion in massive in sizes world map.You still have doubts about the game? Come and I will show you!:)"
76561197982352489,Recommended,251570,11619659,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,=Tattoo=,"Why This Alpha Game Is Worth Paying For..Reviewing a Z game nowadays almost seems played out but I feel this one is necessary due to the current amount of them available.Since L4D released in '09 the Z craze has definitely infected the gaming community. Fast forward to now~I've recently played DayZ, Infestation, Dead Linger, Contagion, and now 7D2D...A few noticable difference that stand out:1. 7D2D is very playable in it's current state with a highly interactive Dev team.2. Everthing in the world is destructable and usually provides resources.3. Your toon can jump!4. The world is persistent offline and online which means your structures and mines stay there until destroyed.5. Crafting System!! <<-- This is one of my favorite aspiects and I cannot  WAIT until they add more recipes!!6. Construction. That's right you can build the zombie survivor base you've always dreamed about.7. Miining.  Mining ores then crafting items. Mining with explosives! +108. High scaleability of server configuration settings which gives complete control of the game environment.9. Hunting and Cooking!! <<--Venison stew anyone? Maybe a blueberry pie..10. Farming. Rooftop Farming FTW!! +1011. Zombies! As many or as few as you like, depending on game settings.a. Zombies Never Run = 0 or 1b. Zombies Always Run = 0 or 1c. Zombies Only Run At Night = 0 or 1d. Zombie Agression = 1-5e. Zombie memory time? 60 - 180 secondsf. Zombies are lootable!12. Character XP/Level system is there but not functional, yet..13. Mod support and toolkit for modeling/worldbuilding and custom scriptingHopefully, this review was helpful for you, I'd like you to spend your money on the right game the first time.I'm sure the others will mature to some great things, but this game is FUN. 7D2D shines amongst the rest in my book and those 13 reasons are why."
,Recommended,251570,13774624,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Anpanator,"Speaking as a Linux gamer:Multiplayer is currently a bit buggy (several exploitable glitches and bugs), but that's okay for alpha software. Singleplayer works without issues for me.Overall the game is actually quite fun, especially in Multiplayer (I love PvP). Having to consider other people wanting your stuff (or your life) makes it all the more fun when building your fort and sneaking around in a city or other point of interest to avoid getting seen by players is quite thrilling.If I had to name any, I can think of two downsides:Sometimes, Easy Anti Cheat (a third party tool included to ward off cheaters) is being a pest and causes problems (mostly kicks you from a server). It also didn't solve the cheater problem one bit as far as I can tell. I still see the same amount of cheaters on EAC servers. So you gotta find a server with capable admins that use global banlist and have plenty of staff around to ban cheaters immediately and can restore chunks that have been vandalized by said cheaters.Although not strictly a problem with the game, the developers have an absolutely terrible communication policy. If you're interested in what I mean, you can read up on the whole Linux drama with this game and it will become clear to you what I am getting at. It was bad enough that I felt the need to include it in this review and I still think they should improve this.All things considered, though, I still recommend this game because it's fun."
76561198017572964,Not Recommended,251570,16895618,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,jon,"EDIT Alpha 12.1: Nope, sorry.  Still not enjoying playing this anymore. It is ridiculously dark pretty much all the time. Zombies can be heard almost regardless of distance but, because it is so dark, I can't actually see them until they are almost on top of me. The melee animation looks really stilted now for some reason and even on Adventurer with low spawn settings, zombies are everywhere, all the time. Bears, ditto. Yes, bears are less common since the patch but I still seem to spend half my time running away from either them, or dogs. The Crafting bit of the game has been over run by the Survival Horde part even from Day 1... Maybe I'll come back to it in six months and have another look but, right now, it's on my Can't Be Bothered To Play list.This is really quite disappointing.  I really enjoyed Alpha 11 and clocked up well over 330 hours playing (yes, I know that's not much to many hardcore gamers but it's still my most played EA game on Steam). A12 appears to be rather odd in places and the community discussion boards appear (appear... ) to have a reasonable number of people making legitimate suggestions for improvements and being banned unreasonably quickly. It's definitely very dark, the weather effects are a nice touch but have reduced the visibility substantially and the wet-and-slimey look to the ground is just plain weird.  The bears are an interesting addition but appear far too often in my opinion and the zombie spawn rate appears to have been increased dramatically.I hope the Devs are listening more than some moderators appear (appear...) to be.  This should be an enjoyable game - my last few hours in Alpha12 (Nomad setting) have just been frustrating, dark and stealthing past zombies now seems almost impossible as there's likely to be a dog or bear just around the corner.  The ramping up of the difficulty seems skewed to me.Anyway, I hope those of us who have backed this game in EA (which, after all, is surely the whole point - to obtain player feedback on the game) will be listened to.No, I'm not whining - I'm just looking forward to a patch that resolves a number of the legitimate issues raised by those of us who are supporting the Devs during Alpha in the hope that the final version will be as great as it deserves to be.So, at the moment, I can't recommend this game to new players. I wish it were otherwise as Alpha11 was really good."
76561197991293250,Recommended,251570,13484783,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SnakeEyedBlaze,"Found a car and a dog, looked in the car and got eaten by the dog. 10/10 Would die horribly again."
,Recommended,251570,28322223,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bombsawayboy,Phenominal game. Truely amazing.I suggest finding freinds to play multiplayer with becuase the gameplay truely shines when you're co-oping or competing. I imagine two large teams facing each other would be very Walkind Dead like. This game is better on computer than console becuase of the interface and crafting system. Hope to see more content added in the coming year! 4.5 stars.
,Not Recommended,251570,8471614,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TheHolyInvader,"Just because you are unique, does not mean you are useful.7 Days to Die has a problem. It has many problems.Is the Zombie AI awful.....yeah...Are the weapons incredibly stock and unappealing.....Yeah...Is there no risk involved when you can just run back to your house and get your shotgun back after dying.....Yeah...But most of all, 7 Days to Die has one serious problem. It mixes and matches far too many concepts into spots where they do not belong. Base building is slow and unrewarding, when even stone walls can be broken down by the horde, and when breaking the game mechanics is the only way to provide safe shelter. Mining is slow and unrewarding, digging for hours to only come up with coal and nitrite, only to say ♥♥♥♥ it, and use dynamite to blow open caves simply because you can. Combat is slow and unrewarding, when even a huge horde can bring you nothing but some bullets and pieces of paper. Crafting is slow an unrewarding, and in essence, bland, using the usual PICKAXE, AXE, EXPLOSIVE, FENCING objects to build, bringing nothing new or surprising to the table. This game may be an alpha, it may have some quirks, and it may not be perfect yet.But if steam had a return button, I'd be smashing the refund key until Gabe kicked down my door, gripped my wrist ferociously, and lovingly whispered into my ear, ""Cut that♥♥♥♥♥♥out""It's an alpha, and it isn't a fun one, not worth 30 dollars, and certainly not worth a moment of your time."
76561198103337948,Recommended,251570,9875812,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Growler,"i played 6-7 hours no bugs at all. wouldnt even guess it was in alpha. plays amazingly. solid 40 fps. looks beautifull,plays beautifull 5/5 makes dayz look like a puddle of wank"
76561197961089804,Not Recommended,251570,10813030,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mr.stealyourgrandma,"I never felt so ripped off for 19 bucks.  This game plays nothing like warz, dayz, rust, the graphics, sounds and world renderings are absolute garbage.  This game felt like it was made in 2005."
,Recommended,251570,16410809,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Statix,"Played with friendBuilt BaseZombies got into baseShot zombiesFriend ran in way, accidently shot friendEveryone died.11/10 - Would shoot friend again"
76561197964562023,Not Recommended,251570,19670686,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ashamed,"Before the A13 update: I loved playing this game, it seemed decently balanced, the wait times to craft or break things didn't seem too slow or too fast.A13 Update: 1st Spawn: I was right next to an irradiated zone so I died seconds after walking into it.2nd Spawn: Was in a snow biome, I was fully clothed and standing pretty much on top of the fire and I still froze to death. 3rd Spawn: Was in a desert next to wastelands and irradiated zone, almost died of heat stroke a few times, started getting the hang of the new UI (it's terrible) when I came across a resort, I killed the zombles and proceeded to loot the place... it took FOREVER to break into, each door, each baricade takes what seems like years to break, I broke into ONE... yes just ONE room after at least 2 real life minutes of just sitting in one spot staring at the door, I got so bored that I quit right then and there and will not play this game again, at least until a lot of balancing is done.The devs took a fun and what seemed to be (at least ot me) a fairly balanced game and turned it into a grind fest, with lots of just sitting around breaking objects for what seems like an eternity. I used to be addicted to this game but now I can't stand playing it."
,Recommended,251570,9369206,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Cykuno,"If you like minecraft, This is a mature adult version :DUpdate: This is more realistic and structural integrity plays a huge part in making your fort. The Zombies are way more advance when compared to the typical creepers in minecraft."
76561197980874017,Not Recommended,251570,20577953,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Moving Target,"The Game:Survival, horror, zombie and crafting game. Think minecraft but better looking, more intricate crafting and faaaaaar scarier.My Thoughts:When I first had a crack at this game it was brilliant, building my first castle and sniping zombies from the top was rewarding as was the scavenging all the materials required for it and fighting zombies with a stone axe. The game was tough but not overly so. You could got to the easiest setting and learn how it all goes then try harder setting knowing how to build the essentials.Then there was a patch that smashed my hard work. So decided to start again, another patch, hard work smashed. I decided to take a break to preserve my sanity (admittedly a small amount).Well I came back for another bash after a while and things changed for the worse I think.For example, while playing this game now my innner geek would ask (or scream and gibber) the following:Why am I dying when cold? After constructing a shelter, clothes and stood next to a fire.Why am I dying when hot? After removing all my clothes, standing in shade, stood still and drinking water till I'm full.Why am I dying at all in easy mode with no zombies????Anyway, to the review.Pros:Crafting is quite easy, and gettting materials is fun as everything is destructable. Try going into creative mode and laying tnt around the base of a building then detonating it all with a missile.The graphics are quite nice and the atmospherics are excellent. When the zombies come for you it sends the hairs on the back of your neck right up.The base building aspect is really satisfying, if you manage to live past the first few days.I like the physics too, if you do bother to blast the hell out of that building I mentioned you will see it all fall in sequence, very well done to the devs for that.Cons:Feels too hard mode even in the easiest settings. I know this is a survival game but if you set a game to the easiest mode and STILL die if you are spawned in an extreem biome (snow, desert or the blasted lands) then where's the fun? In previous iterations of this game you could build something glorious, turn on the zombies and see what happens. Now I can barely even survive to build a wooden shack unless I'm in creative. On a side note, there is nothing more demoralising as being told by the game to build a shelter, fire and clothes to stop hypothermia only to die, (very slowly) in your shelter in a lovely plant fibre outfit and cloth armour next to a fire, from hypothermia:(I might try this game again in the future, to see if the devs put something in to turn off the dying every 2 seconds because of being too cold or hot. I would have given a thumbs up before finding out some patches don't allow you to carry on with old saves. However, right now I can't it give a thumbs up."
76561197982682838,Recommended,251570,12805917,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SinEx,"Limitless possibilities of construction of any buildings, mines, bunkers with incredible atmosphere movie ""I Am Legend"" makes you play and play this game again and again. The game deserves 10 out of 10."
76561198067172504,Not Recommended,251570,10764060,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lord Anguskhan,I made it 7 days. I didn't die. Nothing happened. Very boring game as is.
76561197988662324,Not Recommended,251570,8779463,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,"Salty ""Skin Lord"" Sam","EARLY ACCESS. UGH!When you actually have something to show for your work, then I'll gladly pay you. Till then... keep trying... and give me a refund."
,Recommended,251570,9416931,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,bobdylan401,"This game is a great, great game I would HIGHLY reccomend, even at it's original alpha price of 35$ Now that it's 25$ if you like the concept of Dayz minecraft just make the jump and get it, you won't be dissapointed.I have bought Dayz, Rust and this, and while I like them all Dayz has been uninstalled. I like playing Rust a lot right now, but creatively I think this game takes the cake. I have always been entranced with the survival genre, and multiplayer games, especially games that encourage players to collaborate creatively. Rust is a more of a post apocolyptic survival game. Rust isn't a kos nightmare frenzy like Dayz is because you do get the ability to stash things and create bases, but as of right now pvp is the more mid-game/end-game goal as everything else becomes fairly easy once you get to know the mechanics. Rust (like Alpha Dayz) relys on the pvp to define the gaming exerience, and it basically turns into a fps where you want to loot cool pvp gear from other people. Just like Dayz. (Not bashing on it I am loving it right now.)7 Days to Die however is a different creation and an entirely unique game. It is truly a zombie survival sandbox, that can be enjoyed greatly without even going online. The Zombie AI is great, even in its Alpha phase. Even slow walking zombies have a way of creeping up on you without you knowing until the last second, or filling into a house blocking the exits as you are checking food cabinets, forcing you to jump through a window.I think the coolest thing about the game is that it is not just one game. You truly create the experience that you want to play. The Default (as you have probably heard) is that during daytime there are slow walking zombies, and at nighttime they turn into fast zombies. Extremely fast frenzied zombies that only slow down in the prescence of enough light (campfires, torches, ect.) The zombies will claw through any material to get to you. How long it takes for them to claw through a material depends on how durable that material is (stone is stronger than wood, which is clearly stronger than dirt.) A mudhut would be taken down in seconds at night time. Just being outside at nighttime in default is terrifying, encouraging a kind of forage and basebuilding during daytime, and fortifying and repairing your base at night time.You can change pages of settings, and even more in depth settings not in the actual game to craft the game that you want, choosing how many zombies spawn, if they are always walkers, or always runners, how much damage they do, or you do and many, many more options.I never really could get into minecraft because while I loved the concept, I felt no immersion. I felt that the game focused more on the creativity, than the survival immersion, but not only am I not good drawing or art, let alone 3D art, but the 3D art that I could create was in my opinion not terribly interesting, or at least not pleasing to look at. This game is all about immersion, and the graphics are incalcuably better than minecraft (and constantly getting better.) Still the physics are solid and sound, and to me incredible. Every piece of the game world is some sort of resource that you can mine and collect. Every inch of dirt is diggable and obtainable. Every stone that you see can be picked up and crafted into stone ""blocks"" (They are starting to replace classic minecraft blocks with ""smooth terrain"" something that ironically in the present state I find less smooth and easy to work with than the original block style, but I am sure that will be refined and corrected.)The reward of simply surviving is one very satisfying, yet incredibly hard goal, but really the sky is the limit. Jump on a friendly server and I am constantly shocked by the imagination these people have. They will have turned a warehouse into a castle surrounded by landmines and trenches with spikes on the bottom of them. Go into the castle and it is just a decoy, and ladders plummet deep, deep down into the earth where there is an entire underground world, with many rooms, undergound rivers, mines, bedrooms, lounges and tunnels. Above ground there are towers that lead to large gardens growing many different vegetables and fruit.There is a sandbox ""God"" or ""Cheat"" mode where you can spawn any item or resource that you want at any time allowing you to create anything you can dream up.My first online experience was on a new server when the game had just came out, and a bunch of us found a huge town where we intended to stay together. We did the first night and ended up blowing a staircase away as zombies flooded into the house, shooting them as they tried to jump up the destroyed staircase. We somehow survived and looted the town the next day, but I got seperated and nighttime fell before I could find them and I was trapped in a small shack with one other person and no good defensive resources. Needless to say we were destroyed. My next online game we were in the ruins of a town full of large half destroyed buildings, many floors high, but basically trapped with hordes of zombies below us.I could go on forever but I will end this with saying if you are on the fence look at the patch notes. Out of all of the Alphas, these developers seem to be the most dedicated and hardworking developers intent on providing us with amazing gameplay rather than just trying to let the community make our own gameplay. Every month a miriad of changed occur making the systems more complex and in depth and adding new systems. The map gets larger and larger, even though eventually they will let us create our own maps and create random map generators. The graphics got a huge overhaul in the last build. In the last build we have got a working stealth and cooking system, as well as the beginning of an armor system. These developers are dedicated to making a truly great game with great AI, and it really is refreshing. It is to me a really good example of how gameplay is more important than graphics, something that tends to be forgotten in this day and age. And the graphics aren't bad."
76561198123839598,Recommended,251570,17027012,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mugzz,"There is simply no other Alpha/PreAlpha game out there that has evolved as much as this game has in a positive way. The devs are vocal with the comunity, letting us know what they are working on what to expect and when. The game is patched regularly and every one of them improves the game, adds more content and fixes bugs.  Not every patch is a home run but anything wrong with a new patch is fixed quickly in the following cleanup patch.  Im sure i sound like a fanboy AND I AM because the FunPimps have shown me how an Alpha game should progress. Go to youtube and watch an Alpha 1 video then watch an Alpha 12 video.  This game is a blast for all levels of gamers, a must play."
,Recommended,251570,11297945,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,OniMike,"Best zombie survival game their is. No other game has the crafting abilities as this game here, already packed with so much; weapons, hunting, cooking, forging and so much more on the way great investment updates very often and devs listen to the community and love hearing from all of us. The funpimps have done it with this game and highly reccomend it to all gamers.I am comming back and editing my review to say I still have the same feeling for this game as I have from the start, its action packed with NPC traders and bandits on the way what more could you want from a game?"
76561198049565264,Recommended,251570,14235185,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Luke The Duke,"Feels like the most complete early access game on the market. Has some of the most brutal and gritty atmosphere in any game i have ever played. Crafting is sumblime and has the right amount of difficulty without it becoming repetitative. The zombies are awesome and make the dayz zombies look like a joke. In dayz 15 zombies just teleport through the front door of the building your in and insta kill you. In 7DTD the zombies tear down your house from the foundation!! Huge hordes of zombies destroying your hard build castle peice by peice as you try to defend it with your life. Great building mechanics as well. You can build a huge varioty of houses, a huge skycastle to a normal suborb house. PVP is also brutal and fun at the same time, has an awesome community with many militias to join. Survival is a key part of this game and it is pulled of with flying colors. The newly added level up system is a welcome addition to this epic game!Makes the building in RUST look like some homeless shack city.Makes the Zombies in DAYZ look pitfull in every way (Not as good graphics for zombies in 7DTD but who cares if the DAYZ zombies are this terrible still in 2015Only thing i would suggest adding is vehicles, to help move around this massive mapUpdate: They actualy added mini bikes soon after i made this review. The better the parts you put into it, the faster and more reilable the mini bike is. It really helps that bad feeling of grinding becuase traveling long distances are no longer a chore.10/10100 hours+ and dont plan on stopping soon"
,Recommended,251570,16750731,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Meow Meows,"7 days to die has to be my fav game i have on steam, since i had watched youtube videos of early alpha playthrough of it i wanted the game.the game does have a few problems when it comes to framerate at times and if you don't have a great internet conection sometimes you have problems when it comes to multiplay servers.overall though i really enjoy the game and would recomend it to anyone."
76561198006842969,Recommended,251570,9321341,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,guillaumelimoges,REaly good game with verygood potencial.
76561197984251822,Recommended,251570,11550631,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,McKskinny,"This game may only be an alpha but it is already put together very well, yes there are bugs, if you want a flawless game do not purchase this. That being said it is extremely fun, the only downside being that nights can sometimes be very boring after you have solid defenses as you simply have to sit and wait for dawn. The sandbox nature of the game makes it great for people who like minecraft however unlike in minecraft enemies in this game are formidable and will destroy the things you have build if they stand in their way. Combat is basic but not bad, crafting is done very well, and the suspense when a you hear a zombie hoard running in the night is gut wrenching. Highly recommend this game and hope to see it grow and expand even more."
76561198067521034,Recommended,251570,32325540,Posted: 10 June,all,PsychoSocial,Awesome game! 10/10! Been playing before it got to steam. It only gets better!
,Not Recommended,251570,16899346,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Confused Jackal,"The game became way too realistic,1 hit from a crawler can apparently make you have a sprained leg,1 hit can stun you and make you infected,how to stop the infection? find antibiotics wich are more rare than a succesful high school relationship or die,the game has became a life simulator at this point,add a p!$$ and $H!T meter and you are done,i know a survival game is supposed to be ""realistic"" but they just took realism to the most bull$h!t level you would think."
76561197978216803,Recommended,251570,8944006,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,=VGF=SHANICUS,Good game just needs the updates ASAP!
76561197965271130,Not Recommended,251570,26373423,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Irreverence,"I bought this game on sale for 10€ since it's PvE style offers a different take on the well saturated open world survival genre. The review is based on Alpha 15.Pros:+PvE approach offers the comfort of playing on a sandbox server at day and handing you big scale fights at night (especially on the 7th night a week).+Landscaping/Mining. This is something that a lot of the other survival games are missing.+Characterleveling and skillsystem.+Randomly generated maps and a static map.+Quests.Cons:-Bad optimization. I get 40fps and below (GTX970/FX8370/16gb@1080p) next to big buildings and hordes of zombies which doesn't change when lowering graphics settings.-Graphics can't compete with other games of the genre.-Controls aren't fully customizable.-Very few special infected.-Somewhat clunky and unfinished UI.-No PvP due to small servers and the way the game works.-Bad and easy to abuse AI.-You will reach the point of ""What now? Why am I doing this?"" fairly early in this game if you aren't into straight up sandboxing.Conclusion:While playing this game I couldn't stop thinking about how Rust does everything (apart from the Zombies obviously) better - whether it's looks, optimization, controls, interface or the actual gameplay. It's not DayZ-bad but there's still a whole lot to be done for a game that has already spent more than 3 years in Early Access.The real buzzkill to me is what is supposed to make this game different: PvE base defending. Having 50 generic zombies literally pile up on your doorstep and slaughtering them 1 by 1 through holes in the walls just isn't my understanding of a fun and well thought out game concept. Also there are obstacles zombies can't get accross and if you feel like you won't be able to hold your base you can just hop out and kite them all away until the night is over since zombies won't attack empty bases if there are players around.I recommend to not buy this game at this stage althoughthis stagecould mean never as many other EA survival games have shown."
,Recommended,251570,13659519,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,b3nderz,"This game remind me feelings I had when I discovered Minecraft for the first time. You can't stop playing, you want to learn, research for ressources, build your house, your defense, your food... The world is dangerous, and your only focus is survive."
,Recommended,251570,11931852,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,JohnGotti,"Its well put together and we get lots of updates :-) This game will be so nice when finished and polished. Keep up the good work guys. And thx for that Awesome support.EDIT:This is for now the best Survival, 1stperson, towerdefence, rpg sandbox out there! 1.5mil copies sold on pc got to say something right..."
76561198008157514,Recommended,251570,33142773,Posted: 2 July,all,Funky Bunch,"Fun game, I've clocked at least 500 hours on it.  If you're a fan of zombie games and Minecraft then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,251570,23733920,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kontik,"Ok i have mixed feelings when it comes to this game.The game it's self is a zombie survival crafting type thing, a bit like minecraft minus the cartoon stuff. When i first got this game it blew away the competition, but really nothing really of value has been added in since then, and i am talking in terms of years/. The crafting got dumbed down and they added in skills that is about it. Oh and minibikes which on any none super server will bug out, lag and more often than not drop your fps to levels you did not think possible, which when looking at games like Hurtworld where they have cars and quadbikes and they run fine makes me wonder why.So when stacked up against other games which are similar in nature like ark which reguarly has massive updates and such, there really isn't a favorable way to compare them.BUT, and big BUT, a sir mixalot type the building is fun, the same way building in minecraft is, you can dig, mine and build structures on the level of sillyness, which is something many other survival games lack, like ark and hurtworld use a type of building system where you have foundations and ceilings and you build bases that all really don't look that different, 7days operates on a block on block system which lets you be far more creative.Now this game is on steam sale atm for 8 quid, and the game is worth that, because sure it isn't the best survival game out there, it is an easy way to throw plenty of hours at something that isn't stressful.Few facts/tips;1). Most the servers are dead atm, however with the steam sale i hope that changes.2). Do you use duel+ GPU's? Well forget about SLI the game runs like a horse with one leg it is waaaay off SLI.3). This game is ment to be played with friends, if you play alone your in for a bad time.4). Avoid pve servers, they already take away from a slightly limited game you will get bored quickly.5). The game rotates on a weekly basis, and at the end of each in game week, a zombie horde will spawn (22:00) and go after a player at random. If you want to avoid this log off before night time.6). The Search function for server sucks, like a lot, be paitent and refresh on a regular basis when looking for a server to play on.7). Build spikes, lots of them, on most servers Zombies run at night and if it is any map other than the standard Navas map, they will lag about like crazy and kill you. Spikes defend your base for you, so you can sit back and ignore them.10). Don't think building below ground will hide your base, opening doors, chests forges etc can be heard from above ground from really far away invest in good blocks.But buy the game, im bored of only like 3 servers having more than ten people on it. I doubt you would have read this far so il say what i want. Buy the game and come suffer with me."
,Recommended,251570,13134569,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,AdonaiChai,"7 Days to Die is an open world survival game with a main focus on crafting. You start off in the world with the bare minimum and need to loot, craft and collect food/water items to survive each day. I have been playing since Alpha 8 and it is a fun, awesome game, worth playing."
,Recommended,251570,16870707,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Bio69,"you enjoy minecraft?    well if you didnt this is the adult version...zombies..bears..and a post apocalyptic world that is randomly generated with different biomes, zombie hordes and multiplayer hazards! It is still in ALPH stage but good fun and greater people!!"
76561198007032272,Not Recommended,251570,33004867,Posted: 29 June,all,Kingdark,"I bought this game on 23/03/2014!!! and I've been playing it on and off. I liked the idea of a game where you had to survive zombies had to look for supplies and you know, the usual (by now)However, in the three years of development nothing overly much has changed. I mean sure, the game became a little prettier, you get to craft more things and its easier to do so, but in three!!!!! years of development, you would expect more.Don't give me the 'it's early access' excuse because that doesn't apply here.They promised us vehicles you could fix up. That isn't possible. (the last time I played it!)They promises us prettier maps where you can pretend something actually happened.However, it has no such things. There is no story to speak off. No backstory. Places where you expect certain supplies have NOTHING. Locations are copy paste and virtually identical.Don't get me wrong, I knew from the start this is an indie developer and that I can't expect it to be equal quality compared to say a tripple A title like the ac series.There are several things that bother me. The rare updates. I have other early access titles and those have an update every two weeks on average. Now, again, I don't expect weekly updates, but what I do expect is for them to let the players know what they are doing.I really regret there is no middle ground button because this title does 'not' deserve a 'no' but it doesn't deserve a 'yes' either. But since I HAVE to chose between those two choices I have no choice but to advice against it.Even if the game is a little prettier, even if you can craft more, even if it is a little more balanced, that's far too few things for over three years of development!"
76561198076735654,Recommended,251570,14431841,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Fawkes156,Day 1 Finds house me and a friend live in itDay 2 Zombies attack houseDay 3 ate last of foodDay 4 stravingDay 5 Found cat food went over to other side of the room ate cat food without friendDay 6 Dogs went through roof and mob me. Friend DiedDay 7 zombies made house collapsed I got killed by Dog11/10 Best Roof survival gameNever leave the door open at night.
,Not Recommended,251570,19774435,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,help,"Can be really fun with friends. Why? They can help you break the damn doors around every building you see. I DONT reccomend this game mainly because that every door in the game, (besides the one you built) is literally made out of a material that is resistant to a nuclear blast. +150 hits to break a door down, which means staring at the block your are hitting, for more than 2 minutes. In addition to that, after you break off the first layer, you HAVE to break the second layer in order get any decent loot. Therefore you have to grind for a long time to get any notable loot. Other than the autrocious doors, I think that everything is pretty balanced. Zombies need some tweaking in their hit boxes because if im shooting arrows, aiming right at a zombie's head, it will go right through him."
,Recommended,251570,13969163,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Stephen,"PreView -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9APS6YVwFY&feature=youtu.beThis game is an open world with no limits in any direction(east west north south) and everything you see in the world is destructable or constructable. Lets build something together. A house? A castle? A fort? Shoot you can build an entire village or city. Or if you want to be unseen. Build a underground fallout shelter so deep underground that not even the zombies can smell your cooking. But remember, your garden needs sunlight to grow."
,Recommended,251570,16466490,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rayne,"i've been absolutely loving this game.  The first 9 hours of it i played all in first sitting. Everything was going unusually peacefully. no real dog packs, or hordes at all. that is until the night of the 16th day -_-  Up until now they never sensed or bothered me, until i had too many campfires going i guess then bam, dude climbs a wall without warning, i start pushing every button, including esc which on multi apparently does nothing but prevent you from doing anything lol. scrambled for a weapon, for whatever reason grabbed the pistol and put one in his head. then everyone and their mom must have heard it because by morning there was a horde about 40+ strong waiting for me all around the building.  had to wrangle them like cattle and pick them off quietly one by one....now to finish up my goldenrod tea...."
76561198074659673,Recommended,251570,14514994,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,stashmerkin,"Picture Minecraft inside an episode of Walking Dead. There is no shortage of zombie games out there, but this indie stands out. At the beginning of the game you basically get dumped into the zombie apocaylpse with next to no supplies. You have to start gathering and building things immediately or you WILL get eaten! Later in the game it has a Last Man on Earth/Omega Man/I Am Legend feel to it as you explore destroyed, zombie infested cities. Build your base well. If the zeds work out where you are (count on it) they will hammer their way through doors, windows, and/or walls.Fair warning; as of right now the game is still in alpha. Every so often the devs bring out updates which require you to wipe your game save and start over. It can be a heartbreaker. Especially since you just found that thing you've been spending the last week looking for! In trade though, the updates are significant and well-worth the trouble of a restart. Last update gave us beer!"
76561198007606533,Recommended,251570,11318811,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Running bear,"hey guys this is my very 1st review on steam for a gamei played over 400 hours of this game and i seen it go from simple minecraft game, to a beautiful looking world.but here my pro and cons to the gamepro+weapon and item crafting is very easy to usegets updated a lot e.g monthy for the big updates6 different types of zombies and they acting different like e.g there is a frost zombie which is harder to killpvp or pve, which is nice change if you want to do coop or pvp, plus pvp can be brutal at times and makes some great fightsbig sandbox world, where there is lots of player content and everything can be destroyedthe friend lists in game is very easy to use, to find your friends to team upnight and day brings different experience's for e.g day time u can walk past zombies and in the night you better runhunting can be fun and there is a reason to kill for e.g to make armor and foodcons-lag on servers can be very bad at timespeople do exploit the game at timesbugs like e.g losing items that you have in your backpack and zombies do glitch from time to time and falling though the map and map not loading upyou can not make your own servers unless you have a dedicated serversometimes it can be very hard to connect to a gameairdrops dropping in rad zoneso that my review and if you have any qustions about the game please let me know and i be happy to tell you all about itand if you got the game and want somewhere friendly to go i own a server for new and old players a likethe ip address 37.220.23.186:25090so i see you guys in the wastelands :)"
,Recommended,251570,34364361,Posted: 19 August,all,ShockGun10,"I have about 300hrs in this game and it is awsome. The latest update, A16, brought a new spawn system, more traps, new zombie types and changed the skill tree. Becasue it is curently Alpha there are a few bugs and weak AI. This is only been a minor issue for me so far. Great potential in the future for a good game."
,Recommended,251570,33424239,Posted: 10 July,all,Antonflax,7 Days to DieWhile looks can be deciving this is one of those times it certainly is. It may look like a bad minecraft clone in this case it certainly is not. This game is very hard if you are not ready for a challange. So where does the challange come from you may be asking. Well zombies can easily overwhelm you if you make alot of noise or carry meat with you. Yes they can smell the meat from you. And corpses can attract hordes and every seven days you have to defend yourself from hordes of enhanced zombies.Why should you play/buy  this game?-It is great fun. Because you have to scavange for supplies and food. And at that try and survive nasty horde attacks.-A sense of progression. Like upgrading your home into stone from wood. And then into concreate/metal. Or finally gaining a smeltery.-In this game it helps to have a fellow survivor to help you out. So great fun if you have any friends. Which i do hope you do!So final parting words. Hope you have a great day. And if you decide to buy this game. Please consider giving this review a rating?
,Not Recommended,251570,18445853,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Heretic,"I really tried loving this game, I really did. Dont buy til BUGS have been FIXED. When the devs fix the minibike from falling through the ground from just riding it(which took at least a dozen or more hours to get)(yes you're gonna be mad when it just falls into nothingness). ill come back and give this game another chance. (Alpha 12.5)"
,Recommended,251570,8724127,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,α PIRATEorNINJA Ω,"This game has been on steam/early access for barely over one month and the current newest patch (Alpha build 6) contains more content/fixes/changes than some games that have been on early access for a year+!!!! these guys are serious and are building an amazing game. It does have a rough appearance but there are upgrades to graphics in the works. The core game is just great and these guys claim to be gamers and it shows in their work. so many great ideas and they keep adding to it!It currently has soooooooo much crafting and content that it beats out pretty much all other games in this genre. the only problem is that it isnt getting the attention it deserves. I urge everyone to checkout this game and make your own decision but in my eyes its a diamond that is being polished continually.key things i want to point out...-FF can be set on or off by server admins. This is great for PVP and Co-oP play!!!-Enemies can be set on or off, again this helps with constructing.-You can host yourself or buy dedicated host.-When you die you only lose items in your quickslot/Belt aka equiped items.-I hosted my own game and was able to change settings next time i loaded up that saved world. So i was able to set FF to off and not worry about players killing me so i could build, then next time i was able to turn it on again. imagine setting server to build mode and then reset and allow people to then attack each others fortified bases. the same goes for enemies, can be turned on or off whenever.-Multiple environments on same map. desert, snow, forest, city all in the same map!-----DIGGING, YES you can dig and build just like in minecraft. construct and deconstruct...Buildings collapse under stress. I was able to digg under a building in key points and cause it to collapse on one side only. made quite a mess too lol- they are planning to upgrade the graphics and overall appearnce so it isnt so blocky. vehicles will be added later around this same time. cant drive a car up a hill made of squares and steps lol. so they plan to make it more smooth/natural while keeping the digging and building system!!"
76561198042015673,Recommended,251570,9988192,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,GrumpyDanny,"This anawesome game already looking foward to when the bugs are worked out, buy this game its epic."
76561198060534106,Not Recommended,251570,16917737,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,WolfenKittens,i think that 7 days was a good game but i few updates ruined remember that this is my opinion and that i don't reccommend the game becouse for these resoens1.it has alot of bugs2.you can't find your way around3.words are small in menus atleast for me4.some textures for items are broken5.graphics can be badthese are why i don't reccommend the game 7 days to die
,Recommended,251570,16364362,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Frost,"Great game, quite immersive. Addicting."
76561198065706482,Recommended,251570,15939606,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Blauu,"Having purchased this game a long, long while ago and having put... Way too much time into it, I've got to say I have gotten my money's worth of enjoyment out of it many times over."
76561198071913067,Recommended,251570,15878326,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,major lag,"Really enjoying this game, but saddened at how hacker ridden the multiplayer mode is. There is an overwhelming amount of hackers ruining what would be  unique and enjoyable pvp play.Hackers are able to get past steam and game antihacks toaccess creative/admin tools that they shouldn't. Shame on Steam for failing so hard here."
76561198008018355,Not Recommended,251570,20576983,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sun1971,"Full of Bugs, from The Bug Pimps"
76561198093445998,Recommended,251570,35011698,Posted: 16 September,all,Zach takes too long,"I love grinding for 7 days, and then dieing"
,Recommended,251570,11630545,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,foot fetish glo gang,why didnt they just call it a week to die smh...
76561198048538237,Not Recommended,251570,20531955,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,...Woah...,"This game is another reason why early access fails, the developers take their ♥♥♥♥ing time on these games and end up finishing it ten years later. I got this game when it was released in 2013, more than two ♥♥♥♥ing years ago, and what do they have to show for it, basically nothing! This game fails to entertain me for more than an hour due to the difficulty of the game, god i hate early access, and i am never planning on getting anything early access again!"
,Recommended,251570,9580419,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,walkmandosch,"7 Days to Die is one of those games that you want to share with friends who have never played before, and let them experience its' awesomeness with you. It's a voxel based survival crafting tower defense game that touches on gameplay similar to Minecraft and Fallout 3. At first I was quite apprehensive about this game, mostly because of it's poor reviews and, at that time, the price. I nabbed it when it was on sale, then learned that the developers had lowered the price indefinitely. As I played, exploring immense landscapes, learning crafting recipies, and adapting nighttime survival strategies, I began to wonder why this game had gotten such poor reviews. I know now that I should have bought this game long ago, even at its high price. I have enjoyed watching 7 Days to Die's progress more than any other early access game I have played up to this point. I've found myself on more than one occasion reading players' conflicting suggestions and complaints, then come next update realize that the developers had actually listened to that constructive criticism and developed a method to try to satisfy everybody. You can adjust different settings to cater to your specific preferences and difficulty, even after you have started your game. If it gets too easy, just bump up the zombie spawn rate, or vice versa. I wouldn't recommend this one to gamers who have no patience for early access bugs. Don't expect glitch free bliss with this one. But the pros highly outweigh the cons. Judging by what I've seen the game progress to, I have a good feeling that for us patient gamers who appreciate meaningful development...the end product will be well worth it!"
,Recommended,251570,13506184,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mike.MAK | ZTM,"7日杀, 少数几个我的配置无法流畅运行的游戏之一."
76561198365989130,Recommended,251570,30900444,Posted: 2 April,all,LieutenantTent,100 hours in and still going.This game is a must play for survival fans and people with creative minds. 10/10
,Recommended,251570,26182789,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,PeterManize,"I am proud that i bought this game.Alpha 16, wasn't really an upgrade, but rather an expansion with additional content to explore.Never the less, the balance aspect of the game is incredible, despite that, the game isn't flawless.In the multiplayer department, there are some issues that sure needs much more work.But in the world you are about to enter, certainly has changed a lot, though.The cities, towns and small compounds are more realistic in a geographical point of view, are more diverse and bigger. You will certainly have a great experience exploring the world and these locations.The survival aspect, has slightly changed you will need to be cautious and have awareness of your surroudings while exploring the world, or you might ended up with an unpleasant surprise.This game, for me, resembles much more of what a zombie apocalypse should actually look like. It portraits a ""Walking Dead"" world, where crafting dominates the gameplay. In a sense you need to use your own intelect and intuition and be smart to survive this challenge, in your own way.The diference of Alpha 16 from past alphas, is that building a base with basic and simple defenses, no longer is enough to keep you safe, your fight ahead is going to be rather difficult a true challenge to explore and face.How many days ""in"" can you go with only one life, or, on your first life?"
,Recommended,251570,9000937,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Armality,"I had been following this game for a little while before it came to steam. I was excited to get my hands on it even if it was only in its alpha stage. When this game first came out it is was a huge disappointment. I was crushed. I couldn't tell you how much I didn't like everything about it. I played about 2 hours trying to understand what was going on and I kept telling myself I was missing something; some huge part of the game that would make it what I thought it was supposed to be. I wasn’t missing anything... The game was so early alpha that it was just a concept held up with a bit of scotch tape and some toothpicks. I deleted the game feeling scammed; like I had just wasted my money. Fast forward a month or so later. A friend of mine had been playing religiously every night. I couldn’t understand what he saw in the game. I was bored enough one night to say what the heck and re download it and jump in for some j-j-j-jolly cooperation. I was blown away! Was this even the same game? Everything had been completely re done. The graphics had been significantly increased. HDR, bloom, lighting. The zombies had rag doll physics (Big plus in my books.). The menu, crafting, UI, features, items, weapons. Everything had been made 100x better and re imagined with more content. The way the game played was amazing compared to the day 1 alpha release which was like scraping your eyes on a chalk board and getting the sound from nails. Everything about the game was, surprisingly better. Like a million times better. Like, how could this happen?! I want to believe in magic but at the same time I also want to believe in god. I went from feeling like a kid at Christmas who was good all year but still got coal to feeling like a man who broke open that coal to find a diamond.This game really was bad when it came out. But since it has gotten the updates that have been promised I can't stop playing. It is extremely fun. It is a mix of FPS, survival horror, crafting, mining and so much more. And! Everything is destructible. If you have looked past this game then give it another glance. I know I am glad I did. It is easily one of my all time favorite games for too many reasons to list. It is the best zombie game on steam. A must own for everyone. This game has come a long way and I am excited to see where it goes."
,Not Recommended,251570,9347801,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Strabo1980,"Pre-A7.0 I would have recommended this game as a decent builder game (with the zombies off, or occasionally turned on) I spent about 30 hours on this game with the zombies turned off most of the time, building, crafting, and eventually testing out various base designs. But beyond that, I have never felt any real desire to survive beyond the hours spent building this or that. This is Minecraft+zombies. Not open sandbox survival-horror.I just spent about 3 hours trying out the new things added with the 7.0+ patch(es) and am finding myself getting frustrated with how the ground has been smoothed, making it difficult to tell exactly where you're striking with an axe or shovel (which makes mining out an underground base almost impossible now, at least with any sense of orginized structure to it). A couple of pluses are the 'veins' of ore now, instead of just a block here and there of this or that ore you can find streaks of ore through the dirt, gravel, and stone layers.The other additions, such as the wait to loot, noise penalties, stealth, and crafting systems are good window dressing for making the game more 'realistic'. But the big selling point for the game (for me at least) has now been ruined, or at the very least complicated for me, the building. As the game stands at this very minute, I can not recommend it at the rather high price of $25. My suggestion: If you're thinking about getting the game, wait until it is out of Alpha to spend your money.PS: I would also like to add that there are better 'sandbox survival-horror' games out there. State of Decay comes to mind immediately. If you want a 'sandbox builder' stick with Minecraft, it's less expensive and for now, better over all. If the developers don't flub things up too badly, in a years time 7 Days to Die could be one of the best sandbox survival-horror games out there. -IF- they don't flub it up..."
76561198067759383,Not Recommended,251570,21215032,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Moo,"This game is bad. REALLY bad. I know it's still in alpha but a game this bad should not be this much money. The game is optimized so badly that if you play for too long your pc will overheat and turn off. There are too many glitches to even play the game half the time, cursour disappearance, not rendering anything even after restarting the game, not being able to loot. And the mechanics are just bad. You can't look into the same chest with another person at the same time, it is insanely hard to find materials to craft things, and your character will be cold without clothes and overheating with them."
76561197982302105,Recommended,251570,11759887,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,monkey,"This is my updated 2nd review. 9/16/14. My first review was premature and I probably made the game sound much better than it is. If my first review made the game sound like a 9/10, my more realistic 140+ hours of gameplay review would have to put it at more like a 6.5 or 7 out of 10.Overall, I would give this game a thumbs up. The game is fun to play, even with all it's problems. If you really enjoy sandbox type games, then 7DTD will appeal to you, despite all it's flaws. It's like Minecraft on steroids with zombies, ruined cities, sniper rifles, rocket launchers and eventually, will have driveable cars. I'll list a few of what I consider to be the most important points. Keep in mind that at the time of this review we are still in alpha. If you are considering buying the game in alpha, you should expect there to be bugs, a lack of content and other problems. If you get mad at bugs and other problems, don't buy the game in alpha. With that in mind, here is a rough picture of the game in it's current state:Pro: Being tossed into a HUGE game map with zombies and discovering ruined cities and surviving and building your first base = fun, though a bit grindy.Con: The map is huge but repetitive. Running for hours and seeing more of the same randomly generated map biomes gets boring pretty fast. On one hand, the technical achievment of a randomly generated maps is impressive. But then you realize it just gives you a huge bland boring map. There is something very important added to gameplay when you design an intelligent, creative, realistic, immersive, interesting, fun map. Just having an algorithim spitting out huge empty boring maps is NOT an improvement to gaming.You could also view this trend of procedurally generated maps as developer laziness. Gone are the days now when maps where intricately designed to lead the player on a grand adventure of discovery. The trend with the current batch of games is have an algorithim do all the map making. Will we one day have entire games that are procedurally generated and devs don't even need to do anything more than change a few textures and repackage the game with a different title? This will not be an improvement people, trust me.Pro: In MP, it's kind of nice that you can go miles away from all the other players, and build your base, and maybe even find your own city that nobody else knows about (at least for a bit!). So the huge infinite map gives you some privacy, and maybe the ability to have your own private city, at least temporarily.Con: MP servers are having major issues with lag, freeze ups, crashes and rollbacks. One server I was on the server owner couldn't even get it to start up anymore, so he had to delete and start over, thus deleting everyone’s bases and loot. There is speculation that these problems are directly related to the infinite maps as it seems the further out people explore on the maps, the more the server lag increases. It hasn't been definitively confirmed yet, but there is suggestive evidence that it is related to the map size / generation. Now considering we don't need infinite maps, I'd much rather have a stable large map then an infinitely unstable map. I've played many MMOs with huge stable game worlds (and thousands of players), and map space was never an issue. Since this game is not an MMO, and is designed for small sized server populations, we really don't need infinite maps....Please devs, just give us a stable comfortably large map.Pro: Compared to Minecraft, the graphics are amazing!Con: Compared to all games made after 2007, the graphics are not very impressive! With that said, I always give much more weight to gameplay and fun, and graphics are just a bonus. I'd rather play a game with great gameplay and low end graphics any day than a game with top tier graphics and crap game play. With that in mind, the graphics for 7DTD are adequate.Pro: Building bases can be fun!Con: At the moment, the building customization is probably lacking compared to say Minecraft. But that will surely change as game gets updated. Another con for me anyways is the complicated integrity, max load system. If you don't like to do a bunch of math (which I don't, when playing games), it is very likely your uber base that you just spent 20 hours building will ...collapse.Ok, now the absolute biggest con for this game atm, is.....multiplayer. Yes, unfortunately the pain will increase dramatically as you begin playing multiplayer, and you will start to realize just how f**** up this game really is! Multiplayer servers are plagued by hackers in god mode, flying around, spawning them selves all the weapons and TNT they want, filling up peoples bases with bedrock (which can't be removed), shooting through the environment (exploit, not really a hack), causing the server to crash, destroying peoples bases that they spent 200 hours building, etc...the list goes on. I actually have NOT been the target of a hacker ...yet...but every server I have been on has had multiple instances of hackers and other players losing everything because of it.On top of the hacker problem, there are other major problems causing servers to lag and freeze up and crash, and many times this results in a rollback --- causing you lose several hours of progress. For example on my current MP server, I got dropped at one point, and for one hour I tried to log back on, and I couldn't, even though the server was still up. At some point they reset the server, and the next morning when I logged on, everything I had collected the previous night (over a period of a few hours) was gone. One of my game neighbors lost his entire base! I had just happened to get lucky on the previous game session and scored a major haul when I found an unprotected player base / farm, and had looted about 600+ food supplies! After starving for a week (realtime), I had finally hit the jack pot and found 600+ food! Then ….all gone. It makes one feel like it's very pointless to even build up an uber base or gather a bunch of loot, when you know you can log in the next day and it's all gone.Despite all these problems, you can easily play for a hundred hours and not have any of these disasters happen to you. The rollback I just talked about was really one of the few major annoyances I have experienced. Well except when my first MP server decided to quit, and I lost 3 (real life) days worth of gathering and building. But I do constantly hear other players on the servers I am on, complaining about their base disappearing, or large stock piles of loot just vanishing! So it is fairly common.In single player I haven't really had any major problems yet, other than just getting bored of the repetitive nature of the game map and the grind of gathering resources, and building up a first base. And then of course a new update comes out...and you lose your SP game save, and then you have to decide if the new features that were implemented are really worth starting all over again, just so you can see them. My biggest complaint of the SP experience is the game runs a bit laggy. I can run a game like Skyrim on ultra smooth as butter, and here is this game with vastly inferior graphics to Skyrim, yet it runs way crappier. It's not unplayable, but the graphics lag is quite noticable and irritating sometimes. This is certainly because the developers are inexperienced at making modern high end games, it really shows. But despite all the negatives, most of my 140+ hours of game play have been entertaining. But also repetitive and grindy! LoL. A tentative thumbs up. Worth playing if your bored. I can guarentee you will have many hours of fun. But far from being a great game in it's current state. You may just want to keep an eye on this game and wait for another year of development to pass."
76561197964062707,Not Recommended,251570,22311748,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Surfaced,"This game is all but done for, many broken promises for content, and now they're spending our EA money on a console port for a game thats still DEEP in alpha instead of finishing their game or at least getting it into a beta (should call the game 7ytb, aka 7 years to beta).  Their forum is laughable as anything remotely considered negative feedback is instantly shut down by the forum mods. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere."
76561198132068396,Recommended,251570,14467008,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BootManBill,7 days to die is a very fun hard game with having to find stuff in cities build a shelter or upgrade a house so the zombies wont breack through your wall like the kool aid guy yes they break through the ♥♥♥♥ing wall! with somewhat good ai by them attacking the weakest part of your house and night time being hell this game is AWESOME 10/10
76561198038339409,Recommended,251570,9411148,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,TaoRaven,"The ultimate zombie survival game. Minecraft meets 28 Days Later. The best part of all is how fast the devs update the game, and how smooth and playable the game is for an early access. I don't normally buy into the ""pay for alpha"" games, but this one is worth the money."
76561198073351601,Recommended,251570,8940019,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,brainf451,"I have about ten hours right now on this game and I have to say I don't get the haters.  This game is far superior at its current stage of development than most others.  I love the fact that you can change the zombies to the classic George Romero slow walking zombies or even turn them off if you want.  The crafting system is pretty good and fairly easy.  I would only recommend a tutorial on using it.  The addition of more biomes is deffenately a plus now just adding in some weather for rain and snow and your all set.  I have read some bad reviews about this game and I can tell you from my experience with this game, those reviews just don't hold any truth.  They might have had some validity in the begining but those issues have apparently been delt with.  All in all I'm glad I bought this game and would recommend it to any one considering buying it.  If they keep working on it and, I'm sure they will, It will deffinately be worth the price.  As of the writing of this review the game currently has 3 different game modes, single player and multiplayer, adjustable modes for the zombies, many differnt blocks for building and sculpting the environment, a vast crafting system, four different playable characters, and just plain tons of fun.  If you ever wanted a game that combines Minecraft with State of Decay with Tower defense and a whole plethera of other games but done in a more grown up style, this is deffinatele the game for you."
,Recommended,251570,13123789,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ryzby,Excellent survival and fps play. Crafting interface is pretty good and item drops are plentiful. The game is progressing very well and I look forward to see and play it as it evolves.
76561198056014074,Recommended,251570,9627679,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Dirty Mike 1710,"great game, updates often, challenging truly pleasing to the adventurer, scavenger,killer,survivor and the casual gamer. definitly a good investment clearly the creators of the game still care enough to update the game frquently and are constantly adding new features and new content.8/10"
,Recommended,251570,29296856,Posted: 16 January,all,█❤▂▃▅▇█▓▒,"OMFG... 8/10DescriptionMinecraft with better graphic, engine, physics and SurviveGood StuffBuild system with Construction stability sys.Great ♥♥♥♥ing Skill SystemTerraforming (fully editable world)Zombies, and every 7 Day a hordeSurvive, mine, build, explore, loot citiesPlay with friends works perfectand a lot more...Bad StuffLittle Performance Problems & BuggsRage Quit multiplerRelease the dev. elevator Block ^^Few mods (It is not funny to modify a EA)My otherReview`s"
76561197978249695,Recommended,251570,9171694,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sayre Strauss,"I see alot of people out there bashing on this game, but honestly, it's fun as hell. It's like minecraft on steriods. Always keep in mind that and early access game in incomplete. The more people that fund the development(with money and feedback), the better the finished product will be."
76561197990778958,Not Recommended,251570,9289841,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Littlebrother,"It's basically Minecraft with slightly better graphics.I personally enjoy scavenging cities, refining materials, building a base and fortifying it - But many aspects of the crafting, shooting, building, farming and scavenging are very flawed.The game could be better made in general - Even for an Alpha.The multiplayer system is very flawed and many people, including myself, are unable to play with friends - which unfortunately was the most appealing part of the game for me - Both playing co-up and being able to establish a complex community with my friends.Furthermore the game is heavily overpriced and the creators aren't updating very often - Also it doesn't take a genius to see that this game was a part of the whole Zombie-RPG wave that occurred right after the release of the Dayz Alpha.In short, don't buy the game till it's either fully released or the price drops heavily."
76561197968572630,Recommended,251570,21377679,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fumbles,"Early. Early access was really good.Then Ark: Survival Evovled came out.And the 7dtd devs were like ""OH WE SHOULD DO STUFF LIKE THAT""Also broken legs.Who the hell thought the broken leg system was good?Broke your leg? better not move for 3 days after it's splinted, because the slightest change in elevation will drop it again"
,Recommended,251570,23346714,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AdvDarkness,"7 Days to Die is a highly customizable zombie survival crafting game set in an apocolyptic world. It is still in alpha, so take this review with a grain of salt.1) Graphics - (8/10) Stunning. With the settings maxed out, this game is on par with many AAA games of today. The settings can be played with to suit your PC, and there is a fair chance your PC will run this game. It caters to both spectrums of graphical quality, largely settling in the medium-high range. (It runs at approx. 20-30 fps on a laptop with Intel HD 5500 graphics, or 60 fps maxed with a gtx 1060). The lighting is among the best I have ever seen in gaming. 2am inside your small base, completely pitch black, you figure out how to craft a torch (you also start with one if you still have it) then the area illuminates in a way realistically resembling a torch. Two things that could use tweaking - ""Torch Lag"" where on particularly slow PC's using torches to light your base will half (or worse) your framerate. And the instant change of terrain upon going from rain to snow or vise versa (more noticable in snow biomes) make that change more gradual.2) Sounds - (9/10) You will be on the edge of your chair when you hear zombies shuffling through the grass just outside your mediocre base you hastely constructed 2 hours before nightfall. Your finger will also be hovering over the pause button when you hear the terrifying screech from one of the ""things"" scrambling around just outside your abode. You sit there silently, not daring to light a torch, or cook the meat that you foolishly left in your inventory. The screech soon converts itself into a bang as the monsters catch onto the scent of the raw meat. They are at your door. You wonder how long the scrap metal laden boards of the door will hold against the ravaging beasts as one layer of material breaks away, Bringing you one step closer to death. Your attempts to repair the continuous damage are futile, as you are now flanked on both sides. The zombies are now breaking down your walls, and your are completely helpless. The hinges on your door give way, and you are swarmed as if the zombies were angered bees. That is the end of your story. A story named 1 Day to Die. Usually this only happens maybe once. Some sounds, however are too loud, even if they are going for realism.3) Gameplay - (8.5/10) - The menus are easily navigatable, so all of your seemingly trivial supplies are easily accessed. In addition to your inventory, you have easy access to your character panel (you can create and customize your own character in MANY different ways. Don't like your nose? Feel free to give yourself a nosejob!). You can craft armor that provides various protection against diffent types of damage, be it a zombie smacking you across the face, or the warm unforgiving sun of the desert. There are many different biomes, and you better hope you came equip with weather appropriate clothing or your goose may be cooked. Or frozen depending on where you are at. Be wary of stepping into a lake as the wetness will amplifify your loss of body heat. There is armor ranging from plant fiber to a suit of iron, that even zombies would have difficulty penetrating. Speaking of iron, you can mine that in caves or your own manmade mine. The mines differ GREATLY from the likes of Minecraft, and they are infinitely more realistic looking. You could build your manmade mine inside your base. Base building is definitely one of the most innovative features of this game. You place frames, and can use materials you've collected to upgrade the durablity of those blocks. Each upgrade has different models, and you are likely to feel more safe behind a wall of scrap metal reinforced wood walls, or even concrete or rubar walls. But always keep in mind... You are NEVER completely safe in 7 Days to Die. You will always have to leave your base to search for food and water, and your own bases defenses may just be your demise. If you manage to be successful in your adventures, you will level up, and earn skill points to spend that will make your continued survival just a little bit easier. If you don't go wandering in the wee hours of the night without heavy artillery... Even WITH heavy artillery, you might just find yourself on the correct side of the wellness bar.4) Animations (8/10) - This is the section, that the developer could touch up a bit. The deer running animation is still rather silly, even after many ALPHA updates, but the zombies animations (Especially running) exceed expections. There is even an death animation that you get to see the zombies feasting on your body! Cutting down trees also has a neat (TIMBER!) animation, which is far better than the previous ""collapse"" animation.OVERALL - (8.5-10) - This awesome game is still in alpha, even though it feels past needing that label, as this game is more than complete. There is TONS of content to enjoy and to be terrified about.  If you are in the market for a survival game, even if you believe zombies are cliche, give this game a try. Be a walking cheeseburger for a hungry zombie today!"
76561198091432623,Recommended,251570,15443728,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,patriaest,"one of the best zombie games I've played, were's the silencer for sniper rifle?"
,Recommended,251570,9297405,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,2cwldys,"A great game 10/10; Better than dayz or any other game I have came to see, and Including how damned good the graphics look with shadows, to enjoy the scenery besides shambling rotting bodies walking around; I Like the realistic apocalyptic gravetown, which has barley any supplies. Great for fallout roleplay, anything is possible in this voxel related sandbox game."
76561198353629684,Recommended,251570,29290530,Posted: 15 January,all,Shalethea,"This is an overall good game, I can't wait to see how it evolves over time."
76561198004718862,Recommended,251570,32731091,Posted: 24 June,all,Laser,"Nice game, gets better with each update!"
,Not Recommended,251570,9205469,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Harmoniq,"For now, it's a little more money than it's worth. There doesn't seem to be too many updates going on to get this game up to par. If you find it on a sale, go ahead and grab it -- it's not quite worth full price yet. There isn't much replayability in solo, what really even convinces you to get this game is to play it with friends, and even then you might not play it more than a night or two."
76561198066786043,Not Recommended,251570,22317937,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MelonTape,"DON'T BUY THIS! Okay, it can be fun at times but rarely and it gets boring very quickly. It crashes frequently and black screens your PC making you force restart your PC. The graphics are terrible and if you are on linux you can not see the outdoor floor (pretty big part of the game). It does not matter how good your PC is the game will crash, and it will black screen it. I would like to say they do care about thier customers, but i would be liying if i said that, I beleve they are only in it for the money, hence the extorcionet price for what it is.  Do NOT waste your money on this like i did, you will regret it.It is also 3 years over it's release date and is still only in alpha.They are also slowing development on this, so they can put it on consoles, more money for them! YAY! (The YAY was sarcasm).Summery:EXTREAMLY UNRECOMENDED"
,Recommended,251570,10494064,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Disgruntled,"May not look much when you just look at screenshots. This game has kept me going for hours. From the first trembling hours when the darkness scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, huddling in my small wooden cabin. Knowing that if the zombies catched my scent I would be dead within minutes.The days was stressful when I scavenged for food and tried to keep the weather and elements at bay.Then came progress, I started a small farm. Created a watertower. I became selfsufficient. I built a moat, a wall and an underground bunker. I was safe and selfsufficient. I could focus on manufacturing, exploring the world on my newly made minibike. Invite friends for a cup of tea within the safety of my walls. Aah..."
76561198054309757,Not Recommended,251570,21380266,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ian.silver67,"Slow, clunky, uninventive and the gameworld looks quite frankly awful. There are seemingly some good elements to work with in game and the whole package may evolve into something great, but as it stands the flattened 2D graphics are just not something I want to look at when there are so many similar games with beautifully rendered worlds."
76561198010318396,Recommended,251570,9177686,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Furbee,"If you are going to complain about this game not being ""ready"" than you are a moron. This game is in alpha, you are not paying for a finished product you are paying to help develop this game."
,Recommended,251570,9020654,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,sab0t,"false advertising...this game said i had 7 days, but i stepped on a landmine 15 minutes after spawning and died.jokes aside though, this game is incredibly well done, and i am currently reiviewing it in Alpha. No crashes or major bugs, MP support functions, and the game itself...it is genuinely more than a little scary at times, getting important resources is not easy, but loot drops are also plentiful. you are rewarded for exploring thusly, if you can keep yourself alive.on the last note, it's also very hard. i thought that blocking the doors and windows up in a house i was hiding in would give me time to craft some things, and then they started breaking through the walls in three places. no rest for the wicked."
,Not Recommended,251570,9464603,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,The Commander,Do not buy this game at this current time.This is far from even being in Alpha state.
,Recommended,251570,21854444,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,crazykido19j,Just gets better with age.
76561198045653019,Recommended,251570,8835694,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,AstroDoge,"I can agree that this game leaves alot to be desired but those ""most helpful reviews"" just don't give it justice. I found this game to be alot of fun to play and difficult enough to keep me playing for a while."
,Not Recommended,251570,10681740,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Smitty PG13,"I enjoy the game, however, there is currently a memory leak for 32 bit systems that causes the game to crash every 10-15 minutes depending on how far you are traveling (longer travel, faster crash).Of course, when this crash happens nothing is saved. You are essentially replaying the same bit of the game over and over again unless you logout for it to save every 10 minutes, anticipating the inevitable crash.I can't really recommend it in it's current state to 32 bit users. Just wait a few months for them to figure it out."
,Not Recommended,251570,19759857,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shinister,"Lag / Stutter / Refund Simulator 2015 - 2016Bought game waited for it to precache and load models textures and everything before even getting into the menu.after celebrating newyears the menu loads Finally launched in to a server with friends. Began the epic stutter walking tried multiple resolutions all the way down to 640x480 not to mention disable everything play around with the settings edit config file, Really shouldn't need to do all this just to have a little fun.System Specs: I7-6700k CPU 3Gig Nvidia Gpu 16gigs of ram pretty much more then adequate. Conclusion take this trash off early access and this game can blow me it needs way to much performance polishing before id even take another look at it. Which quiet literally is all you can do, stutter and look at your surroundings.-10 / 10 Would rather eat glass and razers followed by pouring salt and acid on my eyes before attempting to play this again.Don't like my review feel free to waste your money and file for a refund after."
,Recommended,251570,32841570,Posted: 26 June,all,Scott Ackerman,i liked the game so much i made a rap song about it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VREvZfa27vM&feature=youtu.be
76561198031200890,Not Recommended,251570,16888494,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,{MHY}{A}Funker,"There are dogs everywhere, zombies are way more hit points to kill, it's glitchy as hell and this update is terrible. When one zombie sees you they all instantly come after you, but they do it in waves so you can never escape if you don't have the stamina to outrun them. Even plant fibers can apparently fall and kill you. I got to where I can fresh spawn and surive just fine before the update, and now I'm already up to 21 deaths on day 1. I like a hard game but this is unrealistic and not fun. Whether I'm in some freak unlucky area to start or the whole game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥they need to fix it ASAP."
,Recommended,251570,9072608,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,GamingHerald,"7 Days to Dieis an Open-World Sandbox Zombie Survival Crafting Game set in a voxel-based world. You are thrown into the world with nothing but the clothes on your back and from there on it's up to you to survive. Looting, building and exploring during the day and most likely hiding in the basement biting on your fingernails hoping to survive during the night.""If Minecraft and DayZ had a baby,  7 Days to Die would be it.""I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game, and will continue to put hours into it. Remembering the game is in Alpha is exciting as there is plenty of more new content to be added. I love the freedom in building and exploration, as well as the difficulty and rush to get stuff done before the night settles in. If you are a fan of DayZ or RUST, 7 Days to Die is something you cannot miss.7 Days to Die : 82/100"
76561198004985343,Recommended,251570,9200916,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Roland,"I whole-heartedly recommend this game. If you have been sitting on the fence wondering whether this is just like all the other sandbox survival games out there just stop it and purchase this game right now.This game plays great solo, co-op, or pvp depending on your tastes.This game delivers a real challenge and you will die a lot at first until you become familiar with what you must do to survive. There is no tutorial but there are lots of videos on youtube and helpful people on the forums to answer questions.Crafting, building, exploring, survival.....all are done exceptionally well especially for a game at this stage of development.I have owned this game for 1.5 years as of this writing and can attest that the developers are active and passionate about this game. There is very little risk of abandonment that I can see and even if it were to happen the current game is worth the price all by itself so you just can't lose.There are a lot of exploration and survival sandboxes out there but this one stands apart due to its voxel based world and the sheer fun of playing.Now the negative.... Like all of the sandbox survival games in early access there comes a point where all the threats have been overcome and then the game is boring. The good news is that tougher enemies are planned for this stage of the game and quests and NPCs that you can gather as followers will extend gameplay beyond the initial survival scope. But that isn't in yet.Also like all early access games you must be patient and forgiving as bugs and wipes will cause you  pain. But if you enjoy experiencing games as they develop and are interested in the survival sandbox genre you will absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,251570,14210254,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Xazyre,"This game has definitely gone far. Sure it is a typical zombie survuval game, but it does very well in that endeavor. At first the game was very challenging for me, but after the millions of deaths as a newbie, I started getting a bit better. I would definitely reccomend this game for the typical post-apocolyptic zombie fanatic."
76561198108273977,Recommended,251570,32880181,Posted: 27 June,all,AleXDal3x,Minecraft + DayZ = best gameplay experience.
,Recommended,251570,16408747,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Finaldemo,"Active community and currently the most complete game of all the survival with zombies (and sandbox), just go and check the gameplays of the other games and see for yourself. And come more updates every often."
,Recommended,251570,14410987,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Props,The kind of horror game i have always wanted.
,Recommended,251570,13768374,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HawkStone,This game is sort of like minecraft with zombies and guns in a post apocalyptic setting.  Add in decent graphics and fun gameplay and we have a winner.  The gameplay is very solid for a game in pre-release.   The online crew I roll with have all purchased this and are playing the heck out of it.  I highly recommend this game.
76561198124101524,Recommended,251570,15071178,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SmallManKickin,Fantastic game have been watching since early release and decided to buy on sale and i must say what a surprise. The game is fantastic and there is loads of content the world is your oyster and you can do what you want :) 10 out of 10.
76561198327299288,Recommended,251570,32859120,Posted: 27 June,all,lewisbennetts,easily the best zombie survival crafting game ive played. The devs are very good and listen to the community frequently.this game holds hours upon hours of gameplay. Updates arent infrequent and bugs are patched fairly quick. The game seems to get less frequent alpha updates but they are normally huge and change the entire game.definitly worth the full price and is a must have if on sale
76561198031720153,Recommended,251570,12126932,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Harry Napel,Since the most recent random worlds... this game is fantastic. Gets a bit laggy with the new map type... but overall fantastic!
,Recommended,251570,14245394,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dr. Moon,"My favourite open world survival game of all time!First time I bought it, it kinda sucked... But with the new updates this game is really fun! I know it has a lot of problems and bugs at the moment but most of them aren't game breaking.I highly recommend buying and playing this with friends, surviving and killing zombies with a friend is awesome!"
,Not Recommended,251570,23180314,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BoJack Horseman,"Yo this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I swear to god because of my 8 deaths this game is a worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ You're telling me you spent months just to add a mother ♥♥♥♥ing wolf and ♥♥♥♥ing vulture but you can't add a stupid spear? The console glitch is back which is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I swear to god dude, $25 for this glitchy♥♥♥♥♥game especially the new alpha 16 patch. Total rip off my dudes. I tell you now, grinding has never been so real in a game before. You need to fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥dude and where the ♥♥♥♥ are the bandits and behemoths that you promised us ages ago. I'm still waiting dude. Waiting for the ♥♥♥♥ing loading to finish so I can actually play the ♥♥♥♥ing game. This load time is longer ♥♥♥♥ing rust. And that is really saying something my dudes. There are a ♥♥♥♥ ton of multiplayer bugs and why the ♥♥♥♥ is it that we got connection issues with like 10k+ ping dog? Like whaddup wit that? Huh? 30 frames in cities and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Real talk we haven't even gotten to the best part. You should see blood moon and horde night. The game lags so badly when your boy tries to host it that when that horde comes mother ♥♥♥♥ers be time travelling and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I swear one time I was ♥♥♥♥ing around at like 7:32 AM and my boy still ♥♥♥♥ing stuck in the time paradox of like ♥♥♥♥ing 1:27 AM. Like wtf bro? He still 6 hours behind??? On my screen he punching god damn thin air. On his screen he be slamming ♥♥♥♥♥es and♥♥♥♥♥♥ya feel? And the first time I saw this♥♥♥♥♥♥happen I thought my boy was mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because he was punching nothing. How you gone make me say that to my boy bro? And why the ♥♥♥♥ is it when I ride the god damn motorbike in every ♥♥♥♥ing server the best server I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ what server no matter how good that server is, why the ♥♥♥♥ do I fall through the ♥♥♥♥ing ground? Then I'm still driving my bike and then like 10 seconds later I'm in the ♥♥♥♥ing air. Like sky high. Dude whaddup? Then when I get off the bike why the ♥♥♥♥ do I teleport like 10 kilometers away from the ♥♥♥♥ing bike? Wtf? LIke where did my bike go? And sometimes I ♥♥♥♥ing fall through the ground so hard I need to restart the game. And then guess what happens? All the ♥♥♥♥ing bike parts in my ♥♥♥♥ing inventory. Hold up, let me correct that. The first bar the action bar where you have all your tools and♥♥♥♥♥♥ That♥♥♥♥♥♥got replaced by bike parts nigguh. I had steel tools dog. How you gone dog like that dude? The terrain loading is atrocious like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥bro. You play on dedicated servers and♥♥♥♥♥♥and hosts be like no minibikes please. And the reason they tell you that because you got lost in the ♥♥♥♥ing 4th dimension. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dude fix your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I appreciate your game and your little ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ team but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥bro this game is unplayable sometimes. I want to ♥♥♥♥ing cry and about how many times I fell into the ♥♥♥♥ing map in this new alpha 16 patch. Nigguh it aint even finished, why is it released? There are so much ♥♥♥♥♥ that are ♥♥♥♥ing with the game dog. And why the hell your zombies be full ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ juking and running in circles like that play in the nfl? They like doing some go-kart♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing 360 helicopter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everything I open some ♥♥♥♥ing loot my crosshair and ♥♥♥♥ing compass be disappearing? And why y'all still ♥♥♥♥ing alpha?"
76561198045290039,Recommended,251570,13481637,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gravekeeper,"I really enjoy this game, it has a great team who work on it, and constantly maintain it.  You can see how much love and effort they put into this game, and it has a very fun community.  it is not just another minecraft clone."
,Recommended,251570,33173445,Posted: 3 July,all,FRAYDO,"Day 1, just made it Traitor Joel's. Still trying to get the basic controls down and understand what to do next then suddenly ""Traitor Joel's is now closed"" and I am thrust out into the open night. Seconds later, I get mauled by dogs.I'm having a blast. Looking forward to play more."
,Recommended,251570,14466723,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,crayv,"One of the few zombie survival games that has an emphasis on the survival part. By this I mean the scavenging for supplies,  building up defenses, learning to hate zomdogs, and other things to last the night, especially the 7th day horde. As opposed to just run and gunning to a safe room or simply devolving into a deathmatch once someone finds a gun.My primary complaint (as of writing this) besides the expected bugs and a need for a bit of optimization. Is the underground/mining part could use a bit of work. While they (the devs) have done things to not make it quite a necessity, it is useful but still tedious, boring, and mostly safe (no underground enemies and zombies don't really dig).Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,251570,16158357,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kiristo,"7 Days to Die is the best survival crafting game I have played.  It's crafting is similar to minecraft, yet physics/structural integrity matters.  The survival aspect is actually challenging and fun.  The game is routinely updated and improved upon.  Having played the game in several different builds, it's had many great changes/improvements throughout it's development.  For being in early access it's surprisingly well polished.  Not a ton of bugs, and very playable at this time.  In my opinion this is the best survival crafting open world game available if you like PvE.  I honestly haven't even tried PvP, I have a few friends who also have the game and it's a blast building a base, surviving hordes and then venturing into cities to make another base and try holding off the zombies as long as possible."
,Recommended,251570,16234002,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Wrath99,"7 days seems to be alone on a hill amid the slurry of zombie survival fps's. Standing alone or very nearly as the best put togerther overall. For real though, its a really great game with a strong community and devs that actually seem to give a damn about what their playerbase wants (weird right?). Started in Alpha 9, almost 200 hours later still going strong waiting on A12 to hit. This is imo the only Zambie survival game you will ever need.Pros:SIngle playergreat crafting and building system in placecombat feels great and rather intuitivecan make the game as hard or simple as you like depenging on your playstyle or that of your group.endless possiblities of maps on randomgennot a pvp zergfestthe devs actually give a damn about this game and listen to us.Cons:Bugs such as jump off a 4 story roof onto car, just fine. Jump off said car 3ft to pavement, leg is shattered.Zombies somtimes seem to have superhuman hearing and smell to find youheatmap is a little wonkynot a pvp zergfest, if your looking for that go try H1 or Day Z.Or to put it another way, best broken leg sim NA, 10/10 would buy again."
,Not Recommended,251570,12102648,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,FalkotKnight,"(read second paragraph) I love the complex maps and crafting but the zombie spawn needs a little tweeking. It can get real anoying  to have zombies spawn just feet away wile running through a forrest or to clear a room only to find it infested again just because a closed the door.Other than that I enjoy the level of detail put into the game and would recommend it to anyone who like open word sandbox style crafting games.Well stopped playing for a wile and a lot has happened. tried to play again  and though from what a saw it looked about the same but now it seems everything has become harder. Zombies now practacly o shot you if your on anything but super easy because of the mere fact that the devs reduced your life to a miniscule amount and good luck running for your life, they nerfed stamina too. the crafting screen seems the same though didn't enjoy it as much as i used to. maybe was just because everytime i opened it i was slaugtered by zombies before i could make anything but i could just be biased to the way the game used to play."
,Not Recommended,251570,20144574,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sticky Pocket,"I remember when I first started playing this game, the first hour of frustration trying to figure it out before it finally clicked and it was suddenly so much fun. It was literally my favorite game, I remember calling my cousin just to tell him he needs to buy it so we could play together. He doesn't even play games, I was just so excited I wanted someone to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with on this crazy new game I found, it was so fun.That was back in A9 or so, though, and I hate to say it's gone downhill from there. While the game improves visually (it's honestly damn sexy for a voxel game especially if you get to play it on max) the fun just slowly disappears. I'm not getting bored of it, it's just getting not fun. Crafting is being dumbed down while survival is getting harder, the interface has been so simplified that it's become complicated (it makes sense if you've played it) and the scavenging/foraging has turned into literally nothing more than ""hold click until the tree/rock/dirt's healthbar reaches nil"" which takes absolutely forever on everything now and just makes it feel even more repetitive than it already was.I've tried a few times to play it during A13 and now it's finally reached the point where I just can't. I'll try again in A14 but for the time being I can't even reach the point where I can craft a forge (literally the point where the game actually starts) without giving up out of boredom. It's just grinding now, except instead of killing zombies you're killing foliage. It's much less suspenseful.If they can stop trying to complexify and simplify at the same time I think the game's still got a chance, but right now the game's developers seem more confused than I do and that's never a good sign."
76561198053070092,Recommended,251570,9152566,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,will_devl,"Unlike a good bit of the other people writing the reviews that I've seen, I actually have time playing this game (ie. more than 15 hours). Any respectable gamer knows that isn't even a chop-shop games amount of time to beat. With said time, I've been building the ""best fort ever"", mining, crafting, getting a handle on the zombie horde times and how to survive them, and playing each and every game mode. All have a great way of balancing the fixes of the other mode. For example, survivor leaves you with a map that will eventually be looted out of all objects left around for you without going into folder files and changing things. When you switch to the zombie horde mode, you get care packages filled with a bunch of random weapons, tools, accessories to survive the upcoming battle. The only problem I've seen so far are the glitches like in zombie horde where the zombies just stop appearing. This could likely be due to not overtaking my strong fort on the first wave and giving up. When you finally feel burnt out of the crafting, scavenging, etc, you do have the ""cheat mode"" option for your survival game where you can place just about (if not) everything in the game. This fixes your loot problem as you can simply go into cheat mode, fill up bags with these items while on a password basis, and then switch it back to public playing and no cheats. It's great for the server host to keep things fresh, fair, or even down-right crazy. I highly recommend you buy this game if youre a fan of the sandbox/crafter games. It's a huge step up from other said games with a zombie mode- counting graphics, AI, and everything else in the mix."
,Not Recommended,251570,30269616,Posted: 1 March,all,Joshua~,as much as I LOVED this game I cant recomend it right now for a few reasons(sp issue)-single player is boring as can be no npcs aside from the trader and its just looting houses and camps(shared issue)-just a lot of crafting stuff and throwing it away/scraping it just to get items that are ok(shared issue)-GUNS ARE WORTHLESS (20 headshots with a 300 blunderbuss does nothing but a 200 bow kills em dead in about 10 headshots)(mp issue)- no form of offline raid protection(mp issue)- dropping earth (this is a way to lag/crash entire servers all you need to do is just cause a HUGE landmass to fall and it will lag the server to death)(mp issue)- community is loaded with toxic kids who will spam chat and throw there land claim block as close to you as they can(mp issue)- ANYONE CAN RAID YOU as i said earlier offline raiding is REALLY bad but to make things worse anyone can raid your base no mater how thick since anyone can just stand at your base punching the walls until they break (this will take hours but it works)and to top this all off the game has been in EA for a LONG time
76561198121373091,Recommended,251570,8798679,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Starcia,"I love this game so much, it's even better that I can play with my husband :O) I just love killing zombies."
,Recommended,251570,12006928,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Clifton Harler,2 scury 4 mizombies op pls nurfdey run so fastnight tym suxcrfting is hradi h8 lyfe cuz of dis gaym
76561198170822298,Recommended,251570,14450809,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Chikakumon,"Well, I don't know if it's too early to write a review, but I must say this is a really good game.Probably best survival crafting game I ever played. Fairly good graphic for my low spec laptop, so it's quite sastisfying.But maybe it will be better if the dev improve the (easy) anti cheat system, because I find cheaters in 2 servers i've been playing. Like I built everything with hard work and spent so much time in building my base and some guy just fly in to my base and destroy everything, that really make me sad. Sad enough to quit playing the game. If the problem is fixed then I would to play again. I miss some good people I met in game.Still, it's a good game. Really really good game,"
,Recommended,251570,13734596,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Canapy,"Excellent game, there are a lots of thing to craft and to do.There are several bugs, but this is actually an alpha then I guess and I hope they will fix everything as soon as possible."
76561198139066213,Recommended,251570,16405958,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mokarran,"I love a good game with freedom, and man this game is it. I put almost 600 hours on in just a few months, needless to say I strongly recommend this game.It is updated often and is quickly becoming the greatest sandbox game there is.The crafting system is phenominal, the world is beatiful, and the zombies are always out to get you.Play with a group of friends to build a mega base, or be the lone wolf with a secret underground lair, it is always fun.Great graphics and physics.Buy it, play it, LIVE IT"
76561198018988334,Recommended,251570,16450567,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,hobo with a shotgun,I think crack may be less addictive.
76561197994153566,Recommended,251570,16476970,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,WereWulfen,the versatiliy of the game is great. the fun pimps are constantly working to advance the game play and fix bugs. you have so many options of how you want to play. you can fortify your location or be a nomad and travel the world surviving on what you find. definalty a game to play if your like first person survival games.
76561198058536784,Recommended,251570,14334823,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,CR1T 0R4NG3S,"It's games like this where I really feel like the potential is there. And on top of that, it's not being ignored and milked for money and then shortly discontinued. THIS GAME is one of the best early access games I have ever played. I love it. Keep updating the game<3 Impressive."
76561198020640046,Recommended,251570,33085615,Posted: 1 July,all,krjimmi2005,It is an okay game by yourself. It is a way better game with friends. I find myself playing and acutally having fun when I play with someone I know. Single Player is very boring. The game does need some updating as visual bugs and lag are still visible.
,Recommended,251570,10710712,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,yankeeDEUCE,"Still in Alpha so there will be bugs, but pretty damn fun. Simplest way to describe it is L4D+Minecraft+DayZ. Definitely worth grabbing during a Steam Sale."
76561198145286931,Recommended,251570,12031982,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,X515X,"This game is the bomb diggity. For an alpha, it exceeds many expectations and because of that I'm willing to say this game has a very bright future. . . if you survive long enough to see it."
76561198031292585,Recommended,251570,11758816,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RegisFuror,So far this is turning into the zombie game I have always wanted and I can only see it improving as it moves towards release.
76561198366103570,Recommended,251570,33261561,Posted: 4 July,all,Gtown526,"Straight up the best PVE game but hard as hell and if you aren't prepared then you are done for.  I am more of a PVP player but this game is sill fun because the zombies scare the sheeeeettttttt out of me and surprise me at random times when i am busy trying to build or in my tab button trying to sort my inventory.Alright this is the thing, 3 different times while i was in my inventory, and these ugly azz rottweiler zombie looking dog/dogs attack me but, i exit out and start to run and run and run then turn around to see if i am safe and hell no those damn things are still chasing me.  I jump on rocks, i run in zig zags, I run for miles and miles it seems and these damn dogs keep coming. I finally make it to this building that is 3 storys tall and i find a ladder and jump on the roof.  Sweet Jesus i made it no way in hell zombie's or those ugly azz dogs can climb a ladder they are dumb zombies for crying out loud.  Well shooooooot, i am trying to heal myself with random stuff like drinks, food, pain pills, then in the distance i hear this noise...grrrrrrrrrr,  no way in hell they can climb a ladder i am thinking.   I kid you not this zombie climbed a ladder and not only climbed it but took an arrow to the head and still killed my azz.  WTF I just died and had a ton of stuff on me.  Good thing i dropped a sleeping bad not too far away i can get my stuff back no problem.  I run my azz back to the area where i died to get my stuff and on the road there is a wolf and i have nothing at all to defend myself.  I run up this hill and get killed by this big azz wolf with just one bite.  WTF i am thinking i straight up suck at this game.  Still i have a sleeping bag so i come back to life, i now have low health and low stamina because they both go down when you die.  I run back to the area i think i died and i see my backpack on this roof i see nothing near me.  I grab my stuff i sort things out in my inventory then i hear this noise, i flip out and exit out my inverotry. i run but its too its too late, 3 zombies on the roof, two of them are some fat azz zombies and take arrow after arrow to the head and they start to throw up this nasty acid looking stuff on and near me.  I killed one, i killed two... omg i got this... i kiled 3, those son of B's are dead and im good to go.  I go down the ladder thinking i can do this. In the distance i see this cool looking green shining thing in this house.  I'm like, oh sweet i found something cool. I run up to it and try to loot it and the damn thing bites my face off.  WTF man, i hate this game but i cant stop playing it.You want a challenge and some good laughs then play the game.  I have yet gotten to pvp in the game but, i see people talking in the chat about it.  I guess i just suck so much i can't even stay alive long enough to compete against other players.... YET."
,Recommended,251570,11432374,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Rowdy Ronny,"Very nice zombie game with lots of possibilities. I enjoy it a lot!Can you please put a ""Internet Connection REQUIRED to play the game in single player"" so buyers aren't confused?"
76561198116435388,Recommended,251570,16834421,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Deccypher,"Best value I have gotten from any game period.its a EA(early release) so there are occasion bugs but it doesn't take away from the fact that this is seriously the most addicting suspenseful game I have ever played.the development staff are amazing, fast updates, actually talk to their customers and the customers help shape the future of the game. if it never reaches release it will still be worth every penny spent on it 10 times over."
76561198041896173,Recommended,251570,15866253,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,obimattman,This game is a lot of fun when playing with a group working together.
,Recommended,251570,16213528,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,✪ Maëlstrom,"First half of the first week : I sneak my whole way through houses, town halls, grocery stores and I try to avoid zombies as much as I can.Second half of the first week : I sneak around town like the first half, but I have a crossbow now! I kill every zombie I see.Second week : I made myself guns and made the zombies feel sorry for ever stepping on ma lawn. Shooting rounds at imaginary birds to get the zombies to come my way.10/10 would shout ""Get off ma lawn!"" again.I highly recommend this game. Even though 7 Days to Die is still in alpha stage development whenever I was playing it felt like if it was further than alpha stage development. The gameplay feels really complete. Of course there are some bugs/glitches but players have to understand that the game isn't over, not even close to being over. I really enjoyed my experience and look forward to playing with friends even more."
76561198013630117,Recommended,251570,16272348,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,utmule,"my favourite game at the moment, gets better with every update, well worth the money"
,Recommended,251570,16196990,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,rusey,"This game has great potential, and even said it still is one of the games out there rocking the Steam Market. It is a realistic survival game which is again revolutionary.I have slight problems on client side with this, so I am not able to play much more of the game but for what I have seen, I highly suggest buying this game."
,Recommended,251570,33443068,Posted: 10 July,all,Space_Zebras,7DTD Is an immerssive zombie wave shoot'm up with ties to building and crafting mechanics found in games such as Rust and Ark. I've had a lot of enjoyable time playing this game and would highly recommend the purchase and support for the Dev team!
,Not Recommended,251570,16368660,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jerry Smartfeld,don't
76561198120953449,Recommended,251570,11537047,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Queer-Fox,Legit. Recomeend a lot. Zambabies took my lover.
76561198039110810,Not Recommended,251570,9953765,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,xXragingcajunXx,"I am not recommending this game at this point not because of the gameplay. But off of the fact that if you want to play this game with a friend in a co-op game that is private is almost impossible without spending more money on a server or joining someone else's server. I preferably love this game, great potential, but it is the most aggrevating thing when a friend works his hind end off to get enough money to buy the game, and quickly come to find out that it takes nothing short of money or a miracle to join his friends game. If anyone has found a way to do a private co-op match then let me know. At this point if you have hopes for you and your buddies to survive this apocalypse in a unpenetrable fortress that all of you created, it is not worth it."
76561198050033463,Recommended,251570,15677901,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Toastygoodness27,1: This game is fun2: Crafting system is lovable3: Difficulty can be as simple or as hard as you want4: Mutiplayer servers can yield friends and random players5: FPS is ok6: Combat is a little lack luster but acceptable7: Like DayZ but you can make your own servers
76561198185360537,Recommended,251570,16229930,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,kiwi,I love this game its addictive YAYYYYY
,Recommended,251570,13556146,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,StormFoxFuu,Love!
,Recommended,251570,12813357,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,dirtymax,"7 Days to die, a game where the community comes together to fight in ""groups"" to keep the zombie hoard from killing them all, teamwork is a key to success. You make friends along the way and probably some foes also. There are 2 types right now, PVE (Player vs. Enemy) or PVP (Player vs. Player). Server admins and the moderators are always out there to make sure you have a wonderful gaming experience that will last."
76561198037158814,Recommended,251570,10860128,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Schtoleteheim Reinbach III,Still needs some things worked out but great game for an alpha. Best when played on multiplayer.
,Recommended,251570,11935808,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Daniae,game is awesome!
76561198016223092,Recommended,251570,16347827,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,7ux3,"This is the best game of all surviving games out there. I tried many and i lost intrest in all other after just a few hours of gaming. 7 days to die is diffrent. When you first start you can have a few problems. The tools you make are weak and cutting down a tree takes forever. Then i found a chainsaw and everything changed cutting trees and zombies was fun.Then i found out i could dig a hole and not just a hole, you can dig how much you want. Build what you want and you find new stuff to do all the time. There are still bugs and annoying things but overall it is a very good survival,building, killing zombie sim. You will learn to hate dogs. You will learn that entering citys is stupid in the beginning.And then there is multiplayer where you can team up with friends to kill zombies or just kill each other.Devs are doing updates and i really belive this will be a really good game when it is finish. Now go grab a copy and find out how a real survival game should be."
76561198013317980,Recommended,251570,24982914,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,themastertrevor,"So I like the genera, being a miecraft fan. I wanted something like they hype of No Mans Sky but anyone w/ half a brain could see it wasn't going to happen. Day Z and 7 days have been in bearly access for about the same time. No way a game not being tested/played as much could be as good. It's reality, nothing against Hello. Anyways, I shopped around and settled on 7 Days to die. I read a review for this that called it Minecraft for adults. That's pretty much what it is. It's very much like minecraft but there is more things to do and those things are definitly adult in nature. Anyways 20 hours so far and i'm loving it. Play this Sh!T!!!"
,Recommended,251570,10079699,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Towelie,"This one is really a fun take on the current crop of zombie/crafting/survival games.Chain saws, plenty of cool guns, pipe bombs, gun safes, air drops, land mines, loot, loot loot, zombie herds!No one is safe after dark. When they find you, there is no sleeping. What's not to like?This one now has random generated worlds, something the other zedcraft games don't have..."
,Not Recommended,251570,9393313,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Doc Scratch,Going back to a negative review. Online only for single player = theft.
76561198009454168,Not Recommended,251570,21193073,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,cis272,Only fun with friends which doesn't say much about how good the game is as many many♥♥♥♥♥♥games are fun with friends...
,Recommended,251570,12327826,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Sleepr,"Best game I have played in a very long time.  It is still in developement, but is better then anything most major game studios have put out in years.  Easily.- If you at all have interest in killing zombies then this is for you.- If you at all enjoy immerisive survival(ie splinting your leg when you take a fall, drinking boiled water instead of water straight from a pond) this is for you.- If you like exploration this game is VERY MUCH for you.- If you like crafting/building games (ie minecraft) this game is right up your alley.-Please note, this game will take you more then a half hour to understand.  It is hard, you will die, a lot.  Once you get your feet under you, and start procceding along the learning curve, the game opens up and is quite exciting. I have been playing avidly for over a week now and I am still being amazed by the content I am discovering and starting to incorporate into my play style.  (ie farming coffee so I can go caffine crazy and sprint like a track star.  etc)Furthermore, it should be mentioned that when creating custom worlds to play in the user can extinsivly customize the game settings, tailoring the game to whatever is more entertaining for their particular play style and interests.  (ie I have a friend who doesn't enjoy survial games, he plays it as just a FPS zombie horde slaying, exploration game.)In conclusion, this game brings together aspects of a lot of games, in one package that functions quite well and provides a challenging, immersive, custimizable, and extremely fun experience.  Expect to find your self playing this game significantly more then you may of anticipated. I sure have!"
,Recommended,251570,13478895,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dark,Отличная игра. Вот просто и без комментариев - отличная игра!
76561197989542516,Recommended,251570,16392533,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sark,"Even though this game is technically in alpha, it is already more polished, playable, and enjoyable than many games that are in their final state.  The combination of building with first person shooter aspects is addicting, and the developers are continually adding new content, fixing issues, and listening to feedback from players.  In short, this game is simply fantastic."
76561198045259303,Recommended,251570,13149500,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Iscariot,its fun
76561197997599091,Recommended,251570,34020139,Posted: 4 August,all,Travis McGee,"It seems I picked up 7 Days, Rust and Ark all around about the same time. Of the three, 7 Days is the only one that I find myself going back to time and again.Rust's problem was hackers. Maybe they've addressed this, maybe not. There was no solo option and so you were left trying to find a server where you didn't have to worry about flying assassians or kill shots through mountain.Ark had both solo and multiplayer. I never played multiplayer but did enjoy the solo game. But ultimately the coolness of having pet dinosaurs wore off and the game winning challenges seemd insurmountable.7 Days is just about survival and survival on a level that feels very real. (Well, as real as crafting complicated tools in a few seconds). There are multiple strategies to survive. I've set up shop in tunnels. Built impregnable fortifications. Even managed to suvive quite a while in the top of a tower in a city where the zombies run thick.I never played multiplayer in 7 Days, but the solo campaign is a lot of fun. The only thing it lacks is a victory condition. Find a cure. Discover a sustainable colony...heck, take a page from Civilization and build a rocket to go to Mars. Eventually you reach a plateau and it become a grind.Still, getting there is a lot of fun and I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoyes buliders with a hack/slash/shoot component."
76561197983507096,Recommended,251570,10407454,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Pain,"Having used to being a heavy gamer in my younger years before growing up like we all have to do eventually and taking on the responsibilities of a working life i wanted to still be able to have a lil gaming session from time to time but finding an appropriate game that could be played here and there and picked up from where i left off was hard to come by. I wasnt very knowledgable with sandbox games and how much fun they can be. If you are the type of person like myself with a busy personal life but seeking a game that is challenging/easy going (subject to your game set up options) alot of fun and prefer to enjoy coop with friends than online inc pvp then look no further. Having the freedom of doing whatever you want to the environment and building bases to survive, looting, crafting, messing around with friends for giggles and having to look over your shoulder from zombies especially during the night then this comes highly recommended. We all seek different needs from a game and i am easily satisfied with one. With the randomly generated worlds coming in one of the next updates this game is always going to be fun for me personally and others who enjoy this sort of thing. You can make the game as hard as you want or as easy as you want with the ingame options but may have to do a little bit of trial and error to find the most enjoyble setup. If anyone is considering this game but not sure then feel free to message me for any advice or want to know more before buying it in the Alpha stage.  Happy gaming ladies and gents."
76561197997668884,Recommended,251570,9699691,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,crimsonmortis,"It's an alpha. A very playable alpha but it has a way to. By buying it now your supporting what it might become. And as such I would hope no opinions would be censored or removed.  Do I recomend this game right now? If $24 (usd) is something you can justify spending to try somethign you might like. Otherwise wait for Ver 1.0. I enjoy playiinng it and seeing what the updates bring. It's not a finished game the dogs glitch out and other problems Can't find a way to sleep etc.. But Over all I enjoy it and am looking for where this title goes.Now on alpha 12.5 and WOW what a diffrent game. Love the way this game is progressing. Still a few bugs and some big new updates coming in a week when alpha 13 hits. I may be buying a server once it does the wife, kids, friends, and I are having a blast."
76561198036792088,Recommended,251570,9761427,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Kraek,"In the long line of survival games mushrooming up nowadays, this one really gets it right!There is nothing that makes a zombie game more stupid than stupid zombies.....DayZ?  => Nobody is even looking at the zombiesRust?  => They removed them... and not too soonMinecraft?  => Known for the almighty Creeper.But with 7d2d you'll find the definition of Zombies that you are looking for.  Scary monsters banging on your house, and you'll be there, crouched with your crossbow, ready to shoot out of any hole that will appear in your shabby, wooden house.Besides this, you'll also have a long list of items to craft, different areas to explore, and to build your own.This is an alpha, and it shows.  They have some tweaking to do on their game so it's more efficient for FPS & smoothness (particulary for multiplayer) , as well as add more content.  Still, even in its current state it is already a game that will hook you to your pc for days and have you looking forward to every future update.If you like this genre, this is definetly worth your time to check out."
76561198197123261,Recommended,251570,26399441,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,This has to be the best survival zombie game that i have ever played.  there is so much to do in this game and the crafting is quite impressive.  the zombies really are scary as hell because you have to watch your back every second.  this is such a great sandbox game. you really can do anything you want and create a base that suites you.  really if you are tired of playing the other games where people just kill you then you need to play this because really the zombies are a much bigger threat. This game is so completely addicting.  it is worth every penny.  ive payed twice as much for games that have not delivered even half as much as this game has. easily a 10/10. and i cant wait to see where this game goes next in development.
,Recommended,251570,11812534,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Neir,"Very nice survival game and fun with friends. Although the game is still in development with a hand full of bugs and item balance issues still being worked out, this is a great game for everyone (especially those that love sandbox games) to try out."
,Recommended,251570,14081427,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ʕ ᓀ ᴥ ᓂ ʔ,Minecraft (cubes) + Dayz (survival) = 7 days to die
76561198005327797,Recommended,251570,14676508,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Irrelevant,"Ok ill be the first one to say that when i first laid my eyes on this game i was like ""whoaaa.... L4D made sweet love to Minecraft and a loveable baby called 7D2D was born"". I bought the game imediatelly without even thinking twice about it (Yeah, im that st00pid).I started playing it and i was like ""Oh come on, this thing sucks so bad it could be an industrial vaccuum..."" Graphics were terrible, controls were clunky, weapons were unfair (You would get weapon magazines by the dozen with each killed Fatty) and building was very limited... i was disapointed... i was crying on the inside to find out that the baby was actually a deceiving little sh*t faced a$$hole. I never touched it again but i still kept an eye out for it.It payed off, recently this game had just had a total overhaul so gigantic that it would make plastic surgeons around the world blush.I started playing it single player at first and i was freakin amazed on how the game changed... it looked like and entire different game altogether. Loved every single aspect of it... Combat was more fluid, melee weapons were awesome, firearms were somewhat rare and ammunition was even rarer. Single zombies are unthreatening and kinda funny actually but should you get overwhelmed, they will be the ones laughing over your pathetic corpse. Oh, you WILL die, thats for sure... Maybe not from zombies, maybe not from disease and even maybe not from a hidden trap... You will probably die while mining or while attempting to explore an unstable building. I built a freaking castle from concrete and reinforced concrete, complemented with forged Iron Walls and a huge moat filled with wood spikes and log traps. I had 2 Sniper Towers fitted with trap doors and a damn living room each with TVs, a fridge and other things totally (not) necessary for towers of death from afar... When i finished it, i went outside, looked up, puffed my chest and thought to myself ""I'm an epic genious and i am teh bestest builder in the game""The i remembered i was playing a single player game... ""Oh f*** ""THERE WAS NO ONE TO SEE MY MASTERPIECE AND I COULD NOT MEASURE THE SIZE OF MY E-PEEN!!!! D:""PS: Don't play it alonePlaying it with friends in controlled server (modded) is the best thing you can do. Don't play this game single player, you will quickly get bored of it and you will end up resenting it. No, best way to play is with friends/family and with voice chat to make things even better.PROS:-Massive maps that will take you literarly days to fully explore.-Very mod friendly game, you can find tons of mods to suit your gamestyle.-Melee Combat very intuitive and fluid, easy to master.-Ranged Combat is all about you... if you can aim, you can hit.-Crafting is now user friendly, showing the materials you need even when you dont have them in your inventory.-Intricate Wellness system adds to the survival mechanism, understanding of this system is a must for survival.-The sheer amount of customization makes building the best experience in 7D2D.CONS-Well, the biggest con is that this is a multiplayer game... there will always be people dead set in screwing other players over, no matter what. This isn't a con from the game itself, its from being multiplayer. Playing in a private and/or controlled server is the best you can do to prevent less reputable people from screwing you and your friend's fun.-Allthough this isn't really a con, the game is ruthless and merciless towards new players, making some of them cry like little girls... trust me, i know...-It's still an Alpha early access. (Not really a con, more like a reminder)-There are a few known major bugs that can be a pain in the a$$ but some of them can be bypassedBug 1: Sometimes when mining or jumping in a placed frame, you will fall through the map... yeah, kinda sucks but can fixed by leaving the server and reentering it.Bug 2: Disconnecting (wether by choice or forced) while crafting something in your crafting window will cause the materials and finished products still in collect slot to disappear, thus losing everything you were crafting.Bug 3: Sometimes when cooking food/drinks and/or using chemistry will cause the materials to completelly disappear without crafting anything.These are the major bugs known in the game (A10.4 at the time of this review). If you keep in mind one of these might happen, you won't be surprised and it won't ruin your fun as much. A11 is about to land bringing us weapon rarity grades, a Minibike (HELL YEAH!!!) and a new engine that makes GFX even moar sweet.So yeah, would totally build another fortress in single player... 10/10"
76561197996996759,Recommended,251570,13937601,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dakkon MTG,"I love this game. It's still in Alpha, but playable with a few bugs (sniper rifle).I would compare this to a L4D2/Minecraft combination. With that being said, the game can get frustrating at the begining, but once you have a system down it becomes less frustrating and more resource stockpiling. In that it is a combination of those games, you will see alot of enemies that are very simular to L4D2 enemies. Cops are almost identical to the Spitter in the series. A few enemies are quite unique and can be a headache while trying to gather equipment. The idea you have to build everything is quite simular to Minecraft, except the list of available items to create and thier plans are all right there, removing the need to go wiki to look up ingredents.  The game does last longer than 7 days as a contridiction to the title, which is nice.There are many different options when starting a game. From single player to multiplayer, random map or Storyline map. The options of what happens to your gear when you die, how often items reset, how often airdrops happen, and even the legth of each day (way awesome).Some very interesting ideas that the game does offer is the ability to become infected, suffer from injury and disease, and attract zombies with some of the items you can have in your inventory. The ability to go into ""sneak"" is almost exactly like Skyrim, to include the HUD icon.The multiplayer portion of this game is what seals it down as a great game. When set up right it makes things interesting for a 4v4 multiplayer map as teams can fight over resources in an area, all while also trying to keep from being killed by zombies.The down side to this game is that the crafting time can be really long and some resources aren't easily available as fast as you will go though them (brass and gas). If you don't have a good balance of difficulty you can find yourself spending your time just grinding with little to no challange.Tips: Leave your zombie run to Default, set your bag to ""delete"" when you die, and set your day/night ratio to 50%."
76561198035098247,Recommended,251570,14355311,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,dwinblood,"I have had this game for quite some time but had not gotten around to playing it.    I kept checking back and reading reviews and forums to see how it was coming along even though I owned a copy.   I was waiting to see when it reached a point where family and friends might decide to dive in.    That point was reached a few weeks ago.I downloaded the Dedicated Server and fired it up in my house.   Myself and two of my sons jumped into it and spent A LOT of time dying.   We loved every minute of it.   We could immediately see it could be a challenge and it had a lot of things to do.    The effects of drinking unpurified water from lakes, rivers, etc and getting the little squatting and pooping icon in the lower left corner while you run around with the effects of diarhea is just one of numerous funny things.   However, the game is serious and even though that is funny it is a serious thing and is simulated as such.   It is only funny to realize the game simulates to that level and can be quite amusing.As this game is in early access it keeps getting better and better.    This is all my son, and wife have been playing for about two weeks straight now.   They'd put spikes strategically in river crossing points for zombie hordes, they've built towers for sniper posts, they've dug and built larger underground homes with large amounts of storage, they've established corn, cotton, coffee, potato, blueberry, and other farms near their location.They currently exploit a bug where if you are deep underground and stand close to a wall and look up it will clip and you can see the surface way above you and watch the hordes of zombies wander around.    This game is very stable from our experience, has a ton of features, and is for the most part bug free.    It has come a long way and can be a lot of fun.Also, if you've wanted a more co-op Zombie Survival game than the DayZ fare and don't really want to deal with the PvP aspects that is an option here.   However, it can be also run in the free for all style where newbs are fair game to camping  veterans who hunt them.    Our personal dedicated server this is not a problem and we just deal with surviving and exploring in the environment.It does have a standard map that it uses, but it also generates random maps that work really well.In this game surprisingly the DESERT biome is a nice place to be.   You can survive on Cactus fruit, and make Yuka Juice. :)   It has quite a number of Biomes.More realism is hopefully coming in the future such as greater thirst in deserts, and needing to have clothes or something suitable in the winter environments.   Those would be nice features.   They'd make the game harder, but that only extends its challenge and longevity.I very much recommend this game.For the Unity haters out there.   This game is made with Unity but functions very well."
76561198021038210,Recommended,251570,8556436,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The Wolf,"Great game with tons to do. Build a small fort or a huge base. Set traps, find weapons to survive. And dont forget to eat and drink a few times a day. Team up and survive the night.... if you can."
,Recommended,251570,14319303,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mabonil,"This game is great for how early on it still is, just remember to grab some friends, way more fun in a group!"
76561198021151080,Recommended,251570,23937701,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Crying Dawson <fuckFarmSkins.com,The greatest openworld survival zombie game. At least I think so.
,Recommended,251570,9766910,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Kitty,"Of all the Alpha games I have tested, 7D2D has impressed me the most. The developers and their team frequently roll out updates and bug fixes that are both exciting and unique to the game. A randomly generated world was long awaited and hasn't disappointed! I love the re-playable value of this game, the crafting system, and the ability to change the world around you from top to bottom.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,33736896,Posted: 22 July,all,ADT | Phaiz [SKVR],Great for solo and small (2-8 people) private servers. PVP servers without strict rules turn into every other survival game with 110% griefing and virtually zero gain. You should also play with higher skill point settings as the default rate is terrible if you aren't in a group of 3+ people. Default settings force you to specialize in certain skills due to the lack of points so obviously that's bad for solo and/or duo.
76561198057344514,Not Recommended,251570,20462447,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,not hacking,Had a lot of fun with this game before it became the buggiest game on the planet
,Recommended,251570,11747573,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ekta,"Nice Game, Very fun to play with your friends so many things to do in this game,With the new updates the game just gets better and betteri love this game its so well made and its worth the money!One of my Favourite Survival Sandbox Game !10/10 !"
76561198001690944,Recommended,251570,9309924,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hemi Soolin,"Bearing in mind that (at the time of writing) this is in alpha, I have to say that this has good potential.I play at home, multiplayer with other members of my family. We have it set up on a private server on our home LAN.The first thing you want do do once entering the game is locate somewhere to build a safe haven. And as night falls the urgency becomes apparent. During the daytime, the zombies are ok to deal with, but at night they move twice as fast.You can craft your own weapons and ammo - I personally like the crosbow (must have watched too much of The Walking Dead!) I know there are plenty of critics of this game, good and bad. My two pence worth is that it is better to play with someone else rather than on your own, due to gathering/building before night.It does occasionally have it's moments than can effect the cleanliness of your underpants - especially if you play it in the dark.Worth a punt!"
,Recommended,251570,10102338,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Pipi.,This game is like a blackhole. It's sucking away my life. I hate that i love you 7 days to die. Give me back my life.
76561198034859988,Recommended,251570,9337481,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Escher,"this game is great fun. yes its in Alpha, but the issue aren't overwelming hardly even annoying. i spend hour building looting farming craft zombie killing mining ect. with my friends....can you survive?"
76561198096826075,Recommended,251570,9173290,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,IAMlucifah,this game is really good !!! to all those people out there who like minecraft and dayZ this is for you.
76561197974795024,Not Recommended,251570,20144344,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Florinescu Farmskins.com,"Just another grinding game, but go trough it, is ok.Somehow ...No matter dificulty, zombies have hidden tools. Not regular tools, is titan tools. And about realism, how the  F Uc K   a person maded only by flesh and bones have so much power to destroy concrete and some iron door... I understand they are very angry (zombies), but they are only flesh and bones    f f s . There is no middle dificulty in this game, only too easy and too hard.And in winter zone...you can't wear clothes after you die...so you die again, trying to reach a warm zone (up to 700 times, depends how much pedobears are around you).This game is for sado-maso (Yes , I am undercover too) ,sometimes gives you pain in the big fat zone (all people have one).11 bucks is not a big deal , but sometimes is better to drink something with friends, instead of playing sado-maso games."
76561197971818334,Recommended,251570,22914042,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Apocalypse Tittie,"""This game is ruining my life""  is something I would say if i had one. :PAs it is, it is merely filling my days with great satisfaction as i struggle to survive in a brilliantly crafted environment complete with the worst freaking dogs you'll ever meet!!! I hate those friggin' dogs!Tho this game is still in EA, and needs some minor bug fixes, (if I keep getting hit from 30 feet away and have to waste half my ammo on crawlers once this game reaches release, I may start raging and change this review) a little optimization, and a story line (for the hell of it since sandbox mode does me just fine), it is one of the best games I have played in my life.The gameplay is almost enough to forgive the minor bugs and polish issues. (Bethesda seems to do ok with major releases that never see the quality this game has already reached in that regard, however)Overall, I support this game in every way, as I have even put up a server for the first time with any game.If you like survival and moderate crafting (this doesn't get complicated or strenuous), Open World looting and mining in a fully destructible world, PVE or PVP experience, then give this game a try. It won't disappoint."
,Recommended,251570,9879753,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Z.,"It's interesting, and with frequent updates it gets even better."
,Recommended,251570,9892895,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Desanya,I love the game and I have spent entirley to much time playing it. I am looking foward to more items being added in game and hopefully more recipes.
,Recommended,251570,9377994,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,(sub)Optimized Gaming,"Friday 7 March 2014First off, I would like to say that this game was not always fun or playable for me. When I got it in Alpha 6 for $25 bucks, it took forever to load and initialize, the game lagged badly and frequently, and there were definitely some features, such as the random map generation mechanism, that simply were not there. My laptop is running Windows 8 with a 2.7 GHz AMD processor and 4GB of RAM, so lag should not have been a problem according to the posted game requirements. It made me upset, and I was very unhappy that I was unable to play the game I had just dropped $25 on.And then along came Alpha 7.The developers ""crunched hard"" on making Alpha 7 significantly better, and they kept their word to release it by the end of February. I logged onto Steam on February 28, and ---BAM-- there was an update for 7 Days to Die. It was about damn time for something to be done about the games' various bugs and alpha shortcomings.When I opened this game after the update, I was overjoyed to see that the lag problem had almost completely vanished, new items, patches, and options were in place, and that I could finally start enjoying the game.So far, I am loving every aspect of this game, especially the realistic strategy and tactics. One of my favorites is putting hub cap land mines in various clusters around a Survival Horde map. When they explode, they both kill the zombie that activated it, and draw all the other walkers toward the noise, away from me.I would say that 7 Days to Die is definitely worth the $25 I paid for it, although you might want to wait for a sale to pick this one up. Can't wait for Official Release!P.S.-If a developer is reading this:I would really like to see the random map generation feature released soon, so that by Alpha 8, we can all make unique maps to play on. That is the biggest thing that I absolutely can't stand about this game currently. Great game! Thanks for working hard to improve it.Update:Thursday 10 April 2014After the 7.9 update, I have to say I am rather unhappy with the current Co-op and Multiplayer abilities, but very hopeful for their future. Something this game seems to never be able to shake off entirely is its lag problem. If one update makes the game run smooth, the next may bring it back down to, make it worse than, or make it better than where it was originally. I know that the devs are working hard, as is evidenced in their persistent updates.I will still recommend you wait for a sale (perhaps the Spring Sale in a week or two?) to buy this game, as $25.00 is kind of a lot for the game in its present state.Update:Saturday 24 May 2014It has been two days since the release of Alpha 8.2, and I am very impressed with the way that this game is maturing. It has certainly come a long way since I got it back in Alpha 6, and I believe it is safe to say that it will only continue to get better. Ever since Alpha 8, I haven't experienced any major lag, frozen screens, and glitching (except when I set off ~100 barrels of oil- then there's a few second's delay), and with the addition of land claim blocks to go along with improved co-op and multiplayer options, my private server is all ready to go for my friends and I.I really like how you can get a potentially deadly 4-stage infection now if you are attacked by the undead, and require appropriate medicine (antibiotics) to save yourself, as well as the newly implemented clothing and armor system. Although I am getting a little anxious waiting for the random world generation option, I have to remind myself that I haven't quite explored all of Navezgane yet due to being occupied with building my reinforced-concrete-and-iron-bars bunker.Also just trying to survive in general now requires some effort, as I refuse to play on Beginner and Adventurer difficulty anymore---I am not saying that you are somehow a wimp or noob if you currently play with or prefer to play with these settings for whatever reason, but I have enough experience that I can now turn up the difficulty and have tons of fun, rather than die of starvation, zombies, radiation poisoning, thirst, etc., every 15 minutes, like I did for the first 5 hours of playing this game. Give it time, you'll get there, and then you'll have many hours of exciting and challenging gameplay ahead of you."
76561197992674721,Recommended,251570,11736772,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,DDD,"Really, just get it now, it's in 0.9 almost final. Game is exeptionnaly fun and nice in everyway. Pimps (dev's) been working hard making this game through early access and i can say happilly this is a little jewel of survival free-roam zombie rama.So many different environments and loot to find, action and♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. Yeah...get it."
76561198058400212,Recommended,251570,9566165,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Aliena,"Decided to give a little more of an indepth review since there doesn't seem to be many of them.1. Crafting:- Building: You can craft pretty much whatever you want to build out of. Cobblestone, brick, prick paver for a pool, stone, whatever.- Traps: You can also craft pipe bombs, sharpened sticks, land mines, use spider webs, anything to help fortify your hold.- Food: Yes you can make multiple kinds of food though a cooking and items like gas cans through the chemistry system.- Aestetics: What fun is the zombie apocolypse if you can't have pretty things in your house? You can now craft items (or steal them, and tv's/paintings from rich people), to decorate your house!2. Fighting:- Players: ALWAYS fun- Zombies: The way the game is set up the person who hosts (if they choose to host) gets to set the ""difficulty"" This is an actually impressive customized system. The host is able to set anything from zombies: How many zombies, how hard they hit, if there will be zombies at all (thats right you can turn off zombies and other enemies COMPLETLY if you just want a  pvp game) and if the zombies will run or not. It also lets the host decide how the day/night cycle is handled, if there will be more light than dark, etc. Also how many hits blocks take to break, and more. It lets you and your friends (or just you) have a customized experience. For added fun turn down the damage you do, increase the zombie health, make night predominentand turn on running. Oh and increase the spawn rate of  zombies by 200%, really, trust me,  it's so fun.- Weapons: Many different types of weapons including guns (snipers rifle, shotgun, piston, machine gun), crossbows, melee weapons, or if you're feeling like just plowing through people, pull out a chainsaw or auger.3. Ambience: The background noise for this game is ridiculous. It actually has made me jump a few times. Nothing like being in the middle of a ruined city, hearing the wind blow around you and then..a baby's scream.This game updates VERY often, and really does listen to the community. The developers really seem to care about this game, and i've been very impressed with it so far.One of the biggest concerns I had with this game before I bought it though was the ability to play on a server with JUST my friends. This game lets one of your friends ""host"" a game and load up a server just for your friends, so have no fear! Also an added bonus is the fact you can CHANGE GAME settings whenever you load it back up. All your progress is saved AND you can change it. Finding zombies to much? Easy log out, reload and change it."
,Not Recommended,251570,17317341,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,S3XAS,Here is the problem with the 7 days to die. Hit boxes r broken zombie can hit u even if u away from him and we all know that is not going to be fix anytime soon or even ever. Developer r adding Weather system to the game for god sake instead fixing hit boxes in the game.I'm not sure is it the code or the engine that give the limitations. Since this problem was from launch 2013.If u just looking for the game where u can build things then maybe I guess the game is for u.If like me u r looking for game that is zombie survival game with base building then keep looking. Zombies here r just a gimmick.One more thing to mention is that game it self is very badly optimized as of right now. I get more fps on Ultra setting in rome 2 or arma 3 then on medium in 7 days and I know im comparing AAA titles with Indie but I'm just saying that game that is no graphical marble should be able to run better.
76561198013081521,Recommended,251570,21720147,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,greekmonkey1,"In depth crafting system with lots of schematics to find and craft. Great graphics! Zombies scare me every time I play. Building things is just as fun as killing Zs, scavenging and blowing stuff up. I am looking forward to questing, NPCs and skill trees. Lots to keep a long time player involved or a new player excited!"
76561198077318649,Not Recommended,251570,16893712,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,wb,New update has made the game completely unplayable on Mac.
,Not Recommended,251570,32266610,Posted: 8 June,all,badvok,"8 months since the last release and these guys have the audacity to release an experimental version to streamers. It makes no sense, experimental builds are meant to be play tested to resolve bugs not used as an advertising tool.I was quite happy waiting until that massive slap in the face."
,Recommended,251570,19256055,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TheJusticeSquid,"Rewriting my review since things have changed.Overall the game is very fun. Very poorly optimized though which is bearable with some tweaking on the graphics settings.The new leveling system they added is nice. Neat little perks to choose from, very similar to Fallout 3s leveling system.Melee has been improved since I last reviewed. Stunning zombies and decaping them is a huge improvement.Gun loot balance is horrible. I hate how every gun is in parts except the rare instance you find a completed gun. Why did everyone decide to take apart their firearms during the apocalypse exactly?The balance would be much better if completed guns were more common with rarer gun parts that are higher quality."
76561198070512587,Recommended,251570,16949358,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Zadarh,"I have played since alpha 8 and a friend and I rent a server.This game is amazing! Devs are hard working and fix bugs/patch regularly. Easily 10/10 and worth $25. I am convinced that when this game is finished it will be THE STANDARD that other zombie survival horror games are measured against!My friends and I have seen plenty of bugs come and go (glass legs, no 7 day horde, zombies clipping through doors) they have not made us stop playing. when our legs broke every 3 secs we carried splints and coffee. The game is too good to stop. An inconveinient bug is far outweighed by the terror felt when YOU and 2 others are boarded up in a 5'x5' bathroom, crouched with guns loaded and pointed at the door praying the zombies don't break through. If this sounds like fun to you don't hesitate JUST GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY!!!!! You will not regret it (and if you do steam has some new return policy so check that out).o7   Good Luck Survivors!"
,Recommended,251570,8512855,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,FatalScriptError ^v^,"I bought this game a few days ago and before that i thought it will turn out to be pretty good, and it really is!A zombie survival-sandbox that has a lot of features on alpha stage and is just about to get better.I have found just some minor bugs in my playtime and one of them is the server sometimes just throwing you out, but that's not really a big deal and can be fixed easily. One thing i'm waiting very much is the drivable vehicles and more craftables that surely will come.I don't really have any negative thoughts about the game and i have been playing a lots of games from survival to sandbox and this one is surely on the top-3 on those categories + Playing with friends makes it at least 10 times better than playing single. The other gamemodes are pretty fun too.P.S. I'm at the time playing this game with an average laptop and I haven't come across with almost any lag.30$ Price is totally fine and you should definetly buy it if you are a fan of survival, sandbox and zombie games."
76561198034184995,Recommended,251570,8066955,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CotaBucky,What an absolute blast in MP. Teamwork build and create just about anything.destroy buildings if you want and craft objects. Wicked fun.Zombies are fast especially the dogs and the sounds are creepy.Nightime the zombies are vicious
76561197998695522,Recommended,251570,28560902,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rider,There are minor issues but on the whole it's a terrific game.
,Recommended,251570,9488147,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,morbidfacination,"Great fun! Constant updates from Dev's that communicate Regularly with thier playerbase, which is rare these days. Zombies, Crafting and Voxel Building. Cant ask for much more"
,Not Recommended,251570,26011511,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nekowolf,"I've been playing this game since the terrain was still blocks and ""scrap metal"" was a thing. That's why it pains me to say I don't think I can really recommend the game anymore. There have been a series of design choices that I just do not see as benefitial, and taken altogether, have been detrimental to the experience.Before I got to the biggest issue, first I should go into combat. I am not sure when it started, but combat has become annoying. Not for the fact it exists, but for the fact it often feels like zombies have a longer reach than you do, or that melee attacks you make against them that should hit do not. It feels like you must get much closer to them than they do to you. That on its own would be a fairly minor issue, however it does not exist in a vaccuum.All too often, you will be suddenly attacked from behind by a zombie that had silently crept up behind you from the surrounding area while fighting others. You are essentially expected to swing around mid-combat and scan behind you and your flanks to see if any other are encroaching. That is, quite frankly, ridiculous, nor from what I recall did it used to be that way. From what I recall, zombies used to make much more noise before, thus making it easier to notice them behind you.Again, on its own, too bad of an issue. So what is it that makes these problems such a big problem? Well, it's two-fold. Stunlock and ""Wellness."" When you are hit by a zombie, too frequently you are stunned. While you can still attack, it reduces more movement almost to nothing. While it may not sound bad to say ""it only lasts two seconds,"" but that is two seconds where you are easily ravaged, quite possibly stunned again right after. That together with zombies that seem to have overly-long reach and can sneak up behind you without a sound, makes for a very frustrating encounter. And god forbid you die.If you did die, you encounter another major design choice that I cannot justify. The ""Wellness"" system. Your max health and stamina are tied to your Wellness, with a base Wellness of 100. A positive trend gives your more health and stamina, and likewise, a negative trend has a negative effect. And, apparently since Alpha 15, a new update at the time of writing this, experience gain is also tied to Wellness.Simply put, it is a semi-permanent punishment (there are ways to increase wellness) for not only dying, but for being attacked, or for being hungry or thirsty. To use a slight exagguration, you are punished for not playing optimally, by making it even more difficult to survive. You died? Then the game will make it easier for you to die again. Quite simply, that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t considering, again, everything else I have said about the combat.With that out of the way, we come to what I think is the biggest problem with the game. The ""7 Day Horde."" Every seven days, a special horde will spawn nearby your location, or on top of you, and it always detects where you are at. The reason I consider this among the game's biggest issues is it essentially shuts down a nomadic style of gameplay, and it forces the game to be specifically revolved around this particular event, requiring you to establish yourself well enough to settle down and build enough defenses to stand against this horde. And that is all you are ""allowed"" to do. Any time you're spending not preparing for this horde is a waste, and in early game, could get you killed, which you are then punished for. This goes back to what I said earlier, where the game not only wants, but makes you, try to play ""optimally,"" at least in the early game.Just take this recent example. I had a small house built, upgraded the lower portions to metal-enforced wood, and had my door upgraded. These zombies broke through the door within seconds, the zombie who actually broke it down took several headshots from a pistol, only for about four or five zombies barging in through the now-open doorway. Not to mention how totally useless my wood spikes were in that scenario, considering zombies, in general, seem to be attracted to breaking doors. How am I expected to defend against such aggression in so early of the game, only to be punished for dying? Especially considering you have to explore the map for resources, which takes away time that can be spent working on your base. The simple answer is there is no balance to these hordes oncesoever.And unfortunately, the developers have expressed refusal to make an in-game option for this 7 Day Horde, expressing that it is easy to to alter an XML file to turn them off. Frankly, it should be an option, and their unwillingness to do so under an excuse of how easy it is to edit a file, or as some people have argued, ""people want options for everything,"" are just that; excuses. It is a foundational core element to the gameplay now, one that did not used to exist. Thus it is most certainly justifiable to have it as an option.There are other problems with the game that, while small, make for an overall inconvenient experience. The removal of the minimap and hunger and thirst bars on the player's UI, in spite of the fact that the map can be accessed at any time through a hotkey, and hunger and thirst can be seen on the character's inventory screen. Why these are not easily visible on the UI any longer, as they once were, I just cannot see a good argument for.The means of crafting was changed, from a Minecraft-like item-patterns on a crafting grid, to a more generic ""select from a list."" This change in itself isn't an issue, as even before,  you could select from a list and have items auto-placed, however with this update, the menu UI was changed. This is a visual matter, as the earlier inventory screen had a fitting design and aesthetic, while the newer one is bland and without any real asthetic, simply being a very basic menu over a grey background. Even the health and stamina bars look like they'd belong more at home on Microsoft Excel.Overall, while the game isn't terrible, it's presence isn't exactly strong, either. You might find it entertaining enough to justify its costs and compensation over its issues. If you have the money easily available to spend, and you think you may like it, then I suppose try it. However, I personally cannot recommend the game anymore; it simply has too much wrong with it, too many inconveniences, and that is really such a shame."
76561198005463915,Recommended,251570,18810720,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ttv/Alcatrazzia,"I will be honest with you guys.I really didnt have any big expactations at all.But i really love this game. In three days i played 30h.i havent seen a bug yet.I run my graphics on high.The game floats smoth.You get alot of loot.Easy to understand how to build things.The game is really hard tho, and i love that!Hard to kill zombies if you not sneaking around. If you stand up they will come in packsand you better ruuun. =)So i always make a bow and sneak around and try to take them down one and one or maby two at the time.I dont want to say to much about it i recomend this game.Cant stop play!"
76561198097913806,Not Recommended,251570,16873914,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ian.minto,AFTER UPDATE TEXTURES MISSING PREFORMANCE DOWN EVEN ON BASIC SETTINGS
76561198068689898,Not Recommended,251570,19675655,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Backwards Hadouken,"Memory leaks, developers don't prioritize fixing the game so everyone can play, the game takes 3 + minutes to start up, and setting back to an earlier update didn't even work,"
76561198120065575,Not Recommended,251570,19771680,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,HellHound,laaaaaaaaaaags laaaaaaaaaags and more laaaaaaaaaaaags!!!!!!!!!
76561198137992146,Not Recommended,251570,19668238,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,VenganceuponU,"It saddens me greatly to have to do this. I have been around this game since the days of alpha 8. However I cannot recommend this game in its present form. Alpha 13 broke so many things that didn't need tweaking in the first place. The crafting system is gone (it’s still there but is a former shell of itself) right clicking is gone to search is gone. The whole new interface practically slaps you in the face to break immersion it simply doesn’t fit. It looks like a computer interface it’s too clean almost if that makes any sense. the inventory interface doesn't feel like it belongs in a survival game rather then a down and gritty crafting aspect we are left with something that has all the recipes listed that you can just click on and it auto crafts them for you what did this need fixing ?. Zeds take forever to kill now, and can still hit you from 10ft away. The rate at which you get cold or hot is way off balance. Basically if you spawn in a snow biome or a desert biome you’re hosed.now on to my next gripe.  My system specsamd 8350fxasus rog am3+ mb16gb g skills 2400mhz ramcrossfired 7950s500gb 10k rpm hdcorsair h100i cooler1250 watt seasonic gold rated psuWindows 7I should have no issues running this game hell fallout 4 runs at 60+ on ultra with no frame rate issues. So why on earth am I having lag spikes and frame rate drops from 60 down to 15 in some areas for no given reasons what so ever. Tried with both video cards then tried with just one still the same thing. I understand this is alpha but hells so is ark and I still manage a solid 40-50 on that on ultra. I love this game i really do I like the concept and up until alpha 13 I loved where it was going. However in its present state I cannot suggest anyone buy it."
76561197962849564,Not Recommended,251570,8101987,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Splifsend,"the mobs are like magnets, even if you stay quiet, and are hidden they know where you are, which makes mobs impossible to beat, they will punch through any defences you make, even solid stone..  im not impressed with the sounds they make, its rubbish.. durabily of tools and weapons is way too low..all in all you might as well just play minecraft, its half the price and twice as good, even as vanilla"
76561198143255847,Recommended,251570,15814587,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,famas100,leg breaking sim 2015 everyone/everyone would break their legs every five ♥♥♥♥ing secondsjokes aside the game is really solid and looks good with unity five it does give a meaty challenge and good guns are really hard to get and best of all! YOU WONT BE GUNNED DOWN FOR BAKED BEANS THE MOMENT YOU SPAWN
76561198103228071,Not Recommended,251570,16888428,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,FlavorTown,dont waste your time or money on this glorified trash it makes me want to scream dont buy this horrific crap heap of a game
76561198032249196,Not Recommended,251570,19720095,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lancar,"I played this game quite a bit in alpha 12.5, and while the game still has potential in A13 it is going in a direction I really don't like.Right now, the game is playable, but not intuitive and definitely not new-player friendly.Granted, it was hard for newbs before, but that was due to the hostile environment and enemies ambushing you.Now, in addition to that (and bugged enemies) they also have to fight the interface and system to get anything done. And that is AFTER they've manged to SLOWLY grind their way to the same action speeds new characters had when starting in A12.5! Front loading the tedium to make you EARN to have fun later is not the way to go.Yet one of the more prominent people in the  developer team for this game is very rude, and constantly acts dismissive of many complaints the community has with the game. His fanboys are even worse, and it's frankly sickening to watch.So, why do I?Because the game, at its core, is really good. It is, and it has so much potential to get even better. If this was still A12.5 I'd recommend the game in a heartbeat. But right now it's just not fun to play anymore.I advice you to stay away until the game is completed and judge then if you find it interesting. You seriously don't want to participate in this particular development cycle."
,Recommended,251570,12300941,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,[Legend] Txeon,"Good game, need some one to join my server :|"
76561198044996102,Recommended,251570,14008495,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tyrant,"This game is a great combination of mincratf-like games and fallout. I like that there actually is a danger out there and that your bases must be designed wisely. Getting the perfect base takes time, and you might end up losing everything after some weeks of surviving so the game is a constant challenge.The online gaming is great most players are nice and respectful, even on PVP, sadly the game seems to have poor security, cause twice in one day hackers logged in and screwed the game for some players. Losing everything to a horde or a fair fight with another player is ok, but spawning TNT through the walls is just frustrating, but that happens rarely and it's a very small minority of the players.Still a few lags and bugs, but nothing game breaking and very enjoyable during LAN parties. If they keep developping in that direction this game will stay awesome and get even better.The latest versions only made it better, the new skill system forces you you to cooperate with players and the new zombies make it a lot more dangerous and hard to survive. The challeneg keeps progressing and you have to keep evolving or be crushed byt the horde. I still recomment this game."
76561198014478466,Recommended,251570,16929194,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Nåmi,One of the finest zombie survival games I have played! 100% worth the time and money to get this game :D
,Recommended,251570,14077271,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TheDrWillSeeYou,"This is a challenging, fun, and entertaining game which is horribly entertaining in its current incarnation.  The fact it's still in Alpha makes that even more impressive.Fighting off zombies hordes while trying to find enough scraps of food and cups of clean water to survive long enough to mine for resources to build a defensible safehouse has never been so much fun.  Add to that the exhilaration of creating and detonating TNT....and you have a damned-near perfect game.The A11 update still has a few bugs (though I haven't experienced as many as others), but it restored my excitement about playing 7DTD.  Zombies are freakin hard to kill now, it's nowhere near as easy as it had been to run aound out in the open, and crouching now rightly makes movement painfully slow!  Though it's aggravating as hell to have to recraft so many early weapons/tools because my quality is low since I haven't leveled much yet, I find this adds even more tension to the game."
,Recommended,251570,13887674,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,bmrgould,"I've really been enjoying this game. For an early access game it's extremely entertaining, and has a lot of features, and constantly gets updated. As with early access games, it's lacking features or has certain gameplay issues. It falls under the zombie survival genre, with added aspects of crafting and building, and does all of those much better than similar games.The zombie aspect is very well done so far. The early game is very enjoyable and challenging. The hoards every 7 nights, as well as wandering hoards, keep more passive players challenged. High value areas with higher risk make the difficulty enjoyable. Different types of zombies make a much better zombie gameplay, though I really do hate the way dogs are. I find the current issue is being able to finalize a base and move into the late game. Going into the late game means there is very little challenge, as you've set up a fantastic base with access to many resources, and very low risk of ever being overrun, basically the zombie aspect becomes weaker. Leaving a crafting and building experience as the focus. As an alpha, that could very well be changed and would make this game even better than it already is.The crafting and building aspect of the game are decent so far. There are a good amount of block types for different stages of the game, and different types of buildings. Making a decent progression for base building. Crafting is done well so far, but I feel there is a lot of room for improvement. The RNG of needing certain books to unlock things can be very fustrating. Progressing with techology of tools and items progresses a little too fast, and slow, depending on the stage of the game. More depth would be very nice. Overall crafting and building are solid, but have lots of options and room to grow as alpha goes on.The issues it currently has are the very basic form of random generated maps, though it's a newer feature. There is a low number of Points of Interests / unique buildings. Though they are adding them regularly, and currently the core buildings are all great. I would really like to see a ton of new buildings combined with a better random generated system to make a better game. Regardless there has been good progression regarding this, and I have high hopes for the outcome.The game is not the most stable and plenty of people complain about fps drops around certain things, or with too many zombies. Though personally my pc is very good and handles it well enough.Overall this game is good with lots of room to become really amazing."
76561197987935809,Recommended,251570,16517573,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SurferDevo,"I do recommend this game.----First id like to start with the negative things though (i know its a bit backwards)The dev team can be kind of finicky at times, they tend to break things in attempts to fix it, only making things more frustrating. For example they took out the viability of melee combat in comparison to ranged, i dont know why because it was in no way overpowered as you still needed tons of meds and bandages. They do realize the issue ... but wont fix it for a very long time from now(alpha 13 to be exact). i dont know about you but melee combat not working in a zed survival game is really bad. HACKING it is real... and it is alive, i dont know what the devs are trying to do to stop people from hacking but it is bruuutal, your house, everything you worked for can be gone in the blink of an eye to a hacker so beware. An easy fix to stop hackers is to disable creative mode, i know a lot of creative people would be upset and all but us online players dont like getting hacked on(i speak for us all) .Other than that of course there are the usual alpha complaints, be ready to deal with constant wipes and at times stability issues, they are easy to overlook unless you are some architect that likes spending all their time on building something pretty.--- As for the positive, The game is pretty and is getting even better over time, the environments and the textures, variety of weapons and crafting. Its super fun especially when played with a good community or even just 1 friend. the variety is just so huge you never know what you are going to find. i do recommend playing it on hard or feral though or else the game is kind of too easy. The sheer potential of this game is enormous and with every large update you find yourself in a somewhat brand new game.HAPPY HUNTING!!!PS. They added this thing called gore blocks recently and its god aweful and i hope they fix it, at first it made sense that zombies dead bodies could pile up causing others to use them as a +1 elevation platform, but the way the devs implemented it is poorly executed in my opinion."
,Recommended,251570,30360503,Posted: 6 March,all,AWildScotsman,"This game, although still in early access has too many positives for an early access game. It is one of the best games I have ever played.Pros-Very simple crafting system-Very good frame rate-Good base building mechanics and good physics system-Hard to survive, which is good for a survival game-Tutorial at the start of the game which sets you up perfectly and gets you familiar with the game-Good variation of zombies and biomes-Wide variety of weapons and defenses-Every 7 days there is a massive zombie horde which is a ♥♥♥♥ tonne of funCons-Takes a long time to craft certain things-Takes a long time to gather materials-Water. You are boned if you want to swimThis is honestly one of the few early access games which is actually worth a buy. If you have the cash and the time, I would buy 7 Days to Die as 9 times out of 10 you will enjoy it until you die."
,Recommended,251570,23847854,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PCGaming247,this game is amazing and the hardist game like this ive played next to the forest. Love the game cant wait to see what else they add.
,Recommended,251570,24374309,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jaxxall,Hey there fellow zombie hunters! Alpha 15! Oh yeah!I have played 7 DTD for 1800+ hours and I love this game! I highly recomend this game.Keep in mind that it is still an alpha game but even with that said it is an excellent game with many fun elements to the game play.Check out my You Tube channel for tutorials and game playhttps://www.youtube.com/user/shadowdemonjrkIf you are curious what the game is like check out my last horde night video.https://youtu.be/hqTjRl1bJdo
,Recommended,251570,14457313,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AngelinaMeow,"Love this game. Extremely fun and definitely worth it. What's not to adore about crafting and zombies? Could use some smoothing on the character meshes (get rid of the eyelashes...eesh), but the game itself is fun and challenging."
,Recommended,251570,14463323,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,VeXan,"Pretty fun game overall. It really likes to go for that mildly extremely unsettling feeling with the new sounds. Also seems to like a low polycount, but that makes it slightly more unique. Apparently there's no 5.1 or 7.1 surround, so I never know if a zombie is behind me or not. Also, cleavage. Lots of it, the devs like it I guess."
,Recommended,251570,28020356,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[T4NK]Incredible Wheel of Cheese,"I've struggled a lot with my opinion of this game because there are some *really* good things about it.  There are also some *really* bad things about it.At this exact moment in time, the good outweighs the bad.Pros:+ Crafting system is really polished.+ Progression from nomad to established base owner is fun, natural, and works really well with the game mechanics.+ Multiplayer with friends feels like a totally different game.  It can be an incredible experience with the right friends.+ Zombies are smart enough to pose a risk to the uninitiated, but dumb enough that you can fend off huge groups of them if you plan ahead.Cons:- Very poorly optimized.  I have an i7-4770k and a GTX 980 and running on max settings gives me 20-30 FPS with regular dips into the low teens.  I can get display-capped 144 FPS consistently on much more graphically-demanding games.- Bugs.  Dear lord, the bugs.  Expect things to randomly go missing.  Expect to die without any apparent cause.- The developers (and fans) seem openly hostile to bug reports or any kind of legitimate criticism of the game.  Its early access state is routinely used as a blanket apologetic for the game's problems.  Stay away from the game's official forums and subreddit.  They are both cancerous echo chambers.In summary: play it -- but go in with the knowledge that your experience will be far from perfect."
76561198084720208,Recommended,251570,13506731,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JJNasty010,A dark hole in the ground and and a bunch of eggs beacame my best friend for about a week.
76561198051756972,Recommended,251570,24470285,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GreyGoose987,In my opinion 7 Days to Die is arguably the best sandbox survival game ever made. If they ever add electric circuitry to the game it would be a wrap. The day that happens Minecraft can close up shop. No other game that I've ever played can even come close to the near perfection that this game is. Everything that a sandbox survival game this game has and more. From building to crafting to actually having to defend your base 7 Days to Die is a sandbox lovers paradise.
76561198010545742,Recommended,251570,13868920,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CrossFire,"I normaly dont spend much time on reviews of games becouse i tend to play them, but this game deserves it.Its been what, over 2 years now since i bought the game? I pretty much got it when it got on steam, and wow what a great 2~ish years it has been.If you are looking at a game in early access, you want one thing, and thats propper development.Well stop looking since this game had exactly that and much much more.In the years i played it up till now, this game has always been great, and it just keeps getting better with every update. This review is for version 14.5, but i will also take the development in the past years into account.Ill give an overview of pros and cons, then a summary of when to buy this game, and last some game tips and tricks for when you start off.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros;+ Large open world, multiple biomes each with a unique feel to them+ Interesting, realistic and versatile crafting system+ Great gameplay (controlls, movement etc)+ Skill and level system+ Good grafics, and music+ Lots of  tools and weapons, for everyone something (melee brawling, guns blazing or stealthy, you can play how you like)+ Lots of loot and building materials+ Weather system, that changes depending on the biome your in.+ Set world, random generated worlds, single player and multiplayer (with easy to set up server)+ Propper development, every update makes the game betterCons;- Its an early access game, meaning you might encounter some bugs, and saved games might not work after major updates.- Loading screen takes long when you start the game up.The few bugs or gliches that i have encountered in the past years are few and got fixed in a matter of days sometimes even hours.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------When should you buy this game?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you like Zombie games, Survival, Crafting, Building, Lots of loot, the option to play the way you want, and a game that keeps getting better with every update, this is the game for you.If i had to compare this game with other games, i would say it reminds me of Minecraft, and survival games like DayZ, Rust etc.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Below i will give some tips on how to start off, beware of MINOR SPOILERS!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Last updated: April 2016---------------------------When you start off in the world you get only the most bastic needs, a bit of water, and food, a torch, and a bandage.First thing you want to get as fast as posible, is a stone axe, the game tells you in a little tuturial what to do. You need to pick up stones laying arround with the button ''E'' or hit some boulders with your fist (left mouse button), then you need some grass, hit it with your fist to pick some up.Then you need wood, any tree or bush will give you some when hit.You can craft the stone axe in your crafting menu by pressing ''TAB''.The stone axe is a multi purpose tool that is your new friend, you can use it as a club to smash zombie heads, use it as an axe to chop down trees, and a pickaxe to get stone.Make sure you pick up a lot of stone, wood, and grass becouse you will be making lots of stone axes.You might want a save way to kill a zombie here and there, the bow is a cheap and easy item for this.You will need some wood, and grass to build the bow, the arrows can be made with stone, wood and feathers.Feathers can be found in bird nest that are scattered on the floor here and there (and in or on some buildings)Food/Water; you can fill glass bottles and empty cans with water from rivers and lakes, also you can cook the water on a campfire so you wont get sick.Food can be cooked in different ways, altough not all food needs to be cooked to savely eat it, all canned food can be eaten right away.Surviving is your main priority at the start of the game, you want to loot as much as you can and stay away from zombies, getting hurt early in the game is a bad idea, and dieing (if you dont have perma death on) will lower your wellness, wich is the maximum hitpoints and stamina you have.Only take out the lone zombie here and there if they are in the way of a building you want to loot, by using a bow and/or using the hit and run tacktic. Try hitting zombies in the head.You can find Cloth fragment by looting, breaking down clothing you find, and by crafting it from cotton plants (those bushes with white fluffy balls on it). You will need it for making bandages, and first aid bandages in case you get hurt.Where to survive your first night: Its best to find 2-4 buildings together, and choose the highest one. There you would want to make your first base at the top floor or roof.While one of the  buildings will be your starting base, the other buildings can provide food and materials to survive.If you play with a seed or random generated game, you might have to do with what you find, always try to be from the ground so zombies cant reach you straight away. (shops have a flat roof with a ladder at the back and will do just fine)Every 3 days, unless set differently a plane will fly over and drop a supply crate, this always contains resources like antibiotics, medkits and sometimes other suplies.If you get infected you have 3 days to live unless you take antibiotics or honey, so make sure you get that crate, since its a great help.Usefull loot: Canned food, Water, Medical suplies, Mining helmet (great protection and flashlight that you can turn on with ''F'')Tips!If you are having trouble with surviving at night, instead of setting the dificulty lower, you can also set the zombies to always walk. As default the zombies run when its dark and walk when in (day) light. I always have them set to walk becouse it feels to me like zombies should walk.This however does not affect zombie dogs.Dont go into cities or any big cluster of buildings, more zombies and also stronger zombies spawn here.Every 7 days at night time a horde will come for you, if you are having trouble with them or find them anoying, either keep moving when they come or go back to menu when they have spawned and then go back into the game, and they will be gone.___________________________________________I hope this review was usefull to you."
76561197998753705,Recommended,251570,32890421,Posted: 27 June,all,Bergbugi DBF™,"I want stickers, also the game is fun with friends"
76561198016434364,Recommended,251570,14334972,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,yo,I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
,Recommended,251570,16491976,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PureSins101,"The feel is great, the mechanics are awesome, and I love the graphics as they are. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good sandbox survival game! :)"
76561198052095557,Recommended,251570,16339452,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Darb,I love this game it keeps getting better with each patch. The graphics are getting there and the gameplay is great. Sometimes you might not think but you get caught off guard by a moaning zombie.
76561198004625244,Recommended,251570,16400606,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lord Kek,"Others have said it and I will say it as well: this game is the best zombie survival, open world crafting game ever made.Before I begin my review, can I just say - THIS GAME IS HARD WHEN YOU FIRST START OUT!When you first start out, you don't know what to craft. You don't know what specific survival actions you need to take to make life easy. So, you just run around like a chicken with its head cut off. And then you complain saying the game is hard. I put in 30 hours before I understood some of the basic survival mechanisms to increase my survival actions per minute.IF YOU'RE FRUSTRATED BECAUSE THE GAME IS TOO HARD, PLAY ON A PVE SERVER WITH LOW DIFFICULTY SUCH AS 3.Do NOT do PVP if you are frustrated about the difficulty of the game. Seriously. You are doing the game developers, the community and yourself a disservice. Stay away from PvP. It's not worth it. Once you've put in 30 hours on a PvE server, start on a PvP server with low zombie difficulty and high loot. This is what I am currently at and I love it.If you don't care about the difficulty and are willing to endure the learning curve against greater odds of difficult PvP, then by all means, knock yourself out.Part of what makes this game great is that its potential is actually getting converted to reality piece by piece with each patch (unlike other games we know of..) Also, the developers are awesome and connected with the player base and are determined to make it the best zombie open world survival game.>Crafting system? Awesome.>Fully destrucible / constructible world? Yep.>Want a scary, atmospheric environment where you could die any second from hunger, thirst or zombies? Yep.>Want to build a mighty underground kingdom that no one knows about? Go right ahead.>Want to build a great castle fortress above ground? You can do that - just be prepared to deal with the attention.>Want to build obstacle courses for zombies? You got it!>Want to play like CS:GO? Go right ahead. You will be known on the server as the local serial killer.>Want to play like a pirate without a permanent base? You can do that. Just write down the coordinates of your buried loot.>Want to play survival with your friends on hellish difficulty? You can do that. You better hope your friends don't tip off the zombies.>Want a server customized to your tastes and preferences? YES. This is actually freaking awesome.>Want to survive in a cold, snowy wasteland? You can.>Want to survive in a scorching hot desert with little water? You can.>Want to survive in a forest with wild boars and elk to kill? You can.>Want to construct base defenses (traps, thick walls, etc..)? You can.>Want to create hidden chambers and passage ways? You can.>Want to get in gun fights with other players? You can.Bottom line is, this game, even in early access, is incredible. Yes, it has some bugs. They're frustrating sometimes, but not game-breaking."
76561198062972085,Recommended,251570,11470988,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Karson Kritz,this game is incredible what are you doing with your life if you arent playing this?
,Recommended,251570,13904069,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,s8. kruz,"I have had this game for a couple of weeks, and have played nothing else since getting it, and am likely to play nothing else for a long time. This is everything I ever wanted in a game, maps that just keep going, fully destructible environment, zombies, and girls with bikinis. The crafting is a million times better than anything in Rust, the atmosphere is amazing. I think the Rust Dev' team should just walk away quietly, and bow politely to the Fun Pimps team.8 members of my team have this game, and we are playing PVE, on a Random Gen' map, and everyone is loving it. Get this game. I will give you one tip for this game. If you find something made of Brass, keep it, even from the very beginning of the game. You will find out why."
,Recommended,251570,12035395,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Requiem,"Im not someone who can write great reviews.Just got one thing to say.I loved to play skyrim to death,  what that has to do with this game?  Nothing, but I just saw my own profile and the games I played.7 days to die just shot up to 2nd place in most spend game time. and I would not be surprised if one day Skyrim will lose its number one position on my list of most played games/spend game time.Now I utterly dislike minecraft, for the reason it just looks to blocky, the way it looks does not say the gameplay of minecraft is bad, cause  a lot of people from age 5 till over age 50 are playing minecraft, for me , I tried minecraft but i just hate the graphics, and yes im a gamer that prefers quality graphics over gameplay.Back to 7 days to die:Now admitting on what i said earlier, graphics over gameplay. 7 days to die might not be looking as stunning as some 1st person games, still its appealing enough.I don't quite understand what exactly grasps me so much in this game, its maybe just does moments where you sitting in the dark, and hear the zombies near you, trying to demolish the building arround you when they sense you.The sound effects in this game are very well done, the sound of a nearby spider zombie just creeps me the heck out.There is a certain magic about this game which enchanted me to play it for nights in a row.Just the mere and vast creativity on what you can build. (conerning that i might start to understand people who play minecraft a little bit better, still nope I cant get past the blocky minecraft graphics, i wont touch it)Now in all honesty, this game is still in alpha and i was not there at its beginning I just start playing about a week orso, but for an alpha this game is worth the monies! and the support.It only gets better in the future.  I hope so.so yeah if you use your pickaxe and spend a few hours to cut away all the concrete support pillars and the building still wont collaps and it just floats there on an invisable barrier, its probably somethign they will fix later :)---------------------------Connectivity / multiplayer---------------------------I dislike PVP,  but i like to play coop.I found that its very hard to see your game listing when you start a public game.but if you are playing this through steam, just start the game, and then let your buddies join your game through VAC ( so they need to click your name in their steam friendlist and say join game).---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well, a lot of talk, and maybe my first adn only longer semi.. review...or just personal feelings about the game.here is the short version of my review:DEV TEAM: TAKE MAH MONEY!!"
,Recommended,251570,8792720,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Benny Lava,"Built a tower base, build an underground storage, ceiling collapsed and part of the tower and killed me. 11/10 would rage again"
,Recommended,251570,12210390,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,mythan,"This game is excellent! I wasn't sure whether I'd enjoy it.. then it turned out to be the game I've played most in my Steam library. I'm excited to see where it's going, especially vehicles and concepts like electricity, turrets for base defense etc. Definitely recommend this game!"
76561197983671280,Recommended,251570,16408154,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,corinthianeyes,Really solid survival game.  Devs are always updating... and soon we get mini-bikes!  Ohhhh I can feel the hours I'm going to use building elaborate tracks already!
76561198177347294,Recommended,251570,14412225,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,mavrick0408,"After putting in better half of 10 hours into this game I will say, it is an all around great game. Everything in this game is either breakable, searchable, or killable (even if the dead is already died). Me and a buddy of mine were walking across a bridge on our way back from scavanging a whole town one day. As we were talking about how excited we were to have gotten all the loot that we found, the bridge started collapsing right out from under us. So much for all that loot. The moral of the story never trust a bridge in the middle of a zambie apocalypse. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,251570,29755950,Posted: 6 February,all,Tekkerz on Toast,"This game is great for casual and hardcore players alike. You can do lots of things like scavenge parts to slowly build your own minibike, mine, kill zombies, explore and build the coolest fort you can imagine. Overall it is a great game and I would recommend to anyone who likes games such as Minecraft and Terraria, as well as games like DayZ."
76561198138205410,Recommended,251570,14291559,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mister-love>,THIS GAME IS THE BEST SURVIVAL GAME OUT THERE MIGHT GET IT !!!! I RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ALL AGE
76561198038900107,Recommended,251570,11904562,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,☣.SPASEKADET.☣,This Could be one of the Best Zombie MMO/Sandbox games of all time and its only in AlphaI can spend Hours playing this
76561198074661645,Recommended,251570,33546817,Posted: 14 July,all,Lordcat Darkstar,"With over 800 hours I would say that I've kicked the tires on this one long enough, and it's long over due for a review. I'm going to keep this short since there are plenty of other reviews out there to look at. Basicly for me this is a fun game that I like to play until it gets too easy to survive, which is usually about a week or so. I enjoy challanging myself to see how long I can go before I die, which usually involves falling on my own pit trap or droping a tree on my head. After that I take a break for a month or so and come back looking for another run. Currently the challange is seeing how long I can go without killing any zeds using any ranged or melee weapons, only traps. Great game, love the updates, love watching youtube videos of madmole aka Joel showing us what updates they are currently working on, and despise the buzzards XD. Very much worth the cost."
76561198018647806,Recommended,251570,26346560,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Fuzzy,Was reluctant to buy this as I thought it would be just another survival game stuck in early accessImmediately played it until 1am without realising
,Recommended,251570,13490638,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RaTTuS,"Drank water , got the ♥♥♥♥♥ , died ."
76561198018484966,Recommended,251570,14048700,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Gazz,"In most survival / building games the building is lackluster.Not so here.There are buildingphysics. (this ain't Minecraft)You actually have to use your brain when putting your Awesome House Of Blocks together!Also there are many block shapes. Wedges, corner wedges, inside corners, plates, poles, pillars...You can build something thatisn'tsquare and design elaborate death traps for zombie hordes.You can play SP and play by whatever rules and at whatever difficulty you want and there aremanyservers, often with mods and custom rule sets, to choose from. Mine is modded quite heavily because the vanilla game is a bit... alpha. But it's getting there."
76561198146538690,Recommended,251570,15786275,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sentinel666,this is the best game i have ever bought
,Recommended,251570,16456485,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Black Puppet,"=HEADS UP=I had a review before this one about the game being good. This stays of course but i had to clarify some points and fix this old messy review that i made before.=INFO ABOUT THE REVIEW=1. This review might be a bit longer.2. This review is about my point of view and opinion. [If you disagree on a certain point or want to correct me: Be reasonable or i will ignore your comment.]=REVIEW=This game is just amazing. Lets start with that and go right to the first point. Most of the Zombiesurvival games promise you so many things. They promise you a great Craftingsystem. They promise you that you can build your own base. They promise you intense gameplay and that you have to stay on your toes all the time.And most of the time we do not get what we pay for. We do not get the great Craftingsystem. We do not get the cool buildings. We dont have to watch out or get killed in one second because the game is so unbalanced that you literally cant stay alive long enough to even get some kind of weapon.This game is different. Before the actual danger begins you have a full day, that you can configure (more of that later) of getting supplies up to build or just barricade you. You might be even able to find something really usefull in a nearby house or little village. And you might even be able to find a higher tier tool. And that is important. With A11 we got a new system for the tools. The longer you play the better you can craft your tools. The better you can craft the better the tools get. More damage to a block or enemy. More durability and such. But you can also find them. That will help you greatly in some cases. If you are at the beginning the pickaxe and the axe in good quality can help you greatly. Without you will have to go on just like normaly and take what the game gives you.But you have to be fast about what you are doing since there are Zombies everywhere and it is slowly turning to nighttime. But what happens when the night hits? Well lets just call it literally Hell. The Zombies begin to run and with that i mean every Zombie. On the hardest settings they are even able to sense you in your base through the walls and begin to break down the blocks you have placed or the blocks that are naturally in place.You have survived your first night? Congratulations. But this isnt over. Because now you have 6 more days. 6 more days to die on the 7nth day. And why? Well you remember that this is a horde survival? Well make sure that you are ready to face the horde. Not to speak of the infamous ""Day 14"" horde. That was a nice time when i suddenly heard... Oh wait i shouldnt tell you more. Heh Heh.But now we should head to the performance of the game. For my personal prefference the performance could be better but it still isnt bad. My PC is decent and so are the parts and i get a good 40 up to 50 fps with higher settings. The newer Unity engine makes the game even more beautiful than it was before. But what about the settings?Well of course you can change everything you would need. There are some things that i would love to have implemented but the game is not finished yet so we will see what comes in the future. But lets go over to the main settings that you have to set up your game.First you have a selection of which world you want to use. You can choose between the handcrafted world they present with the game and a world that is randomly generated. With both worlds you can configure everything else about it though. Like if you want a longer day or night. Or if Zombies should run at all. How hard the game should be for the world and so on and so forth. You can change everything that is important about the gameplay."
76561198066608964,Recommended,251570,14075914,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BECAUSE I'M BATMAN,Got killed due to carrying something that attracted zombies 10/10 would stink again
,Recommended,251570,24429490,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,king charles the first,os good cant with for alaf 15 come out have adout 20 fys you hAve to get that game  i us a lenovo adout 10 yers old
76561198134814191,Recommended,251570,29711408,Posted: 4 February,all,[PROWN²] KillClown777,"I really do love this game and it has been in my wishlist for a while and a good friend told me that I need to buy it so I did. Its a really nice break from Payday 2. I can't wait and really looking forward to seeing where this game goes in the future. Plus I will be buying any DLC that comes out for this game as well and one day would love to see it get to that point. And much love to all the people the helped this game get to the point at where it is now. I will be telling my Payday 2 crew about this game as well and there are a good lot of us, lol. Go ~PROWN~"
76561198022534548,Recommended,251570,25430686,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bimbulle,Best Crafting game out there. The zombies are a challenge and the community is the best. Not often you find a game you can sink 3 thousand hours into and still want to play more.!
,Recommended,251570,33180975,Posted: 3 July,all,MisterNo,"Need more updates! After few days, game start to be too easy..."
76561198029027640,Recommended,251570,33163911,Posted: 2 July,all,Akelaus,"Grate game, grate fun, a mix of minecraft and dayz"
76561198135876984,Recommended,251570,33466755,Posted: 11 July,all,Fearlin,"Good solid game, well worth the money I spent."
76561198012390193,Recommended,251570,33125250,Posted: 2 July,all,batzi,"best zombie survival out there... lots too built lots to do, lots lots lots !"
76561198174936598,Recommended,251570,33148916,Posted: 2 July,all,Incubus,"amazing game, if you're looking for a crafting game with survival elements - try this!"
,Recommended,251570,33163524,Posted: 2 July,all,Master Splinter,its aight
,Recommended,251570,30177024,Posted: 25 February,all,RedPowder,"The game is perfect if you're wanting to pass time, LOTS OF TIME.  I have over 163hr's and still haven't figured everything out there is always somthing new to learn about or the best way to do somthing. You have a unlimited amount of ways to collect the resources that are needed you just have to think logical and think about where you would get the matrial from.The zombies are pretty well made and they always feel like they get smarter, they will find new ways in to your base or find the weak spot in your wall.8/10 game just because it needs to come out of alpha already."
,Recommended,251570,30311258,Posted: 4 March,all,HammerofHeaven,"I have enjoyed this game for a long time. I really enjoy the devs and how they develope the game as well. One of the main Devs, Madmole, puts out videos most weeks about what they have been working on. It is actually  a lot of fun for me just to get insight into the game development process.As for content, the game does great for early and mid game, however it does have some fall off late game. I tend to play this game in cycles after patches. So, for me, each patch is about 30-100 hours of game play.The UI/UX of the game works well. They keep it simple and have a lot of ques for what is going on around you (aggro, no minimap, etc...).The graphics and nice, but not great, and for the performance it is not great. However, this is the case of most voxle games. However, it looks awesome when stacked up against other voxle games.Overall I think this is a great game with great devs, and it will only be getting better."
76561198131603790,Recommended,251570,33213212,Posted: 3 July,all,Enigmatic,"This is a MUST PLAY!This game is the beautiful love child of Mincraft and Left 4 Dead. Harvesting, crafting, building, fighting, character development (yes there is a talent system). This game encorporates the best elements of so many genres.I cannot overstate how impressive this game is. The only thing I could want from it is more of everything because everthing is amazing.For those who play, don't be thrown off if you are lost the first few times you start out, the new world is a scary and harsh place. And if you have friends who can brave it with you, the experience gets exponentially better."
76561198122726799,Recommended,251570,16385809,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Buffalo soldier,good
,Recommended,251570,11492090,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Wrecking Potato,"This is an amazing game. The gameplay is awesome, the world looks amazing, multiplayer works very well and there are almost no bugs. This game is a lot of fun to play with friends or other people online, as well as playing single player. Yet there still are a lot of things to be done, but it will be done and the game is continuously updated. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,251570,11683011,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,MattSoFresh,Don't like the fact that you have to restart the map after an update. :(
76561198103104601,Recommended,251570,11868973,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Shapla Mendii,"I'v played this game for a while now. There are soooooooooooo many hackers in this game its not funny. spend over 2 hours building a home, for someone to float past in the sky and drop pipe bombs onto your building. fuuuunnn"
76561198021517692,Recommended,251570,11922497,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,kennethhunter,A very nice a well thought out game.  You can do whatever you feel like doing.  Graphics are good and get better with each patch.  Anyone who wants to see how they would fair in a zombie apocolypse should get this game.
76561198065849672,Recommended,251570,12037159,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Anttos,"Love this game so far, a great mix between minecraft and the zombie survival genre."
76561198006148422,Recommended,251570,11811849,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,JonnyD73,"(See below for Update to review)Ok, I bought this game a while back and have been playing it off and on, almost with each update.  I have to say, that I am very happy with the latest update which provides random world gen instead of the default map. I have about 4 friends that make this game very fun to play since we can work and explore together. I think this game is worth every penny. I consider it like this. Look how much it costs to go to a movie..... Or even buy a good blu-ray.  Now consider how many hours that keeps you entertained.  Then consider that this game can keep you happy for even just a 25 hours (I believe it will be almost 200.) You can see that it is quite a bargain. Then on top of it, you can restart it with another random generation map and play again. How can you beat that?UpdateSo, now that I have almost 400 hours, I feel I need to update this review.I now believe that this is one of my favorite games of all times and I will list the reasons why.Positive reasons.1. This game provides a well balanced survival experience.  Food and water, shelter and defense.2. The graphics while not spectacular, are on par for a game of this much content in my opinion.3. This game does not force you to join a server with other players.4. This game can provide a single player, local LAN or even public server experience.5. The game has a wide variety of difficulty.  From almost too easy, to insanely impossible.6. Regular updates and news from the developers, as well as screen shots of upcoming content.7. Structural physics, no floating blocks or seemingly impossible constructions.8. New atmospheric conditions and weather system. I love it, adds a whole new level of ""creepy"" to the game.Wants.1. More animals - Deer, rabbit, pig, and bears.  I hope they put more into the game.2. More diversity in weapons - The guns are plenty diverse, but maybe a few more melee weapons.3. Travel options - Motorized bike coming soon, but maybe a car or truck too.4. More trap options, or possibly mechanized or spring loaded traps.5. Power - Electricity for lights, cooking, maybe an electrified fence.6. Objective oriented goals - Not necessarily quests, but some sort of goals other than survival would be nice.7. Leveling perks and possibly attribute points that affect combat, crafting, survival traits.Other thoughts.This game is well worth the price asked by the devs.  I believe that I have never had as much fun in any triple A titles.  I was lucky and got the game during a sale and to be honest, the sale discount they give is substantial unlike some other big name titles that only offer a 5 to 10 % discount and only that because it's been out for 2 years.Hope this helps make the decision for you.(Update November 2016)So, I have been playing this game so long now it should be obvious by now that I find the game worth it just by the amount of hours I have put into it. If that doesn't convince you, the just read my review above. I am a little disappointed that the Devs seem to be slowing down on developement here but I understand that it's not always easy to put in all the things you want to put in. It's still worth it's price in my view."
,Recommended,251570,11857131,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,The Big Burrito,Great game.Great devs so far.
76561198094345171,Recommended,251570,11666593,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Dog meme,i lik tis gam ;Dgramer achievd
,Not Recommended,251570,11138262,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Vash(88),"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWEarly access reviews need their own system. Atm I recommend the game with a thumbs up, it is a lot of fun; however, I give two big thumbs down to the devs.This game makes me want to cry. Not because it has an emotionally driven story that tugs at the heart strings, but because the concept of this game is pure gold while the devs in control of it are pure horse sh!t.-9 monthsbetween updates (this is not a joke)- Never give release dates - must be nice to not have to meet any deadlines ever- Game changing bugs that have been around for years- ZERO interest in what the community has to say- ZERO communication through steam- Directly insults the customer base for questioning the quality of the game- Started console development before the game was finish (further slowing down the process)Just listening to the dev blogs kills my brain cells. The lead dev is borderline brain-dead. It is truly painful to hear him speak some times. And stay far away from the forums. The number of paTROLLing fanboys gives dayz a run for its moneyI have 1,000 + hours in this game, so I get it: ""you can't rate this game down!"" and you might think so, but like I said, the concept is beautiful, but I am scared for this game's future given that its fate rests within the hands of The Fun Pimps. Though I will be one of the first to log in when the next update hits, the devs are showing everyone exactly how early access should not be handled.lol got banned from the forums for pointing out how slow these devs are to other ea  devs.  So sadThe scary part is how blindly people support the poor business practices that the pimps continue to dish out. No release dates. Eights months of waiting for broken content. No respect for the community or communication via steam. Banning anyone on the forums who point this out... the list goes on. The Pimps give the gaming community a bad name.http://imgur.com/a/IrhTeAnd the patrolling fanboyz for this game feel like they are almost on the payroll. Take note of the correlation between the reviews being negative, and it getting rated down and bashed for speaking badly of the pimps. This game is almost as big of a let down as the lack of hl3https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWEXHxC4VVYskip to 15:45  Warning: EXPLICIT language usedI had no idea this is who I was supporting"
,Recommended,251570,16282650,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[RCON] Rusty Staples,"Fun game. Very unforgiving at times but still a blast to play with friends. Can get a bit repetitive but its a survival/building game, it is what you make it. Devs put out consistent updates too which is always nice to see.8/10"
,Recommended,251570,16262321,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,soulguard,"I love this game.I play this game a lot more than I should.I build things that make no sense, and then shoot zombies in the face when I realize that my building makes no sense.This is one of those rare jewels that pops up and everyone labels it as just another zombie game, but this is a zombie game that tests you in the Zombie Apocalypse. Build shelter... and log spikes... or die.*breaks leg*... there's also that.*hobbles back to base*Worth the price."
,Recommended,251570,15974544,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ASiLAYDABBING,"7 days to die is  one of the most satisfying early access games i have tried, I enjoyed this title a lot more than Day z sure the graphics aren't as impressive but the game play makes up for it. Mine craft style physics and building and Day z style survival there's even a creative mode just like mine craft where you can build your base and prepare for survival mode ,night time adds an interesting twist as all enemies can now run after you and forces you to bunker down and fend off waves of enemies as they try to claw there way into your base pick this up with a couple friends and see how long you can survive  i'm sure you wont regret it, I cannot wait to see how this game will be once its finally finished."
,Recommended,251570,16144911,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,227,I really enjoy this game.  it's been very enjoyable to play and I look forward to seeing the game continue to evolve.
76561198091740217,Recommended,251570,15977075,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,LarsenOfSkyrim,great game
76561198163539274,Recommended,251570,16329848,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,INTRUSIVE,For anyone worried about specs needed to run the game here are my laptop specs:i7451oU   2 ghz processor8gm RAM840m Nvidia processor- all are above requirements except the processor speed- but if you go on advanced power settings you can boost the 2 Ghz of Ram to an average of 2.9 GHz and a turbo of 3.4ish Ghz- which meets game requirments- just remember to turn fan mode from passive to active- anyway on the low settings i run at 60fps consistently- i can raise setting a bit higher in resolution and texture and still maintain high 40-50fpshope that helps anyone unsure if they can run itamazing game! so addictive too :)
76561197976066884,Recommended,251570,13519332,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Orl0k,"Dug a hole to escape zombies, got stuck in hole and starved to death..would dig same hole again ...10/10"
,Recommended,251570,11186345,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TheChaosmachine,"Since the beginning of time, I have been a zombie fan. I have all the movies and try to play all the games. However, I have always been wanting a game where it was me and some friends surviving against hordes of the living dead. I have played many games with zombies, and have lots many, but this game is the closest I have ever been to the perfect zombie game.I have played several zombie games, across many platforms, and I have spent 10x more in this game than any other. I love the combination of the survival aspect and the buidling aspect. I love that the zombies actually pose a threat and you can't just hide in your home. With the combo of the Zombies and the physics based gameplay, you must be innovative in your attempts at survival. You cant' just pillar up and wait out the night. You can't just dig a hole and everything will be alright. The zombies will come for you.I also love the fact that the devs have allowed options inside the game. For example, my current server I play on is walking dead style. Walkers Only, No specials. You can set length of days, if the zombies run or not (when they run too), loot probability, and so much more. No matter your style, you can tweak the game to your satisfaction.However, I do want to emphasize that this game is Alpha. You will find bugs. You will have to start over several times. Things will go wrong and you will get frustrated. Very frustrated. You will probably rage quit a few times. I have. However, each time I do, I soon come back for more. In fact, on my server, I am known to be the one who finds bugs and to get stuck in them.As the game stands now, it's a 7 out of 10 for me. Which, honestly for me, that's a very good score. Very few games score any higher."
,Recommended,251570,18670206,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Abrondino,"Love this game. In fact, I loved it so much that I put up my own server.  98.220.104.92 Port26900"
76561198080609184,Recommended,251570,13034304,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,That1Guy,Killed a zombie dog that was holding a pistol
76561198106845860,Recommended,251570,13830490,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,figaro198,This game is the best survival and crafting game İ have ever played. good graphics good audio and super gameplay
,Recommended,251570,17055738,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lart,"This game is so much fun, but they need to do something about the minibikes :p"
76561197974771081,Recommended,251570,16631785,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,J$,In Alpha and it's already better than many of the finished games I've played.  Take the building of Minecraft and give it a purpose and a face lift.   I have been searching for this exact game for a long time.
,Recommended,251570,16588025,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CDClone,"as far as zombie apocalypse games go, this is by far the best one out there, i have 250+ hours of gameplay in it, been following this game for years and it is awesome, i prefer playing with friends on a server, but even in solo play its a great game, might need a bit of wiki to figure everything out at first but if you played minecraft the building part is easyone of the later updates added(one of many things this is) a bow to replace the crossbow as your first weapon, i love the fact that the projectile aint flying straight forever, in logic and reality there is something called gravity, even thou it took me ages to learn to hit with this i love how they keep it realistic, the crossbow got more expensive to make, and in all fairness it should be since it is truly a great weapon, i go for it really early and i keep it to the end-game :D silent and deadly it is a must have for any scavenger of towns.Allso the new quality system works great, it gives a hole new challenge in finding proper equiptment and makes it so much more important to not go out and die with your gear on, unless ofc your server lets you keep everything when you die :D :D :D depends a lot on server sittings^^Speaking of server sittings, while i prefer to keep it simple when it comes to these things becouse people allways ask ""what sittings are you playing at"" and no im not gonna list it, couse the settings list here is really big, there is options for everything and more, so every player can have a challenge without hitting a brick wall^^Speaking of Challenges, i have tryed a sh*tload of zombie apocalypse survival games, and 9/10 ends out being about pvp becouse the zombies are to easy and boring, well if you feel the zombies are to easy, just raise the setting to make them harder, i garantie you can get a challenge, and i garantie if your settings it made to give a challenge, you will hide or die when the night comes^^Cons/Downsides?well... theres a lot of running... but next patch should take care of that... bikes or whatever they come up with :)while there are a lot of different human zombies, and dogs, and some sort of giant bee freakish things, i do sort of miss a bit more, but then again... next major patch should bring bear and other creatures in zombie editions.... im gonna stay out of the forest from now on haha...graphics... yes they could use a loving hand, but hey, minecraft does fine and 7D2D looks a lot better than minecraft :D :D :D however its all about gameplay, not about graphics ;)my conclusion is that the only true downside is that its a Early Acces, i prefer games that are finished, if you play a while, and then cross a patch, your savegame might be broken... but its a rarely happening thing, so not that big of a problem if you truly like the game^^ the upside is that new things keep coming, so when you grow tired of the game, you can put it away for 3 month, and then bring it back for another round with lots of new stuff^^I recommend this game for anyone who likes to kill zombies, build shelters, search for treasure and so on and so on.... auctually just buy it allready... get 2 while your at it :D :D :D"
76561198045843024,Recommended,251570,16447931,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Squid_diagram.jpg,The best zombie survival game I've played
,Recommended,251570,11018307,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BredCoke,"I should start by mentioning that this is extreme early access and is buggy as hell. So if you're not cool with that, better bugger off.If you wanted a game set in ""The Walking Dead"" universe, minus the people. This is it.You clear out a house, it's perfect. There's a gunsafe, beds, food, a fridge, multiple exits, the works. Then it gets over run and you're back on the road.Find another house, clear it out. Same deal, suits your needs. You see a far off explosion. ""Oh boy"" you say as you go to investigate, could be anything really. Then you see it, a huge camp surrounded by Barbed wire and Landmines.Loot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the joint, set up the defences around your own house, live out your 7 days sitting on the balcony watching zombies get blown to♥♥♥♥♥♥Day 1I've set up camp in a large 2 story house. It's fantastic. I have 5 guns :DDay 2House got overrun, 1 of my guns is broken and i'm out of ammo for the rest.I've found another building, it looks like an old garage (Y'know, like a repair shop)It's quiet in here but it's filthy and dark.Day 3I don't know how to craft a damn thing, i've sacrificed 2 of my remaining guns for scrap iron so i can make myself a pickaxe.I went scavenging today, raided 3 houses and a campsite. Nothing much was found, mostly food.I have too much food.Day 4God damnit. Today sucked, i'll start with the morning.Mined for a bit, killed some zombies, survived a horde, started farming blueberries, normal stuff this morning. Then I found a gas pump out the back, because I'm a god damned fool, I shot it.It exploded, blew up half the building and destroyed my gunsafe which had everything in it :/All I have is 1 hunting rifle, my pickaxe, some boiled rabbit and a torch.I'm moving.Day 5I've been searching for a house all day. All I can find are tents. Tents suck. I finally settled on a little tent next to a huge building. I wanted the building but jesus christ the place is crawling with zombies.It's a decent tent, i made a door and blocked up the windows, it will have to do until i find a real place.The last 2 days were awful, man :(Day 6GOD DAMNIT. It's the middle of the night. I just wrote the diary for day 5 and went back to playing.Y'know how I mentioned that I was a damned fool? I PUNCHED THE WINDOW IN MY TENT (Yes it had glass pane windows)This may not seem bad to you but the game has gravity. The entire roof fell down.I've had this tent for 5 minutes.Went hunting, killed a few rabbits and a pig.Cut down some trees, started melting down some iron to make a gun safe. I want one because I need storage and gun safes are the biggest kind.I started building a little shelter across the road  from my campsite. I hope I can build a huge base eventually. I'll start a fence tomorrow/So it's about to tick over to Day 7 and a giant bee thing flew up to me. It was obviously an enemy because it was marked on the map. I shot it down with my hunting rifle. It didn't drop anything or even leave a body. I'll look it up on the wiki because I've never seen one before and i'm tripping out right now.Edit: Hornets. It doesn't say anything about them being rare so I don't know why I only saw my first one on Day 6Day 7I hope this game isn't literal and I actually suvive today.So I went for a walk, found some guns in a building down the road. Nothing much else.Today was very uneventful until I got attacked by a zombie and got infected. Of course, I didn't know I was infected until I did some research.Thankfully you can craft antibiotics and fix it.Unfortunately that's not easy.I needed to scavenge some moldy bread, some potassium nitrate powder and a beaker then cook it on a camp fire.I had no beaker or bread. Crap. I've got the camp fire and the potassium nitrate from cracking open some rocks though.So I bolted to the nearest building I hadn't touched and bang! 2 beakers and 3 guns. Nice!On the way out the door I accidently pressed 'E' to search some garbage and you'll never guess what's in the garbage. Mouldy bread.I couldn't beleive my luck. I cooked it up right then and there, took my meds and went on my way with some left over. Today was a good day.I logged off before the sun went down so I'll edit later.Edit: Nothing major, cooked a bunch of meat and some more antibiotics, which was lucky because I got infected again :/Day 8This morning was boring as hell, I just cooked and stuff. Still haven't built a new place for myself. Tent's just fine. In the middle of the day a huge♥♥♥♥♥horde moved through my camp. Like 40 zombies man. I have screenshots to show for it. I killed them all and was looking for anything useful on their bodies when I heard a plane fly over. I looked around and saw it drop 2 crates! I bolted to the first one, nothing major, bandages, food, 2 antibiotics. Then I went over to the second crate. Medical supplies for days: 50 antibiotic pills and 20 bandages. I'm in heaven.Night's coming as I write this. I'll keep you posted.So another horde attacked. On the same day. It as even bigger this time, I think. I took another screenshot but I had killed most of them beforehand.Day 9Another horde attack in the morning, nothing major today. Made some leather clothing, collected heaps of water because I didn't have any. Planning on starting a farm.The tent is pretty much wrecked."
,Recommended,251570,8265018,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,JSU,"Minus a few game bugs here and there, this is a great game of a combination of minecraft and dayz. recommended you know how to build up defenses unless you loved being mauled to death. :)"
76561198167725223,Recommended,251570,16570519,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,jeffy,"this game is a revoloution forzombie games. Although the PVP needs some work, the game overall is fairly bug free. Something you should know is that the game is kind of a hard game to run on high graphics so expect to turn them down a little this game is great. Billy Mays approved!!!"
76561197972778786,Recommended,251570,14052899,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Maniac Trundle,"Gosh what a fun game. Highly reccomended, very addictive though and eats up time like a supermassive blackhole."
,Recommended,251570,23781088,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MeiMeiOw,Very worth buying the discount!This is better than any other zombie survival games.
76561198076275907,Recommended,251570,15719602,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,No,Its a fun but stressful survival game. Just when you think its safe zombies break through the walls and kill you.
,Recommended,251570,16371800,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,M3tus,"Love this game...in spite of all the things that are easy to identify as issues, the dev team is making leaps and bounds on adding and improving.  A real text book example of what 'Early Access' was supposed to entail.Buy this game, follow the dev blogs and enjoys the constantly evolving world of 7 Days to Die."
76561198035564463,Recommended,251570,16393639,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[H2O]Kalphite,"This is an awesome game. I would definitely recommend it!The zombies are chill during day time, but during night you'll most likely sit in a corner and cry to higher powers, begging not to let those zombies get a sense of you, or they'll be on their way... Walls won't stop them, be prepared...The zombies here are actaully something you fear, unlike other zombie games.Death actually matters! If you die, your wellness level will drop, giving you a lower maximum HP and stamina (these can obviously be earned back by doing certain tasks, eating some food etc).Don't even think about it. Buy it."
76561197974211361,Recommended,251570,15792624,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,mario33v,The best game I have played by far using steam. No other survival/zombie/crafting game even comes close.
76561198027244884,Recommended,251570,14275746,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chico,"So I have over 1,000 hours in this game. And while I have to point out that this game is still in alpha. I would definatlye recomend it for almost anyone who likes games. What I mean is there is something in this game for almost anyone. FPS, PVP, PVE, survival, Horror. one of the most complete building games out there second only to minecraft. But if that is not your thing you can just go around killing zeds all day. Or build an awsome base.  This game is going to be awsome when it is completed. Here is the Dev diary so you can follow all the progress the pimps are making. See ya in the wastland! Felow Survivors.http://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/"
,Recommended,251570,14336353,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MadMooncrow,"7 Days to Die is a very good sandbox/zombie game especially when played with friends. I play this most days with my partner (she loves the game and plays very little else). The feel of the game is very good and the night times can be truly intense if you caught out in the open, and even in your base when a full horde comes it can get very intense.Things I like:- Building is pretty solid at the moment, especially if you install one of the modded recipe packs- Defence is a lot of fun and you can be very inventive- Cities are great fun to raid provided you don’t go in guns blazing- Graphics are not bad for an indie though with alpha 11 it looks like they will get a major update- Combat is straight forward and feels about right in my own eyes.- Crafting system is good again is event better with the modded recipe packs I Have not played on public server's so can’t give a review of them as we play on our own private serverThings that could do with a bit of an update:- Building variety/biomes feel a little repetitive in random generated maps, a modded prefab pack improves the buildings but the zones still feel a bit cut and paste at times. Alpha 11 will be changing the random gen so this may well change very soon.- Need to add some prolonged goals other than getting the Sniper Rifle/Magnum, yes this is a sand box but still needs some long term things to work for - skill system may fix this to some extent but they need to add some areas that are a lot harder to loot/get in to until your better skilled/equipped or something.- Mining/chopping feels a bit slow but this is probably to stop people destroying your base to fast on PvP servers.Overall for an alpha this is a very good game that I would recommend to people as a must buy, I know there are probably better looking games but the feel of this game just sits well with me. It is so much better with friends than solo this I cannot stress enough."
,Recommended,251570,14350629,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spacemonkey_901,"I have spent many hours playing this game, each release brings improvements in gameplay and features.. would recommend this game to any budding survivalists"
,Recommended,251570,16920265,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Snoopa,"This is my favorite game in my library.  Hours upon hours exploration. Tons of things you can craft. Zombies can either be a challenge or non threatening, depending on how many you encounter. If you take on a horde, make sure you are geared and full of ammo. Even if you are geared to the top, a zombie horde could still tear you apart.Apart from the occasional hackers, admins of the servers usually take care of the problem pretty well.This game is a must own. If you like survival, crafting, zombies, horror, friends, sunlight, guns, crossbows, dogs you don't want to pet, exploration, sand, snow, trees, water, caves, rabbits, the sky, grass, a stick, etc. You'll find it in this game."
76561198119616298,Recommended,251570,16028665,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,bladesman001,This game is really fun with friends and really scary by yourself. good game just needs a bit more optimization
76561197988208715,Recommended,251570,17082141,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,XNJLOZ,"Really fun game and I love the fact that everything is destructible, but I hate the fact that after every major upgrade (usually 2-3 months apart) every server has to be wiped clean so you'll be able to use latest upgrades. For those who don't know what wiping server clean means - it means that anything you have in server guns, items, food, supplies, your entire base is gone with every upgrade.Also it has a major hacker problem (mainly russian or chinese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) Someone told me that the game is very cheap in their country so thay can buy multiple copies and accounts to have fun with you and your base.I like the game itself, but I'm not sure if I wanna play it at this stage of development..."
,Recommended,251570,33271148,Posted: 5 July,all,DeadTomLives,"My steam does not accurately reflect the number of hours I have spent in this game (or many of my other games) for reasons surpassing understanding. I would wager I have something like 700-1000 hours in 7 Days to Die from playing, modding, hosting, testing, leaving it on etc.PROS:Zombies everywhere, if you like that sort of thing.Crafting and upgrading system is pretty good.Skill system is pretty cool, or at least I like it a lot.Voxel terrain that isn't blocky but still made up of cubes/diamonds technically.Combat is simple, no melee combos, no bullet drop etc(PVE pro, imo)Graphics are pretty good for a voxel game that allows you to customize your appearance, imo.Landscapes are gorgeous, at times to the point of distraction. When they switched to Unity 5 I spent about an hour just running around looking at the new tree designs.Farming, hunting, cooking etc.Fallout 4 style power system (wire dragging etc)Fully crafted default game map.Random generation for unique maps.CONS:Zombies everywhere, if you don't like that sort of thing.Skill system is updated a lot and they do not support reverse compatibility with updates so you might lose progress any time the game updates and it updates a large update every 3-6 months with smaller updates inbetween.UI is a little clunky and esoteric at first.Caves underneath buildings can cause instability in a non-consistent manner, be careful where you dig and where you build.Occasionally the random generation will bug out in one way or another, they work on this constantly.Graphics are not so great other than 'for a voxel game'.Combat is simple, no melee combos, no bullet drop etc (PVP con, imo)Some people continue to have performance issues, it's run like butter on my machine whether I was hosting a dedicated server on the same machine I was playing on or not since about alpha 10 or 11. Your mileage may vary.THAT SAID:I love this game, I avidly support its development, it's one of the best early access titles I've ever played and I don't say that comparing it to things like DF-9 and other abandonware. My friends and I play it regularly (since about A14 or so) and everyone finds something different to enjoy., especially now that the skill system incentivizes specialization. I make the weapons and the tools and do the bulk of the solo exploration, one friend makes armor and science stuff, another does the bulk of our mining, our wives/girlfriends do all sorts of building and goofy random stuff because they haven't been playing very long or are afraid of the zombies. It's a hoot.If you like survival games, voxel games and zombie flavoring on top of those things, you'll love 7 days."
,Recommended,251570,11906741,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Quas the Avali,7 Days to die is a zombie horror survival sandbox roleplaying game that has a amazing gameplay for your common zombie player. Personally i think 7 Days to Die has a perfect landscape and format and considering in minecraft like survival tactics it can be a real good time. The match of zombies and sandbox make a good mix in this sort and this looks like the NEW Dayz towards me or at least an inhanced Unturned. I would give 7 Days to Die around 8\10 Good Job
,Recommended,251570,33346840,Posted: 7 July,all,NvxHarpy,When I first got this game my computer was not the best. And in order to run the game I had to play on the lowest graphics but even then this game was truly amazing to play. For a while I was the only one in my friend group that had the game. But after recommending the game to them they fell in love with it too. My friends and I seem to play the game almost every day. I highly recommend this game to anyone that has ever played any survival sandbox game and don't worry about not enough content because the fun pimps are adding new content every couple of months.
,Recommended,251570,11959961,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Zermbie Dergon,"This game is the game I have been asking for since I first started playing zombie games, back when Left 4 Dead 2 was still new.At first I was skeptical, thinking it looked like just another Minecraft-like clone. However, after watching Markiplier and LordMinion777 play it, I decided to give it a shot.Within minutes of playing, I already became addicted and wanted to play more.My two best friends also recently bought the game and we decided to try it out together. At first it was a little rough, all of us were spawned so far from one another and it took us a while to meet up. We did have to start over a few times until we got a hang of the game. But once we were able to group up and figure out a plan, we were able to get a grip on the basics farily quickly.This game is alot of fun and well put together. The zombies are actually scary (esapecially at night), the different biomes are amazing and well put together and the survival is a bit of a challenge but fun.One of my favorite things is the consequences for your actions. Most zombie games you just charge it, weapon firing and if a zombie got too close you would just lose a bit of health that could be replenished with a health kit then you carry on. But in 7 Days, zombies are more of a threat for you not only lose health but can get infected, bleed or even break bones, each of which require something different to heal you. I also like that you to be weary of what you are carrying and what you are doing as some smells and noises will attract more zombies.Overall, this is a great game so far and I can't wait to see what the next update will bring.A few things we are looking forward to:1. Possibilty of cars- cars would be helpful for scavenging far from camp or if one person has a broken leg and can't run.2. Weather effects- this could make the game more of a challenge3. Zombie bears- I'm not looking forward to this one but my friends are...A few suggestions we have:1. Add more wildlife that may be huntable, such as birds, fish, etc.2. Clans, groups or tribes that you can create and join3. Silencers for weapons4. Tripwires, trapdoors, etc for setting traps"
,Recommended,251570,14400135,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ryan,"Let me tell you this.This game in the past was like so special like Meg from family guy.But when finnaly Update 10 and 11 came!It brought light and justice! well except justice..The game is more stable then even for now, and the multiplayer runs smooth as f*ck!Now people should buy this game and not like in the past.Now i find it playeble and even call it ''Fun''Short story multiplayer: Me and a friend run around aimlessly getting♥♥♥♥♥f*cked by undead dogs.10/10 would not try to die again to dogs.."
76561197960446481,Recommended,251570,33727483,Posted: 22 July,all,BygoneSanity,"One of the best creative survival sandbox type games out there at the moment. The developers are constantly working on it, and the updates are consistent and usually include quite a bit of new content and bug fixes. I give a lot of credit to the developers for really keeping in touch with the community to improve the future of the game.From these reviews I notice that the few negative reviews out there mostly seem to be about weapon damage and realism. I think some of these players are looking at the game in the wrong light. Besides being in Early Access, 7 Days to Die does have a skill system and weapon tiers. You will increase your skills from building and fighting, which will allow you to do more damage. As your skills go up, your character will level up and you will gain points to unlock more perks which include extra damage, increased stamina and regeneration, new recipes and tons of other perks.TL;DR: Great game. Awesome to play with friends. Geared more towards long term survival where you need to tier up your gear and skills, be a bit creative, explore, scavenge. If you want to just smash zombies in 1 hit right off the bat, then you might want to look at something else."
,Recommended,251570,31457348,Posted: 30 April,all,redtacular,"Overall(tl;dr)It's a bit rough around the edges still. They're improving it albeit at a slow pace. I would definitly recommend this game to other people despite the unfinished state.GameplayThe game itself is very unforgiving at the early stages unless you are aware of what you're doing. There are tons of crafting recipes and a lot of oppertunities to unleash your inner creativity with base building. The combat is solid, and manageable even at higher difficulties. The end game is not really polished and once you get far enough in you will become more or less unkillable.GraphicsThe graphics are not the most crisp out there, nor are they the most up to date. However in my opinion it's at the point where it's not bad, and it's not great, somewhere in between. The gameplay more than makes up for it.I would recommend this game, and give it a solid 8/10"
76561198037642186,Recommended,251570,11775161,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jessica Rushie,"I only had this game for 2 days and i have played it 15 hours already.The ammount of detail for a Alpha is really great, ther is alot to do in the world as it is. (Alpha 9)In the video it looks cheesy like some old game from 2k, but its not, it is really smoth and the melee and gun physics are pretty good.The crafting system is really great, it needs some tweeking but even as it is its very useable and easy to understand.Only thing i dont like about it is that the zomies can break into your home even if you line it with coblestone. and thats just stupid, they would be punching with there wrist bones untill they break or they bleed out and die if it weas real.Oh and also the Zombie dogs should attack everything including zombies not just the player, they would be feral afterall.This is one of the VERY FEW games i have paied full price and not regreted. and i own more then 500 games on staem so thats saying something.Oh also it is Very stable. i have had NO crashes or even glitches execpt for things that would happen in a alpha, like clipping through the odd wall. and i run Windows 8.1 x64 and my wife runs Vista x64 and it works on both great. 100FPS+ (25FPS if alot is going on)Also CO-OP works... So many other games even after there launch dont work like dead island, but this game works in Alpha, to me that says these developers are better them alot of AAA companies.PS whoever dont like this review is just a negative nancy."
76561198083504507,Recommended,251570,23839130,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bio,"Hundreds and hundreds of hours logged in this game and it continues to get even better and better! This game really captures the zombie apocalypse feeling. Eerie, scarey, fun, gory, rewarding...EDIT:I've been playing this game for 2+ years now, it has come SO FAR! I've since nominated it for the ""Test of Time"" award, it definitely deserves it! With over 1800 hours logged, I've played other games since this, but I ALWAYS come back. The Fun Pimps have a real gem on their hands!"
,Recommended,251570,10641530,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bobrossx,"This is the game all of us zombie fans have been waiting for.  Even now, as the game is still in its alpha stages, it feels a lot like a completed project.  It picked up where Minecraft left off and focuses on what's important for the pure zombie enthusiast:  survival in an open post-apocalyptic world... plus the ability to create and craft your own defensive structures and weapons.  Clearly more advanced than Minecraft, it incorporates construction physics and a next-generation voxel-based system which is a joy to play with.And of course it is multiplayer! One thing my friends and I enjoy doing is taking a few days to build up our fort.  Then, when we feel satisfied with our defenses, we'll turn the zombies on full throttle to test our barricaded abodes against the raging hordes.The amount of customization of settings in this game is quite phenomenal and it shows the development team is passionate about creating an experience which everyone can enjoy.  This also extends the replayability of this game into the hundreds or thousands of hours.  And with mod support coming down the pipe apparently, I can only imagine how this game might be transformed into the future.  Thank you Fun Pimps for a glorious game that will leave a long-lasting impression on the zombie survival genre for years to come.  This is a must buy for every hardcore zombie fan."
,Recommended,251570,15990217,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Archwillow,"Brilliant game, hours of fun. Is very difficult which can sometimes be hard to find in a game these days.100% would recommend."
76561198040340563,Recommended,251570,16021588,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,rustbucket80,"I am reviewing this game based on the Early Access version as of 5/27/14 -My playtime on this account is not representative of my actual time with this game -I like 7 Days to Die. The game works as advertised and has a great track record of consistent and substantial updates. Personally, I find the zombies to be a little tough to kill and the zombie dogs to be a bit overkill but if you like your survival zombie games more on the challenging side then this should appeal to you. Lots of things to craft, building a fort and surrounding it with defenses is a good time. You can even mine for ore like that one game (you know which one). Playing with friends is fun as well and I have not had any large issues with lag or network connectivity.The only negative thing I can say about this game, which isn't so much the game itself but the Early Access aspect of many games, is that you will play it and get tired of it long before the game is completed. Again, this is my opinion. This is a solid game as is right now and it is good. But that just makes me want to wait to play it until I can get the full experience.  So while I have spent a significant time with the game and it's systems, I have not tried to dig deep into the games meaty bits.Overall, I would strongly recommend a purchase; especially if you have a buddy or two to survive with."
76561198018401074,Recommended,251570,16150313,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Slowpoke Rodriguez,Excited to see where this game is headed.
76561198121340554,Recommended,251570,15911032,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Bill Canuck,it was hard to stop playing and write a review .. its hard for me to find new games that i like and i love this one . this game is only gonna get better . it is the best zombie /survival game I've played .
,Recommended,251570,16240557,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SuicideBars,"A really well-constructive zombie game, giving you the option of playing solo or going to PVE/PVP. This game goes from crafting out of any way possible to get the item you desire; while still trying to maintain hidden from the zombies lurking around (which have special abilities as night emerges). I really enjoyed exploring the map even though i died almost 11 times to finally understand how almost everything works. The crafting is great, the experience is great, but just like every other game, there are some flaws. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:- The lot of changing settings is enormous, you can literally change things on how you want it as far as how gruesome the zombies are and etc.- Endless possibilities of random maps.- Great crafting and building system (able to construct and reconstruct anything)- Loot respawn ( Searching around for items can sometimes give you pieces for a nice weapon such as a shotgun)- Hunt/Plant ( Animals sometimes lurk around which you can kill for food or crafting materials, also plantation is available)- Unique zombie experience ( Zombies are able to sense; either from you making noise or having food that attracts them. Also the zombies are able to run fast when night hits)- Great developers and feedbackCons:-Dated graphics ( This is still on alpha)-Zombies are a bit gruesome at night, you can't outrun them as their stamina exceeds yours 3x as much =-=.-Bad community ( Just like in Rust and Dayz, You will always find a phsychopath trying to kill you)-Map design ( Just talking about the map showing you the world, hard to find houses and such with a map like that)-Lag? ( Seen people complain about this. This game runs fine to me though)- Reset ( As the game goes through updates you will find your saved game wiped out, need to start fresh)- Bugs ( Still in alpha so expect it). This are some bugs to look out for though:Breaking a leg when falling/jumping 4ftObstacles sometimes standing in your wayUnable to look at inventory or map for a few minutes. ( Happens to me not too often but still does)I haven't played much so this review will be updated as i go along exploring the game and looking for bad or good things about it. It's a really fun game overall, i had fun playing it. You will die alot as you learn about the game but it will be worth it. Went from living on a self-dugged hole to a house that i'm at recently, secured with a wooden door and a couch for extra protection, i say that's an improvement lol."
76561197975247124,Recommended,251570,9287830,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Evilgoattea,"I don't really get all the hate this game is getting in these reviews.  Are their bugs?  Sure?  Are their issues that need attention: yes.  Overall though my experience has been a positive one playing this game.  I love the environments, exploring and building are very satisifying in general.  Night time does get a bit berserk but I suppose you could just put torches everywhere.  If you keep the area lit up zombies are weaker and only walk.  Anyway if you like zombies, and you like building stuff like in Terraria or Minecraft, then you will probably like this game. They just lowered the price point as well so you can get it for 25 instead of 35 which is kinda nice."
76561198075943969,Recommended,251570,9350844,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,stallionsden,"Having played 339 hrs of 7 days to die. I am totally in awe of what the fun pimps have produced. Ever since watching The walking Dead I have been totally into Zombie games. & when a good mate showed me this game I felt personally the search was over for what I was looking for. It has everything I was searching for. Building, killing walkers, Destroying things (blokes best friend) I totally can not wait for the final product to be released.As I see it the fun pimps & the developers & all those involved deserve a great big ty &  hats off for the brilliance they have created. Yes it is still Alpha & early access but the play & all bout the game & play are totally worth it. Not to mention your say is heard loud & clear by the team at fun pimps. Issues & problems are dealt with instantly & everyone is very helpful in finding a solution.I do emphasise this game is still being developed & there are bugs & wil be bugs from time to time. But that is what early access is about. The chance to be involved with something amazing does not come around alot. & I believe 7 days to die will be just that amazing. the final product will show the hard work & great listening from the team at the fun pimps.If you only by one game in your life I would def recommend it be 7 days to die.PS: The Fun Pimps thank you :)"
76561198042187446,Recommended,251570,35190194,Posted: 24 September,all,RatPuke,"With over 400 hours of game play I think I can finally add some feedback for 7-Days to Die.  Firstly, huge fan of the game... the crafting is a super rich experiance and I think it is balanced well with the scavaging necessary to progress in the game.I tend to play the game in spurts allowing large chunks of development time to go by before I play again.  They conituelly add content and keep the game pretty engaging.Although an old game it most certainly isnt outdated.  The cost of the game is well worth the content if you like crafting survival games and 7-Days to Die will likely bring you back again and again as you get the itch to battle The Horde."
,Not Recommended,251570,14142660,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kim-Tofte Tøsnes,Alot of bugs and bad graphics and LAG! Not worth the money yet. You should probably wait maybe a year or something.
,Not Recommended,251570,13024337,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,♡♥Sleepy Hellery♥♡,"Terrible game! i mean,full of crushing,memory leaks,mouse bugs,lag!if i were you,i woulden't spend a single dime on this game 8Ii want my money back :L"
,Not Recommended,251570,22426847,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Hylomane,"In alpha, releases are slow and buggy. Each release fixes some bugs while creating new ones. The game lacks direction as the devs keep redesigning major parts of the crafting system, not necessarily for the better. Multiplayer is limited because of major performance issues. Servers keep crashing. Considering the success the kickstarter I would expect better development in the alpha stage.I would not recommend it until out of alpha stage.A16 Update:Error causes console to pop open. Console can't be closed by design. As a result you can't move, and can't close the console because the error keeps coming up. You either die or Alt-F4. When you come back the error will pop up again. Game is basically unplayable. This is an old problem that they could have fixed a long time ago by allowing the player to disable console.They added turrets and a rudimentary electricity/power system. There is never enough ammo to feed the turrets, it's like they added a massive sink to a resource that is not abundant. WTF?As of now cheap torches that burn infinitely are BRIGHTER than any light you can power using generators and gasoline.  You need 5x the amount of lights to match 1 torch and it still looks like crap.Ah the Fun Pimps, adding features which they never actually finish. I think the release date is actually getting further away as they keep adding all these things they need to eventually rebalance/refactor. With each new release the codebase get bigger and bigger and one day it won't surprise me if they don't throw in the towel and call it 'done' without fixing any of these things.I could sit here all day and point out all the little unfinished, unpolished and downright broken features and gameplay mechanics that have been around FOREVER but I'm getting bored kicking this dead horse."
76561198048878054,Recommended,251570,13032159,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Juice,"I've played all the survival games out right now. DayZ (mod and standalone), War Z (now called Infestation: Survivor Stories), Rust, Unturned, etc. This is the one I stuck with hardcore, and it's not even done yet. I've played since Alpha 1, when everything was blocky and there was no stealth system. That game was terrible, yet still held its own compared to most other survival games. Looking at it now, with a complex crafting system, stealth, hordes, random gen, and so much more that's been added since those first weeks... This is THE game. If you buy one survival game, make it this one. I guarantee ya, you won't regret it.Edit: After reading a few of the negative reviews, I have to add that this game is IN ALPHA. There WILL be gamebreaking bugs, in fact they released an update (A3 I think) that crashed my buddy's computer. This was before they released on Steam, ofc. Ever since, there have been no problems as far as corruption goes, but these things CAN happen when you buy a game that isn't finished yet. Not specifically talking about anyone in particular, just sayin'.As for the forum moderators, I suggest sending a pm to Joel on the 7dtd forums. He's a great moderator, fair and funny, but he's not paid to be a babysitter. He's an actual dev who is doing his part to create this game. Still, if you have a valid complaint, I'm sure he'll listen. He helped me link the game to my Steam account when he could've just sent me a link to Google and told me to figure it out lol.Point is, this is a great game with a great dev team, and though there WILL BE BUGS, they're doing the best they can with what they've got. This isn't Bohemia Interactive, this is a group of guys making a badass game. At 900+ hours, I've gotten my $25 out of this game many times over. Best game I've ever paid for."
,Recommended,251570,11220266,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Nephiral,"As far as zombie survival goes this has to be one of the best I've played especially in early access. Most game developers make a ton of excuses, promises, and plans that never deliver, while this game seems to be developing smoothly while also remaining PLAYABLE. Most of the glitches seem to be fairly negligible from my experience so far.Pros+ Building CapabilityWay better than rust or any of the prefabricated excuses for building that most survival games have at the moment, infact on par with what you would find in minecraft with a better look and feel to it.+ ScavengingNo more Chuck Norris vs. tree immersion killers like they have in minecraft, rust, and other games like it. Make tools based off of materials you can gather from smaller sources before tackling the big projects.+ Zombies & AIThey can smell you, see you, and sometimes simply sense you. This is way better than the husks of DayZ, or the rabid bunny rabbits of Minecraft.+ Updates and ContentNever expected when I originally bought this for the devs to be so loyal in their updates but wow they have been progressing this game like it actually means something to them, crazy right? Devs that don't abandon their community.Cons- Hard StartI'll admit it's a bit hard to get started in with little explaination on how to get your first tools. I personally started out scavenging till I found a pickaxe and shovel only to find out later in the game that a stone axe can work however slowly and can be made from gathered materials.- Players Per ServerUnfortunately the only huge thing is the amount of people that can play before it takes a massive dive in server sync which can ultimately drop everyone from the server or just make the few people experiencing it rubber band like crazy. Watch your server population and limit who plays or else it will happen."
,Recommended,251570,16872097,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Eximinds,"Awesome Game ! It's really fun to play 7 Days To Die Single , Coop and Online ! You can really feel the survival in this game ."
76561197995602114,Recommended,251570,12577913,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,River,"This game has all the core features I have come to think of as desirable in a game.- co op lan and online- can build stuff- can destroy stuff, fully destructable is great- has tough enemies, but lots of control of difficulty settings- is challenging and rewards creative thinking- 3d world, fps and looks good for alpha- extensive content, with more to come (story missions etc)How does this game differ from say minecraft, well it's not blocky, the enemies are tougher, more varied and make more sense, (things dont teleport), the atmosphere (post apocolytic) feels more visceral.It can often feel intense and demands that you work out what to do and prioritize what to do to survive.Of the cons - there are some minor bugs and some things that don't look or work quite right, which it appears the developers actively work on whilst also refining and expanding the game. I recommend the game if you like this style of game."
76561198058252008,Recommended,251570,17195542,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Atom-X,"nice game, i play it since alpha 4 and i recommend it to everyone who like post-apocalyptic games."
,Recommended,251570,16844985,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HeadWound,"First, let me start this long review by saying this:  Don't let the EXTREMELY outdated video they have uploaded here in steam be your first impression of the game or the deciding factor for you.  The game looks much different and things have been changed and upgraded/updated many times over since that video was made.  That video appears to have been in a very early alpha and is missing a butt load of features and graphical upgrades.Moving on...I've played a lot of sandbox survival games (Rust, DayZ, Unturned, etc.) and this is by far the best one I've played.  The original alphas were very fast and the game progressed so quickly it felt like there was no point - you would have end game items in a few hours which really ruined the difficulty and challenge of the game.  But the last few updates (and there are many of them and they come quite often in the form of sub-releases or new alpha versions), have really revolutionized gameplay for me.You start off with basically nothing:  a torch, a can of food, water, and a decent (upgraded) bandage.  You then have the majority of the day to get some basic gear set up - find cotton to make cloth, use that to make some clothing, plant fibers, stones and sticks can be gathered to make a stone axe and a bow and arrows for basic protection.  Then you need to find some place safe to stay the night - the zombies shamble slowly during the day, but run when the sun goes down.Seems simple enough?  Well that's just the start of it, you then have 6 more days to find better gear, hunt for food, gather recipe books to learn to craft new items, level up to craft higher quality gear and weapons, scrounge for gun parts to make some guns (if you have the recipe - if not, theres always the single shot blunderbuss...not recommended against a horde).  Zombies can see you, hear you, smell you if you're carrying raw/cooked food, and feral hordes can sense you through walls...but they only come on the 7th day unless you set all zombies to feral mode.   And you REALLY don't want to be outside with no defenses when that happens...though nothing is more terrifying than hiding in an abandoned house and hearing a feral horde beating at your walls and doors...the dogs growling and howling...and the giant wasps circling your base - all waiting for a chance to get at you.And the game world is completely interactable and everything you do has an impact.  You let those zombies beat at your base long enough, they will tear holes in the walls.  Those walls will eventually lose structural integrity and sections of the floor/walls or even the whole building will collapse - with you inside.  And if you survive the collapse, you still have the zombies to contend with.  There are status effects:  bleeding, burning, broken/sprained/mending leg, dysentery, infected, scent, stunned, etc. and stealth mechanics (including throwing rocks to lure zombies by the sound they make).  You can tunnel deep into the ground, or try to modify an existing structure and build onto it, or build an entire base from scratch using wood (basic), scrap metal, concrete, reinforced concrete, iron, etc (with more to come) and almost everything is upgradeable or reinforceable.  You can (and should) board up your windows and doors, block entry ways with plywood, and for 7th day hoards, even consider taking down stairs with an axe and rebuilding them the next day.  Just be careful with whatever you build, as if the structure is not supported, or you dig too deep and wide, the possibility of a cave in or structure collapse can result in an untimely death.Definitely worth the cash and time spent.  The sense of gritty realism, amazing graphics and ambient effects and sounds, procedurally generated sounds/skies/terrain make every map feel like a new experience.  And it's only going to get more awesome when Alpha 12 comes out...minibikes and upgraded physics and new random gen algorithms.  What this game doesn't have, the developers are likely already working on adding.Awesome game, survival/sandbox/tower defense with RPG and crafting elements, well supported and balanced pvp, challenging pve, steady releases, consistently patched to fix whatever bugs are found, and pretty much the best early access game I've ever played.  I would give it a 10/10, but it's still in development and there are the occasional bugs, and the servers are kind of small (largest I've seen is a 40 man server and it can be laggy at times) so I will rate as 9/10."
76561198067033980,Recommended,251570,16573057,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rodien,"Good game.Devs pull through.Devs are activly working on the game.Devs play the game.Devs may take awhile to update, but when they do its a big update.Its worth the money.The only thing that kinda sucks is there may be some bugs after an update, but if you give the devs a few days they'll hotfix it.One more thing that might suck is the game is constantly evolving, meaning you might need to relearn how to play the game after an update.And youdon'tneed a server to play. But if your internet sucks there are always big servers you can find. (Last I checked.)If your looking for a zombie game to play with your friends, look no further!"
,Recommended,251570,14658724,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TinyPirate,"7 Days to Die has  come a long way in recent months. The developers are actively adding new content and features and the game is a lot of fun. What sets 7 Days apart from other, similar games is that there's so much to do that nothing really feels like a grind. Your scarce resource becomes your time in getting set up before a horde strikes, not so much grinding away at resource gathering. Give it a go, or watch how well it works with a couple of mates playing!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr6cOnhZbI0"
,Recommended,251570,15720809,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Bobe,Best Game I have ever played hands down.
76561198004631319,Recommended,251570,8098513,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bloody Hell!,Really unique!  I can't wait for them to make all the updates and changes they are planning.  This could be by far one of my favorite games.  There will be and already is quite a bit you can do and once they add all the elements they're coming out with it will be quite exciting!  Def a must for zombie/minecraft/fps/rpg players :D
76561198072486162,Recommended,251570,12861299,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Susto69,"well this is just the best survial game i ever tried if u like mine craf , dayz , infestation well this is all the r and more... but much more still need some work on some aspects like the zombies look its a very unscary look , the way light works its a bit messed up  but overall i give it  5 stars and seeing the first bild and the poduct that they have to offer now it is a long way of evolving and more much more will b coming as its still in alfa stage so yes i do recommend this game to all fans of  survial games"
,Recommended,251570,11745680,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Arky,"Brilliant game,  addictive gameplay once u get into it, good, common, meaninfull updates.You can create the game you want with customisable difficulty, extremely easy or extremely hard."
,Recommended,251570,10897887,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,maldoror,"When I first bought this game early in its alpha phase I had some regrets. The early blocky look just did not do it for me but I always would come back every month or two and check on this game because I saw some depth that could be interesting later on. Fast forward now to version alpha8.6 and this game is quite fun, has dumped the blocky look and has me quite excited for the future. They have borrowed some of the better elements from games like Rust, Minecraft and DayZ and combined them into a quite complex crafting/building game with sizeable numbers of zombies that can be a real menace to you at times. If you have some friends to play with online and you enjoyed the building and base raiding of Rust but wished it were more complex in the crafting area, you should get this game. Or even if you like a solitary open world game it is still worth getting."
,Recommended,251570,16591023,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DSM UrbanFsk,"So far the best EA survival game out there.Decently optimized and a sht load of crafting, zed's in hordes, feral zed's in hordes :D and even a difficulty setting for multiplayer servers.Would recommend. 5/5"
76561197982531514,Recommended,251570,10176029,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Johnman,"Great gameWon't go into to much detail as to why, it's just really fun and addictive; ""Especially"" if you like this genre of game.Played the usual competitors of this genre like Rust, Dayz another game called the Dead Linger and none come close to this game in playability, content, fun factor and care and attention from the DEV team.Of course the game is in ALPHA but patches come constantly and improve the game. I won't lie to you with patches come more bugs as the game is constantly being developed but I still recommend this game as ""the best"" or at the least ""one of the best"" of it's genre which is openworld, apocoliptical survival with zombies.Over 700 hours played ans still love the game. That is pretty good for a game that isn't even BETA yet, it's still ALPHA and has a long ways to go to even get better still.EDIT: Updated review, still one of if not my favorite game. Progress is slower than would be liked but the game geets better and better. As of today, having played the game for 2yrs I'm going to load it up again and play for a few more hours. Allready logged over 3200hours....eh?Great game, you'll love it."
,Recommended,251570,9682904,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,TakeDownGang TDG,"I have waisted my weekend on this game.... Is it worth it? Hell Yeah. now dont get me wrong i play alot of minecraft but eventuly it gets boring i cant sit down and play that for 24 hours straight without getting board. Now this game, i spent litterally all day playing and was able to not get bored. This game implements Minecraft and DayZ Together to make one amazing game. I was impressed that unlike both of those games i could host a free private server without having to port forward or any of that junk i just set up a new game and changed the settings so my  freinds could join.This game is in early stages and its amazing i just cant wait til it fully comes out. And you can tell some of the things they will add such as cars, and cars that need gas, and more weapons, more maps and i just cant wait! Glad i bought it this early! I Highly reccomend this game for ALL Ages There is no Cursing just a little bit of blood but i can see this game being bigger than minecraft and if you want a better understanding of this game watch the video about that steam offers. I Hope you will buy this game because if you do it will be money VERY well spent."
76561197961909777,Recommended,251570,9921597,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,The Major,"Below this is the current review. I opted to leave the original as well for reference.------ORIGINAL REVIEW: VERSION 7.11----------I played this game for a little bit when I first purchased it, just before alpha 6 was released. I was impressed. I played again later, around version 7.11, and I can say without a doubt that I enjoy this game. Having to take structural integrity into account to make sure your buildings and mining tunnels don't collapse on you rather then just as eye candy is a very welcomed plus. While there is equipment degredation and normal needs (food, hydration, stamina,)  I have never felt that these were too prevalent, yet it's just taxing enough to make you actively think about it.In the end, it will be very interesting to see how this game turns out, but from what I'm seeing right now... We're all in for a very good game.---------NEW REVIEW: VERSION 12.4---------Ok, I've put a good amount of time in the game between each patch. So far I am greatly impressed with the changes that the team has made. The game is starting to take shape and it leaves so much potential for mods when it's done!  But, this isn't much a review without actually reviewing it, so here we go.Graphics: As I said in the opening, they have upgraded the engine and it now supports better graphics as well as weather effects such as rain, fog and snow. Unfortunately, for one reason or another, there seems to be some kind of issue with high end video cards and the game. That, however, will be patched out soon enough. The night sky looks great; first thing a friend of mine said when he saw it was ""Woah, check out that blue nebula!""Sound: The ambience is much, much better then it was before. Not saying it's the greatest in the world, mind you, but it's much better none-the-less. Before, it would just repeat the same one or two ambient noises. While they aren't 100% ""there"" yet, the new ones at least make sense and fit the time and area. Game sounds, such as shooting, could use a touchup, but it still sounds good enough and I believe there are plans to improve upon that. In fact, I think they recently updated the reloading sounds as well gunfire.Replayability: A lot. There have been quite a few world clears (due to patches) over the time I've played this and I generally have at least 1 SP game and 1 MP game going on in tandum. Even now, with so many of the promised mechanics not yet in the game, there is still many ways you can change up the playstyle to keep it interesting. Things like: ""This time I'm going melee only!"", ""I can only use a crossbow! That means I can't actually kill a zombie until I get one!"" and ""I cannot eat canned food or drink purified water. I must eat only cooked food and tea.""I don't like to give numerical ratings due to the misconception that ""7/10 = crap"" that reviewers such as Game Informer do. However, if I absolutely had to I'd give 7 Days to Die (in its current state) a ...7/10(5 = average, so 6 = slightly above average and 7 = above average)Can't wait until it's finished."
76561197960520057,Recommended,251570,8757936,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,YankeeJim [dBs],"Fun game...nice to build what ya can and see if you can survive the night.  Has similarities to minecraft, but not the open ended construction or procedurally generated worlds.  I cant wait to see how else they develop the world"
76561198053614814,Recommended,251570,25511472,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,RwztyZkrev,Day 7:Ohhh look a little fly :3*bee comes more closer*HOLY FREAKIN...*dies*wat?
76561198086557093,Not Recommended,251570,9655447,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Spidey,I don't really recomend the game now cause I bought it and not only me but many people are having a crshing problem with the game I am also running the 32bit version of the game so if you want you can by it now for less money but your going to have to wait really for them to update the fixes to the game.
,Not Recommended,251570,9308695,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Target Practice®,7 Days to Die? PLEASE just kill me now..
76561198171316641,Not Recommended,251570,13783137,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Divine Intervention,"I am having serious issues with this game. Everytime I ""press ENTER to join server"", the game freezes on me, and then just closes 30 seconds later. This is an extremely detrimental problem with the game. I got the game only like 3 days ago, I only played it once without it having some sort of issue. This game I *DO NOT* RECCOMEND! I wasted money on a game that doesn't even play. Its just a useless 7TD Icon on my Macbook Pro with Retina Display. Fu** this game, it needs to be fixed or I might just uninstall it too, and just continue to spread the word of the horrible tech support this game offers. 0/10            0/5P.S. the game is good, but only if it works, which IT DOES NOT!"
,Recommended,251570,16026536,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,AG,"7 days to die..... a lot has changed since my last play of it, all the way back in Alpha 1.1. now in Alpha 11.x (not sure what x is, it could be 4 or 5) i barley know what to do. the game took a turn from being similar to minecraft and DayZ to now surpassing them both on its own. very well done to the devs. im impressed on how far this game has gone. it went from the point of easily making a ultimate unpenetrable fort to spending 2 hrs on creative learning the map and how to use new features. i would like it to be a bit easier like spanning next to a city or camp with at least one weapon (gun to be specific) just to stop the zombies overpowering you quite quickly.i would recommend this to anyone into open world zombie games.11/10 - IGN - (insert IGN joke here)"
76561198147463440,Recommended,251570,31610789,Posted: 7 May,all,Mr. Schmoop,"I've seen many negative reviews on this game saying that the graphics are bad. That might be true, I cannnot argue on that. However, besides the graphics, this game is something I can play for hours on end trying to loot and survive. Most of the negative reviews also give me the impression that the person who wrote the review have not gotten too far into the game. I've also noticed that people don't like the update speed, if you knew how many, for lack of a better word, things they put into the game in alpha 15 for example. Updates take time. Overall this game is very unique in a way of horror survival that gives you a thrill everytime you play it. Highly recommend it."
76561198099455243,Recommended,251570,16435907,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zekeylicious,"7 Day to Die is a great game and I'm thrilled that the developers are still hard at work in making it a better game for all the support we've shown for them. Only real issue I have with the game is when a Massive Horde comes at me, my computer lags but that is on my end. hahahaAll in All a great game, worth having especially if you have a few friends that you can play with. Forget using a 3rd party voice chat, the terror of using in-game chat and voice when you're getting jumped by a ton of zombies and your friends hear your blood-curddling scream as they get closer really will send shivers down your spine. :3"
,Recommended,251570,9635192,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,_Fille_,"Good game,But it's a bit laggy and have some bugs. But it's expected as the game is alpha.Great coopSo if you can handle a few bugs and some lags buy it.If you can't, don't buy it. And wait for the full release and miss all the fun"
76561198040699802,Recommended,251570,15240464,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,magicxurdin,This game is awesome even with the few bugs that is has.
76561198004920167,Recommended,251570,16576467,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,banzai606,Got the game when it was early alpha 9 (or was it 8? 7? hmm...) Glad to say throughly enjoyed it playing with my buddy for hours at end.Pros:- Constant update! Granted it may take awhile for the devs but it looks like they are heading in a proper direction!- The endless possiblity of a sandbox game.- Zombie killing fun. There are times where I sweated/panicked from being overwhelmed- Co-op! Not a fan of PvP so the co-op is much more appealing to meCons:- Bugs/Glitches. Something I would expect from an alpha game.Looking forward to the improvements and advancements to the game! Great job and keep up the great work devs!
76561198032037456,Recommended,251570,16815949,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,yoshinogawa74,"What can I say, this is a really great and fun game. Have been playing it with my brother since some of the earlyer release's and we both sit in anticpation of each new update ready to play with all the new stuff they put into the game. When we first started playing spending the night in acttics or on top of building's waiting for day break with nothing but a stick for protection hoping the hordes would not find us had both of us jumping at every little bit of odd back ground noise. The fun pimps have done a wounderfull job on this and countinue to do so. They keep the up date's coming and keep you informed as to what they are working on with screen shots with regular blog updates. I cant wait to see the finshed game and I highly suppect that it will be epic. I recomend that you give it a try even though it is early access. 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,251570,9904568,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Chr0nChr0n ♡♡,Great game... Genius blend between a building game and a zoombie kill/survival game... 4½ out of 5 stars :D
76561198091700300,Recommended,251570,9739584,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Dat Nigga Kid Buu,Very fun game. Sort of a mix between mincecraft and dayz but also realistic. Carfting is difficult to get used to at first but it makes more sence than other games. Even in the alpha this game is awesome and if they do what they say there going to do with the future updates then this game would be off the charts in popularity. And the devs are also amazing and keep updating constantly. BUY THIS GAME.
76561198121723851,Recommended,251570,8995875,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,SmileB4DEATH_YT,"I read alot of the negative reviews and it put me off alot, but i thought i would be my own man and give it a shot and i am very glad i bought this game, yes the price is a little steap for this game but you can have a lot of fun with this game, so much better than day z, but then again it is like day z and minecraft into one.If you do buy it i would recomend playing with a friend for sure."
76561198027226755,Recommended,251570,9000596,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,[MG] DocGunt,Very good game.  This zombie apocalypse emphasizes cooperation and teamwork in order to survive.  With an in depth crafting system and plenty of different types of zombies to kill this game has a steep learning curve.   It's either learn or die.I would definately recommend if you are into the coop aspect of game play.
,Recommended,251570,9842246,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Free Love Maaaaaaan,"This is a great game considering it's current stage in development, however once the player is immersed in the program, after roughly 20-30 minutes, the game is very prone to freezing, completely killing any good vibes you were getting when you were fighting off hoards upon hoards of zombies. All it needs is some cleen up so that the game isn't overwhelmed whenever players are in the mood for a long gaming session."
76561198095544608,Recommended,251570,9954966,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Tschami,"I've drank out of tioletsI've faced down hordes with nothing but a gas can and some sticksI've killed a zombie with a shiv made from the femur of another zombieI've been attacked by twirling zombie dogsI've been puked on by fat zombie copsAnd I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE ITThe game is well made, gets updated fairly regularly, and the devs seem cool. Get it if you can"
,Recommended,251570,9958702,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Praxius,"I bought this game about two weeks ago now after playing Rust for months on end (since January) At the time I wasn't sure if I'd go for DayZ, Rust, or 7 Days to Die (which a lot of players seem to be stuck in deciding)I went for Rust because it was the cheaper of the three and seemed to be in the middle of 7 Days and DayZ in regards to gameplay. It was fun and entertaining and I loved building a base from starting out with not much. However, the gameplay got repetitive, it involved a lot of play time in order to maintain everything you owned and to try and make sure nobody blasted your base and took your stuff while you were offline. As a father and single income worker, my free time for games is limited. The other issue is that updates for Rust have been very lacking lately and it has just become a bit stale. DayZ seemed even worse with updates, and the amount of content in the game is very lacking in comparison to 7 Days and Rust. It looks pretty, but eye candy can only go so far.7 Days to Die is impressive and deserves a larger player base than it currently has. I was originally put off by the graphics in its early versions a few months back, but that was clearly a mistake. Besides, the graphics have been getting better and currently are about par with Rust. The reason I can see for the lesser quality graphics is that they focused so much more on the gameplay and content and it all works very well, especially for an Alpha.The other issue I had with 7 Days to Die back in January was its price, which was the most expensive out of the three. Now it has dropped in price and is cheaper than DayZ.And for someone who doesn't have a lot of free time to play games, having a single player / offline mode to play is great. The Zombies are very effective and keep you on your toes. With the new update coming with the motion capture animations for them, it's just going to get a hell of a lot better.Now, let's say you get the basic stuff to survive for the night, or so you think, now you gotta find a place to settle down. There's a little neighborhood with some houses. Smack a few zombies around and drop them, ok, so this house is empty and I'll call it my own. I'll put my stuff in the fridge, make some storage boxes, start crafting a few things. Hmmm.... it's getting night time now. Guess I won't be going far. Wait, what's that noise? Footsteps? Screaming and odd breathing?? Well they won't find me in here, I'll just keep quiet and put out the fire. Uh oh, they're getting close. They're on the doorstep. Now they're banging on the door and screaming! Oh crap, the windows smashed in the back. Jebus! They're bashing through the walls!! Is that a Zombie Bee I hear? Oh MY GOD THEY'RE INSIDE!!!! THEY'RE RUNNING AT ME!!! HOW DID THEY FIND ME!!?? CRAP THEY SMELLED THE FOOD IN MY BACKPACK!!! AAAAAHHHHH!!!!!^My first night.I did survive though :P"
,Recommended,251570,9415314,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Adlerson,"Absolutely love this game. It IS rough. It IS early still. Lots of bugs, lots of rough edges, but under it all is a gem. If the devs keep up the development as they have lately I have high hopes for this thing. Think Minecraft meets a zombie shooter.I have a server set up for myself an a handful of friends, and the sense of community in building and 'surviving' in a post apocalyptic world is strong.I recommend this game, though if bugs bother you, if having to start over after major updates bother you I suggest waiting."
,Recommended,251570,9708940,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,wottolin,"Just picked this up a few days ago and I am glad i did.  As you know its still in development but the product that is currently available to play is TONS of fun and will only get better.  Building, crafting, looting houses, tunneling, farming and the whole while keeping those pesky zombies at bay.  If you like creative building games, zombies and crafting till your hearts content do not hesitate to pick this up.  Easily worth the $25 they are charging."
,Recommended,251570,33701553,Posted: 21 July,all,Starrweaver,"I'm not the sort to play a first person survival game, and yet here I am. I'm also not a fan of zombies, ever since my kids talked me into playing Left 4 Dead. Nope. I kept hearing smokers and witches when I wasn't even playing the game! But I joined together with my son and daughter on a multiplayer game. It was a first time for my daughter and I.  We were getting a crash course in survival in-game from my son.My first load up felt a bit like a realistic Minecraft, quests to get small stones, wood and make a stone ax. Okay I've been in this before. I've played Minecraft years ago with my kids when it came out. I even tried out Creativerse a while ago, so I felt some familiar parallels in this one.Took me forever to figure out how to get fiber, punching grass was a helpful accident which resulted in me playing lawnmower with my hands. lol I also discovered some of those thicker bushes gave me wood. That was a helpful bit I could've used sooner. Taking down a small tree by punching it took a while and I'm fairly sure it hurt my hands. At least in my mind, that would make sense. But then, this is a game.For some odd reason, my daughter who is the bane of all zombies she's encountered, was more disturbed by these stumbling and shambling maggot condos than usual. Not sure why, but the whole atmosphere was very tense. It was like waiting to hear the footsteps behind you, you swore you heard just a second ago. Even she didn't really understand why these zombies disturbed her so.So if you are a zombie nut, these may just be a new group to check out. There's a fair variety of creepy crawlies to get aquainted with. The idea is to find a place to fortify and survive the Horde night which happens every 7 days. I know I should have been helping on the first Horde night, but I was only level 3, what could I do? The roof felt a lot safer than being below with those decaying carcasses bashing in through the fortifications and extra doors.I will admit that I did enjoy scavenging the area, collecting up things to use and even exploring a few buildings. It took me some time, but I even learned to aim my bow so my arrows actually hit something. This game has some real physics action so the arrows at a distance arc... so aiming a bit above my target actually took of a head or two. Yeah headshot! I do a bit better at headshots when the targets are closer. Though I've a bad habit with taking groin shots, especially when the zombie's down. I'll shoot for between the legs if I'm not close enough to target the head. I figure why not? It should work, right?Anyway, I did find that playing on solo with the intension of finding and killing stuff did help with improving my skill with a bow and digging was a great way to get up athletics and such. I also found it to get easier to deal with pop up zombies and such after stumbling on them since I wasn't paying attention where I should have. So now that the new update has rolled in, it's time to start up a new game together.I'm more prepared, feel more sure of my abilities and know how to watch for dangerous situations better. I think I'll be together with my kids, helping to defend our shelter next time the Horde comes to visit. I'm really glad I gave this game a try and even though I love zombies even less than before, but I feel like I'm ready to take a few more down this time."
76561198063120601,Recommended,251570,18747538,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Squirting Elephant,"This one along with Ark Survival are the best survival games out there right now (at the time of writing). The game is in a very playable state and has a great crafting system and the building part is the best part of this game. You can make crazy creations above and underground, it won't affect performance like in other games (Space Engineers...).But sadly drains a LOT of performance in multiplayer due to bad optimization. Therefor finding a decent server is hard. Bad servers are plagued by hackers, cheating admins or simply have no zombies at all or when they spawn they don't move because the server has no CPU left for that... Basically world-objects like supply drops, enemies, physics, etc. no longer update on poor servers with more players than they can handle.But luckily there are some good servers out there. You just gotta find 'em.The game has sadly a lot of nasty bugs that can eventually become pretty annoying. But for a casual gamer this game is just awesome. And there is in my opinion no better zombie survival game out there right now. Singleplayer is very stable, multiplayer is not.The game supports both online PVE and PVP."
76561198041852671,Recommended,251570,33633867,Posted: 18 July,all,The_captain,"Hmm what to say..Well firstly, the concept of this game is brilliant. The crafting theme mixed with the survival hoardes is simply brilliant if you love those two things. However, there are some issues. The main being that you will mostly likely have to make a new world each time a new patch comes out, this can pretty anoying as you many lose hundreds of hours of playing and this is something that i hope the devs will iron out.Overall its a game that needs alot of work but is also alot of fun, something that i would recommend although your experience may differ,"
,Not Recommended,251570,21574951,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Noxty,Needs alot of work
76561198049947349,Not Recommended,251570,21352929,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Worst_Mayor,"This game might be a bit more fun if I could walk five steps without dying on the easiest difficulty! I thought that if I brought in a friend to play with it would be easier, but I just spent an hour and a half trying to run to my friend because we would always spawn 4000+ meters away in a freezing biome where you can run until you get enough hypothermia where at that point you lose the ability to run and all you can do is watch as 5 or 6 lumberjack zombies beat your naked♥♥♥♥♥until you die."
,Recommended,251570,16125500,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Akendolfr,Naked break-dancing elastic zombies.If you get that reference then you've at least played this game long enough to like it.
,Recommended,251570,16006152,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DatPancakeGamer7500,Best game in my library! so worth the 24.00$ bucks!First few days your scared just hiding in a house listing to the zombies outside.Day 50 and up shoot any zombie you see on your way to your awsome base!
,Recommended,251570,16017944,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Capn Space Frog,"Honestly, I have never found a better zombie survival game. Want to build your own epic base? Done. Want to break the ENTIRE map for some odd reason? Done. The game incorporates MANY features from other zombie games, but also introduces many more. Im not going to go into a bunch of detail because there are already many reviews for that. The games to great to explain, it has active devs that listen to the community and each update keeps bringing more to the table. All in all, go get the game for yourself and realize why its so great.P.S. Alot of the current textures & such are place holders that the devs are using to work out the coding behind certain pieces of content that they want in the game. All animals/textures are subject to change as they will change it depending on what they are attemtping to do."
76561198102355853,Recommended,251570,10015851,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,slinkydog247,"absolutly brilliant game, very immersive, when that sun goes down you get a real sense of dread if out exploring, looking for the nearest house to hide in trying to make as little noise as possible,  its still alpha (7.11) at the mo, so its a little cluncky with a few bugs but bloody hell is it good, and alpha 8.0 is gonna be a game changer, smooth terrain, polished graphics, tons of items and block upgrades, would recommened to anyone, its come a really long way in just the last few months, you wouldnt recognise it, the devs have been massivly busy with the updates and still are (new one once a month at least)  the community is great too you get a real sense of players needing to work together against the undead as they try to tear you base apart (usaully because someone has freshly hunted dear in their backpack and forgot about it lol) some of the features they have planned should make this one of the defining games of this genre, ONE of the best games ive played (not for polish but for experience, not a statement i make likey, been gaming for 20 years) truly epic !!!"
76561198059626073,Recommended,251570,10033268,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,madrude,"It'a a good game....although it's far from being full...(Still an Alpha), I enjoyed playing and exploring the only available map...keep on the good work guys"
,Recommended,251570,16750127,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hello99993,"Like DayZ meets Minecraft. Highly recommended. This is what PC gaming is all about.The only cons about the game is the performance is not as good as it could be (I blame that on Unity), and the graphics and textures look a bit dated.The mechanics are EXTREMLY solid, though, and so far I've only had one crash in 80+ something hours.Some recommendations for the team (Fun Pimps): More items, more ""biomes"" (they get repetitive very fast) and more building."
76561198078226446,Recommended,251570,8643659,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Frostbyte,Extremely fun and never gets boring :)
76561197995285664,Recommended,251570,13178071,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,RadarX,"I waited for a sale since it's Early Access and given my caution to most games I expected something a little rough but so far I've been really surprised by 7 Days.  Part Minecraft, and part Zombie Apocalypse it puts you in a hostile environment and sets you to crafting for your survival.Sure the animations could be a little better and the UI could do with some polish, but the sheer area to explore, the number of recipes, and the availability of both single and multiplayer made this worth my time.  I'm interested to see what they add next."
,Recommended,251570,9211097,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,wolfgangsta,"Its similar to minecraft and dayz , the perfect combo.. A must buy 10/10"
76561198047884361,Recommended,251570,9332426,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Cee Jay,This game is worth the money trust me.  Make sure you play it with a friend.  It is more fun if you play with a group to.
,Recommended,251570,9700859,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Rebel@Heart,Unlike Dayz........ This is actually fun!
76561197981125828,Not Recommended,251570,16435582,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,N3rv3s82,"UPDATE June 2016: I gave this game a second try and it would not even load into a single player game. It crashed every time. Still a crazy piece of trash game.What an absolute piece of trash game. I mean seriously, utter garbage. How do these awful games keep getting good reviews? Don't waste a dime on this totaly incomplete, worthless game. I spent $7 and I feel totaly ripped off. The sound sucks, really really bad. The combat sucks. The landscape is the same enviroment with the same wrecked building scattered throughout with the same few objects that you can search through.I am all about supporting the indie, but this game is not worth supporting."
76561198033220155,Not Recommended,251570,16919721,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mr.Nick,"Everytime i start the game its great i get all the basics. but in five minutes of play time the game always...ALWAYS crashes. i beleive its because the 12,0 update they just finished. More work needs to be done on this game before ill play it again"
76561198123527527,Not Recommended,251570,17283709,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Agent Cat,"I'm not quite sure why I bought this to be perfectly honest. It's been sitting in my library for 18 months now and I just cannot get into the game.I do not have a particularly powerful computer but it can handle most games pretty well, and yet with this game even on low-settings it feels laggy, slow and my computer quickly heats up like an oven. I'm wondering whether this game is just poorly optimised. Either way, it makes the game almost unplayable for me.As for the graphics, I tested the 'ultra' settings and they just seem very poor to be honest - and not the sort of low-resolution style that is acceptable (e.g. Minecraft). It just feels like playing a game from 10+ years ago, and feels miles behind the standards of today's survival game graphics. I particularly don't like how the game just 'fades' into black in the distance.Furthermore, from the short time I have played the game, the sound quality isn't great either. Zombies for instance, will sound as if they are a metre or two behind you with loud footsteps, and yet are barely visible when I turn around.The combined poor sound and visual quality doesn't make the game particularly immersive.Although, perhaps I'm being a little unfair. After all, graphics and sound aren't everything. Game mechanics are also important - and possibly something I haven't played enough to truly appreciate. Either way, for a survival game, I am impressed (and a little bewildered) at the character's ability to pick up countless cinder blocks without any help and yet take 100's of punches to kill a zombie.18 months and I haven't seen a huge amount of progression to address the above issues. At this rate, I feel I'll be waiting years for a playable game to be produced out of this. Sorry, but life is too short for that.£18.99 is far too expensive for a game of this quality."
76561198072948172,Not Recommended,251570,17021289,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Chase,"This game as of the moment, is a horrendous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I try to play with my friend but every time we find a house, we break in and zombies are waiting inside and outside the house to ♥♥♥♥ our days up. The hit detection is bad, and sometimes you'll get hit once and you'll automatically be infected. I do not recommend this game to men, women, OR children."
76561197967060275,Not Recommended,251570,17306647,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Satan2k,"I don't recommend yet until few things are fixed :- balancing :  I don't event know why melee weapons are there since they are pretty much useless.- performance : even on a decent hardware, you can't avoid having big drops of the framerate, even without much objects on the screen- tutorials / starting up : you're pretty much lost the first hour of gameplay, but it's a survival, so if you have basic knowledge in this sort of game, you'll end up easely.  But it's definetly not for the casual gamers : it's not the type of title you'll end up with lots of friends playing on it.- netplay : you end up on a huge map with only 8 poeple at the same time, at most.  We're really far from the other titles of the genre (H1Z1, Rust, ...) that can handle 50+ poeple easely.  So the netplay can be pretty much boring.  If you like PVE more than PVP, it's definitly your type of game.On another side the game itselfs has good ideas :- tons of items / crafting- you can interact with the terrain, make your base | hideout | mines.- if you have friend to coop with, it's still a nice game to play."
76561198099045159,Recommended,251570,10478998,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,vance the lion,i love the game even though its a bit buggy its a good game all in all
,Not Recommended,251570,28315521,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AngryFox,"This game, no matter the version or update released, is PATHETICALLY RIDDLED WITH BUGS.Is it ""alpha?"" Well, that's what the tag says but... really? I mean, you're paying 25$ and they're at ""alpha 15.1?"" I'm sorry to say, sticking ""alpha"" on the front doesn't absolve you of your sh*tty programming when you're taking people's money. This isn't an ""alpha"" or even a ""beta,"" it's their final product. Period. They just happen to keep making minor content updates that address NONE of the long-standing issues.Do you like running around, doing your thing, and then your character starts magically floating into the air after which you plummet to your death? How about building a character for weeks only to log on one day and have your character magically reset to lvl 1 (no, the server wasn't reset)? How about gathering gear, storing it in your minibike, and then <poof> it's all gone moments later (no, it wasn't taken by another player)?If you enjoy feeling like a hamster running on a wheel, are happy with constant setbacks for no reason, and are contented by devs responding to your frustration with statements like: ""This is a known issue and we're sorry for your lost character,"" then you'll absolutely love this game.EDIT: NO WHERE IN MY REVIEW DOES IT SAY I WANT *MY* MONEY BACK. I'M MERELY SUGGESTING YOU SAVE *YOUR* TIME AND MONEY.EDIT: Why 500+ hours? Because this game is 3.5 YEARS old. I revisit it twice a year with friends from home and EACH TIME we're disappointed. EACH TIME we think: surely they've fixed it. Yes, this game is from 2013 and somehow this is still an ""Early Access Review."""
76561198236106638,Not Recommended,251570,17337792,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,☾☢☽TartarusGrim,"I was interested in this game for a while, as well as its competitiors (rust, dayz, ect), and once I saw it at 50% off I couldn't help myself. I bought it and found myself on a snowy landscape with multiple bears and a herd of zombies in the distance. I looted everything in my proximity and went on my way. My first life was brief, a good 5 minutes of hitting a few zombies with some kind of stick like object that held the power of 11 hard exhales. So, after being mauled by a lovely zombie that walked through a car, I respawned apparently just down the road from my previous body and while trying to investigate a crime scene I got too close to a bear and became its dinner. The next 3 respawns consisted of: me dying to invisible predators while searching for a weapon, running around for 10 minutes and unable to find a weapon, boxed a zombie only to find out punches do no damage to the undead, and lastly, crafting in this game is super confusing. I had a full inventory at one point, but I couldn't craft anything. Checked a few recipes, 8 small stones = campfire.... Fine, I'll put up with this madness. Made a campfire to cook up some dog meat. Unable to cook dog meat, camp fire has 3-4 slots and wants me to have kitchen ware to cook it in. Gave up on cooking. Found a nail gun, a horde attacks as if I just stole their prized possession. Dogs run in sync glitching around me but never attacked until I shot my last nail into one of the dog's asses. Spent 2 minutes runing in circles around a gas station before getting killed by ""mans best friend""..I played 36 minutes before sending a request for a refund.Pros:Lots of fashionable head wearWeapons are all child safeBears do bear thingsFemale zombies have boobsCons:Invisible enemies randomly kill youRunning simulator until you find a weapon (could take a while)zombies can walk through carscrafting, nobodys got time for dat36 minutes worth of rant by yours truely"
,Recommended,251570,25905275,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MrDChips,This game is terrifyingly addictive cant wait to see what they do next
76561198059972598,Recommended,251570,9172767,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Quantum_Nocturne,"Great game! The crafting options are fantastic, the combat could be a bit better, theres only one map to choose from, but it is still in Alpha! so much to come from this game! it could well be one of my all time favorites if it plays its cards right."
76561198072054452,Recommended,251570,9303744,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Doc_Zimbys,Its awesome game for 20£ or 30£ for 2 packs  its really cool made this game .Just continue in this game its only alpha version and too many things you can do in this game too many real thing in this game I am a Agree for the cost 20£ for one pack becouse this company make real Great Job in this game !!! Its best survival game if you play with your friends !!!
76561197960868990,Recommended,251570,9323999,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Hawkeye,This game is incredible. Before I got this I was playing Rust. Turns out this game has everything I was hoping Rust would have and even more. Rust took two weeks to put out an update that fixed the sky. This developer does more in 1 week than Facepunch Studios can evidently do in two. I highly recommend this game if you like survival games. Survival is a challenge even without the zombies. he zombies are relentless and force you to get very creative as far as having a shelter. The crafting system is extremely diverse and surprisingly realistic. his game gets two thumbs up from me. Well done!
,Not Recommended,251570,19798742,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,"I really liked this game, seriously, it used to run smoothly for me, it was fun to build, and graphics looked like they were improving (even thought I dont care how it looks, but was a nice improvment), and all around was a good game if you wanted to play zombie survival minecraft.I wish that I could say the same now. When I left the game about 2-3 months ago (I was burned out playing it, moved to another game), the game ran perfectly, the loot system was great, and all around a solid game. Now if I try and play it, it lags like f***ing crazy, not network lag, LOW FPS LAG, on a computer with 16 gigs of ram and a 4gb graphics card and 6 core processor. This game should be running perfectly, but now it sucks. Not only that, somehow, the graphics are WORSE. So, worse graphics and a low FPS, when before, improved graphics and high FPS.....DOESNT MAKE SENSE TO ME.Also, the loot system is now RUST. You hit a tree with an axe, you get wood EVERY TIME YOU HIT IT. Before, you had to chop down trees for logs which can then be crafted into planks and other things....Now you get wood every time you hit trees, dirt, rocks, god knows what else. This game is now an abomonation that needs to roll back these latest updates to fix what shouldnt have been messed with, cause now, Im playing 7 days to die, and now I feel like Im playing RUST.UPDATE: Even now the graphics in the game are somehow worse than they were before, and UI is worse, and it has a pointless leveling system now. This game has become RUST in a nutshell. ANYONE WHO BUYS THIS GAME, try it in Alpha 12.5, then the current one, and TELL ME IM WRONG. This game has gone down hill sense they released Alpha 13."
,Recommended,251570,17655965,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Wadeballs,"Fantastic hybrid of Minecraft, tower defense and a FPS zombie game. Here are some observations:- More physics based than minecraft- Fun killing zombies- Getting a base organised before the horde comes is fun- Gameplay is a bit limited in alpha, but more is added regularly- Can be frustrating when you can't find certain things for crafting- Current controller support is lame- Occasional glitches but Devs are very proactiveOverall, highly recomended for a more mature version of minecraft survival mode"
76561198071012921,Not Recommended,251570,20129366,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nD,"7DTD had a very cool start. Simple minecraft inspired zombie survival.Unfortunately the developers quickly showed that they are completely out of their league. With every patch the game took 1 step forwards and 2 steps backwards.I played the heck out of it in the early alphas, but now the game is a complete mess.The simplicity of it is gone, its insanely poor optimized and full of half implemented idears that the developers will doubtfully ever get fully working.With every patch this game just gets worse and worse.Ultimately its just been out too long, that the developers can continue to hide behinds the Early Access tag."
76561197981548323,Recommended,251570,22079082,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Shonkawakan,"This is a really great game of its kind and it's always been right from the 1st of my runs in it more than a year ago. Maybe even unmatched in things it's focused on.No storyline or directly given quests(update - it has some optional quests now), it's just about surviving under harsh conditions in the post apocalypse world full of walking dead (Or running dead, depending on which settings you prefere). Kind of a fine quality surviving, which feels like a perfect subsitute to the storyline and quests as trying to make it as far as you can becomes a storyline and quests by itself.Which ever stage of this game's developement  in eary access i've tried so far, they all were a damn great survival experience. Even at times when some other people were not content with any bugs, lags or just changes brought by an update.The only issue worth mentioning i had myself was that it can't be normally  played on full hard difficulty with always running zombies from the start, there's just no chance to survive with such settings (doubtful that i just failed to find the way to do this) long enough to call it surviving. Since i've picked warrior(4th of 6) difficulty with Zs running at nights and walking at days and feral as my  regular one, there's been nothing to complain about, except my own mistakes.The game is about being spawned on the map naked and bare-handed, and then collecting resources, making yourself some basic tools, weapons and clothes, building your base, hunting, growing plants and fighting zombies.There are quite branchy crafting and building menus there and lots of recipes of advanced staff you will eventually find looting different containers and dead bodies.Recrafting things brings you some slightly better staff each time you do this.No sleeping option, but there's always a lot of things to do at night, except maybe first 2 or 3 nights when you don't have enough resources in your inventory to craft or build something. I just punch a would frame or smth else then to get some additional exp. points to the athletics skill before Zs show up and provide some entertainment (good time to explore the crafting menu, too) . Otherwise the length of night may be adjusted to end at 02.00 e.g., never done it myself  though, it's 06.00 by default.The number of Zs in your vicinity eventually grows bigger, starting from the 7th night you have to deal with an attack of a whole big horde of them once a week, which gets stronger every time, so you need to constantly improve your equipment and fortifications.The game can be played solo or in PVE or PVP multiplayer. There's a good default map of a reasonable size or you can choose playing on a randomly generated endless map.Food and water gauge and environmentally triggered effects like cold, heat, being set on fire, a couple of deseases, bleeding, being stunned by a slap from a zombie or getting your leg sprained or broken or whatever else, are all of crucial meaning, each brings you special trouble and requires special treament or action.In fact, there's too many good things to tell about this game, but that would soon degrade down to unnecessary spoilers or epic episodes from author's own in-game experience. You better try it yourself, that's a must have if you're into fighting Zs and surviving.PS Just remember to find a safe place to hide or convenient to defend, a bow and several dozens of arrows before it's 22.00 if you set Zs as running at nights:)),3 block long 3 high wall of  wood frames upgraded with wood and  a little scrap iron if you have some, with a row or two of spikes on the ground around it was enough for first couple of nights until the last update but now it seems to be 4 high, optionally with unupgraded frames or ramp frames(to be able to remove one to shoot down through the gap) around the top, and you will need 4 or 5 high, 3 or 4 thick and 3 long upgraded(as much as you can) wall with frames around the top to survive the first couple of hordes(days 7 and 14). A friend of mine says Zs can't dig down, so another option for spending nights is having an underground shelter with level(not a slope e.g) and as hard as possible terrain above it. Best of all if it's 2 block thick at least, fortified with a layer of upgraded wood frames and with support pillars (avoid flights longer then 3-4 blocks, to prevent the ceiling from falling down on your head). The entrance should be stopped up and levelled with the surface and you shoudn't be close to it when Zs show up..PPS English isn't my native, my apologies for any inadvertent errors i could have made."
,Not Recommended,251570,16908912,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Marked One,Please improve draw distance.
,Recommended,251570,8048333,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ru,"Don't listen to anyone saying this game is broken or full of glitches. I was one of the skeptical ones reading mostly the negatives over the postives of getting this game. But the urge to play every time I watched the video was too much. So I bought it. Best decision I ever made, I played 6.5hrs straight into the early AM. Only problem I have seen so far is when you try to break something, your marker SOMETIMES isn't always correct and you end up breaking a torch behind you instead of the wall infront of you.""♥♥♥♥ this game zombies are still GPS'd"" ♥♥♥♥ YOU! Have you not watched the gameplay video? Zombies hear, see and smell. Think about it for a second then say you were wrong. Zombies are meant to be that way.Also to make this game more realistic I turned off running zombies on the settings. Giving you a more 'The Walking Dead' kind of zombies, which is what I believe to be the ""real"" zombies. This game is beautiful, and what is still to come is so exciting. GET-THE-GAME!"
,Recommended,251570,28328033,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TheFormula,"Destroyed, Cold, Hot everything you could think of to Snowy hills to warm deserts this open world sandbox filled with rather 'exciting but scary zombies' makes the game more intense and a more viscous terrain, So what is 7 Days to Die you ask?Well, 7 Days to Die or the acronym 7DTD what most people know it as is a zombie sandbox which has not only zombies but zombie dogs! which is rather scary if you ask me, I was once looting and completing reansacking a building then all I heard was a growl and it wasn't a normal growl it sounded alot more angrier and scarier so I looked out the window and all I can see is a dog circling the building and I was like ""Oh lord."" it wasn't what I expected to see so early but I infact did so I just had to leg it out the building and try to run as fast as I can into the wilderness of tree and grass. after a long run of getting out of there and excluding myself from the infected and building I found more building but in the distance I saw a desert with building nearby and this was on a randomly generated world, (You have two choices at the moment to choose to have a randomly generated world or choose a map call 'Navezgane') I continued you my journey and I found myself a weapon and a little bit of food to keep me going for the meantime and I think this is a really fun game to play, It's alot more fun with friends and I managed to get some friends to play with me on my server a while back and I played this when a bit later it came out and I miss some of the old thngs they had back in the day.I like the fact that you can now have vehicles, I have a bike and a underground bunker with on the surface a large wall excluding the dead and on top a small house to store misc and other items in case I am lazy to go all the way down, I didn't ofcourse make it all me and my friend did and it was ages from completion, We still have not finished the base what we have come to this day and still it's a work in progress. I recommend this game to everyone if you like first person zombie survival horror. It's quite atmospheric in some places where it can turn really quiet and audio of wind and whistles to loud screeching and infected crawling up on you. Be warned it can be a scary game but rather fun one aswellI recommend this to everyone who likes this sort of game remember to look at the trailer so you can have a basic idea what you are stumbling upon.Thank you and I like this game alot!"
76561198052367454,Not Recommended,251570,22301183,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,romani87,"Playing on iMacGame is literally graphically destroyed with every settings on latest iMac. Why supporting Mac, when it`s not playable?!! Even servers are unable to connect in multiplayer. Thumbs down!"
,Not Recommended,251570,23622677,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jkIndustries,"When will the final release be? Never for PC. After 3 years as an alpha, they decide to release a console edition (still no word on final pc release date). Also, instead of bug fixes, each patch adds features. This game is broken and the publishers don't care about their own fan base."
76561198155771899,Not Recommended,251570,31385663,Posted: 26 April,all,kylefrank0001,"Pros:- The environment graphics are decent and relatively detailed- There are a ton of craftable items- You gain exp for every action you do, and the type of exp you get is specific to the action, like getting crafting exp for            making a hammer, forging exp for... you guest it, forging something.-Everything breaks down into raw materials so you can reuse it to build something better.Neutrals:- Raw items are EVERYWHERE, they all look the same and are in abundance, imo, the raw materials need to be diversified, this does not break the game but makes it look a little cheesy.- The places you would expect to find certain item don't have them there and likewise, places you wouldn't expect to find certain items have them everywhere.- For all the items that are in the game almost non of them are interactive except for smashing them down with a hammer, the ones you don't want to break you just end up picking them up and they are in your inventory as a picture.Cons:- Zombies look ridiculous, terrible animations, bad spawning logistics, and are not typical walking dead zombies. Instead, you have to fight off dogs, spider-like zombies, spitting fat-asses, and crawlers. Maybe it's just personal preference but mutated zombies need to stay in games like Resident Evil.- Bugs are everywhere, especially in the background environment graphics, A mountain will look like a smeared texture flattened out and will cover your entire background when running around in some cases it will bug itself right in you running path forcing you to deal with graphics glitches. I stopped playing because of this one issue, the other ones are annoying but can be dealt with, for me maybe it was the straw that broke the camels back but i can deal with wonky gameplay not graphic glitches that literally get in my way.- Falling into oblivion then auto-saving and corrupting you save file.- Zombies being able to detect you, underground, under 20x blocks of dirt/rock and digging there way to you.- If they can't dig to you fast enough, the will just spawn behind you soon as you turn around to work on something.- Melee is basically useless- Slow, i mean slow, slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ nearly non existent kinda slow for updates. Because they have sold over a million copies at $20+ US each they could have hired 20 guys for 5 years each on contract and still had 10 million to split between the original 4 developers. In other words, for the funding they have received, it should already be out of alpha and fully released with few bugs beautiful graphics and an endgame scenario at minimum.There are many more pros/cons but i don't want to make this to long, those are just some of the ones off the top of my head. I had a suggestion that they turn the combat system into something interactive, like a dog gets within range the screen slows down for .5 second displays a key to tap and if done fast enough will put you into an animation were you kill the dog instantly and get to watch some cool killing move in the process. This could be the same way for all the zombies and for tougher ones you may need to tap a few keys in a row, like you hit the first key you stab it with your knife then the fight continues, zombie goes to hit you again and the counter attack button pops up again and repeat till they are dead. Obviously no feedback from the developer was received and that was at least a year or two ago.It's a real shame that i have to R- this game after waiting 4 years for it to get better, i gave it the benefit of the doubt, but i don't think they will ever finish it."
76561198054080636,Not Recommended,251570,31389139,Posted: 27 April,all,Rabid Elevator Midget,"Game was recently updated and I felt the need to give it one more look over.It's still decent fun, but honestly the game is way too grindy and cheesing the zombies is entirely too easy.The new sleeper system is garbage and now whole cities sit empty because all the zombies are sitting inside waiting for you to walk past them. They respawn literally on top of you all the time and to make matters worse in the same damn update they add sleeper zombies they remove the lootable corpses so now every single body on the ground is a zombie 100% of the time.The 7 day attacks are easier now than they ever were before and sure they added turrets and mechanical traps but due to the zombie's terrible pathfinding and tendendcy to just melee walls to death instead of walking around it's almost impossible to funnel them so what's the point?The treasure chests and trader perks are way too strong in my game we managed to get literal thousands of bullets and I've yet to craft a single shell. The new crafting system based on perks is OK but the skill point cost is downright insane. At level 120 I was trying to level up three of the five crafting perks to max them out, a single perk at that level costs 30 freakin skill points, 90 bloody points between maxing the three perks, You only get 5 or 6 skill points per level. That's way too much cost and even at max level one person can't level everything so you better play this with two people at least.Also since the new patch I've had consistent graphical bugs where doors would render but they were not really there, I've had numerous bridges fall apart for no apparent reason after I drove over them, and the wandering hordes of zombies just walk mindlessly in one direction often totally ignoring me. They also tend to refuse to walk around things leading them to attack walls and bore literally holes right through entire mountains and towns alike. On one occasion such a group collapsed an entire sky scraper and crashed my game. It's certianly got a long way to go for the AI."
76561198150661681,Recommended,251570,13165862,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Syn Is Boujee,A great game to play if you have a good group of friend to play with
,Recommended,251570,25783155,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,diegoserneels,this game is one of the best sandbox survival games ive played i a while
,Recommended,251570,26252893,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[DAD] tomfin,"A survival experience so authentic that zombie processes stick around after application exit.Microsoft Windows [Version 10.0.14393](c) 2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.C:\>tasklist /FI ""IMAGENAME eq 7DaysToDie.exe""Image Name                     PID Session Name        Session#    Mem Usage========================= ======== ================ =========== ============7DaysToDie.exe               10828 Console                    1     23,092 KC:\>taskkill /PID 10828 /FERROR: The process with PID 10828 could not be terminated.Reason: There is no running instance of the task.C:\>taskkill /IM 7DaysToDie.exeERROR: The process ""7DaysToDie.exe"" with PID 10828 could not be terminated.Reason: This process can only be terminated forcefully (with /F option).C:\>taskkill /IM 7DaysToDie.exe /FERROR: The process ""7DaysToDie.exe"" with PID 10828 could not be terminated.Reason: There is no running instance of the task.¯\(°_o)/¯"
76561198114555138,Recommended,251570,8299126,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,BoarWarrior,"Right now, 4th October 2014, this game has been improved a lot since I bought it, I guess a year ago. Here's what's happened since then: bees are not so noisy nor numerous nor everywhere, world is bigger, there's snow, glitches and bugs fixed of course, a little performance improvement, graphics improvement, smooth terrain, new weapons like crossbow and bolts, better crafting system (this one's a big thing), you can wear armor, forge system for metalworks, and improved multiplayer. I've not checked the quests nor randomly generated world that are supposed to be there yet.What's still missing: a better movement of enemies, cause they still move in 8 directions instead of having a free range of movement. Makes then harder to hit, worse combat. I'd assume they work out that one. NPC:s, dont know if there's any nor if they gonna add any, but hope so. Weather, there might be some, haven't noticed yet, but I'll change this if I notice it.Overall, I feel it's very good. They could work a bit more on the mood but I guess that's more a last line polish thing, it's pretty good as it is now. Very realistic for a game, different animals, lot of different things to craft etc. Many options on what kinda game you wanna play, like in zomboid: how much enemies, how strong and alert they'll be, how much loot, how long days, airdrop frequency... great customisation of gameplay. I really enjoy the long 240 minute day, gives you a lot of time to get used to the game without having to rush and you can adjust the difficulty as you like then.Works best in my opinion when you put a bit too much of a challenge for yourself and play with a friend and mess around a bit and go daredevil. Not for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who take the easiest failsafe way out, you'll get bored if you're one."
,Recommended,251570,8824728,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Sills,"You need to buy this game, i know the price is a little high for a PC game. The reason it is high priced is because it is in alpha and needs the money to develop and update the game. there is so much stuff you do in this game. you dont need to buy or port foward the servers or anything. when i first played multiplayer i found the experience good. you would have about 4 people following you around and finding stuff and killing with you. The repair system is a very good feature. there is a wide range of weapons, traps, defensive blocks, and explosives. i wouldn't say you would be build a base all of the time, but if you want to build one next to one of the many lakes or ponds. Also don't go outside of the map, this leads you to the radiation zone which will kill you. The graphics arn't the best but everything else works. the sound affects and pretty good, but what i really like about this game is that one day you can be building up your house and making defensives and the next day your farming potatoes and corn. Theres alot of things to explore as well and theres the mining aspect of the game, there isnt many ores and i dont think this game needs much of that. I would recommend this game for anyone that likes building games, fps, and multiplayer..."
,Not Recommended,251570,19671641,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Baioretto,"Liked this game before the update. Now it is unplayabe. Optimization before the update was pretty bad, but I was able to play it. Now it's lagging like hell. Please guys fix this. I loved that game so much.Edit:Okay, they are actually doing something about it. And I actually can play it now. But still... It is badly optimized. Not going to recommend it in current state unless you're a very big fan of survival games. I am most likely going to recommend 7 days to die when it is going to be finished or at least stable... But the process is going really slow. As I said if you are into survival games and don't care about crappy graphics with a little bit(sometimes a lot of) lag then you will probably like the game."
,Not Recommended,251570,31590111,Posted: 6 May,all,LordUnborn,"I guess there is a specific audience this game is for and I am not it.  The game has been in Early Access for 4 years.  In that time they used the EA money to port it over to the consoles.Pros:Graphics are decentCrafting is decentTerrain is variedSounds are well doneCons:If you don't tweek the settings the game is way too unforgiving.Building is a bit weird.  You build big block buildings and they just seem odd.Zombies can crawl up walls even with one arm or leg.Game code still isn't optimized.You start out naked in the middle of nowhere, Why?Overall I think that this is a game some may love while others may hate.  I would give it a 6/10.  I think that  I wouldn't recommend it to my friends so unfortunately it gets the Thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,251570,12717123,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SakuraBelle,"very awesome game but I wish they would bring back or let people have an option of whether or not they want the radar for zombies mini map thing. Although, I will say, without the radar it is like 50% scarier than it was before.I recommend buying it, it worth it's money. Even though it's still in alpha and has a few bugs it's pretty good."
76561198133171909,Not Recommended,251570,23083152,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,oscottyo,"Game was fun at start but with all the changes that have occurred it pretty much a generic game where wondering how to level your character best is more important than playing the actual game. Put in over 2,500 hours on this game but they have changed it to the point where I have no further interest in it. Perhaps when the game is officially out I can find a modded version I would enjoy.So on a scale on 1 to 10, I would give this game a 4, If I still have to kill 5 rabbits with a nail gun then I'll drop that to a 2 out of 10. Just for lack of imagination.IF I could sell my copy I would."
,Recommended,251570,23060642,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DarkConSoul,"Awesome game! It's a great game to get 2-4+ friends together and batton down the hatches. There's various roles to play which can be done solo, or divided among your friends.. Everything from Looting towns, crafting items, building a base, mining ect.. I have a game with a few buddies we've probably each put 50+ hours into and keep exploring/ making new Forward Operating Bases. There's something new around every corner to keep you entertained."
76561198096889127,Recommended,251570,8482118,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Härlige Harald,"OUTDATED AT THE MOMENTReview updated/rewritten on 2014-03-15This game had some serious performance issues at its alpha launch and I considered the game unplayable. I fell in love with the idea of the game - a minecrafty zombie survaval, where you're never safe. You would have to survive endless hordes of zombies, charging your defenses, breaking it down, piece by piece.My biggest downsite uppon launche was that the game was poorly optimized and basically completley unplayable with a computor that's within their system requirements. The game simply wern't playable at that state on those specs and that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off - i felt as if they tricked me into buying a game that i couldn't play, even though the system requirements ""promised"" that it would be playable. Sure, the game was (and still is) in alpha, but i felt ripped of at that moment, but is till loved the idea of the game and kept waiting for this to be fixed.I redownloaded the game earlier yesterday, to give it another chance, to see if it performed any better.I am happy to say that things have improved, it runs better now (though still far from perfect), but the game has seen so manny other improvements that i really loved. The ""blocks"" had changed, making the game different from minecraft - the blocks are no longer squared and it makes everything look and feel so much better. I've spent hours digging tunnels and it really feels like i'm digging a tunnel, not a perfect rectangle, they have added new zombies and also a stealth system, etc etc. The list goes on and I really like what's happened.My old verdict was that the game wasn't playable in its former state, and I told people to wait for a few patches before buying it. I told people that this game needed to be optimized and was bareley playable in it's state, but that the basic idea of the game was wonderful.My current verdict:I am now happy to say that so much has improved that I now accually will recomend this game to people who are interested in a more ""hardcore"" minecrafty survivalgame. This game is great fun and I see a huge potential in it, though it still could use some more optimization. If you are playing the multiplayer you notice that the server can't really handle bigger ammounts of zombies - if your friends allerts a horde in an area far away from you - suddenly there are almost no zombies at where you are. This game still has some work left untill it's complete, but it's getting there and I now consider it much enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,251570,23549964,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Wolfman,"The majority of my time spent in this game was during the alpha 10-11 patches. For a while it was one of my favorite games to play, the mix of PvE, PvP, and base building was exactly what I was looking for in a survival game.Unfortunately, the devs of this game don't seem to have any direction and I doubt if the game will even be a fully functional and finished title before 2020. They constantly reinvent the core mechanics of the game, while leaving bugs that have existed for at least 2-3 patches and some even longer.Recently they decided to add an extremely grindy skill system, while discontinuing active support for multiplayer, and you can see that since those decisions the player base has plummeted.So if you want to play a grindy single player zombie survival RPG full of bugs that will ruin your save every time the devs decide to ""patch"" the game, go for it."
,Not Recommended,251570,24133685,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FOXDIE,"Just one reminder may help you. Please note that i bought the game on sale with %60 discount.Release Date: 13 Dec, 2013I recommend the option “The game didnt match the videos and screenshot” best suits"
76561198063067269,Not Recommended,251570,24954491,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mdiggs66,"For all the content this game has, it is amazing!  A bit buggy at times however no bug ruins the game even if you get launched to space and die falling down on impact for no reason at all.However, the game has completely failed me on unfair hackers.  Every server I am on I get hacked.   If its PvP and I kill someone, they hack me and kill me back unfairly.  If you see Mandarin (Chinese) name tags, They'll fly around and hit you once to kill you and take your stuff.  The game has a lot of content however does not provide a successful revenue to report Hacking which completely ruins the game.  Since I have no revenue to report players I'll post the name and server of one player who inspired me to write this review:   Server: Naked and Afraid. Player: RazorThreader.Players believe its just Chinese people that hack the game, however, if you simply google how to hack 7dtd you'll find endless sources.  Any player on this game can hack you if they feel like it.  Wreck your base. Kill you and take your backpack.  The overall idea of the game is great but has been completely ruined by imcompetance with dealing with hackers.  The only way to stop players from cheating is to buy your own server and password protect it. That basically ensures you have no multiplayer experience whatsoever.   I'm moving on to Day Z and Miscreated.  Hopefully the Developers will actually care about their player base and disallow hackers to take advantage of players that grind for good games."
,Not Recommended,251570,23608757,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Drogo,Until this game is actually finished it's hard to recommend. Progress does not look promising.
76561198120390549,Not Recommended,251570,19662788,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ɹǝʇs11ɟıɹƃ,"Update 13 destroyed and ruined the game, cant get halfway decent frames, the whole updates broken, i cant even open my inventory with it crashing. 10/10 would die from heatstroke in the middle of the night while chugging water and sitting in a lake again."
76561198090776427,Recommended,251570,11870793,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mar1insL,Just awesome game. If u start playing you can't stop. 10/10
76561198006249382,Recommended,251570,30321942,Posted: 4 March,all,djcamp,I have spent a lot of time playing 7 Days to Die.  I enjoy surviving and I love that the devs are always posting and creating new content.  It is still an Alpha release but it is really fun!
76561197974673415,Recommended,251570,30326588,Posted: 4 March,all,HarmlessOaf,Best survival game I've played.  A survival simulator with zombies. I like to call it 'Minecraft for adults'.  It is amazingly fun to be hiding out on top of an old building when a horde comes through and tries to bring the building down.  If you're unlucky and only have a small wooden building to excape to the zombies really will collapse the building out from under you.  Then run or die!
,Recommended,251570,30326646,Posted: 4 March,all,conquse,The fact that someone went barefoot and butt naked in the snow to make this game trailer shows the dedication the Dev team has to this game.9/10 a bit buggy but amazing
76561198062027505,Recommended,251570,30339849,Posted: 5 March,all,Cryogenix,One of the best survival games I have ever played! 10/10
76561198066627257,Recommended,251570,13840432,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr. Moose,"Zombies don't walk through walls and kill you. You can play in private games and hackers don't kill you. Finally, a zombie game that works.10/10 a game better than DayZ"
,Recommended,251570,16421132,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,classik.,"By far this is the most epic zombie survival crafting whatever game I've played!and i played a lot; I suggest you to play it,i'ts cheap for the actual game"
,Recommended,251570,15036826,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,PrimeCutt,"About 80 hours in I'm still nowhere near done playing this game. If you love making forts then you will love this game. Making a fort takes a labor of love and doesn't happen over night like most voxel-based games. Having a good fort means something and is all the more rewarding.I feel a very stron emphasis on the importance of forts in this game which is something I love. The foraging and crafting is pretty complex and fun to work with and will suprise you in little ways.Stuff like making reinforced concrete isn't as simple as a craft menu but takes seperate actions and resouces to make. You first make rebar frame in the craft menu, then you use tools to add a wooden frame around that and then you pour concrete into it. It's much more involved and interesting compared to most crafting/survival games.And this game perfectly encapsulates the surival aspect. There is just so much to this game that I love and the upcomign graphics update will make it even more immersive."
,Recommended,251570,16731776,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Blossoming Sun,"There are frozen zombie lumberjacks.Also, less of a Running Simulator game and more of... you know.... killing zombies.10/10 Have played this game more than Skyrim."
76561198006549943,Recommended,251570,16258362,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BlueMoon,"Although I haven't played it recently I have enough game time on the ""very"" early access to say I thoroughly enjoyed it.I'll start with game machanics; the crafting system is vast with usefull items pretty much all the way through, you wont want to leave anything behind because pretty much everything has a use some where along the way. The challenge of making molds for certain parts is clever aswell, adding a nice feel to the craffting system. It makes making the more complicated items all the more worth it.To follow on from this, buildings and construction are done very well. Searching buildings is standered, but the buildings them selves look very good for the enviorment they are in. For example the destryed city with it's half destryed buildings look dangerous and with the meterial strengh machanic (talk about that in a second) the buildings look like they are about to fall on your head, be careful. While other buildings like one found on its own in a foggy area look very creepy and mysterious. Construction is fun and simple while feeling really cool and characteristic to real construction. The fact you have to put a wood frame down first that can be destryed easily makes home building effecient and easy. Then using your tools add meterial to the frame, I also had to make frame scafolds around my house to get to certain reaches, very cool. This along side the meterial strengh system where some meterials can reach out further without support than others made building a home with the correct supports very imptortant. This just had a really nice feel to making my house and made it worth the effort.The zombies! Like I said i haven't played it recently but when I did this was something that kinda spoiled the game for me. I'm happy to fend off zombies attracted by the smell of my raw meat, or empty a house of the masses because there might be vaulable loot inside. But when the game turns into a wave survival game, it gets pretty annoying. At random points the game will throw a hord of zombies to the posistion you where standing when they spawned util they see you. Now, when the position they are heading for is the center of your home, and maybe I'll sneak out the back to avoid confilct, they will happily tear a hole in your walls, look for you, and then tear a new hole out of your home again. So if you dont kill them with guns, 5 rows of spikes (not very asthetically pleasing) or lead them away your home will be trashed. I had 3 hords come attack one straight after another and frankly I was getting bored of it. This is probably the main reason I stopped playing.The multiplayer is fun so long as you are with friends. The textures do well to make it look nice. And they are always adding new content, they seem dedicated.Overall I did enjoy this game with the building and scavenging, killing zombies and finding new equipment, crafting tea (too English for words haha) and making molds, along with a very neat mining system that i love. Tis game is all round fun to play, gets some friends on, build a safe house and beat the crap out of any zombies that come near. Enjoy o7"
,Recommended,251570,15483231,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[BW] NeTRiDeR [K],"adicting survival game ,hunt,build,scavenge,mine and the best part kill zombies"
,Recommended,251570,11931675,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Global_One,"Dash of Minecraft, 1/2 a cup of DayZ, and one pinch of L4D. Grab the spoon and lick the bowl its good."
76561198279751765,Recommended,251570,30310615,Posted: 4 March,all,XxX_AwesomeGuy69_XxX,Alright heres my review Pros: fun to play with friends guns are fun lots of crafting and more like that. Cons no mods lag issues with some multyplayer games and with weaker computers this game will LAG. Thats my review
,Recommended,251570,12423298,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Realtech64,"This is a very challenging zombie survival game, I love the craftability functions in the game the best. I also love that you can configure the game to suit your gameplay style. And the worlds are very cool. It's a lot like minecraft but better in my opinion although I still like minecraft. I also like that server owners can make changes to their servers to suit the players and make custom recipes. Im always excited to see the new updates and see what the pimps are going to do next. I can hardly wait for all the plugins that will be written for the game. I dont like that you can,t get away from dogs or running zombies once your attacked. But this is also ajustable. Also the games still a little glitchy being in alpha but thats ok. Hope to see you on the server."
,Recommended,251570,15741057,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jimmy JNR. <Tina's HOT STUFF>,Fun time Killer really fun even the PvP XD !!!!!!
,Recommended,251570,11882090,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Mons,"Probably one of the best alpha games I've played. It features a lot of stuff you could see in Minecraft, but adds more realism to it. In turn, 7DTD lacks some advanced minecraft mechanics such as functioning vehicles (boats / minecarts / red stone powered torches or mechanics etc.) The game is more focused on survival, and the zombies really are a force to be reckoned with. They never stop. You could build a fort, and assuming you don't exploit bugs / glitches, the zombies will eventually get through with a horde(s) big enough to destroy multiple walls before you can repair them.  Some of the gravity mechanics seem to be broken, where certain building tiles will fall apart for seemingly no reason. This is especially true when building a fort above an underground mining complex, as the game will somehow link the empty ground 50 blocks down to the fort above ground; making supports futile. A good variety of weapons, though rarity is a thing. Once you create molds for items you can start smelting your own brass bullet casings, or iron ingots for pickaxes and other tools. There comes a point when you don't need to scavenge anymore and you can become self-sufficient.The biggest thing I wanted in Minecraft was its survival element; but it was really boring as enemies (aside from endermen/creepers) did little to interact with the world. In 7DTD you see zombies attack stags, pigs, rabbits, they tear down walls and even at times terrain. At night they run, but you can turn this feature off. Some of the AI bugs have been fixed, though you'll see one or two everynow and again where they get stuck on certain things.One of the best things about 7DTD is its customisable options. It rarely ever forces you to play the game the developers set. You can have shorter days, longer days, more frequent air drops, more or less zombies, higher or lower damage received/given, loot rarity, loot respawn, etc. You don't have to restart another game to change them, you can go back to main menu, tweak some settings, and hop back in to see the effects.Random world generation is perhaps the biggest and best addition to this game. The only problem is that it lacks major cities and towns (too rare and far in between).The game supports Co-Op or PvP, up to 8 players I think, though you can go higher but chances of server crashing increases. Definitely recommend this game; it's one of the few that didn't just hop on the zombie survival hype train and abandon it as soon as things start to go south. It also delivers on its promises and doesn't promise to make something that will take them 3~4 years down the road to implement.Oh and with Co-Op, I've found it to be easiest by using Hamachi. That worked like a charm with no hassles."
76561198218114283,Recommended,251570,30381466,Posted: 7 March,all,menese67,It's a great zombie game as soon as i saw the trailer i was like i need that game
76561198010758739,Recommended,251570,25179090,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Artashir89,I LOVE IT!!!! Great with friends!
76561198064816837,Recommended,251570,17354837,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AndyG,"Great game. Have owned it for some time, played a fair bit and don't think you can find a better survival experience right now.The more I play the better it gets... one particular server called True Survival has modded the base game to such a level that it fits almost everything I am looking for in a multiplayer survival PVP PVE experience.  Kudos to the Pimps and Spider the mod of the server in which i play!"
76561198008001042,Recommended,251570,24604139,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,BlackDragon[QC],nice game
76561197970282497,Recommended,251570,30347720,Posted: 5 March,all,Haywood187,"I have 166 hours up to this point and feel like I'm only getting started. Awesome sandbox survival game with a ton of options in scavenging, looting, and building. Ton of fun if you play with friends. I'm addicted and don't see myself slowing down anytime soon.....and this is an Alpha???"
76561197966986156,Recommended,251570,14530970,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,AH64_Jimbo,"This is an Early-Access, Alpha-type game and it blows other ""finished"" games away! Not only are the Fun Pimps responsive to the public forums, they have put together a beautiful looking game. There's a bit of everything in this game; mining, crafting, building, exploring, looting, shooting zombies, and tower-defense. Play alone or play with friends, this game keeps you engaged.HIGHLY recommended!!!!"
76561198018565259,Recommended,251570,13118151,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,emarat,"-Early Access Review-I have been playing this game since it came to Steam, on and off.I have played all the way from Alpha 5 to the current alpha (15). It is an awesome game that constantly gets better.Hotfixes come very fast after a new major update release but when it comes to major updates they do take a couple months, though their major updates bring huge changes and improvements.I especially love that Madmole does showcase videos and a Q&A video every two weeks which really shows commitment to the community and wanting to keep them up to date.One of the developers has a blog on Tumblr that he uses to disperse information to the people, he is also quite active on the forum in answering questions and giving updates on what is going on and on the road map.I recommend to buy this game and try it out, it will only get better as development goes further and it keeps sucking me back in every alpha."
76561198163130249,Recommended,251570,29654260,Posted: 2 February,all,FeelsGuudMan,"Great game, very grindy. So much fun looting building after building in some city then trying to haul♥♥♥♥♥back to my base before night comes, and make sure things are ready for horde night. Just when you think you got a great base, have all the supplies and gear you need, the game actually gets tougher. The gears in my head are always spinning when I play this, because you're constantly thinking of how to make things better.Would love to see the devs hire some of these great modders that make really good content for the game. More progress would be made developing the game, and would finally get it out of alpha."
,Recommended,251570,9102450,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Trap Guardian Lux,"Its Okay, Full of Bugs though and it gets Boring Pretty Quick, But I hope the Updates will add more Fun.Its a good game, but for this Price? Wait until its not in the Alpha and the Price is lower Guys."
,Recommended,251570,15466930,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,TU3LH40,O melhorjogo  do estilo até hoje!
76561198122996060,Recommended,251570,13672745,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Negan,"This game is really good. I'm a huge survival game fan and I can't wait for the game to be finished. What i like most is how open the world is with a nice sandbox feel to it, the buffs and debuffs are a great idea and the options for making your server into the world that you chose is really nice.I dont have much complaints or dislikes but the new Heat Map system is kinda messed up, would be nice if i could see on the map what kind of heat I am generating. that would make a big difference. It seems it doesnt matter if your campfires or forges are hidden and your queit as a mouse...you still get hordes. The horde size should scale based on your heat map."
76561198151557863,Recommended,251570,16112016,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tanner,great love it
76561198110129272,Recommended,251570,16354332,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Martinez,Started playing this game with friends at 1 am.... Stopped playing at 6 am! 10/10 would sleep in the morning again!
,Recommended,251570,17690407,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Avain,">start new game>explore, find towns>buildings glitched into eachother>set up base>end up exploring so far away from base that we abandon old base>set up new base>explore even more, abandon old new base>set up new base>find two bunkers in same biome>now have good loot>find new town>more glitched buildings>enter libarary-home hybrid>never find a leather tanning book, yet find all leather armor recipes through our 3 IRL day playthrough>go to second floor, chased by miniature horde of zombies>jump from the library floor to the home roof>zombies get on roof somehow>take shotgun out and shoot closest zombie>pellet from shot shell flies to the ceiling, hits glass overlook>all the glass falls on me and friend>instantly kills us, doesn't hurt the zombies>our spawn point is a ~30 minute run away>laugh for thirty minutes straight instead of running>never play again10/10 would recommend this game"
76561198116846585,Recommended,251570,17394153,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,fobbyfabi,"Just finished my first session with the game, first impression: It's like RUST without the stupid blueprints that severely cripple solo players, and like DayZ but with a PVE element that's actually challenging. And the crafting seems to be more advanced compared to said games. Safe to say I like the game so far, my only gripe is I have some frame drop issues, this may be due to poor optimization. Yeah, yeah, it's pre alpha.7.5/10 so far, and I assume it will only get better as it develops. In my opinion, one of the better survival MMO's, and may just yet be the best one I've played."
76561198036717278,Recommended,251570,15269021,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dougie Jones,"I personally find this game better than Minecraft, but that's probably because I'm partial to zombies. For a game that's in Alpha, it's very polished and has great graphics and gameplay. The crafting system is fun to mess with, and so is building your own fortress in an open world apocalypse."
76561198129439042,Recommended,251570,23955794,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Inverted Lolipop Long Edition,"Excellent game and one of its kind. Zombies are more threatening, creating a suspenseful atmosphere that no other zombie game I have played compares to. In dead island you can hack and slash a group of zombies, in this game they are just as threatening as Rick finds them in episode 1 of The Walking Dead; it creates the game feeling that survival horror gamers crave. While the graphics arent the best (yet), games mechanics are unique and realistic (if a zombie apocalypse were to occur) and the physics engine requires players to strategically construct their base. I am posting this after having my entire base attacked by zombies and causing my building to collapse, ultimately losing my game but boy it was a thrill. It is very atmospheric and exciting to play, and theres a lot to do.The only downside that really stood out to me was the sheer difficulty of the game. The game is harsh and if 99 things wont kill you, the 100th one will (i.e, you could be going great and so lucky then bam you fell off somewhere and broke your leg, good luck surviving). I could only properly enjoy the game on the easiest setting which I would HIGHLY recommend for new players. While fun, the game is extremely difficult. That's why it doesnt tire - you dont really get to stable plateu of feeling safe and secure even after hours of playing it. There is always the exciting suspense that horror survivalists crave. You are never safe, even in your cozy wooden shelter....And the game is only Alpha. I cannot wait to see what more content makes this good game even better.Would recommend 100%"
,Recommended,251570,23966035,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Janse,"I speak Portuguese, so probably this review contains grammatical mistakes. I apologize in advance.This review is about Alpha 14.7. The next version (Alpha 15) will add new features!In a few words, it is a survival game about zombies, where you need defend yourself against hordes every seven days. But this game is not focused in building a base in the beginning and wait. On the contrary, it forces the player to explore the world gathering resources, since you spawn with nothing more than a bottle of water, one torch and few medicine. Each new release, the game is balanced and some resources (like food and water) becomes more scarce (I believe that they don't need balance these two any more), giving a better and bigger challenge - just like a survival game would be. There are some RPG elements, where each action gives you experience, leveling up the character, giving points to spend in some stats (or skills and perks, in this case). This is important since every day the number of zombies rises and spawn some harder ones. Also, you will start from pretty nothing and will have a progression path, learning some recipes and leveling up, until you can craft some better equipment (tools, weapons and armor). After a while it is possible build a self-sufficient base (or upgrade the existent ones), with forges, plantations and digging the ground for mining, which stops the real need to explore the map. In this stage it is possible hunt animals but you can not domesticate them (plantations works just fine though). I hope they add some new features to force at least some roaming from time to time (just my gameplay style preference, not a problem at all). Oh! I almost forgot... If you are playing in the default settings, you will need to be very careful to roam at night. Take a look for yourself - no spoilers. hahaThat said, it is a solid game even for an alpha. Not many updates as other alpha games, but the developers usually informs the community what they are doing in each minor release. Major updates only occurs in major releases (from alpha 14 to 15, for example), which will break your saves, unfortunately (I believe it is OK, since is an alpha). Most bad reviews are about the save breaks from release to release. Be advised!It is a voxel game, so, if you do not like, that is not for you. They implemented physics, so take care about foundations! If you want to build a mine, for example, you will need some support pillars. The same goes to walkways and bridges. Almost everything is destroyable... I believe only bedrock (the foundation of the game world) is not. Not sure about the height limits of the world, but is pretty big. The default map also is pretty big in length too. It will take a lot of time to explore and loot all.I'm not adept of high graphics settings in my games, but I see a lot of people saying they are having problems with performance. I play in medium with my laptop (i5, 6GB RAM and nVidia 930M) only with 'no shadows' and it runs fine. Every update and release they are trying to optimize the game as much as they can, so let's hope.As I said, if you keep in mind that is an alpha game and they are working every day to bring some new features and balance the game, it is a very good and fun game. Pretty solid in features and gameplay. I believe that optimization, as I said, is the only bigger problem, but the developers are working hard on this. I believe the game has some problem about some hit boxes as well, where some zombies can hit you from distance even if their arm don't hit you in the animation.It is known that some MAC users are having problems each new release, but it seems like is and engine issue... So, if you are a MAC user, you need to go to the forums and find if the issues were fixed. In the Windows, where I play, I had no problems.Never played multiplayer, but the mechanics is the same."
,Recommended,251570,23845939,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Killroy,"Just noticed I never wrote a review for this game..First things first, I only play single player because I dont care for the ""Hunger Game"" like muiltplayer.I want to kill zombies in peace without fearing someone will blow up my home. That being said....Pros-The game is constantly being worked on.-Looks very good, and gets better over time.-Its not easy.-Due to game options you can play just about any scenario you want. Be it running zombies, or walkers.-Items are plenty in variety.-Crafting system is topnotch.-Weather is a threat, you will freeze or burn to death.-Combat is pretty nice.Cons-Somethings are changed that never should be.-A bullet to the head does not kill. Requires many shots.-Guns have a ""Quality"" level, thuse guns can be not that great.-Gliches, bugs.- Zombie dogs.Overall its a great game. Zombies are a threat, and food/clean drinking water can be hard to come by early game. Especially if you spawn in a biome that has no clear source of clean drinking water (such as a desert or Snow forest). I will say this because I think its important to metion. Because the game is under a constant viel of change. Somethings that make sense maybe removed and replaced with something not as nice, then again things that are bad are always replaced with something better.Besides, you have no lived till you survived your first Horde....manly because you will die but that is beside the point."
,Recommended,251570,16477491,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Skyrish,"A very fun early access survival game that may look like a PS1 game. Despite the animation and texture quality it is a very fun game with a suprising amount of depth. Updates are always common, adding new items to the game help it as well. Looking forward to the final release."
76561198149010848,Recommended,251570,13827559,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Magoli,i love this game very much - it is so cool(and its not even finished yet)
,Recommended,251570,9028676,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ω bokerlong03 Г,"Once I got this on my PC, massive things changed. The new update blew my mind and it still being in the alpha stage has me on the edge of my seat waiting for the final product. Its a blast playing solo and even more fun when I play with my clan members. So many things to do that I haven't scratched the surface and theres always something new coming out with the next update. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,251570,12335529,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,fhSwamper,how rust should be (updated)   now after all the bigger updates  i find myself rarely playing rust anymore  and i lived on that game for close to 3000 hours  but find 7 days to die  more enjoyable and interactive with the user
76561198073296085,Recommended,251570,25906371,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Keavin,"Very fun survival game and in my opinion the best right now. You can freely build your own base with many different options in material, shape, etc. Easy to play with friends and a long lasting game with the random gen map, which you dont usualy get with most survival games. Would reccomend!"
,Recommended,251570,33025567,Posted: 29 June,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,You can eat broken glass.
76561198057584338,Recommended,251570,33029762,Posted: 30 June,all,alexander2008,This game still evolves with all the Updates. But its already really good and crates lots of hours gameplay.Totally recommend this if you are a fan of open world Zombie Survival with Base building.
,Recommended,251570,33005026,Posted: 29 June,all,StR8HuStLa,Super fun game.  Need to play with friends though.
76561198328001597,Recommended,251570,30344269,Posted: 5 March,all,Bubbles,awesome game so far love it and playing with friends is even more entertaining
,Recommended,251570,30347421,Posted: 5 March,all,TomCat,"First of all I bought this game on sale with a few friends. That being said, it is extremely hard to get started, come nightfall you will find yourself being murdered by zombies and unable to see, you will be dehydrated with no way to drink clean water thus suffering from diareaha from drinking murky water, or you poison yourself with snowberries because you have run out of food to eat. Regardless of the difficulty of the game I have not played it enough to be an expert by no means or know much about getting a proper start but this game does have lots of potential.For me - this game is a bit too early in development for my liking but others may really enjoy it.I will definitely come back to playing this game maybe in a month or two when the game is further along in its development. That being said, I would buy it again but only while it is on sale - you may or may not like it but its only 11$ and is still an enjoyable game to mess around with."
,Recommended,251570,32995376,Posted: 29 June,all,Genie,"Fun zombie survival game like many others. If you are skeptical on how the game plays, you can play Unturned. However this game is more emphasised on base building and defending it against a horde of zombies. The concept of a horde of zombies coming every 7 days is unique. It keeps you busy and balances the days spent on looting and base building.PROS-Great gameplay-Fun with friends-Has mods to keep you playing-Addicting-Good variety of zombiesCONS-Grindy for leveling upex. it takes a lot of grinding to make better tools,-Buggy (most can be fixed by restarting)ex. if chunks are not loaded you fall off the mapcursor disappears-Sometimes luck reliantex. Calipers enables you to craft bullets. You can only loot calipers, you cannot craft it. So if you dont find it, it hindersyou to progress further until you can find it-Can be repetitive and boring for some peopleex. Breaking a gun safe with your stone axe takes forever-Development is slowOverall it is a great experience 7/10"
,Recommended,251570,29047144,Posted: 5 January,all,xSpeaky,Just buy it.
76561198088741933,Recommended,251570,32787292,Posted: 25 June,all,SéiRyu caserandom.com,"I believe that this game is a work in progress, like many people have said before me there are a bunch of stuff that the developers of this game should work on. These large patches do keep players waiting for a bunch of new things that come out and often times the new releases does not meet up to some of the players expectations. Otherwise, I think that this game can become pretty good. If anything I think this game lacks variety of weapons and tools as well as different type of zombies, especially powerful boss type ones.Fun Pimps has a forum where they allow people to make mods and let other players download and utilize them, i think that some of those mods should be implemted to the actual  game so that it can improve the entire gameplay.Overall, if you like survival, zombies, and grinding than i believe that this game is something that people and their friends will enjoy a lot."
76561197964942399,Recommended,251570,29931196,Posted: 14 February,all,Jaggy D'oh!,Mine craft for adults ... and totaly brilliant despite still being in Alpha.
76561198109896247,Recommended,251570,13833707,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,I'm Mr. Meseeks! Look at me!,"Very fun survival game, have had some great times playing it and continue to still"
,Recommended,251570,33471294,Posted: 11 July,all,Dem0nGam3r,"An absolute must-buy for fans of zombies and sandbox/survival/horror/open world games.7 Days is hands down one of the most addictive and fun games I've played. It's one of the few zombie games that mostly does justice to the premise and realizes a lot of potential that zombies have always had for sandbox/survival FPS games. For me it keeps getting closer to the quintessential zombie game with every update.Of course, it is still flawed and unfinished presently (early access), but nonetheless extremely unique and entertaining despite some glaring shortcomings such as lack of endgame challenge and easily duped horde AI mechanics (the old hide-on-a-roof sh*t that's plagued the game since early in development still works in a lot of cases; the devs are aware this is a problem and are planning to address it as well as endgame challenge AFAIK).I get the impression that more and more people seem to be rolling their eyes nowadays at zombie games since it's such an overused theme with so many poor quality and generic titles, but the existence of ones like 7 Days to Die are why I'm glad people haven't given up on making zombie games. It's a game like this that I've been starving for since I became obsessed as a teenager with zombie movies like the Romero classics and 28 Days Later, and more recently The Walking Dead.Thanks for making my dream game, Pimps!"
,Recommended,251570,23573360,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dan Niton,"1. Play this game then keep thinking of walking dead.2. After stopping this game watch walking dead.3. While watching walking dead, keep thinking of this game.4. Stop watching walking dead and launch this game.5. And the cycle goes on and on and on and....."
,Recommended,251570,25095203,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dooflockey,"Looks pretty crappy, and can be very difficult to start, but is really fun with friends."
76561198034585607,Recommended,251570,29244382,Posted: 14 January,all,dash1977,"Quite easily one of the best games I have evere played! AND it keeps getting better..!A realistic survival game, with a huge range of building potential, from wood, iron, steel and concrete structuresI love the fact that the gameplay is so customisable; in terms of Zombie numbers, agression, length of day and night, block durabilityI've been playing for 2 years and it still keeps me entertained"
76561198293278698,Recommended,251570,28313184,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mladyazuka13,Totally in love with this game!
,Recommended,251570,29533634,Posted: 27 January,all,Lovo,Good
76561198147927524,Recommended,251570,26109946,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Twitch/ Sgt_Fluffy_Death,This game keeps getting better with each update. Love the multiplayer.
,Recommended,251570,28534061,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CSupreme71,I love playing with friends on here. Cant wait to see future updates!
,Recommended,251570,22876709,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Awp&&Deag;),"One of the best things I can say for 7 Days to Die that makes it great from the start, is the continous flow of updates and improvements coming from the developers which many games lack especially from the zombie survival game genre. If you enjoy the blend of survival, zombies, crafting, and litterally reshaping the world around you by way of  destructible environments or creating custom buildings from the ground up, this game is a must! The world around you is harsh and filled with many different biomes with its own advantages and problems. For a zombie survival in the alpha stages still, I'd have to say is making significant and outstanding progress. If you would like to see the current progress of 7 Days check out their blog/posts""http://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/"". 9.5/10 Keep out the work!"
76561197970429665,Recommended,251570,25425615,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MooMooCow,I've been playing 7 Days to Die for about 2 years of Alpha. I love restarting fresh upon new releases and experiencing the game again with all of the improvements. 7 Days has come A LONG way and continues to improve. The developers are sharing via social media and actively running through forum posts. These developers are fans of the game themselves and are open to questions/suggestions of fellow players. Thanks Fun Pimps! Now let's go take out some zombies!
76561198215142779,Recommended,251570,26749966,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mr Crusader,"Angielska wersja na dole/English version at the bottom.Bardzo fajna gra typu survival+craftingPLUSY:-ładna grafika,-poziom trudności,-dostępność broni palnej (znikoma),-multiplayer,-duża mapa.-psy :)MINUSY:-zbugowany ekran ładowania,-Cheat mod,-trochę mało broniReasumując 7 dni do śmierci to bardzo fajna gra,w którą naprawdę warto zagrać chociaż cena na steam jest lekko przesadzona co powinienem umieścić w minusach ale mi się nie chciało :DVery cool game the survival crafting +PROS:-nice graphics,-difficulty level,-availability firearms (negligible)-multiplayer,-large map.dogs:)MINUSES:-crashed loading screen,-Cheat Mod,-trochę few weaponsSumming up 7 days to death is a very cool game that really worth playing although the price for steam is slightly exaggerated what I should put in cons but I did not want: D"
,Recommended,251570,26418540,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NiblaNoss #5,"Well for a start i have been playing Dayz alot the real dayz. When the Epoc came to the game well that was awsome you could build a ♥♥♥♥ing base. That was great but well it was kinda strict how you could build. But you could build a relly nice base against other players.But here i 7 days to die , You relly just need your fantasy and you will have a great time. So far i have only been playing PVE in this game i think that enough. For me Dayz its more for PVP and 7 days for PVE. For the 1 week cycle of blood moon and horde system etc etc. Well do you like to build and kill zombies you should try this game out. Been playing like 100 hours on just one base so far. Took over a prison and did a ""upgrade"" on it.10/10 for the building and zombie slaying."
,Recommended,251570,25440202,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ArmyStich,Love this Game! After day 30 it dose get a bit repetive but starting over is always fun!
76561198183016266,Recommended,251570,26376899,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Apache53,"I love the game & do recommend it highly.  I do not mind starting over building a new place, & learning how to biuld better ea. timeI have over 2700 hr's in this game after i replaced my hd  i lost the other 3K hrs :)I wish they would make less rain & more sunWe need redwood ramp frame & clothing boxs"
76561197975459999,Recommended,251570,23955423,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LOZ,"Way better than DayZ, enough said."
76561198165434542,Recommended,251570,26477017,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Joe Bear,One of the best survival crafting games out there. Basically Minecraft for adults.
76561198036971850,Recommended,251570,26510913,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rumplestilskin53,"The A15 pactch really made this game interesting. Keep going back to it every so often due to frequent updates, and devs listening to the community. Great fun!"
,Recommended,251570,26596578,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,NotMartha,"An absolutely phenomenal game. The perfect combination of DayZ, Rust and Minecraft yet with it's own twist on the stereotypical zombie survival games. I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,251570,28653828,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lil Revive,"The gameplay is great. The game is pretty fun, but gets boring if you play solo long enough. I would recommend playing with 2-4 friends. The game is kinda cheap and is a great value for a open world game"
,Recommended,251570,28864038,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dr-QWERTZ,Nice Game
76561198036576272,Recommended,251570,28225305,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Biggus Dickus,"This game is really addicting, especially if you play with a friend. It could use some more content for higher levels though. Worth the try!"
,Recommended,251570,23953339,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ShyGoddess,good game that keep on getting better. love to play it with my feinds.
,Recommended,251570,24003119,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mouse_In_A_Car,My Story of the Game.-Start game-Invite griends-Look for 1 friend that keep running away-Give up and look for other friend-Find eachother-Other friend begs for us to find him-Runs away from us even more-Night time comes-We all die-Repeated process 3 more times.Nothing is more fun than this game.
,Recommended,251570,25067044,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,nuke,"20 dollar game, 190 hours, loved every minute.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,251570,12672185,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,AJ_ᴺᴸ,"After only 21 hours of gameplay, I've got to say this is a very good game, though it is still the alpha version.The entire world is craftable, from grass and soil to buildings and tents, and everything inside them. Sneak past the zombies and zombie dogs, or shoot them with ur crafted weapon for resources they carry. Use a building and reinforce it, or build your own home!The graphics aren't perfect, but the gameplay is: of course you need food and water, but if you don't cook it you'll be sick! Also, don't get: a broken leg, an infection, diarrhea, a bleeding wound, and more...But for every complaint is a solution: bandages, first aid, antibiotics, painkillers, a splint... find one or craft one, the possibilities are (almost) endless!"
,Recommended,251570,30163950,Posted: 25 February,all,Snowman,"I just love this game eventhough it's still on alpha after 4 years.I choose to play it single player and multiplayer although i always stick to single player as i have limited data.Sometimes the noises that zombies produces turns to be really close but they're actually quite far, which creeps me out most of the time, especially during night times."
,Recommended,251570,30269641,Posted: 1 March,all,SilentRob,"Very fun game. Takes time to gather resources. Better played with friends who can watch your back and split up the work. Seems to become a grind though, currently taking a break to play other games."
76561197978362028,Recommended,251570,30352147,Posted: 5 March,all,†<CC>< Energizer,"Wow, All the Things i love in one game.Zombies, Wide world Sandbox, able to harvest and Build, (lots of Explosives,)(wish it had a Flamethrower though)Its a almost perfect, near realistic got to survive Crafting Game.. Good Graphics, Getting better with each patch..Worth the money. and Great to Play with friends or solo offline if you need games like that."
,Recommended,251570,14076185,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mauler ~TGD~,"Fantastic game, just the thing for a TWD fan! been a zombie fan for 30 years, and this game is one of the pinnacles of the apocalypse drama! Love it!"
76561198085773651,Recommended,251570,24509327,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Cybernox Gaming,"Love the game, provides great times online or singleplayer! Worrth the money 100%!"
76561198045662723,Recommended,251570,16605353,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sid_1373,"great game... Developers are good with updates. have 877 hours into it and look forward to another 877. of course there are a few bugs but hey its an early release.. i've seen more bugs on games that where released ""compleat"" and needed 20-30 patches to fix stuff... these guys are good and responding to player response and questions, keep up the great work Fun Pimps.Update.... ok its been a Year.. didnt make it to another 877 hours but i got close.however that said i am saddened. it seems as though the Fun Pimps have lost direction.. updates are few and very far between. I have extrodinary patience but wow. I still play from time to time but 3-5 months between updates is sad.. however i still stand by this game. it really is a fun game and to be honest i bought into the whole NO MANS SKY gimmik. and even in its current state it seems more complete then NMS does as a finished product.ScavangeBuildKill ZombiesRepeat...Game still gets a thumbs up from me..."
,Recommended,251570,13957136,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Myuda,got attacked by 2 hordes that ruined my house i didnt even have time to move my stuff the day after before another horde attacks....10/10
76561198053387824,Recommended,251570,15262037,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Savaged,"Based on a true story, probably, i think, maybe, yeah...A dark night, with stars like chocolate buttons twirling through the fog which is falling, a normal night for the fellow survivors of the safezone which might be safe, but probably isnt, this is 7 days to die after all, with time running out, they expend their stamina reaching the hovel they now call home, a reminiscent of life before the suspiciously similar events of minecraft and the walking dead somehow broke out.  The sound of rabbits being eaten in the distance and pigs getting killed by glitchy chunks have shredded the survivors morale.  As the time reaches midnight the survivors check their rations, only to find that they are down to the last can of peas and their last two pieces of corn, the last of the beer had been stolen by some guy who probably didnt survive the night, This could only mean ome thing, the end is near.As the foggy morning rises over the plains of plainland one survivor notices a pig rummaging around their forging area, and he though to himself, hmm, Bacon.  With his thought he grabbed his Rifle and crossbow, not forgetting his handy knife as he left the warmth and comfort of the shack to track and eat this pig.  He followed its tracks for several miles untill he could get a clear enough shot to kill it, and turn it into bacon, He fires, He hits, and the pig runs off like nothing happened, the Survivor is mort annoyed by this and started spamming crossbow bolts at the pig, which appears to be eating them as the bolts are nowhere to be seen, after several hours of this the pig finally gives in and collapses, But what do you know, there is a growling noise not to far away, the survivor crouches down, edges towards the pig, never bothering to look behind him, big mistake, he harvests his bacon, turns around, and there was a FERAL!!!   Demon zombie with an attitude which wasnt very nice.  An extaordinarily tense batle broke out between survivor and feral which resulted in the feral dropping dead with a hunting knife wedged in its frontal lobe, the feral gave what he got back though, as the survivor was now bleeding out and with a sprained leg, night was aproaching on the infamous day 7 he had heard so much about.He was hobbling, as fast as his now damaged leg would carry him, but he did not make it back to the shack, as the horde of many zombies and death doggies had descended, right across his path, how convienient.  a walking buffet the walkers thought, and decided to run towards our dear survivor, While i would like to say that the survivor fought the good fight, he did not, he screamed and ran like a little B***h and fell off a cliff, along with several dogs and angry bloaters, that was the last they ever saw of the survivor, and the last they ever heard, as his screams carried over the night like an eerie sirenBasically, Yeah, great ganme, 100/9/3"
,Recommended,251570,11753403,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,PLOOK,"7 DAYS TO DIESingle Player review of Alpha 9:If you often fantasise about surviving in a Zombie Apocalypse and you've previously enjoyed the game mechanics of Minecraft, or sneaking around in Oblivion, or wished, that just once, you could tackle a horde of slow walking zombies, pacing slowly but relentlessly toward you, as you try, nervously, for headshots, glancing frantically at the HUD, showing there are only 8 bullets left in the pistol you took from a fallen survivor earlier that day, then this might well be the last game you ever purchase.If you're thinking,I'm sure it won't be quite the zombie fantasy I have,you might well be surprised. I'm amazed at how well the worlds of George A. Romero and 28 days later have been fused. So far I've played the default setting: fast at night, slow during the day. If you want nothing but slow zombies, you can have it; you can choose fast/slow behaviour options before you start your world up. As a big fan of Romero, I was tempted to try 'always slow', but I though I'd give the default setting a go, and it's great. My routine in game involves scavenging/looting during the day, and crafting silently in my unassuming wooden shed by night. I think the zombies are getting more agressive though, or maybe I'm getting more relaxed now that I have some guns; lately, one or two have realised I'm inside and start bashing on the walls all night trying to get me.Rather than annoying, the lack of a save-game function pushes the gameplay stakes way up, you have to commit to every decision and I frequently find myself making choices that other games have NEVER managed to make me take. The construction system is detailed and challenging, without being detrimental to the realism or gameplay; you really feel like you've earned everything you make/loot/find. I keep feeling like I'm discovering something, or learning about the objects that I depend on in game, they're not just throw-away trash, despite piles of trash being where some of the most crucial elements you need, will be found.I get the feeling that there are a few bugs to be ironed out, although it has been a stable experience for me so far and feels like a very-nearly-complete product. I think that the sound needs tweaking, the recordings of nearby zombies are played very loudly and have been recorded very close to the microphone which doesn't quite relate to their distance from you, as such the zombies often seem closer than they actually are, but this certainly hasn't got anywhere near breaking the game for me and should be easy enough to fix. The sound design generally however, deserves credit, the ambient sounds and sound effects could be easily overlooked, but this wouldn't be the great game that it is, if they didn't work as well as they do.I highly recommend this game.TLDR: I'm yet to discover anything that ruins my (very extensive) zombie apocalypse fantasy....   ""Minecraft+28 Days Later+George A. Romero - The Game"" has arrived.Time of writing: Alpha 9 has just been released.Notes: I haven't played Multiplayer, previous versions, or DayZ."
,Recommended,251570,12178250,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Grapist,"If day z and minecraft ♥♥♥♥ed and had a baby, this is that baby."
,Recommended,251570,12378488,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Chris Were,"Very very buggy, although I have had some success with turning the view distance down. Good game, lots of potential but be weary of it's stability until it's left early access."
76561198171441691,Recommended,251570,14989387,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Programme,"I think that this game is one of the best voxel/survival games out there. 7 Days to Die is rich in gameplay; the combination of Minecraft-style building and digging with DayZ's gritty atmosphere and scavenging makes for one heck of a game. And hey, it has its own meat on the table too. Looking closely at the game you can see the devs put a lot of thought and secrets into the game (ahem, Pass n' Gas) and made it a challenge to actually build a sanctuary from the zombies. And yes, it is still in development, so keep your eyes peeled for everything leading to v.1.0.It should be said that this has performance issues on older/less powerful computers, so if you're playing on a laptop expect some awful lag!"
76561197963975438,Recommended,251570,8849785,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Grampybones,"If I was going to boil this game down to one word it would be ""FUN"".Yes its an alpha and it has its share of issues but nothing game breaking at least for me. The graphics are pretty good and the mechanics of the game are much better with alpha 6 than in alpha 5. If your familiar with the game Minecraft than you will be familiar with this game when it comes to the crafting and mining aspects, just the graphics are much better as well as the graphics engine. The new forging system in Alpha 6 make for more realism and some added complexity but its a welcome change for me.Crafting houses, farms, furniture, farming for food, mining for ore and stone, making your own ammo and weapons are what make the game fun. I can only see this game getting better with time. Not sure what is next on the features list but here is a wish list from me.Some basic vehicles(I have a ton of gas and no chainsaw yet. Maybe a horse!. Or just to get around the map faster when you don't want to walk)Ability to make more furniture and household items.(I saw double and queen sized beds as well as lamps)More faming options(more crops, and tools)Fence gates(just can't keep out those pesky critters)More food and crafted food options.Double doors that work(They seem to be inthe premade buildings but thedon't work correctly.)Boss zombies(know they were listed as a coming feature but just stating how much I would like them.)Ramdom Dungeons(Something to explore. Might even be filled with zombies and that zombie boss)Third person view (So I can take a look at myself)Seems F5 does the trick in Alpha 6.Clothes and hats( So I can see myself all decked out. Can you say hunting outfits so I can hang around the abandon hunting lodge)Item slots(For the clothes and hat)The only problem that I can see with the game is that the zombie aspects are fun but at night its pretty much death city because there is no way even at the highest daylight to night time period setting that you can gather enough resources and defend yourself. The zombies are way to aggressive at night and seem to make a bee line right for you even though they can't even see you. Its almost like at night they can sense where you are, even when I was at the bottom of a deep pit. If they would not seek you out then the game would be more playable in my opinion with zombies turned on. Mostly I just play with them turned off which also is a nice feature.Grampybones"
76561198099298194,Recommended,251570,12440417,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Creepkillpop,"Pretty good needs a lot of stuff thoguh like custimizeable players,VEICALS ""i mean really we have all these car parts"",and more weaponswith attachments but pretty good"
76561198062833240,Recommended,251570,8373628,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,If It's Popsicle It's Possible,This is a great game. aAnyone interested in wilderness survival and/or zombie apocalypse should definitely check it out.
76561198037462721,Recommended,251570,16437112,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zedakah,"Day 1 - I'm alone in the snowy wilderness with nothing on me but my underwear. Must of been one heck of a night, but that's over with. I rip what little weeds are around me from the ground, pick up a stone, and punch some shrubbery to make a simple stone axe. From here I can scavenge and forage until I find enough to make some bows and arrows. Night is coming, so I decide to crash into an old semi-abandoned lumber mill...just have to clear out the frozen lumberjacks first...Day 2 - I scavenge the nearby areas for supplies, while honing my skills with a bow and arrow on frostbitten zombies. There's a nice lake with some cabins, and a big hunting lodge in the other direction. I take what I need and crash at the lumber mill. I fortify it a bit to help out at night.Day 3 - A dog bit me and infected me. I will die without antibiotics in roughly 3 days. I need to find them fast. I scavenge some more, but no luck. I board up all the windows to the 2 story house next to the lumber mill and add a shooting platform out back.Day 4 - The infection has spread; I must leave to find medicine. My health is dropping slowly...but dropping. After a while, I stumble upon a holy grail of weapons - the Shotgun store in the frigid wasteland. They must cater to hunters. I manage to find an antibiotic and clear the infection. Zombies are everywhere, but things are looking up. I have weapons to even the playing field.Day 5 - I scavenege for supplies only to come across what looks to be like a small military outpost. It's abandoned except for a few zombies throwing themselves on landmines for some reason. I take all 66 landmines and bring them back home. Suprisingly there were no weapons in the outpost. It was much to open-air for my taste, so I bring everything of use back to my lumber castle.Day 6 - I spend the day gathering supplies to build additions to my wooden fortress. I build a forge, smelt metal and craft better tools and improve my weapons. I place landmines all around my house and dig trenches.Day 7 - An ominous feeling of dread approaches in the morning. I don't want to go out. I don't want to leave my house, so I spend the day adding mazes of wood to herd hostiles into landmines and trenches. This is oddly relaxing, but the feel of dread approaches.Night 7 - I stand on my shooting platform and watch the sun go down over my minefield and oil drums scattered in the snow. If I had a cigarrette, I'd smoke it. I wait, and wait, but nothing happens. Midnight approaches, and still nothing. I am getting on edge each minute, but still nothing but silence. At 3am, I step away from my shooting platform and head for the door to go in when I hear a dog growl. It shrieked in pain as it slammed against wooden spikes below me. I turned around to see 50 zombies running at full speed. Charging through my landmines and blowing their faces off just to make me bleed. I shoot some oil drums nearby and take out about a dozen. Ten more were unfortunate enough to step on landmines. Another dozen impaled themselves on spikes as their undead comrades climbed their bodies to try and reach me. I pull out a shotgun and shoot wildly at any survivors. An hour passes of rampage and carnage, but I survive. My fortress pulled through as well. I pack up everything and decide to move to greener pastures.Day 8 - I am a zombie slayer. I have survived against hordes, dogs, and everything else I have come across. I pack up and leave my lovely winter fortress to explore. I pass through lovely forests, deserts, and some sort of charred ground shooting every zombie I come across. Nothing can stop me. I make it to the ruins of a city and start looking for a good place to set up for the night. I shoot a few zombies, nothing I can't handle. I see a movie theatre that looks pretty fortified, so I break down the doors. More zombies aproach, but I take them out. I break down the doors and hear dogs. One jumps on me before I can get a shotgun blast off. More zombies bang on the doors all around me. I run around the corner and come face to face with 3 more zombies. One shotgun blasts drops all three. Another dog lunged at me and caused me to bleed. I took him down but need to heal or I will bleed out. I run around the corner to the theater room. The emergency exit door busts open and 4 zombies come in. I shoot them and head up the stairs to bandage myself. I can see a dozen rotten bodies slowly approach me from the bottom of the stairs of the movie room. I pull out the bandages and first aid kits from my inventory. The last thing I hear is glass shattering from above me, and a famished shout as undead arms grab me from behind. I didn't have the high ground...TLDR - This game is in alpha stage, but it is extremely fun. The graphics aren't great yet, but I have seen developer posts of really good graphics, so I assume they will be implemented at some point (beta or later). Basically all you need to know if you should buy this game.Do you like crafting and building games like minecraft?Do you like tower defense games?Do you like open world exploration games like skyrim?If you answered yes to all 3, then you will like this game. There will be story lines and npc quests in later updates, but none are in the game so far. That said, this game is very fun even without those things."
,Recommended,251570,17125366,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SoRabo the Awesome,"Why on earth would someone want this game? Allow me to recall an old memory of goofing around with a friend on a private server...It was a dark and stor... ok ok, fine.So there I was, fiddling around in my inventory moving things around and crafting. My ears nearly bleed as I hear DUCK! in a very panicked voice. My only response was, ""What? they added ducks? Didn't see that in the patch notes..."" next thing i knew was a crossbow bolt was in my head. turns out a zombie was right next to me and i was oblivious to it. heh. go figure. so we went around scavenging for usable stuff as always. me and my crossbow bolt hat. i miss that hat."
,Recommended,251570,25729584,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zidger,"I sincerley belive that the devs of this and other survival games have ever actually been outside. My favourite features of this game are 1: Stunned, stunned is a great feature becuase it only seems to work when I'm 10 feet away from the ♥♥♥♥ing zombie 10/10 fun. 2: Overheating, this one is probably my favourite I love being a fresh spawn player in the burnt forest wearing only a pair of shades, a coebo hat, and banndana (-15 insulation) and i'm still ♥♥♥♥ing overheating. Seriously fix/remove this. 3: Bleeding, This isn't really a bad idea but every person in this game have around 700 spikes each and you are bound to walk into them, I have used more health items healing myself from walking out my ♥♥♥♥ing door than actually fighting zombos. 4: Zombie Health, Most zombie games have a rule, shot em' in the head and they're ded. Not this one, there is nothing more immersive than shooting a zombie 6 times in the head with a 9mm pistol 3 feet away from it only for it to fall over, get back up stun you and then get you down to 30 health. This isn't so much a problem later in the game, except for ferals. ♥♥♥♥ing ferals. I get they are ment to be a challange but when it takes 5 ♥♥♥♥ing rockets directly and 20 sniper rounds, it gets kind of out of hand. 5: Loot, I no longer open gun safes. It is not worth it to waste even a little bit of durability and time on opening these ♥♥♥♥ing things that seem to only contain ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistol parts. I have found far far more guns in toilets than I have in gunsafes. The figure is probably around Gunsafe 0, Toilet 15. Before the bombs fell everyone made sure to lock all their gun safes but take out all the guns and throw them in the toiletEven after all that I would still recommend this game, but not for 20 pounds. Buy it on sale idk if it's a beta. These ♥♥♥♥ers seem more intrested in porting this game to console, than actually finishing it. Still fun though, unless you have no friends and then ♥♥♥♥ you becuase u are KOS"
76561198152910514,Recommended,251570,25697605,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,soldierboy0098,"I have been playing 7 DTD since I think Alpha 6 now and felt I should write a review as I really enjoy the game and have seen it grow quite a bit. These are just my opinions and yours may vary but for what its worth here goes. The game is  very playable as is although the weather/body temp can get a little wonky though I have read that they are making some weather adjustments in A 15 which should be out soon. The devs seem to listen to their players and up until recently have released patches pretty often. They have gotten their console versions off the ground and I am sure that has slowed the PC version a bit though I have faith that things will pick up again as they are adding a lot of new mechanics in alpha 15 such as NPC's a new level based difficulty system for hordes and so on. Some of what they are doing has already been added if you use the valmod pack which I really like, there is also a prefab combo pack out that adds a lot of cool buildings to the game. I find this to be one of the better early access games that I have tried as it was playable from the start with only minor bugs and anytime a new patch would come out that brought up a major glitch such as jumping in place and breaking your leg the dev's would fix it pretty quickly. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes to build, slay zombies, or gather resources much like a more modernized mine craft.Pros:Game is very playable as is and is improving still with every patch and new version released.Price is fair for the amount of content.Devs seem to care and listen to the majority of their customers.Updates fairly often. They seem to have the foundation done and are adding in some cool new mechanics and elements.Multi or single player for those of you who want to play with friends or don't want to deal with greifersJust messing with friends can be fun, I have pulled a few Wiley Coyote like pranks that were a blast.Most of the game is pretty mod able just using text editors and isn't that hard to figure out thanks to the community for example if you don't like the heat seeking 7 day hordes you can make it so they don't come and just crank up the wondering hordes and zombies, you can add new recipes pretty easy and so forth so it is pretty customization with a little work.Cons:All the random gen maps I have played seem very boring with only the major city at 0, 0 co ordinates and a few building here or there which some people like and others don't. I call it a con because from what I have tried so far it isn't really adjustable yet or at least not easily.Zombies sound like they are close to you when they are no where in sight which adds to the fear factor but makes it hard to know if it is right behind you or 400 feet away which affects searching, I feel like the sound should fade with distance to be more realistic.Only a few options to adjust the game in the current UI so you have to edit the files by hand for the moment.Body temp is a little wonky right now, I can be naked in a pool of water while fully hydrated and still be overheating.Zombies can also spawn in your base making defenses sort of useless if you make a somewhat large base, I have had them spawn on my rooftop in my garden and so on.Currently missing a class system but that is fixed with the valmodWould like to see:A tool for adjusting block hardnesses possiblyMore UI options to be able to make the game tailored to the individual players liking which would have to do with spawning, Hordes, Random Gen, ect....More pre made maps beside Navesgane ( I am sure this will happen in the future once all the features are in place)More skills in the skill tree (Valmod accomplishes this)Class system with appropriate starting gear and skills (again Valmod does this)More prefabs (Combo pack does this but the devs are adding here and there)Overall I would definitely recommend this game and I don't feel like it will be abandoned half finished as some early access games do, I have never regretted buying this and thank the devs for their hard work."
76561198116140023,Recommended,251570,13710001,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kieša,"It's a great game if you like building, open world, zombie, crafting games.Here are some things that I love about the game:+ Random Generated maps guarantees you a Huge explorable map+ World is fully Destructable (Including Buildings and ground)+ If you get bored of it, you come back to it after a while and get addicted to it again+ Loads of Constructable Blocks+ Loads of House/Building Models+ Creative mode lets you test out items+ Co-Op server is very easy to set up, and FUN! (Click and play)+ Building Physics+ Skill System+ OK weatherAnnnd... some things that I dislike sadly.- Game feels unfinished, I play on ultra and it looks like I'm playing on Low-Medium Settings- I believe this game lacks Optimization- Game feels kinda rough- Game needs more weapons and melee weapons (In my opinion)- MODS are S***. Only good mod is a HUD overhaul, everything else is just bulls***. Example in the steel mod a Combat Knife looks like vanilla Knife, Baseball bat is a wooden club, Fn-Fal is a hunting rifle, ... Minigun is an auger.. rly?? Traps are blocks with went textures on front. Terrible.- Zombies are immortal to water, They don't swim, they walk under it and don't drown, making water bases not a thing in the game.But yeah, good game. I really enjoy it. Hopefully some of the cons go away because the developers are active and release awesome updates, that's another good thing about it."
,Recommended,251570,16730683,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,hemijohn,"As far as Early Access zombie survivor horror games go, this is the king>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Pros+ Voxel based engine, allows you to build/break/dig just like in Minecraft or other Voxel based games+ Large selection of weapons and tools to collect/craft/use+ Single player,LAN Multiplayer, online Multiplayer with PVP and PVE servers+ Two map varients, one of them being procedurally generated- meaning ENDLESS level (++)+ Zombie AI is very good, rarely are they snagged on anything for long+ highly costumizable maps with zombie spawn controls (from LOW through HIGH), difficulty, loot options, and much more+ you can hunt boar, deer, rabbits+ whole towns to get salvage from ( randomly generated in procedural map ) as well as a few cabins, farms, and camps around the rural areas+ level up system+ Motorbikes coming soon<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<Cons- Voxel based limitations, everything structural is almost always Minecraft block sized- Animal AI is a work in progress, sometimes they spin in a circle, in one place- Level up system needs some work- learning curve is long for first timers (ie, your girlfriend), so brief yourself on YOUTUBE with info on the current build's crafting recipesAll in all though, it is a well built early access alpha that the developers are actively working on (*cough*TDL, DAYZ*cough*) that you could easily spend hundreds of hours on and not get bored."
76561198202434401,Recommended,251570,16731869,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Whill.Eye.Em,"7 Days to Die is the perfect example of the generic survival genre, and unlike other titles such as 'Day Z and 'H1Z1'. 7 Days to Die actually includes a steady flow of zombies, and of which are a threat to the player and any other structure and/or establishment they have built alone or with friends. This game captures what many other survival games have failed to execute, a solid crafting and combat system allows the player to feel as if they are in the midst of a real apocolypse. 7 Days to Die, although in need of constant bug fixes, it has a friendly community behind it and a team of tech-perts that are always willing to lend a helping hand to all.7 Days to Die is in my opinion is the best available survival/horror game which is set at a reasonable price. Having been a new-comer to the game I was suprised just how in-depth the crafting system is and how vast the randomly generated worlds really are, filled with nature and resources such as tress, water, wildlife and other commodities.7 Days to Die is my top pick and only (thus far) prefered game in the genre, which is why I highly recommend this game to any fan of the late zombies trend."
,Recommended,251570,16934145,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sgt. Phantom,"Awesome game, keep working hard on the game hoping to see some working cars next update?"
76561198018489980,Recommended,251570,15148156,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Riff,Played it a lil bit - not bad!
76561198042404841,Recommended,251570,16407099,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tony P Jones,"7DTD is a truely amazing zombie apacolypse game, and each update makes me want to play it more.  Build your own houses with what i would call construction physics, bad spacing and bad supports means wasting resources, which makes it all the more challenging. Difficulty has range of casual gatherer, to RUN FOR YOUR LIFE.  Even some items your can scavenge/make have quality values.  Only thing that makes me mad is that the people dropping off items for me have a plane, but yet they cant pick me up to take me away from the zombie infested lands."
,Recommended,251570,16432331,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Code-Red,"For an alpha, its interesting. The difficulty is appreciated, but there isnt enough to do. I've read all sorts of Wiki's about Beginning-Mid-Endgame content, but I achieve most of that in roughly 4 hours. Auger, chainsaw, SMG, tons of ammo, you name it. The map is barron and the towns are too small.It's basically a basic realistic Minecraft with zombies and guns. It has lots of potential, though it's got a long way to go. Thankfully it seems the developers are quite active AND attentive."
,Recommended,251570,17001516,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,neddread,"Based on single player game.This game has improved no end since the early versions. With a new engine and smoother look to the world and a much improved game performance that came with it makes this now a very playable survival zombie mash. Still no real game direction, but there is so much to craft and build and dig and loot that it doesn't really need one yet.The mining aspect is deep and realistic with physics cave-ins without support and one of the largest crafting menus ive seen in a sandbox survival. The terrain is massive with different biomes, desert,forest,snow etc and is constantly spawning zombies, and if you hear a lot of footsteps in the distance, then you got yourself a hoard coming your way.Large towns with large buildings to explore and loot (there is a lot of loot) gives the game a feeling that your always doing something.I've seen some negative reviews about the new look and feel since recent updates and I can only think this is a multiplayer issue because I think the game has never played so good.Not so regular but meaningfull updates fill me with hope that this project will make it through EA to a final release.8/10----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE 16/4/16Outstanding updates have polished the whole look and feel of the game with brilliant new UI and crafting and a very realistic look to the world now.News is it is coming to consoles which does not surprise me as it really is polished now.Good job. This EA title came through.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,14001090,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Zen,"Many years ago, someone gave me a trial disc for World of Warcraft. I was given this verbal warning - ""Call your friends and family, and tell them if they don't hear from you for the next 6 months, don't worry, you're not dead, you're just in another world.""If you buy this game, Call your friends and family, and tell them if they don't hear from you for the next year, don't worry, you're not dead, you'll respawn on your bedroll.There are still some pretty severe glitches. On a multiplayer server, if you face the direction that most of the other players online are, you'll lag if your machine isn't top notch. Frequently the campfire and forge will glitch, and not consume fuel, or allow you to cook, frequently everything you're trying to cook or forge will vanish into the ether.Rarely when repairing a tool, the tool will vanish into the ether.The Easy Anti-Cheat is apparently a joke, a friend recently had his base destroyed by someone flying around with a rocket launcher, we're starting our own server because the game really is about surviving, and helping your fellow man.The zombie hordes will teach you what it means to be afraid to be outside after dark. The crafting system is amazing, you can craft all kinds of things, and even though you may know what you want to do, it could take you a week of real time to accomplish it.In the base Navezgane map, there are so many places to explore, things to find, zombies to slay. It will keep you on your toes, and you'll keep coming back for more, and more and more.I won't give you a pros list, I'm only taking a break from playing it because of item #1 on the cons list.Cons:#1 People are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.#2 if Friendly Fire is on, people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.#3 People are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.#4 Crafting in Forges or Campfires frequently makes you lose all your mats.#5 Sometimes when underground, the world will glitch and you're on the surface.#6 You haven't bought this game yet.In closing, buy the game, play the game, and don't be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just because you can. Most people are pretty helpful and will happily share what they have to help you."
76561198051192704,Recommended,251570,15742029,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,raiders5000,"Based on 86 hoursPatch Alpha 11.4I have to update my review. The last one was based on 30 hours of gameplay. That might've been when the game was at Alpha 5, 6 or 7.This is for you, the reader & gamer; NOT the devs!You are probably looking to invest time in a survival game. There are plenty out there, including ""Survival: Postapocalypse Now"" selling for $4.99 at the time of this post. It doesn't matter cause you will NOT find a better, more complete survival gameplay experience, IN ALPHA for that matter, anywhere out there today.- 7DTD now uses the Unity 5 game engine. Depending on your system, the graphics are fabulous. Even when running at any setting less than HIGH or ULTRA. Excellent framerate and control responsiveness.- The gameplay has really been expanded. The zombies behave like zombies but they aren't totally out of control or spamming wrecklessly all over the game ruining your experiences. That doesn't mean they aren't tough, though. They can be hell to deal with at times. Very challenging encounters will be had.- The crafting system is much better than most. Items are abundant in 7DTD, BUT, the crafting system is where this game is shining. You will have access to a host of recipes from the offset; however, you will gain more recipes from exploring the huge map (more on that later). You can craft weapons, armor, food, health kits, supplies, housing materials, tools, resources, resoucres for other resources, booby traps, mines, smithing items...the works.- Your character can level up based on a lot of things like: killing, cooking & eating, or just surviving over a period of time; meaning the day and night cycles. I still haven't quite figured that part out yet but i'm sure you'll find it in the Wikis.- THE MAP! Oh god, the map. This map is huge. The devs have done an excellent job of making a world in which it will literally take FOREVER to explore everything. You will come across stuff to explore almost at every third step. There is trash on the sides of the road, in the road, on the road, in the woods, in the desert, in the snow, in the buildings, on the hills, by the river bed...there is a chance to loot and find USEFUL stuff all the time. There are cars to loot, buildings to loot, graveyards to loot, zombies to loot, chest to loot, backpacks to loot, purses to loot, suitcases to loot, gunsafes to loot, camping grounds to loot, dead half eaten bodies to loot, ruins to loot, dead animals to loot....- At the time of the review, we can only hunt deer, rabbits and pigs. They make for good eating and supplies. They help boost your character level as well. The only downside is that I can't craft a head mount for my walls. I would luv to be able to kill a deer, loot its head, and craft a trophy mount for my wall. There was a post somewhere that said the game will add bears. I hope they add moose, wolves, bobcats, badgers and mountain lions too. And add that freakin' wall mount to the crafting system.*** But lets talk about what you came here for: the gameplay. When Unity 5 was introduced, I died a lot. They made the game more difficlt at the beginning by making early craftable tools weaker. By dying so much, I had to change my tactics. Now that I'm used to it, I find the gameplay much better this way. It forces me to explore the environment in search of better loot, weapons and resources to craft.Speaking of dying, as bad as it is to have to start over, the good thing is the random starting position you're subjected to if you have NOT made a home base. Without my bed roll, I could die in one place and respawn a world away in another place. Oh, don't worry. Everything I had in my backpack and on my belt is still in the place I died. I just have to get there. Sometimes that would take 7 days and nights, I kid you not.So I have a choice: pick up loot and start another backpack or not touch anything and try to get back to MY backpack. Or I can place a waypoint on the backpack and start a new backpack. So if I die again, I'll know where both backpacks are. But that's neither here nor there because what I want to share with you is what happened when I respawned.+ One time I respawned in a rural area on the side of the road. I made a trek toward my last backpack and ran across this HUGE factory. I never saw it before and didn't know it was in the game. Of course, I had no weapons, no armor nor clothes of any kind, and a crap load of zombies alerted to my presence. I'll be back!+ I respawned in a field of tall grass. After running for my life, I came across this large campsite. While still running from zombies during the twilight of the day-to-evening cycle, I blow up. As I'm waiting to respawn, I'm asking myself, ""What the hell just happened?""++ On the very next respawn, I went back to the place I blew up. By now it is completely dark and the zombies are in their night time frenzy. I get close to my back pack and ""KABOOM"", I blow up again. Okay, now I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥!+++ New respawn during the evening. Crouched down, didn't move, and waited for daylight. Made my way back to the land of death...and my two backpacks. Well holy ♥♥♥♥! Found out why I died twice without a zombie touching me. This ain't no ""campsite""! It's a military bivouacing installation heavily protected by a huge mine field. Again, something I had NO IDEA was here! So now zombies are chasing me. Fine. I maneuver in such a way that they perish to beautifully orchestrated explosions across the early morning skyline. Now, lets get down to business! :)As I sign off here, I'm on my way to retrieve another backpack that has all my armor and other goodness I need to correlate with the goodness I just looted. No spoilers!!!In short, I not only recommend 7DTD; I encourage you to try it for yourself. I thought about getting The Forest & Project Zomboid among other titles. To be honest, nothing holds a candle to 7DTD. There are so many things to do that never get accomplished by the time the next patch is rolled out. It took me a realtime week to loot out a town of about 16 different buildings. I looted several houses, a few garages, a gas station, store, a school and a couple of municipal buildings. The next week, I strolled down the street and found an even bigger neighborhood. If you really want something to invest in, to cure that bordem, to find an ultimate survival gaming experience; I say place your bets on this thoroughbred. Your own experiences will be better than ANYTHING you find on videos OR reviews!"
,Recommended,251570,16400733,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sizo,amazing. great craft engine. great fun with friends.
,Recommended,251570,16882478,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,DRAGONOFTRUTH,"Minecraft, Dayz and Dying lights child, with fully destructible environments♥♥♥♥ing awesome game, can't wait until they add more vehicles, nighttime is scary as ♥♥♥♥, the new update makes the zombies a threat even in daytime, but they carry a bit more loot in return, the randomly generated world can get weird sometimes (A road leading to a mountain then splitting off towards both peaks?) but its fairly realistic nonetheless.10/10"
76561198186800041,Recommended,251570,16884796,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,joeroach30281,it really is an awsome game but i play on a macbook pro and its been handling it just fine but on this new update the messed my stuff up i cant see any kinds of buildings or any blocks that ive place cause they all just apear as black blocks and there is a hugeeee ring around me where its solid blacks the sky out i love the game i really do but for the love of god please fix this the one day im off and i cant play my favorite game dont make me go back to minecraft
76561198079435942,Recommended,251570,16926223,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Baljeet Tjinder,A great game about surviving in the zombie apocalypse with destructable environments. Bscially minecraft with a ton more zombies
76561198012599208,Recommended,251570,16487100,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,HAYL1311 [1upz],"You definitely have to play this game...I recommend this game to any fan of the Zombie-Survival genre. In my opinion, this title blends some of the best elements of games like Fallout, Stalker, No More Room in Hell and Minecraft. There's just a little bit of everything for everyone!I would give it an 8 out of 10 on it's current state just because of some small performance issues. There's many work to be done, but if this is how it plays unfinished, I seriously can't wait for the final product.Congratulations, Fun Pimps. Thank you for a fantastic game. You are doing AWESOME!"
76561198166330891,Recommended,251570,16885435,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Rehx,"Pros-Lots of content-Fairly friendly community-Both singleplayer and Multiplayer are equally enjoyable-Dedicated developers who are constantly improving the game and fixing bugs-Is a great game despite being another ""ZOMBIES, CRAFTING, SURVIVAL, EARLY RELEASE""-Being a owner of most alpha zombie survival game out right now, this is probably the most realistic one you can buy-The player can make the game as easy or hard as they wish-Many different ways you can approach aspects of survival in-game-Tons of fun-Is well worth what you pay forCons-Multiplayer is not as active as I would have expected, as most choose a random generated map for their server. Therefore in most cases, it's almost impossible to encounter other players.-DOGS ARE OP AF-In order to craft some things in-game you have to find books that tell you how to craft them. This meaning, progressing in-game can be a pain if you are unable to find certain crafting recipies.Somethings to note-I didn't include any cons or pros about bugs because hell, it's still an alpha game so duh there will be some flaws and bugs.-The cons listed where things I personally thought were annoying but none of them came EVEN CLOSE to ruining the game for me.-This is a great game. I suggest playing with friends. I feel as if the game makes the player feel deep within the game.-Lastly, if you are trying to decided between other Early Access zombie survival games such as: DayZ, WarZ, Nether, etc. and this game? CHOOSE THIS GAME. You will be glad you did."
76561198063354285,Recommended,251570,31261862,Posted: 20 April,all,[RiM]nutritional,I hope this game lasts forever.100% replayabilityIm over 100 hours in and Im still finding new builidings and adventures to engage in.This game is fantastic
,Recommended,251570,31333882,Posted: 23 April,all,Fraggle,"I have sat here and written 3 different reviews...  Pages worth...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to that!!.Its in Alpha...  But its Totally worth playing.BUT keep in mind, ""Zombie Horde Survival""...  Not ""Rambo Zombe Killing Fields""....Oh, and be prepaired for the learning curve and remeber...  Cork your bumb-hole every 7 days...  things can get Fu**y!"
,Recommended,251570,13952873,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[Pwny]AUNTY BUTTFUCKER #DOGE,"20 hours in and I'm still just barely getting the hang of it, this game has a lot of depth and a lot of content. This game feels very polished and doesn't feel like an early access, though the optimization could use some work. The devs are very active and this game has grown a ♥♥♥♥♥on since when I first played it."
,Recommended,251570,29287479,Posted: 15 January,all,Gamboh,"7 Days to Die is a content-heavy, co-op focused, zombie survival game.For those who like to build and craft in their zombie games, and who also have at least one dedicated friend to play it with, this game is a must-have.The default world map is quite large, featuring a number of different biomes and a wealth of opportunities for scavenging. Exploring the world itself is an exciting and dynamic experience. Smashing through the walls of a house in order to raid it for goods is always very satisfying.Every block can be destroyed. All blocks are subject to gravity and without support will collapse into heaps of trash. This is a GREAT feature and works very well. Zombies can damage and destroy structures, slowly digging holes through your base.You can dig hundreds of feet down into the ground, minecraft-style. Every bit of terrain in the entire game is a fully-realized, voxel-based solid mass that can be destroyed or otherwise harvested. It is very impressive, and only paralleled by minecraft itself, a game with much less fidelity.Constructing massive castles out of steel and concrete and surrounding them with huge, menacing death-moats is always a lot of fun. All the better if your walls and structures are bristling with deadly spikes!Hiding from zombies works quite well, depending on zombie difficulty settings. If you don't like to stay tied down, you can totally live the life of a roaming scavenger.The Long Game here generally ends up being to construct your own fort knox; a place to store your riches and craft goods into bullets, with which to slaughter zombies. It is a LOT of fun to be powerful in 7 Days to Die, and a real challenge to get there.I enjoyed my time with this game, but there are a couple of things that prevent me from coming back. I'll list some of those here:-Instead of defending your home on blood-moon nights, or during other large raids, you can just leave the place and huddle in a shack somewhere for safety. Zombies are attracted by noise, constructions, and lights. Zombies also only spawn near players. So if there are no players near noisy, attractive features, there will be few zombies.-There is an XP and leveling system that encourages you to engage in repeated, menial tasks so you can be more successful at important things. The end result being that my friends and I often spent a lot of time crafting hundreds of useless items and throwing them into a pit, just to level our skills. The skill XP system encompasses everything you do in the game. This includes: Smashing down objects like doors and walls, mining, digging, shooting, running, healing, crafting quality, and the amount of damage you deal with each and every individual type of weapon in the game, seperately.-The aforementioned XP system is tied to a specific character, in a specific map save. If you try to bring this character to a new map, or to a friend's game or server, their stats will be ZERO anywhere other than where they were created. Considering how long it takes to level up, and how pitifully impotent a level 1 character is, this is a major problem.-You will spend the first major portion of the game grinding up your Archery skill, and then find very quickly that when you run out of arrows, you are completely helpless. Melee requires a huge amount of grinding in order to be effective (and is EXTREMELY dangerous to attempt.) Firearms are rare early on, and not a viable option until well into a playthrough. It's generally going to take you more than ten hours to get together what you need to START crafting bullets. As a result, a practical player will inevitably fall into shooting thousands of arrows at zombies. This makes my next point especially important:-Archery feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Considering just how much if it you have to do, one would expect shooting zombies with arrows to be fun and engaging. It is not. The animations are stiff, the bow is ugly, and the arrows completely disappear in flight, making it extremely difficult to judge distance and trajectory. Zombies do not have a visual response when hit by arrows, and it takes MANY arrows to dispatch even basic enemies. I personally had such a hard time figuring out whether I was even hitting more distant enemies, that I entirely gave up on archery, and struggled for hours to grind up my melee abilities to a usable level.tip: Rust and Skyrim are a couple of examples of good archery in games.-There are a few items that sort of 'gatekeep' the late-game crafting. Before you can make bullets, guns, and some other mechical objects, you'll need to find tools. These tools are very rare, and force you to go out and scour the countryside. Those who prefer to stay at home and play the stationary survival game (such as myself) will inevitably end up struggling with this. The drop chance for the tools is VERY low. My buddy and I looked for these tools for an embarassingly long time. We checked the wiki, read the discussion board, talked to a few people and generally gamed-it to maximize our chances of finding the tools. It still took us a FEW whole days of IRL playing this damn game to find the stupid things. Upon finally recieving them, I was so angry that I didn't even want to play  anymore. Recent patches have made the tools more common than previously, but they are still too rare for my taste."
,Recommended,251570,30736830,Posted: 25 March,all,Aerthael ₪,Grafikleri iyi ama donmalar olmuyor
,Recommended,251570,30345178,Posted: 5 March,all,MSG Osborne,Excellent game.
,Recommended,251570,16413363,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Azarius Ryan,"Well to be honest, I think this game is going on a very good direction considering the Alpha 16 contents, so far it's still on unstable build but wow, it included pretty much alot of things that makes the game much more immersive and scarier than ever. It's a game that might be in a long developement time but, I guess it's sometimes a good thing that they still are adding new contents into the game rather than DLC. Much recommended and aside from the optimization problems and Alpha bugs, it's such an amazing game after all, it's one of my first Steam games that I felt like worth the money the most."
,Recommended,251570,16416434,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,zEv,"10/10 would buy this1.Zombies2.Zombies3.Troll your friends by blowing their houses4.Zombies5.Go mine , and then die6.Zombies7.It s fun to play with friends and building a house and after protecting it8.Zombies"
76561198058782597,Recommended,251570,16389497,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Casual Rucksack Guy,This game has come along way from what it was at the release date which is good because it shows how much The Fun Pimps are working to make this game more and more entertaining. For the hours you get out of this addicting game it is worth the $ especially with the steam sale going on right now.
76561198027687603,Recommended,251570,16392417,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Idky,"Super enjoyable to far. I don't have a gaming pc but this game still runs great on my comp. Multiplayer is a ton of fun with a friend. Didn't plan on getting anything this Steam Sale but I am very glad I picked this one up. Good work dev team, keep it up!"
,Recommended,251570,16392069,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ƸSàVáGƷ,"Awesome! Playing this with the wife. It has everything. I get to run around and fps, while she SIMS and Skyrim crafts it up. Day one I'm foraging come back basicly naked, no health left, proud of the blueberries I found and she has already made a weapon and armor and fortified a potition for the night. Multiple ways to play, but a for sure survival experience. Creapy, fun, great duo experience. Died so many times in unique and interesting ways. PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,251570,29549201,Posted: 28 January,all,Jasper,Fun to play with friends.
76561198071228303,Recommended,251570,15149550,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,filski,this game is literally blech monsters puking at you i would reccomend to everyone
76561197976177779,Recommended,251570,26060786,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,parkland27,"I EXTREMELY love this game because it suit's me in my thinking of a better game. 7 days to die. is the best apocalypse zombie survival game! image this. ""7 days to die never existed"" are to think but in reallity it is truly shocking, more then when someone passes away and you never see them again."
,Recommended,251570,14093003,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Big Merry Jeffery,"While this game may not be the most graphically pleasing (they've actually made it look much better than it did before)this game has pretty much ruined all of the other survival zombie games for me.It's similar to minecraft in the sense that the world is never ending (if you set up the server like that) and it's voxel based so the whole entire game world is destroyable.It did take me a little bit to get used to the whole crafting system of the game but as with most games that have crafting involved, it doesn't take too long to learn what you are doing.Setting up a private server for my girlfriend and I was extremely easy and we had a blast.The game really has a 3 part system to it going as:Beginning:You are just starting out, having just a can of food, water, and some bandages. It's an intense struggle to survive but usually the most fun.Middle: You have a somewhat decent base that'll keep you relatively safe during the night and getting food/water isn't as bad as it once was.End game: You have a pretty OP base, more than enough food/water to survive for quite awhile, many guns, loads of ammo, and you are pretty well off on gear. (This is the least fun part of the game for me)The game was a blast while just playing PVE with my girlfriend, however if you enjoy PVP then you won't be let down by this game either. Playing on a pvp server is filled with suspense. One second a guy who's naked says he is friendly, the next he is trying to chop your head off with an axe just so he can jack your stuff.The game has a ton of playability, there was only one VERY SMALL bug that I ever encountered while playing and it wasn't even close to game breaking, and the developers are actively adding new stuff to the game.7DTD is definitely worth the $25, however you can find it on♥♥♥♥♥for like $8-9 if you would like to save quite a bit of money.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,17056484,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Scotty,"This is quite possibly the best game I have ever played. I am a zombie apocalypse fanatic and this game absolutely delivers on all aspects of that scenario. From crafting and fighting, to survival and building, there really isn't much that this game is missing. It has a few bugs, but any early access game will be that way. Sit back, enjoy the ambiance, and prepare to DIE!"
76561198100365207,Recommended,251570,16397062,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,meleejones,Great game. if you have time to kill.
76561198222751704,Recommended,251570,26340067,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Anton_Boothby,"This is the most immersive and atmospheric game I've played in my 35 years as a gamer.  It's powerfully bleak, brutally difficult, and relentlessy addictive (120+ hours in less than 3 weeks, and I have a job and family and stuff!) I've actually developed a new medical condition calledGoosebump fatigueafter prolonged exposure to it.It took me some time to decide to buy it; not so much because of the cost, but as it's been in alpha for 3 years - too often it seems 'Eary Access' is an excuse for a developer to abandon a half-finished product.  This appears to be an excepetion to the rule, in that it seems the devs want to get the mixture perfect before tidying up the rough edges (which are minor and rarely break immersion).So in conclusion - highly recommended."
,Recommended,251570,14129022,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,noname,"Игра неплохая, но количестве багоюзеров и просто неадекватных людей зашкаливает. Если вам дороги свои нервы не покупайте эту игру, если купили играйте на собственных серверах с паролем. Wallhack не могут починить уже 4-5 релизов спустя, физика игры видимо это не позволяет сделать... Исправили."
76561198013755720,Recommended,251570,16490737,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ramshackle Glory,7 nights of dying again and againbut i still have a blast each time i do
,Recommended,251570,33326178,Posted: 6 July,all,WookieTiddy,"TL:DR-Possibly one of the most engrossing survival-crafting games I've played. I worry about the development of it thoughThis game is exceptionally un-intuitive, but one of the deepest survival crafting games I've ever played. I have played it since the early days, when you could craft by placing objects in a grid (like minecraft) and the stuttery graphics were terrible enough to bother me, the lag in-game was enough to make you rage, and death was all but certain unless you got extremely lucky.With the updates since then, it has become amazing. Multiplayer is SO much fun (esp. with mics) and I haven't spent as much time in a multiplayer setting as I have in this game recently. I'll play and play and play and suddenly it's 3AM. I love it.One caveat. This game has been ""early access"" since 2013, and ""Alpha"" for probably Half of that time.Given that progression, it'll be another 2 years till Beta, and probably another 2 till ""Full"" release.Honestly I don't know what the Devs are doing and why they're taking so long to figure out their vision for this game. That's what bothers me the most. I can't find a full run-up of what they want this game to be. How will we know when it's done? When will it be a ""Full"" release?Anyways. Great game, just unsure about it's future."
,Recommended,251570,33419235,Posted: 9 July,all,SilencedDuality,"Installed the latest_expiremental and, after playing Rust, this game takes the cake!  Post-apocalyptic has never seen as gritty before and the sheer amount of what can be done in game is very well thought out.  UI is simple and easy to navigate while the ""zombies"" appear to be extremely diverse as well.PROs:Expansive worldDiverse castPlayer Leveling & SpecializationCONs:Still in Pre-releaseOverall, if you want to run around solo or in a group set in the post-apocalyptic open world settings of today's most popular games then 7 Days to Die should be your only stop."
,Recommended,251570,26323183,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Juzzy,"As of this Review, i have only played 5 or 6 hours of the game. That felt like about 30 minutes, This has been the first game in years that has taken me out of reality and i have so much fun and not even realize its been 5 hours. This game is beyond amzaing.HOWEVERI strongly reccoment playing with ATLEAST 1 friend, with other people. this game is the funnest thing ever created. its challenging, really fun, so much exploration, the achievements are great!"
76561198032937504,Recommended,251570,30348518,Posted: 5 March,all,bemis21,"2 Hours into the game and here is my review.Overall: I like the concept and I found the atmosphere truly frightening, the sounds the zombies make, the difficulty seeing them and ambient music is quite terrifying at times. I would recommend this game if you like the concept and you are willing to support the developers financially. However the games is alpha, and quite early alpha it seems. Therefore below is a list of things I think the developers should work on as a priority.1) Movement and combat mechanics: the way you move and fight is very reminisent of games like fallout 3, it is clumsy and slow, this is bad with mouse and keyboard and terrible with a controller. I think they should improve this first as it will massively improve the enjoyability of the game.2) The inventory and crafting UI and management system: This again is tedious and slow to use and as it is necessary to use it alot it becomes a little tiresome.3)The game textures: They are pretty low resolution even on ultra setting, I think that this game could do with some major update to the quality of the textures.Final Remarks: I think developers get a little hung up on adding new content when they should focus on the game mechanics and how fluid the movement and combat feels.This game certainly requires attention in this area. If I were to score the game from 0 - 10 I would give it a 7 at this stage in development."
76561198025693876,Recommended,251570,31342588,Posted: 24 April,all,JodoKirvanti,"I am loving this game! I bought it back in 2015 during the Steam Summer Sale. I played for about an hour before giving up. It was not very intuitive, had no direction, and was really tough. Recently, after searching for a game that would have similar features to Fallout 4's base building mechanics and defense, I was referred to this game. I came back and gave it a second try... and I love it! I'm addicted and want to play every day. It doesn't feel like an early access game anymore and you can lose several hours quickly to playing this game. I highly recommend it. It could still use a better tutorial on all the features, and there is plenty of room for improvement, but I would gladly pay the current full price if I didn't already own it."
,Recommended,251570,28390748,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dominic,"RECENT PATCH NEWS----The game is running SO smooth for me. 140 FPS with normal settings on top of a gigantic mountain. Frame rate tends to drop with hordes down to ~60FPS or so. Very dependent on location.END RECENT PATCH NEWS----A beautiful voxel-based game with fantastic exploration and difficulty.Yes, yes. I can hear you complaining already. ""ANOTHER Zombie survival game. With blocks. UGH. How over-done. How over-cooked.""Well - This game is like having a delicious Honey Baked Ham for Thanksgiving instead of the same old Turkey.Let me explain why. First I will do pro's then con's, with each divided into cute sections.PROS:---Base Building...Or not?---Would you like to build a complex and intricate base designed to have layer after layer of fallback points? You can create a home from scratch or upgrade/modify a prefabricated structure in a city, town, or random structure in the wild.What about deciding to live in a cave? Or create your own cave? Digging in the ground may be a long process in the early game but can be very rewarding in terms of protection and stability!Or would you like to remain a nomad, running/driving from town to town? Collecting valuable recipes while carrying only the essentials on your back and bike.---What about those zombies?---During the day they walk. During the night, you just die.Yep. The zombies walk during the day and full-blown sprint at you during the night. My God is it scary.Unlike many, many, many other zombie games (Looking at you Project Zomboid) the zombies actually increase in threat the longer you are alive. The zombies scale in difficulty depending on the higher level you are, the longer you have survived, and  the better equipped you are. This creates game-play that keeps on giving as you aren't simply ""Good to Go"" once you grab your first good weapon.7 Day Horde: Every 7 days a 'feral' horde attacks the player. The horde is scaled by players and the factors mentioned above. These hordes are set on messing you, and your pretty base, up. The first 7 day horde is fairly easy, and then they just keep getting harder and harder. Which means more zombies and different types of zombies.---Leveling System---The leveling system. It may resemble Sky-Rims(? I can't verify that). The more you do an activity the higher skill you get for said activity. The more you shoot a zombie in the face with a shotgun means the higher in skill level you are with shotguns. What's that? You are only level 10 in shotguns and want to be level 50? Well little Timmy, your character level is 30 and you have 60 unspent skill points - so you can just dump those points into 'Shotgunning' to reach the level you want. This game has a good number of skills to choose from, which makes MP so much more fun as each player can choose to specialize if desired.Personally, I really enjoy the aspect of being able to specialize. I frequently dump all my points into looting so I am a looting machine but not the best fighter.---Looting System---This game is centered around looting. Loot loot loot. There are even perks to get faster looting and higher quality loot. This game has a quality system and any item with quality can be from 0-600. This makes looting fairly fun when you find a nice quality 250 hammer to replace your quality 50 hammer. You can also just dump points into looting if you want to find better stuff earlier.---Map---*Technically* the worlds are infinite but are capped at 10,000 Meters (I believe it's meters). The good news is that this is easily changeable in the config files of the game...something I will get to later.Even with that the randomly generated maps are beautiful. They are NOT the most realistic but they are fun and exciting to traverse with many biomes to explore. Each biome can offer a host of unique zombies and structures to loot. Some biome (Wasteland biome) is essentially a death trap for only higher level players to explore.If you get tired of the random gen worlds you can play on Navezgane. Navezgane is a custom made map that has a good amount of detail and interesting locations.---Food, Farming, Hunting, Cold, Hot, and WELLNESS---Of course, with this being a survival game there is much to worry about besides just your Health Points.This game has a 'wellness' feature that punishes dying. What is wellness?Wellness is considered your base HP and Stamina points. You start of with 100 HP/Stamina and you lose ~10 for dying, to a minimum of 60. However, if you take care of yourself you can increase your wellness to 200 as well.Taking care of yourself means staying warm or cool. Staying full with food and hydrated. Not suffering concussions often and not lighting yourself on fire. There are many ways to obtain food such as farming, hunting, and scavenging and I have found a combination is needed until way LATE game.---Guns and vehicle parts---It is possible to find complete guns, but can be rare. This game actually has a parts system. As in, every gun is made up of parts (Gun barrel, stock, etc, etc). Each part dictates a certain quality of that gun such as the firing speed/distance, damage, etc. This makes owning a gun an interesting concept as you are constantly looking for new and better parts to make your gun better. This also applies to the mini-bike. A better engine means a faster bike. Better tires means a better turning radius.---Multiplayer---Co-op Multiplayer, in my opinion, is where this game really shines. Nothing beats the team-work of friends destroying zombies together. Hunting together. Farming Together. Building a base together. If you have a friend or two to play with, I would heavily recommend this game.---Easy to change settings---This is my favorite. This is what has kept me playing for so long. You can change SO MUCH about this game. Do you not like that zombies run during the night? Well then you can simply make them walk all the time. Do you want the in-game days to be a real 24 hours? (Why would you?) You can do that to. Do you want loot abundance to be at 20%? Or block durability to be at 50% You can do that! There is so much to edit. And that is all in-game changes.I personally decided to make the random-gen worlds generate to 40,000 meters and doubled the size of the biomes. Then I quadrupled the size of the towns and cities. Now there is so much to explore and fight in it is insane!Okay let's move onto the con's.CONS:---FPS Struggles---One change I had to do was to use a program to remove EVERY light from every Prefab in the game.Lighting in this game causes FPS issues like no other (I am not sure if this has been fixed or not).So, I edited the game to have MASSIVE towns. Well, with these towns I would get like 20 FPS. After removing all light sources it went up to 80-90 FPS. That is crazy.I recommend everyone mess with the graphic settings to get a stable frame-rate. It doesn't matter how strong your machine is you will not run this game consistently with all settings maxed out.---Glitches or Annoyances---There are glitches for sure. I have yet to see any game-breaking bugs in the recent versions at all.Some of the most annoying bugs I've encountered:1) Zombies can glitch through the player when sprinting - making it difficult to use melee2) If the zombie attack distance is not change via config files, zombies seem to attack too far.3) The player's attack distance is not well broadcasted and takes time to learn.4) Editing things like town sizes/biome sizes takes a lot of time and patience to learn the system.5) Building on a cliff makes it difficult for zombies to get to you, until they chew through the mountain.--RNG Start---Due to the randomness in this game. You may just get screwed 5 minutes into spawning. Or you may not...this can be a huge frustration for some people.---Update Glory---Sometimes the updates to the game are VERY buggy and take a week or two to get fixed. So be careful of the updates..."
,Recommended,251570,29042904,Posted: 5 January,all,Tigizoo,"Love this game.  It reminds me of an adult zombie version of minecraft survival but better.  Very addictive and fun to play.  If you are looking for a zombie survival crafting game that you want to play solo or with friends, then look no further.  This is your game and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,251570,13719975,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,=LCG= MD Killer,"WOW, I never thought a game would keep me entertained as long as this one has. Granted it's still Aplha as of this review, and updates can wipe out what you've built. You get to start fresh and learn different ways to build and design your world, and protect yourself from Zombies! I love this darn game!2 years later, and I'm still loving this dang game. Highly recommneded!"
,Recommended,251570,26189592,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,AO|[FP]noobanot,Best Survival Horde Crafting game on steam with great hardworking devs that listen to the comunity.
,Recommended,251570,30322495,Posted: 4 March,all,[☯] Namali,"Really good game. All the negative reviews are from minecraft players who think the game is ""too hard"" topkek."
,Recommended,251570,27602135,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DraciuZ,I cant stop playing this gameeee
,Recommended,251570,13771597,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dewguru,"For me, 7 Days to Die is the most enjoyable open world survival based game I've played. Compared to others such as Space Engineers and The Forest, 7 Days to Die maintains a good balance of stress and pressure to keep progressing.My only bad experience with the game was when I had my computer hosting a public multiplayer game. A new arrival said hello, then within minutes was sniping players left and right. I got the drop on him and after an insane amount of rounds, killed him. He didn't drop anything, and within moments of my wondering if his backpack just glitched away, he sniped me. The only possible explanation anyone could come up with that we had a cheater in game who simply sought to ruin it for everyone else. So I closed down the game, and switched it over to Private multiplayer game where only people on my friends list can play, and we've been having a blast ever since.I know it's a zombie game in a market flooded with them, and if you look at my library, you'll see I've tried a lot of them. For me, this one is one of the best and my favorite survival game."
,Recommended,251570,16532035,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(KPRC)Profit Az,A very good game but now i don't play it any more for the reason it has really nothing new and it takes years to make a house!
76561197970726026,Recommended,251570,16090814,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Gumbercules007,Really cool game.Been Playing it since Alpha 5.Every update the Devs do just makes it better and better.Well worth the moneyHighly Highly recommend this game
,Recommended,251570,16938703,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Stormtroop97,"You can build a super fortress and live like a king, or you can accidentally cut a tree down wrong and die. You can kill more zombies than Rick Grimes or you can eat broken glass and die from internal bleeding. 7 Days to Die is about choice, and it is choice that sets this game apart from other survival games.Essentially this game is a zombie survival game, but rather than be like Day Z or other games of similar enviornments 7 Days to Die has a large focus on both exploration and building. The greatest thing about it, is that it forces you to participate in both aspects if you want to survive. The game is brutal. Don't be surprised if your first night i the game is spent warding off 50+ zombies from your tiny refuge inside a local house. And as the game progresses don't be surprised when you're warding off more than that from your fortress built from the ground up by you. Did I mention that this is just the default normal difficulty? The game's difficulty brilliantly forces you to explore the world around you for necessary supplies, while also forcing you to build a safe haven because you won't find one anywhere prebuilt. So now that you hopefully have a basic understanding of the game, let's get a little more in depth.ExplorationExploration in 7 Days to Die is not going to be a big surprise to you if you've played any other survival game ever. You walk around a world and look inside any possible thing in hopes to find something of value. While it may not always make sense (oh sure, killing a zombie dog in real life always gets me two cans of gas), it is certainly rewarding to open up another bag of trash and find that last pistol part you needed to complete your weapon. There is nothing particularly original about the exploration, but it keeps it rewarding and entertaining so there really isn't much to complain about. I will however say that exploration is key to the game, as most supplies you will need to find to stay alive, especially in the beginning. In fact most items you can't even craft without finding schematics that teach you recipes for things such as ammo and armor. So there is always a reason to get back out there and explore, which does go aways to keep you interested in affairs outside your own stronghold.Building/CraftingThis is where I believe 7 Days to Die really shines. Where as most survival games are about finding supplies and minimal building, 7 Days to Die is about finding supplies andA LOTof building. You are offered a wide range of building blocks and all around construction tools to really create and personalize your own base in ways not many games have. I hate to make this comparrison, but the building is most comparable to minecraft albeit with many more things to create. On top of buildings, you can also craft your own weapons, tools, armor, and accessories such as chairs and tables for your house. Very few games have a fleshed out building system like 7 Days to Die, and to miss out on it would just be a shame.The WorldWhen starting up a new world you have the option of one of two things. You can choose their prebuilt game world ""Navezgane"" or you can choose a randomly generated world. While both are similar in the fact that they have buildings, heaps of supplies, and all different biomes on them, Navezgane is generally a little more organized simply because of the fact that it was hand crafted by the devs rather than randomly produced by a computer. Either way both world types are a joy to be in and produce a fresh experience with every play through. Several biomes are available in the game including forests, tundras, deserts, and burned forests. Buildings are also spawned frequently throughout the world, with each biome having its own set of building types. Admittedly though it would be nice to see a broader range of building types. Many of the houses are essentially copy/paste with small adjustments in a poor attempt to hide the lack of variety. Overall the world is interesting enough, but I'd like to see a greater variety between housing types to keep the game from getting stale.Graphics/OptimizationThis is probably the game's weakest point. The game looks ok, but far from breathtaking. To give the devs some credit they have improved the graphics dratically from previous builds I've seen online, but some work is needed. Speaking of work needed, optimization is an issue for this game. I'm on a pretty up to date PC that can run games like Battlefield 4 on ultra settings like a charm, yet I still get frequent frame dips when running the game on the lower middle settings. Once again this has improved through updates, and the game is definitely playable it would just be welcomed if the game could run a bit smoother. However there are many bugs that plague this game. While I haven't found any game breaking ones, you will have frequent issues of general things getting wonky on you. The game is of course in early access however, so this should be expected.CombatThere really isn't too much to write about the combat in 7 Days to Die. You find or craft weapons to use against massive hordes of zombies. These weapons (as well as tools) must be maintained using varoius repair items to keep a weapons damage up. The melee weapons can be a little hard to usae at time given they require you to come close to a zombie to use them, but guns feel powerful and are fun to use albeit smalll glitches sometimes pull you out of the immersion. You also have a range of explosives such as TNT and mines to use againt your undead foe. Overall the combat is a rewarding experience that may require a little work but gets the job done in a satisfactory manner.Community/DevsThe community is fantastic! Any issue I've had was openly welcomed by the community, and the willingness to help out was a welcome breath of fresh air from other games with a toxic community. And the devs on this game at The Fun Pimps are some of the most interactive and helpful I've ever seen. They release frequent patches and updates about progress, ensuring that this game won't be abandoned half way through like so many other early release titles. I have no doubt that this game will continue to grow under their development.OverallOverall this game is a unique and brilliant experience. Whether you love the slow and careful nature of building for a few hours or the fast paced rushing nature of killing undead freakbags I have no doubt you will find yourself having a lot of fun with 7 Days to Die. I've had the game for less than a week and have 38 hours on it. So just make sure you're ready to abandon your friends and family when you purchase this game!"
,Recommended,251570,29372204,Posted: 20 January,all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,Minecraft ? - A crafting game for kids.7 days to die ? - A crafting game for a true men.9.5/10
,Recommended,251570,12218089,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bort,"Ok, so this is still in an Alpha stage, but even so, it is still an excellent game.Imagine an open, sandbox world where almost everything can be searched, looted, or harvested to be crafted into something else. Imagine a building system that allows you to construct a simple, tiny wooden shack, or a massive, heavily fortified complex containing traps, tunnels, secrets, and everything you need to survive the end of the world. It's all possible.Then, of course, you have the zombies. No zombie apocalypse game would be complete without them. They're zombies. They want to eat your brains, and to stop them, you have to shoot them (or hit them) in the head. This goes for all zombies, even the zombie dogs (which are pretty cool, but hurt like hell when they sneak up on you).To make life with the zombies more interesting, every seven days the zombie horde goes nuts (""feral"" as it is referred to in game), and they come and hunt you down. It's not just one or two that come and hunt you down. So far as I can tell, it's every zombie in the same region as you. It might even be a new horde, spawned especially to eat your brain.All in all, even in the Alpha, I still highly recommend this game if you are into open world craft-em-ups. Or Minecraft-like building. Or zombie apocalypse games."
,Recommended,251570,30932847,Posted: 3 April,all,damamatet -> /ProvokerKing,"This game is so full of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. textures are frequently falling apart, story gets boring and you reach the point of Nothing Else too early for a crafting survival game.But still, play off n on and it'll stay fun."
,Recommended,251570,29282255,Posted: 15 January,all,Solakka Silakka,"It's indie, in alpha, horribly optimized.So it should be a bad game?Nah, it's fun as hell, despite performance issues and bugs.Very challenging at the beginning when you don't know wtf you have to do.Fun to build bases and see what kinda designs work and what doesn't.Never tried multiplayer PvP, only PvE with 2-4 friends and it works fine, but i heard the PvP is bad.Buy it especially if it's on sale (at time of writing it is, on Humble Store), and gather some friends for some survival fun."
,Recommended,251570,13044406,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dimitrov™,"Brand new update of this review, in 2017. It's been 3 years, and I love this game endlessly. It has provided many hours of fun and entertainment. It was just recently updated with some HUGE features, with things like electricity and usage for it! Fantastic, love it, will continue to love it. Hoping the devs stick with it."
,Recommended,251570,27004319,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Charles,ZombieCraft
,Recommended,251570,28024666,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Karnalsyn,"Well if you are a fan of the scavange/craft/survive formula, this game has it in spades!It's the true evolution from minecraft. And after dumping hundreds of hours into vanilla minecraft and looking for something new to try, this game has not failed to impress. 42.3hrs played in just a handful of days and looking forward to more. (version A15)No, the graphics aren't exactly pushing boundaries. And yes, there are some glitches and bugs still.But the atmosphere, sounds of the weather, your foot steps, your stomach growling, the animal life, haunting music, and zombies....it all adds up to create a level of intensity that minecraft never did achieve.I've begun watching Dev videos and reading news for upcoming planned changes. It's all extremely exciting. And I look forward to dumping hundreds of hours into this game also.I even nominated it for a Steam Award :D"
,Recommended,251570,30646329,Posted: 20 March,all,Paladeus,"Pro's:A decent amount of diversity, and I appreciate being able to build up from the ground.I like the new procedurally generated map and the zones.A decent learning curve and nice online community making some interesting environments.Not completely simple and easy like other games.Really appreciating the multiplayer aspect. Certainly helps.Con's:Don't drill straight down or risk never coming out. o.oLearning curve from an older version of the game to a newer one was steep, but figured it out - after dying a few times.Not really much else to say in terms of cons. I'd appreciate more variety of bad guys, though.Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,251570,15672179,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,John Smith,Went outside at night for only 1 minute and get butt ♥♥♥♥ed by running zombies
76561197985547166,Recommended,251570,8280124,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,MarcusDavidian,The only zombie game i like and played and its only in alpha!!!
,Recommended,251570,14992112,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Thermopyle,This is probably one of the most fun games that I've played in the last year.  I am surprised at how much I want to play it.
,Recommended,251570,27718393,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The22Dasher,Better for playing with Friends than by yourself!
,Recommended,251570,29496689,Posted: 25 January,all,FelixAntonio,"10/10 recommended for those who have some friends to survive withthe only thing i hate from this game is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ EAC, i played on my favorite server with EAC on and boom 8 players banned in a day for cheatingbut still this is a freaking great survival game"
,Recommended,251570,15766897,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TigerMusky,"Logged 150 hours here. I personally recommend this game. It is a very fun and interesting game that you can play hours on. I am a very picky person when it comes to my games, but I really like this one. It is a very hard game to get a hold of to be good. It is totally worth it after the first ten hours of learning how to rock at it. I like the graphics and all the gameplay except the dogs. The dogs are the bane of my existence. They used to be bearable when they spawned rarely, but now that they spawn all over, the game has become extremely hard. It is a very fun game. IF you have time.EDIT #1: Logged 230 hours here. Alpha 13. I have come to love and hate this game. It was a really great game once upon a time... There were some rough patches recently that made the game quite unplayable. I was rather disappointed considering that this is the game the I have logged the most hours on. It was a great game a year ago, but now it is just a another zombie killing game. I like the new system for building and gathering resources. It is a change for the better in this game. Although, it still has a long ways to go. I seem to travel about three thousand whatevers from the middle and the map seems to become a total mess. There are no rivers anymore. I really liked the rivers; they were able to save my butt a couple times when a horde would start chasing me. The maps have just gotten a bit ugly now. If you want water you might just have to travel ten kilometers to get it. I like that little aspect, but when the only nearest water is a tiny pond that has three buckets worth of water it can get a bit difficult. I may be attached to the old memories that I have of this game frome when I used to play it, but that helps me prove my point here. What I am trying to say is that if the developers really want to make a big difference to the game they should go way back and implement a few new things there. Like the minibike for instance is a great idea that helps me in my gameplay, but can become a nuesance. It is an extremely glitchy peice of work. I was driving to my base one day when all of a sudden it felll through the world and I havent been able to find it since. The dogs still seem a bit over powered but that might be me. And I am going to say the same about this patch as I did the other; you can play this game and you will probably enjoy, but you are going to sacrifice a lot of time learning how to play and adapt to the changes as new updates come out. I still recommend this game as of 1/4/2016. No matter how hard they mess this game up I will most likely like it. It has a great concept and I am a very picky person when it comes to my games."
76561198148590525,Recommended,251570,30346039,Posted: 5 March,all,Crushpounder,"7 days to die had a lot of appeal when it first released and part of that appeal was the constant evolution brought by frequent updates. Then a horrible thing happened. Horde Mode was removed and with that a lot of the appeal to some players. Some people don't like to play online but still love to dwell on this great open world, killing zombies and crafting their way to a huge fortress. The A.I. is bugged from the begginning although it has slowly improved. Graphics are middle of the road and have massively improved from what they were. Crafting is by far the greatest strenght of 7DTD and has also improved greatly.Now the worst that could happen to the PC version of this game: The consoles version. The updates to the PC have almost grinded to a halt, and it's hard to not notice the console's influence in that matter.FINAL VERDICT: If you are a zombie, crafting and sandbox fan you have to buy it. You just have to remember that the final product is subject to changes that you might not like and is going to be in alpha state for years."
76561198122873230,Recommended,251570,29756259,Posted: 6 February,all,YO HO HO ! ! !,This is just so good for  people who love crafting and zombie killing
76561197963773765,Recommended,251570,13248394,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,GirthQQuakes,"Excellent game. The best Voxel based crafting game on the market to my knowledge.The survival, base building, and zombie mechanics are all excellent. Unity 5 is coming! I can't wait."
76561197980523260,Recommended,251570,22768782,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Stone_Templar,"It was day 7 and I knew I wasn't going to be ready. Too little ammo found in time, too few hours spent prepping the walls. Worst of all, I didn't have enough light, not by a long shot. Those last few flicks of sun glimmering gold through the trees made my stomach lurch. Behind me, where the shadows of night grew, there was screaming in the distance. The dogs reached me first, packs of baying hounds, savagely driving across the field laden with spikes. Some went down, yet others ran even with prongs of wood embedded in them, uncaring, mindless zombies. I unloaded rifle rounds with unsteady shots, I couldn't help but shake, the sound of wailing grew ever stronger and before even a few dogs were down the rest of the undead were swarming the front wall. Flesh clambering over flesh, driving some down into the spikes only to climb over thier own dead and ascend. Spider zombies scaling the walls from behind, forcing me to turn my back to them and fire the last of my ammo. There was nothing left to do but desperate measures. I had found her in the trunk of a car, pure steel, heavy as sin. I named her Vera after my lost ones. Zombies were soft, and the sledge was hard as it arced down onto the first. Bones crunched, it collapsed, step back, swing again. More screaming. This time it was me. They were going down, but so was I. No choice. I lied about the ammo thing. I left one. In the pistol. Under this entire thing I had placed every last barrel of gas I had found. And that last bullet well... it sank into the metal with a flash and as I watched pieces of zombie all around me and my fort shatter I was sure I was done for, ears battered and ringing from the explosion. When I opened my eyes in a fine haze of falling red mist, I could see the blast was just right. Just far enough away to spare me, shivering, bruised, covered in gore, atop the shattered smouldering ruins of my fort. It was time to eat some soup and splint my arm, in a few hours the sun would rise, and I would need to prepare much. Day 7 it seems, was just the beginning.This game keeps getting better and better."
76561197962561838,Recommended,251570,15701106,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mind,"Apparently they don't want bug reports for this game since they made it a rather cumbersome way to register for reporting them. So if they happen to read this. Game disconnects randomly, not very often (once per hour) but it happens. IF this happens just as you are opening a chest that chest gets locked out from further interaction in the future, just as though someone is already looking in that chest, even from yourself.This leads to loosing all the content in the chest. Since this now happened twice (never happened in earlier versions), I find no pleasure in restarting my progress over and over because of loosing all the stuff. I will wait for never versions.Other bugs, when digging with a shovel, blocks behind the block you are digging gets dug out instead of the one you are looking at. The particles bouncing about indicates the correct block though."
76561198050806564,Recommended,251570,28778568,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Azdeath,Great game solo even better with friends
76561198123886452,Recommended,251570,15465274,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,GROGMOG,"Had to update my review again. I came back to this game after a year away and the dev team keep making this game better and better. It still receives major updates, and the player base is still huge. By far the best zombie survival, and possibly best overall survival game on steam.Very highly recommend 7 Days to Die. Even with a lower-end machine, it is still very playable. With a better machine, it looks and plays downright fantastic. Find a good modded server (deadlights) and you'll find the game to be even more involved, with more to build, craft and explore."
,Recommended,251570,30387323,Posted: 8 March,all,DOOMJESUS,four years of early access alpha and going strong.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=879130687
,Recommended,251570,23881626,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,R A R A I,It's fun playing alone...  It's even more fun playing with other people! The game has been really awesome and I'm truly loving it! 7DTD is worth your money!Keep up the good work devs!Cheers!
91012902931232131,Recommended,251570,16427409,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Penny,1 day Bought dis game was like wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥?2 day I wanna still play it but it sucks..3 day time to post review for refund and that the game sucks4 day random guy posted that he can play with me5 day i've learnt how to play dis game6 day i love this game and started building a base7 day got attacked by zombie horde and my base collapsed10/10 would get attacked by zombie horde again
,Recommended,251570,23866828,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ニートロ420ᄿ - ПEΛTГΔ,"'Its like Minecraft, but with more zombies and realism.'I do like the graphics and mechanics of the game.Some game events really put me on the edge of my seat, like running from azombie/bear at night.The gameplay is every smooth and good looking.Multiplayer is double the fun. More people, more fun.I recommend this for people who like sandbox with zombies."
,Recommended,251570,18228269,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Silver,"Feels like Skyrim, Dead Island, and Minecraft had a lovely, slightly glitchy baby.As each Alpha update comes out, the variety of things to do and the fun potential increases.Zombies are getting harder to kill, physics more realistic, and the community participation on servers is A+The game itself lfeels more like Beta than Alpha, with a few more obvious weird spots (Strange deer running animation and occasional floating buildings come to mind)Why do I have so damn much fun playing this?It has ALL THE THINGS.Hunting/Gathering? Yup. Plenty of variety in that, plants need sunlight and some need tilled earth, and certain items can only be found by exploring dangerous areas.Building artistry? Have at it! While you can't MAKE floating cities very easily, like is possible in minecraft, there is still a TON of different blocks and rotations and ways they support each other that makes customizing your own place - or building a grand castle - something that is both time consuming and very satisfying.ZOMBIE SLAYING GOODNESS - Hell yeah~ There are normal zombies that take a headshot and fall, and variations all the way up to Feral zombies, who take 10 shots to the head with a pistol, and keep coming at you. Run. Run for the hills. Your armor cannot save you against that horde.EXPLODE EVERYTHING! - With a bit of time invested in mining and crafting, you can build some pretty stellar explosives and weapons - even a minibike now, for faster travel!All in all, even in its alpha stage, this is my absolute favorite game.It has the 'Huge, explorable world with acceptable graphics for immersion' appeal of skyrim, 'EVERYTHING IS BLOCKS YOU CAN BUILD IT ALL' bonus of Minecraft, with lots of scary zombies that you may or may not want to approach, because they could potentially kick your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198091080698,Recommended,251570,30210267,Posted: 26 February,all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,I hate how it's so easy to become super warm in a forest and have to take off your jacket but other than that I think it's pretty good for a zombie game. Much better than DayZ and other competitors on the market.
76561198117799696,Recommended,251570,18722664,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Chuck Norris,Have 670 hours played and have not really written a review for really any of my games but feel this one deserved my opinion :D. 1. LOVED IT FROM THE START! 2. Building system is off the chain and makes you feel like sims if you know how to acquire those different types of blocks and have know how to make pretty dimensionally magnificent bases. Game does have a slightly frustrating learning curve but sure damn captures survival in its all from getting sick to starving and dehydration to throwing your guts up and dying. 3. The game would be nice to have a wider range of weapons but hey beggers can not be choosers and who am i to tell the developers how to shapen there game together. Well I am not so great at long reviews but if you really want to understand more about this complex amazing game then just buy it. It is definitely worth the money. One hint is if you are a newcomer try getting friends to join the game with you or else you will struggle getting a base together and will likely be too frustrated to play. BUT OVERALL THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!! AND WHEN IT IS FINISHED IT WILL BE SOMETHING WORTH CHERISHING AND PLAYING FOR MANY MORE HOURS!
76561197993551920,Recommended,251570,32902930,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazed Possum,"Very addictive game. Survival,hunting,zombie killing,crafting,building,farming. Very fun to play with friends. Watch some videos here or on Youtube and I'm sure you will enjoy this game very much. try to get it on sale !"
76561197999962036,Recommended,251570,13967279,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Vern,an alpha game that actually feels like a late beta. must have if  you like crafting/building games. with some action
,Recommended,251570,26337939,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Freddilition,Very noice !
76561198073004540,Recommended,251570,13245654,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sponge Schnitzel,"This game is fantastic, it is leaking with atmosphere. In my opinion it is the best Zombie survial game out there, it is scary (at least for me) the crafting is great, the physics are great, and the zombies are great. And with the new randomly generated worlds it is more stressful because you dont know what to expect, and you dont know what you will run into. 10/10 this game is awesome give it a try and you will see where im coming from"
,Recommended,251570,28812334,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheMadYeet,"This game, to start off, is 200% more fun if you have friends to play with.  If you dont, find some lol.  My first real experience goes as such:>Join friends world with him and his friend>sprint through the night chased by zombies to their shelter>barely make it alive with 25% health left>they let me in and close the door>Their ""base"" is a vacation cabin in the cold snowy woods>why.jpg>the zombies that chased me are mad they couldn't get me>They try to break in like its the Shining>We fix the door everytime it gets damaged>day comes, we kill them>Throughout the rest of the week ingame we gather resources and stengthen the house>i tell them about the 7th day, and its unholiness>ignored.ouch>I warn them about 4 other times as the week goes on>never listen>day 7 comes>i say,""lets board up the staircase so it slows down the 7th day hoard."">They're confused>WhAt HoArD???>""GUYS THE 7TH DAY HOARD, IVE TOLD YOU 100 TIMES!!!!!"">They yell and start boarding the stairs at the same time>Night falls>We whimper when our detection meters go from undetected to HUNTED in a second>red light everywhere>the screams are deafening>The roof starts getting demolished by zombies>We fix it as fast as possible>They break in>5 zombies>I bring out my Iron Axe of Doom>""TONIGHT, WE DINE, INNNNNN HHHHEEEELLLLLLLL!!!!!!!"">we fight like there's spartans within us, and i cover the hole>we wait out the night, and when day came, we went outside>we kill the straggling zombies>wait>oh no>they took our fridge and all of our meat.11/10 would get robbed by the undead againin all seriousness, this game is really fun, and a great survival game if you're into that. :D"
76561198082466629,Recommended,251570,23575721,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Spooky Duck,"Very good overall and has many updates because of the active developers working on this game. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes Minecraft because this game is pretty much a realisitic version of it. The only problem I may say is that although they have added objectives recently the game is still too boring to play on your own, due to the amount of time you have to waste and is something like an 1 hr+ to get to another biome because the map is very massive, so take this into consideration before buying, if you havn't got any friends who play this game or aren't willing to buy the game, due to the high price of it then don't buy the game."
,Recommended,251570,29223256,Posted: 13 January,all,do {nothing} while (Nothrax),"great game, I can't wait for future updates"
,Recommended,251570,33659668,Posted: 19 July,all,Ponyポニー,"Despite graphics that aren't the best, this is a very fun game to play. It's like the combination of Rust and Minecraft. Both PvP and PvE are fun and challenging. You don't need a very good computer to run a server to play with friends, which is another plus. With the most recent Alpha 16 update, the game is definitely heading towards a reall good direction for beta."
76561198055800896,Recommended,251570,25893080,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,detarantom,Awesome survival game. Highly recommend
,Recommended,251570,13072944,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TwofacedMonkey7,Great game to play with friends 8/10
,Recommended,251570,13188671,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SilentHog,Nice game.
76561198095495868,Recommended,251570,25882759,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Last Tardis,"I bought this game somewhere around Alpha 12, and it has gone from strength to strength ever since. It has everything a zombie survival game should have and a whole lot more to boot, which includes :-•	A great variety of weapons and armour to suit a number of play styles.•	The ability to construct any base your imagination can conceive, above or below ground.•	A levelling up system that allows you to specialise in certain weapon or armour types.•	The ability to improve your crafting, construction and mining skills.•	The flexibility to hunt for food or grow your own.•	A large predetermined map with the option to play a randomly generated one.•	The impetus to prepare for the inevitable horde every 7 days, lest you be caught off guard.I could go on, however the point is this game is fantastic, adaptive and a must for anybody who is a fan of the genre.People often complain about how slow updates are being released, about how a console version was released before it was finished in order to make money etc. Guess what? That is how small development teams, like The Fun Pimps, have to operate in order to survive and to continue game development and production. The game can be buggy in places and glitchy in others, but so what, it is in Alpha after all and they rely on player feedback to help them iron out the creases. I have 273.9 hours of play time at the time of writing this review and I will add many more to that total as time goes on. I can't recommend this game enough, just bare with the progress and I know we'll all be rewarded in the end.Update-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Having watched the weekly Q&A YouTube sessions and Alpha 16 updates from one of The Fun Pimps development team, Mad Mole, it is clear to see that the game will definitely have the experience enhanced. Additions in future Alpha's include electricity, enhanced base defence options, different modes of transport and alternative ways to gather food; this is only a small selection of the additions to the game so I would recommend going to YouTube and seeing for yourself."
,Recommended,251570,26056244,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,davosaurus.rex,"Not only is this game currently fun and playable, but with every iteration, the devs seem to always implement the exact things that you want them to. Now in alpha 15, the game seems to really have acquired a level of polish that makes it seem more like a beta than an alpha, but it remains in alpha because the devs keep coming up with new and interesting ways to improve the four itches this game scratches:Survival: explore, salvage points of interest, eat, drink, harvest mats, and craft (clothing, weapons, and gear) to help you survive the zombie apocalypse.Roleplay: Customize the look of your survivor and then find/craft gear to customize yourself further. Earn experience through numerous activities (not just killing zeds), and use level points to select perks or increase your current capabilities. Skills also increase as you use them.Base Building/Tower defense: 7 Days isn't a tower defense game per se, but as you build a defensible base, you will actively be thinking about fire lanes, choke points, traps, and fall back zones. Plus, there are a variety of materials to build with, so you can make your base look nice too.Multiplayer: Zombies tend to show up in hordes, so you should bring some friends. You really should. Plus, due to the level up system, survivors can spec themselves out into a certain niche. Maybe someone becomes the close weapons expert, another is good with crafting, while another is fantastic at finding the best loot (or buying the best equipment for cheaper when you find a wasteland trader). Hordes take into account your group, though, so don't expect safety in numbers. Watch each others' backs!Caveats: the game still possesses its share of glitches. Each iteration brings new glitches, but bugs are generally stomped out in short order. After a few months of patches, after a new alpha release, the game becomes quite stable. Alpha 15 is surprisingly free of glitches, but there are still a few issues you might run into. The only issues I've seen so far revolve around the mini bike. A friend drove one onto a spike at the local trader. He can't drive the bike off the spike, and he can't destroy the spike, since it's part of the protected base. I know my friend shouldn't have done that, but he can be a bit of a nipple head. Also, if you jump off your bike while it's moving, it might become borked. I know that seems like more of a feature than a glitch, but reloading the game allows you to access it again, so it seems more like an issue to me. The issue always seem to be little things like these- nothing to completely derail the fun, so I still recommend it.At it's current price, and my current time played, this game has an extreme amount of value- about three cents per hour, in my case. It's definitely worth a buy if you're into the styles of gameplay mentioned, in a post zombie apocalyptic wrapper.TLDR: If reading is challenging, then watch the trailer instead...sheesh!"
76561198027924709,Recommended,251570,25483858,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Suntear,"This game is fun!Its fun figuring out how to survive in the beginning then you learn and you can see your skills. You do not need to be a twitch shooter to do great, however if you are those skills will help as you get better weapons. This is a creative game where your planning effects your survivability. this game is varried. Sometimes its an adrenilin rush, sometimes its quiet crafting behind solid defences, and others its christmas and that supply drop gave you much critically needed antibiotics to starve off that deadly zombie bite infection. Plus watching the game develop has been fun!"
,Recommended,251570,25988574,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Randin,"Probably the best Zombie Apocalypse survival game out right now. The game is still relatively buggy, but has become quite polished since its early days. It is in my opinion one of the most beautiful voxel-based games now that lighting has been updated and distant terrain is supported now, as well as significant improvements to random world generation. It is essentially Minecraft on steroids and everything that DayZ was supposed to be. Unlimited replayability makes this game definitely worth the price.A few people seem to be under the impression that updates are going to be delayed and halted because of 7DTD's console release. This is false; a different team is working on the console version and will not have any sort of effects on the PC version's development. Updates are still released quite regularly and the game is nowhere close to falling into the notorious forever-""early access"" pit."
76561198062919516,Recommended,251570,26053554,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,zx80r1,This game is the best investment you could possibly make on a game. I have so many hours playing. I've gotten my money worth times 50. FO4 got one playthough for 50 bucks. I'm at about 100 and still enjoing the game. The Creators update constantly and keep in constant contact about updates via YouTube and Blogs. If you just enjoy crafting you can do that without the Zombies. Once you get that figured you add zombies and then add as many as you like. It's terrifiing at immersive the newest release is spectacular with even better Graphics and FPS. This Game IS A WIN.
76561198338655103,Recommended,251570,31482071,Posted: 1 May,all,LordBoy,Awesome for crafting buildings aside frm killing zombies.
76561198098315453,Recommended,251570,31492357,Posted: 1 May,all,getsilly1990,"If a crafting horror surival sandbox game is what you are looking for, then you have no need to look any further! In my opinion a pretty unique games with loads to do. I have been following this game since A8ish and the dev team is always releasing updates furthering content and polishing the game."
,Recommended,251570,29454294,Posted: 23 January,all,CutiePatootie,Life consuming fun. ❤❤❤
,Recommended,251570,25250678,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,stindog999,"Great game, lots of fun things to do and i find it to be endlessly fun"
76561198074672761,Recommended,251570,25254636,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,✪ Red_Star_x,"Bought this game back when it was penny's to what it is now. Played .5 hours and said screw this. Came back for the first time the other day and can say i am really enjoying myself, run's much better and is actually playable now."
,Recommended,251570,14138733,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gяem,"This is really one of the most awesome games I have ever played. This is worth every $$$ If you like survival and zombies and playing with friends, you cannot go wrong with this game!Playing on a server where there is 24/7 admin support, no hackers makes this game even more fun.Thanks cannot wait for the next update!"
76561198033992943,Recommended,251570,25258401,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TTylerTexas,Love the game! Easy to spend 10 hours on this game straight! Already have hundreds of hours on this game!
,Recommended,251570,13095855,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,luixmix,"It is the best sandbox! fully destructive/constructible world, you will feel in a ""minecraft rated M"",  and could be a FPS in PVP or just an adventure building and surviving in PVE.Every update its another new amazing adventure!"
,Recommended,251570,24166451,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Prembil,"Lots of people are saying ""it's 4 years and it's still in alpha... you should not buy this, devs don't care about us""So it's 3 years.They do care a lot.I put the ""aplha statement"" into the ""pros"" section...I haven't got that much fun with this kind of survival sand box for long time...Zombies are there....everything is destroyable and zombies can destroy it all...I've tried few sandboxes, I'll not lie, i tried minecraft... but that sucks at mobs part... i'm sorry to all of those MC lovers, but you can just dig 3 blocks deep hole and put 1 block above your head... and wait...Here you go with more  realistic hunger and dangerous weather but mostly with deadly zombies.Now get back to the aplha at prosIt's alpha version XX.xIf the number after the dot changes, it will be more stable.If the number before the dot changes, it (sometimes) becomes a new game, no seriously... new stuff, improvements houses, chalenges (that looks like story mod sometimes) and also new places...All i can explore again, new secrets, that's what i'm talking about.... I cannot get bored when new alpha comes out..."
76561198111742226,Recommended,251570,8786500,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Beardy,Brilliant game! it is a must buy. even in alpha it is so playable and enjoyable. It's like dayz + minecraft. really fun on co-op as well. Some of the stuff in the trailer isn't actually there yet but is on it's way. I know its expensive but it is worth the money.
,Recommended,251570,11683206,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Red The Dragon,best game: 2014! I LOVE IT!
76561198101180408,Recommended,251570,11684213,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Scr4tch1996,"This game, reguardless of only being in alpha stage, is one of the very few innovative zombie survival games out there. the combat can get intense, the crafting is unique and easy to fallow, and the fully destructable terrain is almost groundbreaking. Everything you can see or touch can be broken (with the right tool) and you can even dig as far as you want underground! I have never before felt like a zombie horror game that made the player feel so lonely and yet so powerfull. Sure this game still has alot of room for improvement but its nice to see something that feels fresh and almost new. the zombie horror genre is overdone and over-rated, but I feel this game brought something new to the table, the power of the player isnt just their skill at shooting, but also their ability to think and create.My over-all rating for this game is a 8/10"
,Recommended,251570,11849556,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,NMDobby,9/10.
76561198119614661,Recommended,251570,11927740,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Trout,Better than dayz
,Recommended,251570,12061975,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sidewind,"Absoluetly brilliant game with very in depth mechanics. i mean if you fall from a height you can fracture or break your leg or if you eat or drink something bad for you, you develop infections and disease. The crafting is superb and the rate of finding loot is just right to survive, however the game is slow to start but when you have what you need it becomes quicker and a bit easier. This game is well worth the price."
76561198027105648,Recommended,251570,11652995,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,bazurok,This is my dream game! Complete survival shooten up done right and its still in the testing phases.
,Recommended,251570,28953118,Posted: 2 January,all,Mad Hatter,"You just need to ask two basic questions to decide if you will like 7 Days to Die:(1) Did you play and like Minecraft?(2) Do you like zombie games, The Walking Dead, etc?7 Days to Die is a crafting/survival game that includes zombies that are mostly harmless during the day, go a bit wild at night (a la Minecraft), and hoard mode try to kill you every 7th night. You can mod the game and run your own private server as well.It's currently in Alpha, but I have yet to experience a gameplay bug and if it never gained an additional feature it would be worth the asking price.Are the graphics and animations pretty? No.Are the controls tight? No.Is the game a lot of fun? Yes!"
76561198259784375,Recommended,251570,29366837,Posted: 19 January,all,[S.C]MorganGrimbeard,"got to say this is probably one of the best zombie survival games ive played, and ive played them on both xbox and playstation, im not going to give anything away but i promise you now there is an active dev team new items with major updates and fun people online  i think its worth the price and im glad i bought it"
,Recommended,251570,28302336,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,slugger,i had 7 days to die and died on day 1efficiency is my middle name
,Recommended,251570,32940615,Posted: 28 June,all,Glorsnop,"I think this game is great, I am excited to continue exploring the new beta content.  The towns are so much bigger and look nicer than before (in a run down apocalypse type of way). This has definitely become my go to game, I can't get enough of the adrenaline and anxiety that come on that 7th night XD. While It's pretty awesome solo, it's more fun to play with friends.  I definitely recommend this to anyone who likes survival, crafting, or zombie games. Always grab the little stones and plants and even if you think you have enough wood, you probably don't o.o"
76561198025949541,Recommended,251570,30293853,Posted: 3 March,all,PetroPups Lv83,"I have been playing this game for years (since it was 'blocky'). The game has only got better. Great game to play with mates. Plenty to do. Kill zombies, fortify bases, kill zombies, make bases, kill zombies, explore the world, kill zombies, run away and hide from zombies (especially at night), level your character, level your weapons tools & equipment, kill zombies, dig tunnels, scavange, and kill zombies. Suspenceful, scary, enjoyable, addictive. Somtimes you think your too tough, walking around with the shotgun & sniper rifle. Then you die."
,Recommended,251570,30300951,Posted: 3 March,all,Draconic_Kid,"As a side note, I'd prever a ~ vote rather than Y or N, but I'll ere on the side of nice because this has potential.When I bought this game, I figured I'd have a survival horror Minecraft clone that wasn't blocky, but was visually pleasing and somewhat realisitc. I was disappointed on one end of this.The graphical quality right now is a tossup. Damaging 'blocks' does change their appearance notably (Doors loose planks and you can see through them, et cetera), but the actual textures are worse than Half Life. No, Not HL:S, the original Half Life. In time, I hope to see this get some high-res textures, but for now, don't be too hopeful. They have bigger issues than how your rocks look, seeing as this is an Alpha-stage project.The fighting, while I did very little thusfar, is hit and miss, quite literally. I'm not overly sure how this is to work, but with a bow, I find aiming for the head to be quite difficult, and the crosshair is for nothing beyond centering your screen. The damage is seemingly low on even the most basic zombie, and therefore you're very much at a disadvantage with low tier weapons. A nice horror touch to my original idea, which compared this to minecraft at first glance. I'm more apt to play a game where you can't survive the night in the woods by punching everything you see.The construction in this game is amazing. I jumpped right into creative and have not been disappointed in the system for building. There are in fact 'blocks' of material, but you only notice them when you are placing building blocks, at which point you have a green cube and highilighted area within that shows exactly where you will place if you click place right then. Very nice, and doesn't subtract from the potentially beutiful end result when this game is finalized in the least bit.Movement, without the cheat-mode Flight enabled, is slower than the creeping death by old age of a newborn. I visited three separate biomes (Desert, Fallout Zone, and a Snowy Forest of some sort), and decided temperature has no influence on speed, you just are that slow. Maybe getting clothes helps (Yes, you start in your boxers//bra and undies), but I didn't bother with that because I was focused on the creative aspects of this game.Overall, hold your breath for later updates! This shows a great deal of potential, and just needs a few things fixed up here and there. This IS an ALPHA game, afterall."
76561198259744855,Recommended,251570,24223039,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Pink,"Almost perfect, imagine if the real zombie appocalyse break out and we dont have clue to survive this tough world!This game really give us lesson to survive from zombie, 10/10 will play it again!"
,Recommended,251570,24225768,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,duffed110,you wont
76561198287442321,Recommended,251570,24219444,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,deathpanther,good game i like playing this game theres nothing bad to say about it .thats my opinion though
76561198131584537,Recommended,251570,33065363,Posted: 30 June,all,BigBoss,fun with friends
76561198319080197,Recommended,251570,33558926,Posted: 15 July,all,AntiSocialAge,"10 out of 10, best game trialer ever. The games alright too.  ;)"
,Recommended,251570,29690902,Posted: 4 February,all,A Duck With No Arms,Fall off house into wood spikes the video game
,Recommended,251570,27997080,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BlackoutLament,"absolultey love this game, the graphics arent amazing, and there are a few tiny things that need fixing, but it's so much fun to play, especially as a multiplayer. there is just so much to do with trying to fortify your house and make it safe in time for the next hord and at the same time scavanging for cool items to craft usful things and finding food and water and medicine to keep you alive. i cant recommend this game enough!"
76561198045998891,Recommended,251570,26329977,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,eagles3773,"Really great game. Deep mechanics, crafting, rpg is coming right along, zombies are fun (varried, hard, unique, and the main focus of the game), more than just pvp (me playing pretty much solo or coop and having a blast, big map, random maps with fine tuning to how you want it built, really pretty game, and only getting better. I would highly recommend it for full price, and now its on sale even more so (I paid full price, bought it for others at that price, and dont regret it). It is doing great on steam charts and game just keeps getting better. Only cons are for optimization but I have had very minimal problems (I played maxed out with a gti 980ti fyi, i7 4770). Great game, definitely give it a go!"
,Recommended,251570,17444760,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Blaze Dragon,"Game has potential.Pros:Many crafting optionsOpen sandbox worldFreedom to do as you pleaseAbility to change options each time you are about to load your serverFull destructable world, walls, doors, ground, everything can be brokenboth co-op and solo playCons:only first person (some prefer 3rd)game crashes and freezes up the computer forcing a rebootdebug mode will cause your inventory to stop working (as of playing 07/2015)game becomes redundant after playing for hoursrequires you to refind recipies EVERY new server, and sometimes the books just can't be found"
76561198030326955,Recommended,251570,13564100,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr. Batman,"So I love Minecraft. I also really enjoy DayZ. This seemed like the bestheroinfix for both worlds. First out I was a little intimidated from the learning curve but stuck to the wiki and watched a lot of youtube... A couple of days in now and I'm getting the hang of things.That said, I have absolutely immersed myself into this game. The attention to little details and the flexibility to play to your style (either explorer (me) or self sufficient/tower defense) has by far exceeded my expectations for a game that is still in alpha. Sure, there are some bugs and some improvements that need to be made but it's mostly minor. The game reallyfeelslike you are in a zombie infested world. This is also the first game I'm almost always constantly on guard/scared. You can't stop paying attention for a second!I started writing up some story highlights from my adventures so far but stopped because TL:DR. So...TL;DR: Worth. This game has given me hypertension and is absolutely awesome. Devs keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,251570,30315913,Posted: 4 March,all,ApoliK,"It's understandable that someone might be on the fence about this game because it's ""another survival zombie crafting game?!"". But it's not - It's one of the best games on the genre.You have a decent level of challenge through it all, be it early or late game, since zombies are something you always have to be aware of.I've played solo and multiplayer, and I recommend you play this with a group of friends so you can have a bit of purpose - much needed in a sandbox-like game.Worth mentioning: devs are active and have always been. They release sneak peeks every week (?), they communicate with the playerbase, and they release a new alpha version almost every quarter."
,Recommended,251570,33554540,Posted: 15 July,all,ResistanceSA,"4 Years Later, Still the Alpha Game"
,Recommended,251570,33895253,Posted: 29 July,all,förvirrad asiat,you can eat glass
76561198075188012,Recommended,251570,33563424,Posted: 15 July,all,Spheal,"Great Game for being in Beta have 100+ hours and with each update i still play, Alpha 16was a great update fixing stuff and improving the game. Dont listen to the people who complain about the broken saves, what do you expect when they update the game and work on the land. Overall a great game"
76561198004783852,Recommended,251570,33243091,Posted: 4 July,all,wigginsd88,This game holds a special place in my heart. You can truly design you dream fortress and defend it while customizing everything with great depth. I wholly recomend checking out the creative menu once you first start playing and begin experimenting with things and have fun! This game is epic and massive. Looking forward to future update and loving the b129!!!!!!!
76561198063751626,Recommended,251570,24234130,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,KaiserABRichter,"7 Days to Die is the Best Horror Survival Game I ever played. In all the other Horror games, your safe, your in your shelter, you have the top notch stuff, and you know no Zombies will spawn next to you. But in this, every 7 Days your unlucky, You think you are Safe in your little House, but then Zombies start attacking. Thats the Suspense I like in this game. Sometimes you are locked outside the house or a 5 Story Building because of all the zombies. If you play this, you should play it with Friends. This is a really great game and if you play it with friends it will be even more fun then expected. Don't go on a PVE Server, go to a Peer2Peer server if you want to have CO-OP with people (Mostly Peer2Peer is playing with other people that aren't your friends and you make friends by doing so) which I think Peer2Peer helped me A LOT make new Friends. Now I play on about 10 Peer2Peer servers. This game can really be Addicting too, you may have something you have to do but you ignore it because you cannot wait for Horde night if your Playing Peer2Peer. You spent great work on your new Shelter, and the people need a extra bow, will you abandon them and let them die? Or will you stay and help.EDIT: This is still my ultimate favorite Zombie Horror game, and now that it has been a year since I wrote this review, I still love this game, it is yet still my favorite. Maybe a bit more slower, but I still love it.EDIT #2: So Alpha 16 came out a few weeks ago, and I believe Singleplayer is fine, it isn't as good as last time (I downloaded a few mods to enchance the Singleplayer Zombies) but that isn't the issue.It took me more then three weeks in real life to get to atleast level 18 in a Multiplayer game on 7 Days to Die, whats worse, is that the game lagged. The horde sizes on 7 Days to Die Multiplayer are as small as Two zombies per wave, which is three waves. There was once a time where half of the horde night wasn't even spawning anything. Though, the admins say crap (I dont believe it) like ""oh, were getting 100+ zombies!"" I built amazing defences, on a amazing already built house not even close to the city, and after building it all up awaiting a horde, Five zombies came and that was it, over 300+ resources were a waste, and for servers that do have a large ammount of zombies it lags the game, usually I'll hop on, but now I mostly play Singleplayer. 7 Days to Die, I do hope you fix the lag on some servers, make the game have more zombies, and plus fix any lag that occurs when you get a large ammount of zombies. Cheers."
76561198146754284,Recommended,251570,25022206,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Phaedrus,"--- About Early Access Experience ---I feel a lot of negativity has been posted on Devs going for cash crabs etc. I am of the opposite opinion and suspect that these reviewers expect a game like this to be done in a year or 2. Please understand many great games are in development for many years.That said...I've played 7dtd since A9 and it's been getting better and better. Sure, there's a set back every now and then when the Devs try something new. But it's always quickly fixed. This is early access done right because:- The devs listen very carefully to community input. I've seen several ideas suggested in the forums that made it into the game.- Development progress is tracked on the tumblr of Joel Huenink, keeping you up to date from week to week on progress.- Progress is fast. I remember it was just a year and a half ago when this game was still block based like minecraft. Now look at how gorgeous it has become. I wouldn't be surprised if they can get the game finished somewhere in 2018.--- The game experience ---The construction freedom of Minecraft with a lot more realism and but not as gritty as DayZ. Already great balancing of gameplay mechanics despite being early alpha. I love how, especially in PVP, you will seriously need your wits to survive and not get your base raided."
76561197960327163,Recommended,251570,25084720,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Louis,"So I recently bought this game after being on the fence for a while. Talked about it with some buddies and we decided to take the plunge together. I'm really happy I did, the game is simply put a ton of fun right from the beginning. From being absolutely chickenshit scared about seeing the first bunch of zombies to getting ripped to shreds at the first blood moon, its been an absolute blast.I love the archery, I love watching my buddies get chased by dogs. I love how scary it can be to sit holed up in a house surrounded by zombies tearing at every side. I love having to risk it all to find some water or food, and how the world feels dangerous and unforgiving at times, and how great it can be to get back to the safety of the base I built.Right now im really hooked on the game, and from what I've seen of the upcoming patch it's only going to get better. Furthermore I'm really happy about the openness and honesty with which the devs communicate and the videos of whats to come.Great buy for such a cheap game, definitely recommend."
76561198020783336,Recommended,251570,24788305,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,poodydo22,"i have played this game thoroughly fronta'back, and ill be completly honest. There is almost nothing wrong with this game. Except theres not enough game. now you see i have 209 hours there. what i didint know going in is that i would end up seeing most of the items, and weapons in the game, by the 7th hour. Some of handful of weapons i think in total including all melle theres not even 20, 4 blunt, 2 slash, a pistol, a revolver, 2 shottys, a bolt rifle, and ak, and 1 military grade sniper, along with a bow, and crossbow make up all the weapons that i can think of off the top of my head, besides the rocket launched but you will almost never be using that as i will discuss later.To be direct with this review is to say the game needs lots of updates, theres stuff to do, but as i said in the first 10 hours you will see everything the game has to offer, and the other 190 hours will be spent leveling the skills the game has, that although it has many skills, only a handful of them actually unlock anything. For example leveling the shotguns skill from 1 to 100 just increases shotun damage by around 28%, theres no reload boost, no spread tighting, no aiming speed boost, nothing like that at all.No to go to why im recommending this game. This game is litteratly 1 of the only, if not thee ONLY zombie survival game that isint in a self induced meltdown of bugs glitchs, hacking, and bad design. The guys that run this game do weekly casts of upcoming content, and look to the community for future updates. However.many of the updates never seem to add enough to the game. For a close example the upcoming giant update to the game at this moment would be alpha 15, whitch is going to up the graphics for the game greatly, increase render distance options greatly, add several new basic zombie types, and a few advanced zombies, no new special infected, but essentially zombies in military garb so you have to pop them in the face, some tree house stairs, along with a few new building items, and 1 new trap, now this might sound like a lot, except that 85% of there work time was spent on the graphics and render distance part of the update. The part essentialy no one really cares about.Ending: The game horribly needs at the very least half a dozen new traps, 20 or more new guns of varying types, and class's, several new skills, and update to existing skills to make them more worth leveling. plent of new wearable gear, not neccesarily craftable, but something that doesent conflict with the pain in the♥♥♥♥♥temperature controls, and above all else. The game needs more zombies. not just any zombies very dangerous ones, even the deadlist feral zombies in the game can be brought down quickly, there needs to be many new special infected, and slight detensed movement and feel to the existing guns to make them feel less clunky, or useless. ~jake"
76561198019673463,Recommended,251570,24302305,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,StarJammer,"-game of the year... meh... not exactly... 8/10-fun factor... hell yeah... 10/10Simply as put on the cover page, a zombie horde defense game.Cons; Graphics suck for a game this new, and sound isn't stellar.  I also had to go into my steam library and right click the game, 'run with launcher' just so it would run on my 64bit system... fail 'funpimps'.  That last con almost prevented me from getting the game at all... 'I'm not in favor of supporting developers of a new game that cant even run on Windows 7 64 bit' -MePros; A great/fun game, multiplayer and single player alike.  Enough options in the startup menu to keep you challenged for weeks of game play.  Surpasses many other new games in good old fun factor.  Which is what we're all really looking for I think.  Think I was 10 hrs in the game before I realized that all the structure features of buildings were destructible.  So in theory, a zombie horde could actually come at you through the wall of an otherwise fortified house you took over.... need to stop them? out of ammo? drop the nearby coffee table infront of the hole... lol... awesome."
76561198120223681,Recommended,251570,13671244,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NiceGuyWillis,"So at first I saw this game and went ""Gah, another ripoff of dayZ?"" but I saw through about 15 minuets on twitch that it had crafting and some other cool components, so I bought the game. After the ten hours I have played I have determined that this game is better than DayZ in litterally EVERY WAY. It has crafting, It has single player AND multiplayer. You can choose to make a house or just take one over. The Combat is actually really good for a game thats in alpha... In fact it is extremely Un-Buggy for an alpha game. I have found very few glitches or bugs after ten hours of gameplay. It has different biomes and climates, each with their own uniqe enemies.  I Really like the game.9/10 (Dayz standalone is a 6/10, just for comparison)"
76561197968005384,Recommended,251570,11550611,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,IceWolf,"One of the few Early Access games i'm playing that I actually like and think will go all the way. It truly has a gameplay cycle that gives it the feel of its own, and the smooth voxel world is absolutely beautiful.The constant threat of the undead gives the game a feel of The Walking Dead during the day (Complete with periodic herds) to Left 4 Dead at night. It's a wonderful game, and a must have if you like creativity or a true survival experience."
76561197975179494,Recommended,251570,11760498,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ZOOM,Great game 5 Stars and getting better.
76561198085641740,Recommended,251570,10680164,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DOPE AF MLG DANK SCOPER,"The son of DayZ and Minecraft,this game deserves to be in the top.The concept of scavenging for loot,from DayZ and the  destructable world,from Minecraft work so well.Me and my friend downloaded this game  when it was just in 1.3 ,and here am I ,in 8.6 looking how this game evolved so much.There were stealh elements added,new crafting   mechanics,new biomes,etc.I have so much faith that when this game will exit the early  acces stage,it will be a bestseller on Steam.I can't quiet describe  the game mechanics because there are lots of them,so I will stop at telling you how the devs  evolved the game aspects and what they added since I uninstaled it 5 months ago.For me it's a very  nice game,even if it 's still in development."
,Recommended,251570,10981298,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,disciple28792,Really good twist and challenging game. A must to checkout this year.
76561198018163273,Recommended,251570,10990950,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Busfault,Exactly how a sandbox should be!
,Recommended,251570,12113953,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Unironic Weeaboo,Diarrhea simulator 2014 10/10.
76561198093143203,Recommended,251570,11336329,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Lewd_Senpai,Good game it fun to play
,Recommended,251570,11157472,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,|☠Dovah☠|,"I have spent countless hours on this game. I must say it has my full attention. Of course there are many bugs, but nothing you can't work through. I cannot wait to see the next update, whatever they may have in store. 9/10"
76561198007896052,Recommended,251570,11980907,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Tommy W,"This game is great. Really worth a buy. Dev team updates often, a lot of changes, add-ons, bugfixes."
76561197982828130,Recommended,251570,13932543,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Flyash,"While still in development, Alpha 10.4 has many features and food effects, debuffs, medical injuries, cooking, forging, farming, weapon making, and building are very enjoyable.  The only caution is to play this on your own secure server with friends as almost all the public servers are instantly hacked and it can be frustrating losing all your hard work in seconds due to som lame cheater.  This game is pretty awesome however if you are only playing with core friends and family.   Hopefully they have anti-cheating patches soon."
76561198136960974,Recommended,251570,15837180,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,CJayKing,Barn Destroying Simulator 2015
76561198016883929,Recommended,251570,27851897,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Carpe,Reviewed for steam badge
76561198052367124,Recommended,251570,25831695,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,rapidskies,This game is one of my favorite solo survival games.  I'm waiting for A15 to come out so I can restart.  Development is slow as it is a small shop but the game is worth it and it does get major updates probably 2x a year.  I've been playing for quite awhile and it is alot of fun to starting with a handfull of grass to building your concrete castle to withstand the zombies.  Great game!
76561198071486434,Recommended,251570,28836357,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Windows 10,"Now, 7 Days to Die is a great game for creating a server and playing with friends, it however has it's cons.  Sketchy performance being one of them. I have a GTX 1070 and cannot run the game on high at 60fps or more. This game is an EA game so there is not much more to say about that. However, it's release date was in 2013. It has been three years and the game is still in alpha? I have looked at some patch notes, and watched some previews for the Alpha 16 build, and it is obvious the the devs are still supporting the game. I just wish it was further in devolpment for the time given. I enjoy the game and love playing it with friends. I hope this game does not end up like Dayz, and does get past alpha. With all of that being said 7 Days to Die is a great game. I recommend trying it out, and if you do not like it, you can refund it. 10/10 would find a pistol in the tiolet again.Edit: Turns out there is dedicated server support, removing that from my cons."
,Recommended,251570,10833668,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,castorquinn,"In Brief7 Days to Dieis Day Z-style zombie survival strongest in collaborative play.Most valuable resource:Moments of genuine fear for your life.Of interest to:people who want their zombie apocalypse to be gritty rather than comic-book, or who want to work with their friends to survive.I wrote a review for this game way back when I got it, when I had six hours in it, back in Alpha 5.  Now in Alpha 9 the game has developed and improved so much that I routinely point at it whenever people lambast Early Access as a concept.  7 Days is the very best example I know of an Early Access game on steam that was already a good, playable experience and which has, with community involvement, only become better with each update.I don't want to start listing off features as the game is adding new and improving existing features all the time - just like zombies, I want this review to remain timeless.  What I will say is that since the inclusion of infinite randomly-generated maps, the game has really opened up.  My friend an I originally holed up in the city at which we spawned, hiding on the top floor of an apartment building, scavenging food from the fridges and cupboards of the departed, eking out a meagre existence, until finally, terrorised too many times by acid-vomiting cops, ferocious dogs and the patient stalking of giant wasps, we just picked a direction and walked out into the wilderness.  We walked for hours, raiding every house we passed, watching our food and water supplies slowly diminishing, until finally, out of food, miles from our city base, in a great canyon in an open plain, we made crossbows and started hunting deer.  It took time, and we developed skills needed to take down the beasts.  We fought off zombies attracted by the smell of fresh meat, tracked down every air drop, came up with a plan to gather essential resources and cook food on the go, and then, after days of playing the game together, we felt like we had a handle on things.  With new armour, improved combat skills and a sense of confidence we returned to the city ... and spent a solid hour screaming other over vent as we struggled to survive.Zombie survival is a flooded genre.  What makes this game stand out are that the developers are constantly balancing those elements that focus on survival.  Food drops with just slightly less than the frequency you need it to, but the fullness of your belly is linked to your stamina and health.  Your health regens, but slowly, making you run away from fights that go south and cower for in-game hours waiting until you have recovered.  The crossbow is an exceptional weapon, but requires you to constantly gather feathers for bolts, compelling you to scavenge and keep moving to keep your ammunition count up.  Killing every zombie you see uses time, weapon durability and ammunition, and risks injury, but it also reduces the zombie spawn rate in an area, forcing to decide whether to kill or to avoid.  Zombies will always attack your base, so you make it strong enough to survive the night and then spend the morning repairing the damage.  Guns are powerful weapons, but also make noise, attracting other zombies.  Like no other zombie survival game 7 Days actually feels like survival.Special reference needs to be made to the variety of zombies.  Each looks, moves, sounds and fights a little differently, but the design is perfectly cohesive.  You don't feel you are fighting a cavalcade of comic book nasties; there is a consistency to the way the different zombies operate.  Terrain makes crawlers hard to shoot, but they can injure your legs, making it harder to run away, so you don't want to close with them.  Bloated corpses are really tough to take down, but go down quickly to a head shot, compelling you to stop and aim mid-fight to remove them before they reach you.  Burned corpses have a weird shambling gait that means their head is constantly ducking and bobbing, messing up your shots at range.  The charge of a dog is terrifying, but if you can hold your cool a clean head shot will end them before they reach you.  Wasps - and this is really clever - you can hear coming, their buzzing taunting you, but they don't attack immediately, and in fact targetting them with a weapon causes them to back off, making fighting them - especially when there are other targets to focus on - a real game of stoplight.  Nurses are always worth killing as they sometimes carry essential medications.  Big men may drop sham sandwiches which might keep you fed if you are starving but at the risk of reducing your stamina, preventing you from running from enemies.There are still some balance issues with the game - weapon damage is not in line with materials cost to make them, certain very cheap building materials have very high damage resistance, hordes on the new infinite map are far too scarce.  There are some bugs and some missing features - most notably for me the server time advances when you are not playing, meaning hard work and progress and using up resources from one session don't carry through to the next.  But these are all being tweaked as the game develops, and they are minor things.  If they change nothing else about this game it is already well worth the price, and is a complete experience.As one final word I encourage you to play this game with friends.  Get a private server, set up a skype call, and work together.  It only enhances the survival apocalypse feel of the game."
76561198067958023,Recommended,251570,12485077,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ALERK,"7 Days to Die is a great game! It has alot of potential to be a great game in the future, but at the moment on Mac it continues to freeze even at alpha 9.3. The consant freezing  and losing progress over and over again really frustrates me, but I would invest in the game now if you are interested in it. I have no doubt in the future that the game will be stable and playable and very enjoyable, but just not at the moment."
76561198003833106,Recommended,251570,26129383,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,toban,"Great game, awesome fun trying to survive and now with traders even better. looking forward to the new traps coming in alpha 16. great devs always talking to us players. What can I say other than check out my hours as I think they speak for how much I like this game."
76561198005688605,Recommended,251570,12660434,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,OBG{A}Nseal1975,"7 Days to Die has been the top game on my list for over a year now, the game is fun and a good co-op as well.  The devils are great about doing patches and the updates.  For it being just in alpha this game takes the cake."
76561198007478999,Recommended,251570,11760762,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Red Bearded Vagabond,"Lets see. I bought this game a while back not too long after release and to be quite honest with you, at that very time I did not enjoy one bit of it. I felt like it was released way too early, which im sure most people would agree with me. However, I just recently decided to give it another go and man can I tell you that im glad I did!This game is the only survival horror game that makes you actually feel like you are literally playing the part. Unlike DayZ this game has vitually mastered all mechanics instead of make it "" pretty "". Don't get me wrong the game is still very pleseant to look at. I also very much appreciate being able to tweek almost every aspect of the gameplay itself as far as block durability and air drop spawn frequencies just to use as an example.Is this game worth your $25? The answer is a big fat YES. The Community is outstanding and you can find people to play with in no time."
,Recommended,251570,10834434,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Red Avenger,"I enjoy the survival games and own RUST, The Stomping Land, DayZ, State of Decay and this 7DTD.  7 Days 2 Die is a very nice game to play.  The graphics update has been a massive improvement and helped seperate the game from Mincraft in my opinion.  I would say the best feature of the game is that you can play at your own pace.  Either by yourself in the ""Single Player game"" or challenge yourself in the PvE or even just play online with new people and even a option to play just with your buddies in a game where you create every rule for the game before playing.  There is even an option to play in a create mode game where you can enable the create tab where every item is available for you to use wiith out having to craft it.  So you can learn how to build things that may take time in the game.  The servers are small at the moment devs stating the game right now runs the best at 8 players.  Mutiplayer servers give admins the freedom to create there own buildings so some of the servers have extra towns that the server owner has set up to spawn items and I have to say some of them are well put together and add that extra wow feature to there servers.  I would rate the game in its current state as a 7/10.  There is still that wall in the game of ""Well I have done everthing so what is there now?"""
,Recommended,251570,16639755,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,1338 hax on,"This game is very good! Hard game. Multi & Single, saves."
76561198163725283,Recommended,251570,16866434,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lisara,amazing survival game its a lot of fun
76561198001854882,Recommended,251570,11761493,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Stranger,"This game has quite a long way to go before it's feature complete, but it's already a hell of a lot of fun and pretty expansive. The combat in particular is crunchy and satisfying, and with the infinite worlds update you can just keep travelling in one direction and never stop. Apparently vehicles are planned for the future so we'll all be zipping around in junk buggies before too long.If you like Minecraft and wanted more of a zombie survival feel to it, you'll absolutely love this game. If you like games like State of Decay and DayZ you'll probably like it too."
,Recommended,251570,15450393,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mr. Nux,51 hours worth the price!
,Recommended,251570,13543025,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Void,"I bought 7 Days to Die two days ago and have been utterly addicted ever since.This game is not GORGEOUS, but it is incredibly engaging and super tough. I've never been so utterly caught up so quickly before.Expect to die, a lot.Expect to keep putting the difficulty lower and lower until you find a happy medium where you can actually learn to play without getting killed every few minutes.It's unforgiving. It's vast. It's absolutely everything I could ever want in an open-world sandbox zombie game.Buy it now."
76561198065802178,Recommended,251570,29585424,Posted: 30 January,all,Model 0z74,">start in a forest. (anywhere else and your screwed by heat, cold, dogs, lumberjack, football zombie.)>get plant fibers>get wood>get stone>make stone axe>get more plant fibers>make fiber hat>make fiber top>make fiber gloves>make fiber pants>make fiber boots>get feathers & eggs>find more stone>get more wood>make arrows>use left over wood to make the bow.>chop down trees for more wood.>make wood club with more wood.>kill a dozen or more zombies for water, and food and some extra goodies. -run out of stamina>follow a road andloot all cars. (could be something use full) - run out of stamina>if you find a pig, stag, chicken kill with a bow to make it bleed then get the meat. - run out of stamina trying to run after the darm thing.>search any tree stumps when following road.(could be honey or even grain alcohol)>lure zombies with meat.>mainly kill nurse zombies for any healing properties. - run out of stamina>scrap the bow and wood club then make another.>mine any bricks on the road can yeild more stone then a normal stone rock.>scrap tone axe then make another.>find more birds nests on side of road.>get more feathers & eggs.>make more arrows if your running out of them.>""if"" got any glass bottles fill at the nearest pond or lake. (optional)>mine a couple of more trees. (when no durability, scrap then make another) - runout of stamina>get more plant fibers, like a lot more...>make cobblestone frames while still following road. - run out of stamina>if you run into anyother biomes, turn back go other way or stray of road and find a dirt road heading the other direction.>most likely run into a forge house. (a 2 story house with a balcony and two entrances to both floors.)>DON'T make base in forge house, instead make one near the area of the house.>get more plant fibers.>make a stone shovel.>mine down till hit rock. (where ever you want it)>mine the dirt out. (H:4xL:6xW:6, 4X6X6) - run out of stamina>mine the dirt around the entrance and replace with cobblestone frames.>place cobble stone frames in the base.>make ladders.>place ladders.>go out side mine some iron vein rocks for raw iron. - run out of stamina>find clay patches.>dig aloooot of clay. (you'll need it) - run out of stamina>mine more iron vein rocks. - run out of stamina>mine more wood for fuel for forge. - run out of stamina>half stack of raw iron and clay in forge and fuel with wood.>dig more clay while making cobblestone rocks.>make even more cobblestone rocks.>kill any wandering zombies attracted by the forge, or meat.>while reinforcing cobblestone frames to cobblestone make a fire pit.>get more plantfibers>make a bed.>make a chest>when finished with reinforcing the floor place firepit and bed and chest.>put meat in the firepit. (if have cooking pot make bacon & eggs),(if have cooking grill make grilled meat)>place any items that you dont need into chest.>if have iron more than 40 make scrap hatch.(if not scrap 2 dozen raw iron.)>go to the forge and then make forged iron.>reinforce the walls and the roof and entrance.>when house is finished if 12-2am explore the surounding area find lake, or extra iron veins and clay deposits.>mark those spots if you wish on map.>if the sun is going down grab the forged iron from forge then turn off forge.>reinforce the hatch>go in base>hear a dark soundtrack at 10pm>wait till day time.>wait.>wait..>wait...>wait....>wait.....>wait......>if you hear zombies, crouch.>minimize all signs of life.>hear a lightful charm at 6am>go out side>find multiple cop cars and cops out side with multiple S.W.A.T teams, with lots of heart broken people Behind them.>get charged with. Dozens of counts of Murder, destruction of property, Stealing, tresspassing, animal abuse, Drug possesion, conspiracy, Domestic Violence, Homiside, indecesent exposure, manslaughter, vandalisim and burgulary.>sent to jail for a life time sentence.10/10 will follow this guide again"
,Recommended,251570,28684827,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,oBerry,I just played this game for 18 hours straight
,Recommended,251570,29173133,Posted: 10 January,all,Karl Marx,"Great game! Allowed me and my closest proletariats to rise up and fight back against the dirty bourgeoisie zombies. We were able to take back all that was rightfully ours and create our own world with no class struggle. A society of cooperation, one in which the working people were free, we finally seized control of the means of production. I hope that all others will follow our example and take back what is rightfully theirs from their oppressors ."
,Recommended,251570,25230451,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SAK | Scumm -ScE-,Best survival game ever!
,Recommended,251570,12200706,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Phatboy,"Minecraft for men!Terribly addictive and a great buy, supported by frequent updates and a suprisingly nice player base that usually introduce themselves before murdering you for a can of chilli beef."
,Recommended,251570,16382660,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Darkweaver,"Although still Early Access, currently Alpha 14, this captivating game has enough content and replayability to entertain and keep you busy for hundreds of hours if not more. Going forward there is amazing potential and plans in the development process as well. Developers are constantly working on improving and adding new features to this sandbox game.A premade and a random procedurally generated map are the current options for the game world. Haven't played on the premade ""Navezgane"" map very much but random generated world is fantastic and so much fun, be it single player mode or multiplayer. There are public servers to play on as well.One very noteworthy experience I would like to share is playing on a public PvP server. There are a handful of properly managed servers out there, but when done right with active admins etc., the PvP server experience is comparible to Rust itself and the game struck me as a super detailed (in terms of base building and crafting) and a more relaxed, less hostile PvP version of Rust. It is still kill on sight, but bases are much more safe and durable, which is configurable. As a player who is frustrated with the PvP experience in Rust, this was the perfect alternative for me, couldn't have asked for a better improvement over Rust! Cities and towns to loot, spawn containers to control, air drops and hidden treasures to snatch, base(s) to defend both vs. players and zombie hordes, hunt the wildlife for food, character progression, design a base for security AND aesthetics using many different types of building materials, taking into account gravity and block pyhsics in this voxel based world. Dig an underground bunker, build a tower to the skies, whatever you want!An amazing zombie survival voxel based sandbox game. Much recommendo."
,Recommended,251570,15431417,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,✯Jebsy✯,Great game but poorly optimised they need to get that fixed rather bring in more features....
76561198014284112,Recommended,251570,16963474,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,B-Nix (BCON),"excellent game, games always updating, this game is evolving into something epic. BUY IT!!!!! BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251570,26319442,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wrathful Monk™,"I am not one for Zombie games, but that is only a small part of this game; it is a group surival game!As a Solo game it's maybe 8/10, Multiplayer 10/10 and Streaming it's 5/7! Now that the hordes are dynamic and personalised there is no coasting out in the middle of nowhere, you work together in a group or you DIE!If you want a game where trolling is punished, this is it! Any decent server has to remove the trolls asap or the Team DIES!And let me be clear I have 2 zombie games I enjoy, this and Plants vs Zombies..."
76561198125411956,Recommended,251570,15407126,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,WhiteSushiEater,Spent 10 hours making a dirt wall around our house with four friends. Next day a feral horde came and #rekt our wall and house.  Everyone died.  Went to bed and cried myself to sleep.  11/10 Would make a dirt wall again
76561198044861335,Recommended,251570,15712587,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Linksparta112,"7 days to die is basically a survival game, its like a advanced version of minecraft, where the zombies are more aggressive and dangerous.If minecraft and survival isn't your thing then this game will not be suitable for you.In 7 days to die your goal is to survive but you can also be aggressive and hunt zombies instead its up to you.build a fotress against the limitless horde or a farm and live peacefully in the wild, or simply move from one location to another surviving on what you find there are many ways to play this game.But I definately recommend playing the Multiplayer its fun, PVP is not bad but it does get annoying when peoples who have been on the server longer pick on the new comers. Some servers are PVE and the community are pretty friendly just don't go joining a game and start asking for freebies................."
76561197976678153,Recommended,251570,15720776,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sypha,"I've been playing this for sometime now some 6months, Its still in development and still progressing nicely if a little slower than i'd like. Since Unity engine has been implented the graphics are truly amazing making everything crisp and scenic, Gamplay is great fun although still many bugs throught none that i would say really impact too much on playing.I love the crafting, poping zombie heads finding loot and general ambience of your typical survival fest.If i'm honest at this point in time i am starting to become bored. There could be so much more (and i imagine at some point there will be...when is a different matter) Once you build that great fort or team up and pvp om multi-player server or loner out in your own sandbox it all becomes repetitative. there is a nice array of tools and things to build, cook, farm and mine but once you have suited and armed up with a sniper rifle, magnum or smg it all becomes kinda pointless not that it isnt still fun in its own right.....What i hope we will see... More weapons, Traps, Armor, Vehicles. (im thinking 5+ times more what is already available)Mega Zombies with variety of skills sets to compliement the atomosphere Like while you raiding a town and searching an attic only to turn on a light and see the whole in stasis family swaying with blood lust at your arrival. Big Zombie ""see the size of that thing""  &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥im out of ammo.F""£%..RUN!"". Im sure everyone can pick a unique setting or zombie and its that lacking part that for the most part at AT THIS TIME making it all a little mundane.But Overall im still playing so that speak volumes. Finger crossed i get all i wish for and then some.Worth a look if you like this sort of thing.!! Buy it."
76561198052625457,Recommended,251570,15717022,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hillbilly Gamer,This game has made me forgett to survive in the real world as i forgett to eat from time to time. Its a wonderfull Survival game and i can`t wait to see what the future will bring in the upcoming releases :)
,Recommended,251570,15415925,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,UrMumsAhoe,"It's a good game, and it's even better with friends."
76561197999131540,Recommended,251570,15708560,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Curmudgeon,Awesome. Great sand box game and its come along way in alpha
76561198256549921,Recommended,251570,20192826,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HypoxicPanda,Fantastic game with endless possibilities!
76561198028476967,Recommended,251570,13192625,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jeradox,"I want to start out by saying out of the gate, this review isn't going to just be on the game itself, but also the developers creating this masterpiece. This game as it stands right now (in Alpha 10.2) is in it's current state, more ""complete"" and feature rich and immersive than many other ""complete"" zombie games out there (looking at you infestation). If you like zombie games like ""State of Decay"", but wish it was multiplayer coop, or ""Infestation"" and ""DayZ"" but wish it wasn't a PvP gank fest, then this is your game. The developer has put up two meaningful and excellent updates in the time I have owned it, and a hotpatch to fix some gripes the community have with in 24 hours of a patch drop to fix things.  The developers are very good at what they do, and the game is very good at what it was intended to do.For those that don't know 7D2D is an amazing combination of Minecraft and State of Decay with a lot of emphasis on multi player coop (although not required to survive). You want the rush of having to make yourself a shelter and building that hole in the ground into a full fledged zombie fortress? Look no further. The lighting effects are impressive, the crafting is intuitive, the zombie AI is not bad (there is room for improvement but hey, it's still in Alpha). Overall the game is great fun if you play solo or with friends.You want this game, it's worth it at full price... even more so when it's on sale."
,Recommended,251570,25898092,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kilo,Very pleased with this game. Specially with its last update! Me and my girlfriend have been having lots of fun running around and surviving.
76561198173143062,Recommended,251570,33344163,Posted: 7 July,all,ム Mr.Crumpet  ◕_◕ ム,great game gotta know how to play it thodeffinetly watch some youtube vids on it it will help alot
76561197983869154,Recommended,251570,33732023,Posted: 22 July,all,Diemex,"Survival, exploration, base building.... etcThis game delivers.  I can easily recommend it,  solid purchase."
,Recommended,251570,14269850,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,manios,"7 Days to Die is a fun and refreshing survival/horror game. I enjoy the exploration of different biomes and the ability to search and loot practically every building and trash bag in the universe. It's great to play and search alone in singleplayer, but even better when you team up with friends and raid enemy bases and massive skyscrapers! The game gets even better at night, when the stars are out and the zombies get crazier, adding to the horror and intense feel of wanting to stay hidden from view of them, however sometimes the AI of the zombies is a bit silly and pulls away from the feel, but the game is still in development so I can assume it will be fixed in the future. Overall this game is great and well worth the money. You can expect many hours of fun and new places that you haven't explored."
,Recommended,251570,14331745,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,OneBadPanda,"Great game that keeps on getting better.  Highly playable for an alpha game.  The game needs a bit more of a storyline or objective of some sort.  Right now it has a minecraft-style gameplay, which I am not a huge fan of but it's a solid zombie game."
,Recommended,251570,18854719,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Galizur,"Good graphics, good gameplay, the creators are always adding content and listening to the community... What else can I say?"
,Recommended,251570,22904660,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Khaos Strife,"Do you like minecraft?Do you like zombies?Do you like building epic bases while fighting zombies?Then this game might be it for you.I think the game has been in Alpha for like a million years now.... at least that is how it feels.I have been playing since Alpha version 6.x and I will say that it has come a very LONG way from what it once was. Seeing this game evolve like it has definitely has been one hell of treat and ride for me.I highly recommend this game. I mean, I only have over 350 hours in this game after all. ;)"
76561198004298185,Recommended,251570,33821655,Posted: 26 July,all,Nada,"i don't understand how i am only getting 27 FPS over this game, It is barely on the level of Oblivion for graphics appearance(that is beign nice) and it is somehow chewing up my GTX 1080? I am using an i7 with 16Gb of system mem. How much SHOULD it take to max this game out! I get 50FPS on Fallout4 in 4k with all settings maxed. Tom clancy no prob 60-70 on the latest games, 7 dayst to die...20 something! what is that about!"
,Not Recommended,251570,22760114,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BlUeWaFfLeMaKeR,"I haven't had this game for long but the moment I started playing I was hooked. Sadly I am one of the unfortunate people who get crashes when the game loads immediately. And all you can do is look how people complain on steam and on the forums about this with a simple ""it must be your hardware"" excuse the whole time. Well if that is the case please change your requirements for the game as you are currently selling a lie. I can see its being shrugged off by developers as they don't care anymore as they are going to console so the clients that already paid and that they lost now is just one of those things in early development. Really thought the fun pimps was more into the game and less into the fame. Can't blame them I guess. Would still love to be able to play the new releases as it does look awesome. I am giving it a thumbs down as I wont want anyone else fall victim to buying a game that might well not work on your pc even though they say it would. Don't buy it if you are not 100% sure it will work."
,Recommended,251570,26111206,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kyoujin Anei,"With the newest A15 update, which has updated the game even further and brought much more substance to the game, I figured it was a good time to do a review.Originally, I hated this game back when I first bought it, back around the time the original game came out. It has become a complete turnaround for me, and currently it's a game I'm very addicted to.Before I go on, I do want to say that the majority of my experience in this game is in single player. But I'm sure multiplayer with randoms can be just as exciting as a game like DayZ. And playing the game with just friends, well.. it can become an incredible co-op experience.First off, I love survival-type games like DayZ and the like (more specifically, DayZ Epoch/Overpoch and DayZ Origins). I also love base building, hording weapons/items/etc, and stuff like that. In this game, building a base, as well as going out and getting supplies, building up my arsenal and so on, is a lot of fun.Build a base, build defenses, take care of your survival needs such as hunger and hydration (which goes even deeper with having to be careful about your temperature, and diseases), and survive the hordes that come every seven days - hence the name of the game. To make everything all the more better, the game includes RPG elements that reward you for killing zombies, scavenging, building and much more. It all becomes together as an incredibly addictiveIf you're new and you want to get settled in before getting overwhelmed, there are plenty of options in single player that allows you to change the difficulty. You can even turn off zombies, which can allow you to build a base in peace, before you decide to take on the hordes. There are a lot of options, from changing how much loot there is out in the world, to how thick the zombie population is in the world.. from difficulties varying from ""Very Easy"" to ""Very Hard.""As you work on your base, you can go out and loot, level up, kill zombies and try to find weapons, equipment and building supplies to make your life a lot easier. The RPG system makes the game all the more addicting, as I stated before.There are a lot of options now when it comes to building bases, whether you're using different materials (wood, scrap metal, concrete, etc). Making an ultimate base that can stand a beating will takes time to build, as you'll generally want to use concrete, which will take awhile to craft. It's a good end-game type scenario to go for, and while you wait, you can make bases made out of wood to start you out. It doesn't take that long to build a simple base with wood, and with the right supplies, you can even upgrade your wooden base to more solid materials, such as scrap metal, brick, concrete and more. Meaning, you don't have to destroy your starter base made out of wood. Instead, you can upgrade it/build around it. And with the A15 update, there are a ton of different things you can build for your base, to make it your own original fortress. Just look up images of what people have done with their bases in the game, especially bases built in the current A15 build.Create a simple log cabin in the woods and live out your days in the wild. Dig yourself a secret underground bunker, with a giant maze of underground mining tunnels. Find a mountain and dig in, build a fortress that zombies and bandits alike would have trouble getting into, using both your structures and the mountain to protect you and your loot. Or make it easy, find an existing building in the world and customize it to your liking (just be aware of zombies spawning nearby).Heck, you can actually build a castle with a moat and a working drawbridge - though I'd recommend filling the moat with spikes and other defenses, as zombies aren't really bothered by water!Even if you aren't into base building, there's still a lot to do. Killing zombies, collecting items.. and if you're playing multiplayer, and if you're into that sort of thing, you can hunt players if you prefer a more PvP element. I don't have much experience with that in this game so I can't really go into it, but with my experience, I can't imagine it being bad.There's so much to collect and build on, and the game is still in early access.. meaning, there'll be even more added. And there's already a lot of different items to collect in the world as is, so it's extremely exciting to think about how the game will turn out once it's officially out of early access!In the end, the base building and looting mixed with the RPG element makes it a game that's not only incredibly addictive, it also gives it endless replayability. Your skills in the RPG department can effect many things. It can effect the level of loot you find, with the more you level up, the better level of loot you'll find. You can level up your Rifle skills, Handgun, Blunt or Bladed Weapons, and more. Focus on leveling on one in particular, or try to raise all your skills at the same time.Each time you level up - or complete missions - you are rewarded skill points. You can level up your skills by using these skill points, and/or you can also level up certain abilities by other means. Such as, if you want to raise your Scavenging skill, you can spend points in it. Otherwise, each time you loot an object, you gain experience towards your Scavenging skill. Same goes for pretty much all the rest of the skillsets, such as using Rifle weaponry to level up your Rifle skill level, using/building mining tools to level up your Mining and so on. There are also special abilities that can only be bought, that can make some of your base skills even more powerful, such as buying an ability that gives your bladed weapons a better chance to dismember your opponent's head/arm/leg, and much more.I could go on for quite awhile, so I'll just say.. if you aren't convinced yet, just go on Youtube and watch videos of other people playing the game. If you're into survival games, looting and base building.. or if you're into games such as Minecraft or DayZ, then chances are you'll enjoy it.Pros -- Endless replayability, whether you're playing alone or with friends.- Base building is a lot of fun, and there are a ton of blocks and such that'll allow you to create your own unique base.- RPG elements that end up mixing extremely well with the survival and base building aspects of the game, which ends up making the game incredibly addictive.- A lot of variety when it comes to items you can find in the world, and a good amount of variety when it comes to zombies, clothing, building blocks and more.- If you get bored of the main map, you can create a random map - complete with seeds - similar to Minecraft.- You can build a motorcycle once you get the right materials, making traveling the world a lot easier and faster. The better the engine, the faster it'll go, making it so the game isn't a complete walking simulator.- Too much to list, honestly. Read the TLDR version above and you'll get the gist of it.Cons -(First off, chances are these will be changed - hopefully for the better - as the game is still in early access.)- Weather system can be incredibly frustrating. You'll generally need to plan out what clothing to take with you, depending on what biome you go to. Some of the biomes are WAY too sensitive. It's not too bad once you get used to it and have the clothing you need, but it could definitely be annoying to new players, or experienced players creating new characters that are starting off from scratch.- While I don't mind this myself, some may be turned off to some of the grinding you may have to do to build concrete bases, or to find good items, such as the Auger which allows you to dig underground/collect rock and ores extremely quickly. It will take time.- Addictive! :] Which is.. bad for some people, I guess? lol."
,Recommended,251570,12743926,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,lazerblade,"Please note - this is an early access review.First off, let me say that I postponed reviewing this game due to having reviewed another early access game a bit too soon, and being forced to revise my review of that game because of it.Several of my friends bought into this game much earlier than I did. I held out because I'd been burned by early access before. But eventually I decided that, while 7 Days to Die was on sale, I should give it a try. So I did. I have not been disappointed.I'll list the good and bad first, then give a synopsis. Most people seem to like that kind of review style.ProsGame is currently playable and has plenty to do.Game has random world generation that is currently infinite - never run out of things to explore.Game uses voxels similar to Minecraft making everything interactive on some level.Game has hundreds of recipes for crafting.Game has farming, with 5 (soon to be 6) plantable seed types.Game has zombies to keep you on your toes, including running and fast variations.Game menu offers a wide variety of options to allow you to play the game the way you want to play it.Game has building with a wide variety of block types - make a hut, a cave or a castle, you are only limited by your imagination.Game has a wide variety of weapons with many more coming soon, from melee to projectile (clubs to guns).Game has buffs, debuffs and player attributes that must be maintained for optimal character performance. These include stamina, hunger, thirst, health, caffeine, broken bones, infection, bleeding, drowning, and several others.Game has day / night cycles with varying levels of light.Relatively low system requirements with decent framerate even on a laptop.ConsCurrently no transportation methods, so infinite world can be daunting. These should be coming in the next few months.Limited zombie types with common skins - not a lot of zombie variety (roughly 12 different types). This should increase in the next few months.Lots of bugs - some that prevent an enjoyable multiplayer experience, but most aren't game-breaking.Synopsis / SummaryHaving played over 300 hours in the past 4.5 months, I'd say I already got my money's worth out of this game. I spend a lot of time on the official forums and have gotten a good feel for how the developers and moderators react to many things. Though the players and developers do defend their game when something negative is said, it doesn't feel like a hostile conversation for the most part.7DTD is a great game, even now in its uncompleted form. I have enjoyed playing numerous hours with my son and a few friends. The focus of the game is cooperative survival, but there's definitely a place for PvP. Nothing really feels like it was tacked on as an afterthought, although many of the sub-systems within the game are or feel like placeholders.If you're looking for a destructible world where survival and sandbox gameplay mix beautifully with a zombie apocalypse, look no further. I've never played Minecraft, but as far as I can tell, this is what mature, adult Minecraft would be. If you find someone else's review that states they do not recommend the game, look at their hours. Anything less than 10 hours and they have barely scratched the surface. Anything over 40 hours and they obviously enjoyed the game enough to keep coming back.I don't like to compare games unless they have a lot in common, at least regarding play style. But as far as early access goes, 7DTD has restored my faith in indie development teams. I've never put this many hours into a game before. And I'm far from bored, or done, playing it. Go buy it, or watch some youTube videos, and see what you're missing out on."
,Recommended,251570,14246858,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Max Lawless,"Don't let my 116+ hours fool you; I was playing 7 Days to Die in 2013.  Today we are at Alpha 10.4 - well over a year from initial release and I still can't get enough.   For those with a creative mind and a love of all things zombie - you may skip my review and purchase the game with confidence.  For the curious or undecided, please read on.This is a game that stands head and shoulders above all other early-access-survival offerings by far.  Unlike some of those work-in-progress titles, 7 days delivers uncommon depth and the opportunity for unlimited hours of enjoyable gameplay today.  Exciting, challenging and content heavy - you will gather, loot, hunt, farm, cook, mine, forge, craft and build as you fight to survive the zombie apocalypse.RPG elements don't overwhelm but enhance the experience and include full character customisation.  Through a clever 'wellness system' with buffs and debuffs (including clothing, armor, infection, broken bones, hunger, thirst etc.) you have a real reason to invest in your characters upkeep.   The healthier your lifestyle, the stronger you become and the longer you live.   Death - whilst inevitable - is not permanent but comes at the cost of said wellness.  Let it fall too low and as a weakling, you will struggle.Hundreds of loot types from full weapons to tools to scrap metals and seeds must be managed and stored in your custom base.  Build Fort Knox, Edinburgh Castle, an underground lair or a shed made of wood, the choice is yours and with hundreds of materials to use, you are limited only by your imagination, skill and dedication.  Keep in mind - zombies *will* pay your base a visit.Through that dedication, you will go from undressed and unarmed to being an iron clad, heavily armed killing machine, (relatively) safe in your spiked fortress.Other reasons to recommend this wonderful game include :- Tight controls- Handsome visuals- Highly customisable game options- Procedurally generated endless maps or 'Navezgane' - a prefab map- Real physics (think 'Minecraft with gravity')- Free of game-breaking bugs- Tower Defence elements- Large and growing online community- Detailed Wiki and stacks of Youtube content for the beginner- Guaranteed further development by passionate devs (Alpha 11 due late February)- Value for money!- ZOMBIEZ and SHOTGUNS!I've been a gamer since the 1980's, starting with Grundig Pong.  7 Days to Die is *the game* I've always wanted.Thank you Fun Pimps.   My rating : 9/10 (leaving 1 spare point for the completed release!)Right, I'm off to kill some zombies.Besos,Max xP.S.  If I can tack on one slightly negative comment :  Some public servers do currently contain hackers and griefers intent on spoiling your experience.  This said, it is a mostly helpful and friendly online community."
,Recommended,251570,31742269,Posted: 14 May,all,theyareseven,amazing game
76561197960938385,Recommended,251570,24432075,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,KaptainHammer,"Can be fun with building, has some glitches still though. Haven't played on a server with more then 3 people though."
76561198038864408,Recommended,251570,25414859,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,rugby8matt,"I am writing this review in response to Holly nielsons post on how this game is 'wasting its potential'...Ok first of all, it's still in alpha. Secondly, for me graphics and animations are by far the least important aspect of a game...gameplay is whats important and 7 Days to Die has some of the funnest gameplay out there, If your a creative person. You see, someone like holly likes to be handed fun on a silver platter where as if you create fun things in a sandbox the limits are endless. The crafting/building aspect of this game alone is better than minecraft and then you add in zombies and the tower defense aspect and you have pure 500 hours plus of fun and andventure without even reaching a max level character or seeing everything in a random gen map. Then you add PvP which I think is absolutley amazing as well, once you get the PvE elements down you learn to stalk people, follow their trail of looted trash, case their fortress and then eventually take them out. No this isnt Call of duty where you get kills all the time bc in this game its about survival and dying is really rough. These things are positives for someone who uuses their brain and makes hidden drop boxes with extra sets of gear and thinks ahead for these things. Further more you can always turn up the setting to have zombies set to 'Always Run' a challenge ive been working on for some time now and its very possible and very fun! overall 7 days to die is amazing and the only way to get bored in the game is to stop being creative..mic drop"
,Recommended,251570,25406539,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,"I actually really like it compared to other zombie survival games. I bought it when it first came out and tried it again the other day. Really impressed.Also, not sure at all why people are complaining about the console port. That means more money to fund what? DEVELOPMENT!There are new servers out there that are sbolutely amazing.I mean, instead of this, I could be playing a white girl with♥♥♥♥♥♥in Rust.EDITED 10/06: THE NEW UPDATE IS AWESOME. THANKS!"
,Recommended,251570,16479267,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KeeChainZ,"If you want a zombie game where there actually are zombies that don't glitch through walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill you, then get it. Unlike most games like dayz and h1z1 where it is impossible to find loot and you rarely see zombies but when you do they glitch around and kill you, then get this. Zombies don't glitch around that much and you can search through many things and get many supplies and make your own bases and weapons. I highly suggest it, it is a fun game that I bought during summer sale and plan to spend much more time playing. I am not real big into single player games, so if you are like me, I suggest playing this with a friend.9/10"
,Recommended,251570,9012094,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,MoeyDW,"This game is one of my fav games, Plus if you added they you could get armour like military vests and balistic helmet that would be great 10/10 game :D"
76561197992093832,Recommended,251570,9018322,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Phyxiis,It's a fun mix between Minecraft and DayZ
76561198029978533,Recommended,251570,8817267,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,America_Yea,this game has a massive ammount of potential i can see it going to good places in the near future.  Definately already a fully workable gameplay experience.  I can't wait to see what they are going to do next with this game.
,Recommended,251570,26040820,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Exidous,"My all time favorite game. This is my go to game in my eclectic game library. Even though it is early access, the developers are dedicated! Constantly working with their community and listening. Balancing and adding features that the community recommends is the way of the future. The game itself just continues to get better and better as time goes on. The graphics are pretty decent but could be better. The content is incredible. There is literally so much to do, you could spend hours and hours doing one thing and move to another. The Fun Pimps are sticking to their word. Adding kickstarter goals and adding a bunch of other epic features is awesome. This is and always will have a deep rooted spot in my heart. It does take time to get used to the gameplay, people that are new will get frustrated and upset, but end game is so rewarding and gratifing. If you havent yet, please check out this game if you are a zombie horror survival game lover!Update: I am a VR enthusiast and just read that the developers will be adding VR support. I cannot wait and am so excited that developers are adopting new technologies and are open to new features. Great!"
,Recommended,251570,24597054,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lembocha,"The gang set out on motorcycles to raid another group's base. Stole everything, broke what could not be taken, and left their main room full of human feces.10/10 would soil your living room again."
76561198014319882,Recommended,251570,18882852,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,EastBeast,"This is one of my favorite games I have ever played. With the saturation of gathering/crafting games in the last few years it almost seems like the genre will be played out soon. But this game, in my opinion, outshines any of the other games remotely similar to it by far.The developers are always active and you can follow what they're working on via their development blog. A lot of people complain about the fact that they estimate a release date and sometimes the update won't be out until a little bit after but, in my book, that's the sign of a good development team. They're willing to push back a release to make sure that it is how they envisioned it, functioning properly, playable. You can tell they love this game and put their all into it.Hosting your own server is pretty awesome, I love the options you have to make the game however easy or difficult you desire. I originally was hosting my own server off of my second computer during alpha 11 but as I was running into issues. I ended up joining a server with similar settings I enjoyed and had a much better experience with letting someone else manage the server so I could just play and enjoy. I believe my map data was corrupting but I didn't spend too much time troubleshooting so I'm not positive.To sum things up, I love this game and would highly recommend it to any one who ever enjoyed minecraft and left4dead...This game is kind of like those two had a kid. Zombies run at night, every 7 days there is a feral horde that will stop at nothing to kill you, PvP servers are pretty brutal (and super fun!), active developers...whats not to love?**************************************************************************************************************Here it is about a year later, Wrote a second review forgetting I had already wrote one:I've been playing since version A-9. I enjoyed it back then and it has come a long way since then and I still love it. I have probably spent 3X more time playing this game than any other game I have ever owned.It is a unique open world zombie survival game. It's like minecraft and left for dead had a baby.The devs, The Fun Pimps, have been pretty on top of this game and, if not pushing frequent updates out, allowing you to follow their progress and work via their Tumblr account. The shear amount of rebalancing and overhaul that they've done on this game gives it a fresh feel everytime I play through it again.If you get this game and it feels like you have everything you could ever want...well my advice is start over from lvl 1 on a new random gen map and have another go at it. Try joining a different server, PVP servers are a whole different experience from PVE servers. If you've only ever played single player, join a pve server and try to join up with a group or get your friends to join you, it really changes the dynamic of the game.I ran my own server for a little while, there are plenty of options to change and customize the game play to your liking from loot spawn frequency and amount, day light hours and over all 24 hour cycle real to real time ratio(zombies sprint at night), zombie spawn frequency and difficulty, and many more options to get it just the way you want it.I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys survival games and zombies."
,Recommended,251570,11958977,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,38-BULLET,"This game is an enjoyable mix of the survival and sandbox genres. It poses many challenges at the beginning such as the infected dogs, food, water, basic infected, and more. The game seems very promising and is even more fun with friends. For an early alpha this game has impressed me for the rich content already available and makes me anticipate future updates."
,Recommended,251570,13377204,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,NeutralPlutoTV,7 Days To Die 8/10Spawned In Same Location Over And Over And Didn't Know What To Do 2/10Made Some Friends And Kicked A Lot Of♥♥♥♥♥And They Showed Me The Ropes 9/10Playing Solo 6/10With Friends 10/10Base Building Is Awesome And Crafting Menu Is Cool 10/10Has A Minecraft Feel To It But Has Better Graphics 8/10Zombie Dogs Are Super Cool 10/10 Would DogeExploding Fat Zombies 9/10Different Biomes On The Map 10/10I Recommend This Game If You Like Zombies And Like Hardcore Survival
76561198075032994,Recommended,251570,16413227,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Karma,"Phenomenal Early Access game...incredible amount of content that combines exploration, scavenging, crafting, building and, of course, zombie slaying : )  The options available include single and multiplayer and multiplayer is available either by joining an existing public server or hosting your own game with friends only.  The are various setting options which allow you to control everything from day/night cycles to zombie spawn rates (and much, much more....the options are incredible!).  This allows you to enter the game at any intensity, from hardcore to no-zombies at all if you just want to get the hang of crafing, tunnelling, etc. without interruption before bashing some heads in. There are so many materials to build with and the freedom to build original structures any way you like, the possibilities are endless.  And, of course, zombie slaying : )  Thank you, Devs, for making such an in-depth and fantastic game!"
,Recommended,251570,30137216,Posted: 24 February,all,freakii79,"I purchased this game when it was Alpha 9.3; I have played SP for a long time before joining MP servers which got enjoyable. I also run a lightly modded MP PvE server with TS..Its development is good for the most part. And we anticipate a better experience from TFP in the future..Highly recommended, but keep in mind: It is in Alpha, so expect bugs;"
76561198088138816,Recommended,251570,28397716,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,texcat66,"Completely addicting game. Perfect blend of survival, zombies, and sandbox building."
76561198086863106,Recommended,251570,26284149,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SLDR - Editor,"I love this game. however, if you don't like huge learning curves this may not be the game for you."
76561198095116841,Recommended,251570,25955926,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Erathor_Noname,Pretty cool. The performance is a bit bad and it does take alot of RAM.But the survival aspect is really exciting wheter you are going thru ghost towns for some loot or you are hiding from danger.The horror aspect really kicks in as the nights are pitch black. I will recomend it :)
76561198244819372,Recommended,251570,30286938,Posted: 2 March,all,Biyu,真的很棒的游戏 ^.^
76561198043020144,Recommended,251570,28710432,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Acurisur (Kaleb),"Bought this as a bit of a gamble as I very rarely buy early access games and it was on sale.Best £7 I've ever spent. The game is hard to describe but it's like a cross between Minecraft, Left 4 Dead, Skyrim and State of Decay.You can craft weapons, armour, tools, clothes, ammo, medicine, food, water in fact practically anything in fact as long as you have the ingredients and the knowledge to craft the item. Some items you already know how to craft right from the start like a bow and arrows, boiled water and charred meat, others like steel you need to learn during gameplay.You'll start off in a ""safe zone"" where no zombies have spawned and it will stay that way for 5 in game hours (as of alpha 15). Use that time wisely to craft your starting gear which you'll find the ingredients for in your starting area, stuff like stone axes and plant finer clothes, a wooden club and a bow and arrows. This stuff is absolutely  vital to have before the zombies start spawning at 12 midday in your starting area and everywhere else once you leave the starting area.The game map is vast. It's made up of different areas know as biomes, they are pine forest, oak tree forest,  burnt forest, wasteland, desert and snow. The best ones for a noob are the pine and oak tree forest biomes. Avoid burnt forest and desert until you're more experienced apart from passing through or if you want some yucca fruit and aloe Vera plants which are in the desert biome.Avoid snow biomes due to the cold weather and lumberjack zombies who are very powerful when you first start.  Avoid wasteland biomes like the plague, this is the hardest area on the entire map, expect very harsh conditions,  very little plant life and a lot more zombies as well as the ""special"" zombies that spawn in the wasteland, you'll also have to deal with zombie dogs that can kill even an experienced player if you're not paying attention.You'll have until 10pm if you set the game to 18 hours of daylight before nightfall (highly recommended). During the nighttime you'll want to be inside a prefabricated building, on at least the first floor up and destroy the bottom part of the stairs. This is because at nighttime the zombies start running like in left4dead and can be hard to spot if you happen to outside at night.You can also make your own base but for your first night or two a prefabricated building is fine, just make secure it's secure. From day 2 or 3 though you'll need to start making your own base or fortify the prefabricated building you're in.So you're probably wondering why it's called 7 Days to Die? Well, on day 7 and every 7 days after that at nightfall (so 10pm on day 7 and so on) there will be a blood moon. You'll know it when you see it. You need to be in your base by 9pm at the latest otherwise you may get caught out by the lack of light or what comes next - a zombie horde.They will be running (unless you've set them to walk) and they can sense you no matter how well you hide (with a few noteable exceptions) so you'll have to fight them. They will also keep coming until dawn. Be prepared with plenty of arrows for your bow and prepare yourself by drinking and eating just before the horde arrives.Overall I highly recommend this game."
76561198075813511,Recommended,251570,29836632,Posted: 10 February,all,Mirkuryzer0,This is the best survival game.there is nothing better and the game is always being updated.play this NOW!!!!!!!!
76561198154875623,Recommended,251570,29864378,Posted: 11 February,all,Tammie,This is an awsome game.  Everyone should buy it and play it
76561197976765520,Recommended,251570,28386127,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Martin_SJ,"Great game and very addictive, I think because you can ""choose"" more or less what you want per playtime:1) Feel like FPS-ing? Grab you bow/shotgun/other and go round up some zomblers and start blowing their heads off!2) Feel like a loot-♥♥♥♥♥? Grab your minibike (with extra storage) and hit the villages/factories/other and loot and dismantle away until your inventory is packed with goodies!3) Feel minecraft-ish creative? Grab your wood/concrete/other and build your own castle or fortress, including a moat and nasty spike traps to keep them zomblers at bay!At the same time spiced up with a scary horde night every 7 days, so you never feel 100% safe or bored, as you are always preparing for the next assault on your precious base.Cons: Still a few graphic glitches (but no crashes though), and I lost my beloved minibike once (can see its a known bug).Bottomline: If you like ANY of the above 3, then buy this game! Its not that expensive, and in my opinion you get really good value for money here."
76561197977139002,Recommended,251570,28786215,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,R0TS,"this game is awesome. ofc kids will complain about graphics bla bla... don't care, did not listen..."
,Recommended,251570,24502629,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Funny Man,"I'm really enjoying this game, I've been playing it for some time and there are some annoying stuff but its an alpha game so it's to be expected.If you would like to play this game I suggest you look up some youtubers that do play throughs on this game (example kage848) because to like this game you need to understand how it works and you have to play it for lots of hours to experiance it all."
,Recommended,251570,8694032,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Keweiler,Its not so bad ^^ best zombie survival game so far :)
76561197986688603,Recommended,251570,9687271,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ZombieWorm,"Absolute surprise...I didn't have low expectations but being an early access game made me have some doubts. I haven't had any issues really as of yet and the game is fun to play.  You don't have to focus on crafting if you don't want and trying to survive is more your thing.  Well thought out so far, looking forward to what else can be done...though I would like if you could control the total population limit sorta like Project Zomboid has a ""limit"" but different games and the current system works well for 7...so really, I have no complaints.  Good game, keep up the great work devs."
,Recommended,251570,9371213,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ｚａｖｉ,7 Days to Die. A great potential. Loving the game more and more as the new stuffs getting added. I actually thought I might regret buying it but I'm happy to say I loved it and I think it'll be even greater when it's released.
76561198013813248,Recommended,251570,9242527,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Spev,"Bought this game as a 2 pack yesturday, took awhile to find a server to access two of us kept getting rejected or no connection.BUT and I say a big but we had no problems with the game play or having fun.The reason we did not buy this game for a long time was due to the bad feed back.Building was a bit difficult but getting the hang of it."
,Recommended,251570,9728642,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Seanieboy,"For the stages that this game is currently in, I am truly impressed. I have always been a fan of both the days and mine craft style games so for them to come together in a sense and form this game is truly awesome. Grant it there are a few bugs that the dedicated staff is still working on, but at this point the game is stable and tons of fun. I do not regret for one second buying this game and neither will you if you give it a chance."
76561197976439337,Recommended,251570,9210111,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Manny,"This game is a must have, if you like zombie games get this game, or if you like to build, or survive in the wild this game is awesome!"
76561198124971135,Recommended,251570,9727972,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Hastur the Unspeakable,"7 Days to Die is good zombie apocalypse game that holds on to a realistsic game play style. As a survivor you have to scavenge for everyday necessaties like food and water while avoiding being eaten. A key and realistic feature, however, is the discipline required to effectively survive this onslaught; Ammo conservation and combat restriction (knowing when to pick fights or when to just run) is important as running straight into the zombie horde, guns ablazing will waste valuable resources and your life. The only thing that would make this game better is if it have a few more weapon options and if there was more of a goal to achieve, since after a while you are able to build up a steady supply of everything you need. All in all this game is very good and has been well crafted together. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who is into survival crafting games."
,Recommended,251570,29149702,Posted: 9 January,all,Histoire/Sammyroxx,"It is a very nice and fun game when you play with others, production is slow due to people not trying it, which I think people should, it's super fun, its very open world, and very well done for a greenlight game! Try it out with your friends and you will have a BLAST!"
76561198069541912,Recommended,251570,9384811,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Anton The Outlaw,"I highly recommend this game, it really gives you an aspect of surviving, make sure to play with friends."
76561198067453074,Recommended,251570,8309818,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,☣ Ќ3ɲǥ0 ☣,For a Alpha game it is bloody great
76561198126196261,Recommended,251570,9192200,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Rorschach,"7 Days to Die is a brilliant game that everyone should try. It adds survival with crafting, mining, multiplayer, etc. There's almost nothing wrong with the game and has enough content to warrant it's price."
76561198091345774,Recommended,251570,9697198,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Ahau Kin,"This game is a pretty vast game with a lot of hidden secrets. Even if the game looks a little jagged and rough around the edges, it's a great eperience. The biggest perk about 7 days to die for me was the amount of alterations you can modify: Percentage of day and night cycles, speed of time,  the amount of zombies spawn, zombie difficulty, if zombies run, your strength, zombie strength, litterally everything can be modified to fit your level of gaming experience. So litterally everyone will have fun without dying every 3 seconds from getting swarmed by a heard of zombies or just getting bored because you became very good at the game. If you like sandbox games and zombies, its a must buy. Best game I've bought in a while... 9/10"
76561197976889033,Recommended,251570,9726181,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,voracious,Amazing It's Dayz & Minecraft rolled into one I freaking love it
,Recommended,251570,24988525,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DreadlordKai,"first time i really played this game i played 14 hours straight with my friend no glitches crashes or bugs, constant 60fps for me on my older computer, not sure what everyones complaining about.its fun, its addicting, i wish more people would play this with me.UPDATE: 30 hours in now and still no crashes, framrate never dropped below 60 even on big hordes."
,Recommended,251570,25256884,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MrGutsy,"Like minecraft you can build plenty of items. Unlike minecraft you must build a fortress that can actually withstand attacks from zombie hordes. There are different types so your not fighting the same kind all the time. The waste that you have to roam is filled with plenty of items to keep you busy for hours. The realistic texture to the game makes it a lot better on the eyes. You can play on LAN parties or go online and play with friends. There are plenty of servers up to choose from. And if you dont want to play with anyone else, you can always go solo, Creative or Survival."
76561198167510150,Recommended,251570,33397446,Posted: 9 July,all,internlt,"i've bought this for full price.. I got killed by dogs, wolves, zombies, hornets, even a damn boar..i've explored deserts, forests, nuked zones..caves, casual houses, bunkers, rocket-launch sites!i've built zombie defence sites, zombie traps, LOOT!i got my moneys worth and they're still upgrading the game.7/7 would buy again."
76561198062282008,Recommended,251570,16279947,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Meh,yup.
,Recommended,251570,16031913,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,GRINDCORE,"There are a lot of games i regret buying in early access on steam, games that are so rough that they are unplayable, games that promise so much and just cannot deliver, developers who have abandoned their games completely after just a few months or developers who do not communicate with their community and put out very minimal updates several months apart, Lucky for us! This is not one of those games and these aren't those types of developers, Phew..7 Days To Die is an amazing game even at such an early stage. If i were to compare 7 Days To Die with a few other games so you had a better understanding on what you were in for i would say 7 Days To Die takes all the best parts of DayZ, Minecraft and Project Zomboid and jam it into this early access in the best way possible.With the constant updates that are nothing to scoff at and check ins with the community to let us know what's going on and what to expect in the future; 7 Days To Die is sure to a game that you would be proud to add to your collection.keep up the outstanding work Fun Pimps, we really do appreciate you holding early access games to a higher standard."
76561198038430611,Not Recommended,251570,19696594,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Bullet Magnet,Great game but sadly unplayable since the lastest update.Looking forward to a fix.
76561198160513677,Not Recommended,251570,24070603,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bretsneg,I can play fallout 4 on ultra.. with this game i had problems running it on medium....
,Recommended,251570,11193819,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Bluerazbeary,This is a badass game! if your thinking about getting do it! its really fun
76561197964232046,Recommended,251570,13543829,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rainbow Droid,"--Early Access Review---I will update this review as the game develops.If it fails to deliver on promises I will definitely rewrite this review in FULL ALL CAPS GAMER RAGE because I really anticipate this game becoming a ""great"" computer game. It's already quite good, and such an ambitious project, with a large amount of the developer's goals having already been realized during alpha. Progress seems quick on the game, but apparently cheaters are ruining the online experience... good thing I don't play multiplayer computer games with people I don't know, so I could care less about this aspect of the game.Engine is a bit glitchy and buggy, but runs an impressively big and diverse world. Graphics are a combination of beautiful and hilariously oldschool ugly. I actually love the graphics -- voxel based low poly with some high end shader effects on top, and delightfully ugly for 2014. The instant I saw how ugly the game was I was excited because any ugly game with such great reviews is focused on what's important. Game has a good dedicated server with powerful xml configuration already. Memory leaks are annoying. Some bugs, most not very major but occasionally game breaking. Most can be resolved but very annoying at times. Randomly generated worlds is a great feature, and the game is already fully 100% playable (just feature unfinished and buggy) but the developers have promised much more to come.This is a game that actually deserves alpha status legitimately... but is an awesome alpha. It's almost refined enough for a beta, but it lacks the correct percentage of implemented features to be a beta. It has a lot of similar excitement we've seen around other underhyped games in development... KSP, The Long Dark, etc. I can't wait for the beta. And the full release. And the mod community to get going. With the proper development, modding, and improvements, this has the potential to bethesurvival game out there. Zombies can already be fully disabled if you just want to build/explore/survive, so potentially with mod support and development this will easily eclipse other more general survival games in addition to all the stupid/generic/cashin zombie survival games. It could be that good. It's already well on the way.Screencap from kickstarter of the game's stretch goals (100% of the goals were reached during funding, ignore the locked 500k goal in the image, it was reached as well):http://i.imgur.com/sxvJJSC.jpgAs I said, I'll definitely be following this one during 2015, so expect comments and review updates as the developer either further impresses orFAILS SPECTACULARLY AND GREEDILY LIKE SO MANY OTHERS BEFORE THEM !!!111oneoneone"
76561198023561405,Recommended,251570,15179517,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Supergoober,"One of the best games I've ever played.It might not seem like much at first but then as you uncover this gem over time you realize that there is a ton of strategy invloved as well as those oh $hit moments of rapid clicking and heart pounding fun!  Not to mention that you can easily setup the game as you want to play it.  In addition to that, the devs have set it up so that you can easily change the xml files they provided to customize it even further.  Oh, and lets not forget the large community of modders, who share ideas, files, and how to's.This game is still in Alpha, and it's already better and more feature complete than most Triple AAA backed titles out there.  The devs have definitely shown, time and again that this is more than a game to them, it's their wonder child that they've created.   There are game updates that include new features with each release and even recently an entire game engine update overhaul to improve graphics!   The devs for this game care so much that they actually listen to their community and share stuff with them all the time.  I've played so many games that are just rushed to final release just to cash-in and walk away from leaving you feel that there is something missing or unbalanced or just broken.  THIS IS NOT one of those games!Also because of the interaction with the devs, this game community in itself is one of the most thoughtful, helpful, and funny that I've been associated with.  The forum moderators will help you troubleshoot, give advice, and point you in the direction of the answers that you need to get things going, or even just to help you with answers to the what and how to's.I would completely recommend this game to anyone that is thinking of buying it without hesitation.  All the while knowing that it will get even better with each update!Quick review, it's a 11/10 game that has come a long way and is already better than 99% finished games out there and  improving all the time!   Do yourself a favor and purchase it for yourself, a friend or several friends and have a blast!!!"
,Recommended,251570,26403802,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Herogus3xD,"-Started to play with mah friends Xerlius and Shaneus-spawned in their world-i was like, Lets kill some zom♥♥♥♥♥es-it turned exactly 22:00-2 zombies where behind me, (did not noticed them because i was in desert and its night)-i heared sounds behind me, i was like WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?-some reason they start running add me and trying to bite me.-100 meters away from me are my friends doin nothing special then campin in da hood..-runned more then 3 km to try to shake these ♥♥♥♥♥es behind me off,-reinforcements came*-got shrekt by 6 zombies, only 1 eats my body, and the others despawned for no reason,-rage quited10/10 would get baited agian like in cs. so Xerlius, ♥♥♥♥ urself :D"
,Recommended,251570,14588514,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"*REVIEW UPDATE AFTER UNITY 5""I see a lot of improvements since I reviewed this game for the first time,so I decided to update the review.Improvements :+ Much better graphics and animations.Those crude weapons and tools are gone and changed into highly detailed weapons and tools with better point of view angle.+ Annoying noisy Auger sound when destroying irons are gone,changed into much smoother sound+ New and better point of view angle for all of the equipments+ Much more realistic trees,water,lighting,and player movement- Character details and animations are still bad- The game now lags really bad on the highest possible settings.No,it's not my PC's specs fault.I can play Battlefield 4 & COD Advanced Warfare on max with 60 fps with my PC.- Lags will occur when you use auger to destroy hard materials.Pros :+ A lot of zombie variations+ Building an impenetrable base is really fun,you'll get the thrill when building at night+ Fun multiplayer.Teamwork and communication is vital.+ Cheat mode available (no clip and access to all in-game items)+ Constant improvements from the devs.+ Reasonable price.Your money will be worth it.Cons :- Some updates will erase your saved games- Ping error on private multipayers.My friend gets 800-1000 ping when he plays with me and it made me impossible to play with my friends.- Small amount of weapon choices- Slow map loading,triggers lags."
76561198059416269,Recommended,251570,11112426,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Offsidekiller42,"Even though this game is currently in Beta, i find myself constantly wanting to play and explore more and more. Fun game"
76561197970921424,Recommended,251570,15080772,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Big Duffy,I have been playing this type of game for years and have always felt that something was missing until now. The general game play and content of 7DTD are great and it is fun to play.  You can loose hours playing this game by yourself or with friends. This is one of the best games I have played to date on steam.
,Recommended,251570,15023932,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Haladmer,"Zombies, guns, TNT, and the ability to have friends help survive the apocalypse in a fully modifiable world. What's not to love!?!If you're reading this, you likely already have an interest in the type of game, so let me share a bit more as a player.The dev team continue to push out updates introducing new content, patching bugs and actually listen to the player community, while not getting dragged under the onslaught that is user feedback.  Yeah they stumble here and there, who doesn't, but they are quick to fix problems when they occur.Even better, they're getting ready to release the new alpha build using UE5, so they've updated graphics, have a better core engine, and the game is now available on sale?What are you doing here?  Go buy it!Just watch out for those feral zombies between you and the door, they tend to bite!"
76561198052133707,Recommended,251570,25923379,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Vang,"Perfect combination of creepy and casual. Lots of potential for an early access game and totally playable already. Some glitches here and there, but thats to be expected from a game in development. No gamebreaking bugs that I have encountered either. Cant wait for new content in this game!PS. Like most games, multiplayer is strongly recomended!"
76561198042750832,Recommended,251570,19398753,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nymmy,I tried the game out two years and and decided to set it aside and wait til they got further along with development. One year ago i picked it back up again and was very impressed how much progress they had made and how much more enjoyable the game has become. I've played it off and on with friends ever since and they are constantly making improvements and new content. I would say its a game worth checking out if you haven't already. I always have a spare copy in my inventory incase I want to lure a friend to the zombie life.
76561198016066134,Recommended,251570,15665613,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,bear grills,"Worth the price. Its a better version of Minecraft and a better optimized version of DayZ. So 2 games in 1 for 23 euros! Buy it now until it leaves Alpha.It's a good game with good mechanics, the crafting system is awesome and it feels like a complete game, even if it's Alpha.TFP is one of those developers that actually PUT time in an EA, and aren't lazy fatties like the DayZ team or The Stomping Land(a great concept, but poorly executed. The dev just got the money and left). Even Rust went into a downhill now. The only good survival EA in my opinion. Yea, you heard it. 7DtD still remains one of the best survival games out there. Oh, and The Reign of Kings is cool as well, but it's poorly optimized at the moment.Go rekk some Triple A scrubz, TFP !(BTW: It's kinda sad to see that 7DTD got more players than Advanced Warfare xD)"
76561198073143836,Recommended,251570,9013469,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[M.W.A] Capone,"The game is great, I love the new updates coming but there is one problem, Everytime I close the game and try to relaunch it gives me and error which the only way I know to fix it is to uninstall the game and reinstall it, Other then that the game is 9.5/10"
,Recommended,251570,9013682,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Angel Skyheart,"So, today I was sent a request to do a game review for a game I recently bought called 7 Days to Die. Supposedly my game reviews are famous now or something. Dunno what's up with that...Anyway, as for 7 Days to Die, I would say this game has a lot of potential. That's the thing with early access games, especially ones that are still in the Alpha stage. As it is now, the game definitely has an unfinished feel to it I think. However, with what it has now as a base, and adding on top of it the features that the game creators are planning for it? This game is really going to go far, and I can't wait to see it. That's the second reason I bought this game, the potential it has, and the potential it has is enormous.One of the coolest things about this game though is that it's the closest thing to a proper sequel to Minecraft right now. It uses the Voxel engine though so the best way I could describe it for looks would be taking Half Life 2 and making it completely destructible. Pretty amazing ne?As for the gameplay itself, that's a touch lacking, especially knowing some of the things they plan to add to the game later. Don't get me wrong, for an Alpha, it's pretty far along and pretty darn expansive, but considering the sheer amount of features they've yet to add, it's understandable why they still have the game listed as Alpha. The crafting system is really good. Some parts are a little weird, like only being able to get sticks from breaking apart bushes, rather than being able to snap off branches for sticks, and the game relies on Scrap Metal as its base staple resource for building tools, and you can only get that if you break metal things or if you scavenge for it.The game has a bigger focus on survival than Minecraft does. Zombies are currently the main enemy of the game, and they're dangerous, in that they can spawn at any time in any light source, which means even if you make it impossible for Zombies to get into your base, if you go out far enough, they will spawn in it regardless. That's one of my biggest complaints for the game currently. Minecraft did a better job by making mobs only spawn in darkness since that means there's an actual designated safe zone that you can create. In this game, currently, no where is safe, and the ambiance reflects that with some fairly creepy music and the sound of a guy whispering in a cult-ish voice that echoes on the wind(yes that's a word now). The game is also going to have a story, but it hasn't really been implemented yet. I'm guessing the whispering is going to have something to do with it, thought it's any guess what it is, since scattered news papers on the ground talk about everything from epidemics to nuclear war for the cause of this post apocalyptic world.Let's see... as for anything I don't really like about this game... I already mentioned the Zombies spawning no matter what... they can break through anything you can, but that's a deliberate game mechanic... I'm not so fond of the food/water/stamina system... I realize it's also for survival, but currently water can only be carried in jars that are consumed when you drink them, which is really really annoying. Hopefully this game will have an equipable canteen and food satchel, cause right now, water takes up half my inventory and food is difficult to come by, unless you find a corn field, but raw food like corn hardly feeds you. I don't know about you, but I'd feel pretty full after eating three corn cobs let alone 15.Oh there is one other thing I really dislike, but this is more of a glitch than anything I hope and will get fixed soon. If you ever get this game, do yourself a favor and stay away from corn fields, or at least get in and get out if you want the corn and seeds. Entities such as yourself, zombies, and animals break resource plants when they walk on them. I can't tell you how annoyed I was when the game suddenly started lagging like crazy because a bunny and a couple of stags decided to spawn in the middle of a corn field and run around AT THE SAME TIME. I think the only reason my game didn't crash is because my computer is ridiculously high end. Nevermind the fact that I had enemy spawning turned off. If zombies had been in that mess shambling everywhere and chasing the animals through the corn field, wrecking things themselves... ugh...But yeah. Other than that, this game is looking really good. I really hope they implement a way to stop zombies from spawning in certain areas soon though, cause until that happens, I don't really like playing the game with enemy spawning on, which kind of takes away from the challenge of the game itself.Huh. Just thought of something interesting. In all honestly, the best zombie survival game I've ever played is a flash game called Rebuild and Rebuild 2 (The sequel is actually better than the first. Surprising ne?) In that series, Zombies don't just spawn anywhere. They have a designated spawning zone, since some dumb cultists opened a portal to a Nether world and Zombies pour out of it. Sometimes there'd be more than one portal, and since the game setting is that of a town you have to utilize your survivors to be able to take back and defend, the town is surrounded on all sides by a forest, and there are other towns with portals open so Zombies come from those towns as well, and thus coming from the edges of the map. If they implemented THAT particular system for 7 Days to Die, that would be awesome. Like, when the world is first created, each area has a set number of Zombies, and as time goes on more come in from Death Portals as well as the borders of the map! That way instead of just survival, the game will have a somewhat clear set of objectives and goals. After all, humans as a rule don't want to just survive, we want to thrive!"
76561198016756518,Recommended,251570,16737242,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,soulMUNCHA,"In short this game is made up of bits and pieces of a few other games already out there. However, the manner in which these elements have been put together alone is worthy of its own praise. By that I mean, what the guys over at The Fun Pimps have done is not copy some other games base ideas and mash them all into one game, but rather have taken those concepts and sculpted them into their own unique ideas and blended them into 7 Days to Die to create a would be master piece(I say ""would be"" for now, cause it's still in alpha).Second Reason this game is awesome is the fact the the Devs(The Fun Pimps) behind this game are hard working and dedicated to making this game work. (Do your self a favour and just look up where this game started compared to where it is now). On a support level these guys get a solid A+ in my opinion aswell, their support team is constantly on the ball and working to help sort your in-game problems out.All in all  to anyone who enjoys an open world/survival/sandbox/zombie/pure gold right in your face adventure just fecking buy it type games. This is the game for you.""JUST DO IT!!"" ~ Shia Lebeouf*Disclaimer: This game is still in ""Early Access"" so expect a few bugs here and there, but trust me you wont regret buying this game :D (Time of review Alpha 11.6)"
76561198133680518,Recommended,251570,24132459,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,mexchavez2,hard but really fun game.The Ai is great and atmosphere is beutiful.Id sound like a little b*tch if theres really anything to complain about ths game.
,Not Recommended,251570,24836214,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,dormdude,When it comes to multiplayer the game is almost impossible to play. The people not hosting have the issue of randomly not being able to pick items up and the host has to restart the game to fix it. Also i was only ablke to unlock 1 skill for an entire game makeking skills broken and useless single player is boring and with the multiplayer being so broken after this game being out for a few years i would say don't waste your time or money on this. theres much better games that are the same as this except they actually work.
76561198085800220,Recommended,251570,25836990,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Yvels,140 hours in. 2 weeks. It's like minecraft v2. Im playing the experimental release A15 and not a single problem found yet. Played it at my friend's and didnt think twice paying full price for it. Worth every penny.Do you like survival strugle and make your way by building stuff ? Look no more. Enjoy.
76561198102163234,Recommended,251570,30011234,Posted: 18 February,all,sinkler,"Ill start by saying ""I didnt liked minecraft"" , ""I dislike zombie games in general"" , and ""I mostly play solo non-MP games"". Minecraft never felt immersive to me and zombies always felt like a workaround for easy A.I programming.And still, 7d2d is byfar one of my all time favourites.Likes:+ Voxel game (Minecraft ""like"") - Can build/break/grow anything anywhere. allow for ton of creativity.+ Nice GFX and landscapes - Best for a voxel game so far AFAIK.+ Highly Mod-able - Just by messing with the XML files. dont like something? u can change it quite easily.+ Can be very Immersive  - FPS camera, survival mechanics, defend your base against the horde, all make the game immersive for me, that is, when stuff dont break due to bugs and glitches (see dislikes below).+ Has a ""Make your own advanture"" kind of feeling - customize your char, freedom to nomad the earth or sattle down in a huge bunker like base, Randomly generated world with many biomes and POIs to explore.+ Very nice large and supportive community, modders, and developers (TFP) - Handle comunication and early access well in my opinion, following the game dev blog was so far fun and educating experience for me.Dislikes / Unsure about:+ Alpha issues... - Few wonky animations / terrain voxel glitches / texture glitches , zombie/animal A.I pathing issues, repetative loud zombies / crafting effects, etc. Hope all will be fixed till gold, but u can never know.+ LOT of inventory managment - Currently cant easily mod inv size to be larger without touching DLLs.dev say it will be adressed.+ Not much story / end-game content at the moment - Need to wait and see how it will turn out. but dev`s plans sound promising to me.+ I hear it is even better with friends but notice MP isnt the dev current focus, it is supported but not a priorety for now, atleast untill SP goals are met.Bottom Line - Recommended.Mb not to anyone, but definitly if u feel like-minded to my prefrences as described above, and can tolerate few glitches from an alpha game which is not done yet.TY for reading."
76561197972637789,Recommended,251570,24047676,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PtDaFool,"This game is brilliant.  A great mix of crafting and ... zombies ... ZOMBIES ... ARGHH!!You can go from one minute being happily upgrading your base to being scared ****less by the horde of zombies who just about ate your face off.This game is hard, and that is why its so great.  You get yourself a base built before the horde come back, or you get eaten and lose your stuff.Great work, and this is just an alpha - can't wait to see what the final product will be."
,Recommended,251570,14254826,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Fingers,"If Minecraft grew up, DayZ wasn't bugged, and H1Z1 worked, then they would all be called 7 Days to Die.So, what is 7 Days to Die?It is an open-world sandbox set in a post-apocalyptic environment.http://youtu.be/V5dWpZXrnwYOk, but what makes it good?1. Ingame item search engine2. Ingame crafting guide3. An exceptional building system4. Feral running zombies which are actually a threat5. PHYSICS!!!!6. PVP and PVE options7. Password protection for servers and crates8. MODS!!!!!! YEA BABY!!!! xD9. Continuous progress being made towards developing the gameOk, so what does it lack in?1. Moving vehicles (Alpha 11 update will be adding a moving vehicle into the game)2. A wider range of items, structures, and textures (can be remedied with mods)3. An end gameSummary:7 Days to Die is in Alpha, so it is still very much in early development. Despite that, it is a hugely fun and addictive game which sees constant progress and updates.So, if you are in the market for DayZ, or H1Z1 then you might want to check out 7 Days to Die before throwing your money away."
,Recommended,251570,10603523,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dan,"This game is quite nice. It reminds me of a DayZ like game but with more and more minecraft elements with its own unique style of play.I've only played a couple of hours on it, but I like the game a lot. I'm glad steam put it on sale so I could have the opportunity to try the game.Overall, It's quite fun despite it being it alpha testing still.I give it an 8/10."
76561198032616806,Recommended,251570,10659293,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MikeOC89,This game is awesome and just keeps getting better and better. You need this game in your life!
,Recommended,251570,11733118,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kiru,"I got this game on a whim with a bunch of friends playing it.  Enjoyed fooling around with zombies and messing with the new biome generation.  I also managed to scare friends while running a server by spawning red sedans near them for no reason whatsoever.10/10, would red sudan again."
,Recommended,251570,10905200,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Weldon,"TLDR: 7d2d is, thankfully, one of those early access games that, while somewhat buggy, is extremely playable. This is the game I always wanted Minecraft to be, and is the best of the zombie survival games to date. For why I feel this way, continue reading ;)This is how I see the game _Right Now_. I am not taking into account what the devs are planning to do, the game's potential, or any other such garbage. This is what you can expect right when you download the game, today.I almost passed on this game. I'm burnt out on minecraft, early access games, and unfinished poorly excecuted zombie apocalypse survival games in general. Thankfully, I didn't pass on it, and picked up the 2 pack to play with my wife. 7d2d has given us a lot of fun, and has overall been a pleasant experience. While occasional bugs and unexplained deaths did occur, they were never so frequent as to interfere with our ability to enjoy the game.Usually, when my wife and I play a game like this, we end up getting to a point where the pve is no longer a threat, so we turn to building bigger and better things. With this game, however, there's so many options for customizing the gameplay, that once it's no longer a threat on default settings, we can crank the difficulty way, way up, and extract more fun from the game that way, instead of building giant houses and stuff until I discover how effective pipe bombs are at making her latest monument to boredom go away. (Holy run-on Batman! Quick, get the grammar nazi reppellant!) On that note, I'll spare you from further rambling with a nice little list.The Good:-Excellent Atmosphere and tension.-Extensive Crafting.-Loads of fun with friends.-Built in challenges, without smacking you over the head and saying, ""Oh look, if you beat me instead of hiding in your little hole, I'll give you an achievement."" (The supply drop is an excellent mechanic.)-Zombies will make you afraid of the dark.-Extensive customization options. Want a hardcore mode? check. Want turbo zombies? check. Want hundreds of zombies that are as dangerous as baby seals? check. Infinite day/night? check. Pvp on/off? check. Create the experience and challenge that you want, not what they want you to have.-Managing your stamina, food, and water is critical to success, and not a tacked on checkbox for a survival game.-Looting takes time. (can be changed in the options)-Things make sense. Meaning, water needs to be boiled before used, meat cooked, wood is weaker than rock, etc.-The smell/scent system is well done, and a very enjoyable mechanic.The Bad:-Zombie Dogs.-Zombie Dogs early game, when you have no weapon.-Most of the bugs I ran into were with the dedicated server client.-Pathfinding and AI still needs work. (Allegedly this will be improved in an upcoming patch.)-Occasionally difficult to find the crafting recipe you need.-Random death for no apparent cause. This happened to me several times, and while it's entirely possible/likely that I died from something that I overlooked, if that's the case, it should be made far more apparent in the UI than it is now.-Most of the time upon killing a crawling zombie, the model will stretch/distort in a bizzarre fashion, leaving it difficult or impossible to loot.-The sound effects could be better. (I swear the sound effect the zombie dog uses when hit is the same sound a gnoll makes when getting hit in everquest.)-Dirt blocks break into octahedra (2 pyramids put together,) which just feels a little ackward, and makes it so that judging block size and distance requires practice.-You have to set all your options (graphics, sound, etc) before you join a game, as once you have, your 2 options are either ""quit"" or ""suicide.""-Zombie dogs.In conclusion, if you're on the fence about this game, or if survival games are your thing, do yourself a favor and pick this one up, it's worth it."
76561198114532201,Recommended,251570,17336711,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,GuyWonder22,I have to be honest when i first played this game on my buddies computer. I thought this was the worst game of its genre.  It looked ugly horrible controls & terrible layout. Yesterday i saw it again on my friends computer and he told me to give it another try so I did I was quite shocked at the improvement. so i bought me a copy and i can honestly say i am proud to own this game. It still need alot of improvement but in the timeframe between the first time i seen the game till now is any indication of the progress. I can say that this is going to be a gem. Keep Up the good work I hope my support helps
,Recommended,251570,28630934,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BaconGamer88 Gamdom.com,"Difficult, but awesome!"
76561197994416666,Recommended,251570,9834770,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Schwivid,"I got this game just after I came out, and I have to say, as far as Alphas go, this one should win an award.  I have recommended this game to many of my gaming freinds, and they have all bought it and we play it together often through my easily configured dedicated server.There is something in here for everyone.  If you like killing zombies, mining, building, crafting, and exploring, this is definitely for you.  Nothing is more gratifying than walking up to a zombie and smashing them one in the face with your bare fist.  Or if you're in to guns, 7 days will not disappoint.  Sure, most of the weapons are generic, but whether you like donning  a pistol, or taking out a crowd of zombies with a rocket launcher, then it here.I am also fond of the forging and crafting system.  Once you learn recipes, you can strip down a weapon to its bare parts, create a mold of these parts and then manufacture all the weapons but the rocket launcher.  You can even craft your own bullets using the method described above.I love the two power tools, the chainsaw and the auger.  Not only are these great for gathering wood and stone, but they make quick work of any zombies.This game is filled with pure enjoyment, despite the occasional bug here and there.The Fun Pimps are great at what they do.  Although they have not implemented all the features detailed in the video, they have been consistant at following the road map of development.I would give this game 5 stars, and it, even in alpha I would give it a metacritic rating of 95.Bottom line:  Pure enjoyment! Worth more than just a cursory glance."
,Recommended,251570,9275491,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Go Pack Go,"still in alpha, but lots of fun. can't wait for more features to be added in :)"
,Recommended,251570,10185675,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Polygon,"7 Days to die is a post-apocalyptic zombie survial game with a built in crafting system, The game is designed so that you are put into an environment to survive with the resources around you, A bit of polish can be put in a few areas such as graphics and animation, But the gameplay is absolutely phenominal, Well thought out areas, A huge map to explore, Endless hordes of zombies, and a slight feeling of desperation and fear. Everything seems perfectly balanced within the game.Not to mention the frequent updates from this game are very uplifting. I definately Give it my reccomendation These guys know what they're doing and the price is well worth it!"
76561198017387987,Recommended,251570,9336620,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Richard M. Nixon,Loving this game
76561198095387309,Recommended,251570,9968028,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,KinkTime,"well i getting chased by a horde of zombies and i run into a cabin to escape and wht do i find more zombies ready to eat me i run to the basement and find a gun safe, i open it to find a rocket launcher YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. i turn around and fire 7 time and kill all these zombages. the only problem with a rocket launcher is it took out all the support beams of the building and i comes crashing down on me. It just a great game hahah really intense"
,Recommended,251570,8789489,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ZakWB,"If you want to play Minecraft and Day-Z mixed together then you have found your dream game. It is still in Alpha, but every update is adding new and amazing features."
,Recommended,251570,9679145,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,AveHumor,"Nice game and nice idea, mainly like Minecraft in my point of view and that's what makes it even more fun."
76561198002564181,Recommended,251570,9666180,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ghostknight,"Yes, survival sandbox is all the rage these days but this is still a good game that gets better on a  regular basis."
76561198055219410,Recommended,251570,19025685,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,malbolt,its one of the best zombie games out there in my opinon
76561198076841865,Recommended,251570,20632816,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tigristen,"Zombies dig a hole under my house, it collapsed, lost everything. They killed me, fat zombie ate my backpack.Had to start collecting basic stuff again at day 60^^10/10"
76561197991558387,Recommended,251570,10035422,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,SpacePiggio,Awesome game buy it now.
,Not Recommended,251570,22849170,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,大将*,"I bought this game some time ago and enjoyed my time with it, even though I had trouble running it on my rig at the time.Recently I decide to reinstall it to see how much it's changed and, honestly, it's worse than I remember it. The optimization is no better than it was a year and a half ago, running like hot garbage on my rig which more than meets the recommnded specs. The mouse sensitivity is all sorts of messed up no matter what setting it's on, some of the textures honestly look worse than whan I originally bought it, the new crafting system is needlessly complex, the combat is absolutely awful, and I just can't recommend this game to anyone looking to buy it for $25. I really miss what the game was a year and a half ago because, honestly, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,251570,23778791,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,physics.police,Crashes and showstopper graphics bugs on Mac.
,Recommended,251570,15409420,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,BarterClub,This game is great for early access. They update the game every month with new features to make the game even more interesting. This is early access but most people don't understand what that means and give bad reviews based on that.If you like zombies like Dayz and Minecraft then this game is for you. They put both together and give you the tools to survive with a TON of things to craft.
76561198032909896,Recommended,251570,16866013,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,lexis_fire,"This is an awesome game. :) It's got roots similar to Minecraft where you can build and destruct the world. The graphics are amazing and the development team is obviously passionate about what they do. Each build makes the game so much better and I know the finished product will be incredible. Not only do I recommend the game, I purchased it for 2 friends so that we could play multiplayer coop :)I do recommend reading the wiki before you start ;) just to save you a few deaths. There is a massive crafting library that will no doubt expand. I'm excited for skill trees and the role-play elements that are supposed to appear in the future. :) 5 out of 5 stars!"
,Recommended,251570,15798540,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Knight's Gaming,I love this game.  But it does need work on the zombies and the wooden spikes♥♥♥♥♥the zombies just walk strait though them and they brake strait awayI DO RECOMMEND THIS GAME 12/10
76561198058099341,Recommended,251570,14133398,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,slipperyfart,fine
76561198020732170,Recommended,251570,16390314,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Boresight,"I've only bought this game a day or so ago, and from what I've discovered, I would not last a single day in a zombie infested world."
76561198232563156,Recommended,251570,16392383,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Emeritus Webb,"Extememly fun, I would suggest you play with a friend or two. Two heads are definitely better than one in this game. It is so addicting and it is easy to lose yourself in the game. I would recommend 7 Days to Die to anyone who likes gaming."
,Recommended,251570,8782563,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,LordChambers86,"I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews for this game.I understand that the price is rather steep but overall i found this game enjoyable. I know this is probably an outrageous comment, but i think this is how minecraft should have been! Yes there are lots of things to add like new animals to hunt and new items to craft but this is an alpha. I have confidence that this game will get there in the end.Keep up the great work!"
76561198197154858,Recommended,251570,19900074,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dank Knight,fun game since the new alpha is out
76561198049902634,Recommended,251570,30327045,Posted: 4 March,all,Ironmagz,Love the game and can't quit it!!!!!
76561197981083082,Recommended,251570,12749405,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheGothman,7 days to die is amazing.  I'm addicted.  The game is just awesome its going to become a perfect game as they continue to add content.  I hope to see special dungeons full of crazy difficult boses that require team work to kill and reach the loot.
,Recommended,251570,13861844,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ReedGaminStudio,This game is amazing i have spent hours in it just building stuff and tearing it down
,Recommended,251570,9791619,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,dodge,great game players can play differently depending on their knowage of the game will you gather reasourses and share with other survivours or will you go bandit and loot everything you can get your hands on even other players stuff?
,Recommended,251570,9175027,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ღMoist Master Whiplashღ,"Personally, I love the concept!  It is a game with great potential...but the only downfall i could possibly see is the lag issues. but they dissapear after about 10 minutes of playing.  Give it a try!"
76561198121956790,Recommended,251570,10500505,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Conganatis,"While in all due honesty this game seems like Minecraft with guns, its not, this game is surprisingly fun, and not to mention you always have a challenge, even after building your super fort, quarantine zone or sky base, you still got to do something. amazing game, I tend to sit here for hours just playing."
76561197983896007,Recommended,251570,9323885,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,PurpleNurpleSkurpleTurple,"Very fun game, not many bugs, 10/10 if you love minecraft and love zombies, this is 100% for you, preferred with a friend or other players, gets tough alone."
76561198058798535,Recommended,251570,9631134,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Harley Quinn,I've put hours into this game and this ispretty much how I imagine al zombie apocalypse. I think the creaters of this game focused on the balance between desperate survival vs environment. The max level everything mode makes it crazy as heck.This game is non-stop fun and if you enjoy this game as much as me then add me to friends and invite me. I can't get enough of this game.
,Recommended,251570,9970593,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mr.EGM,like minecraft but with zombies! (and yes i know minecraft have zombies)
76561197994585224,Recommended,251570,10488146,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,cappyk,Great Game!
76561198051427161,Recommended,251570,10494416,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Farson,Super fun great survival game!
,Recommended,251570,9749252,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,T-Range,"Was not sure on this game when i first saw it but after buying it at Alpha 7.7, I was hooked. I'm afraid I'll be saying bye bye to Minecraft to play this gem.7DTD is a totally different look and play to a zombie survival game.It's being updated regularly and already has tools for making custom items, maps, biomes...The graphics are nicely done and are mostly mid to high rez textures.I'm currently making videos on this game and will be making a series since I like the game that much.Well done to the developer(s) in creating such a good game."
,Recommended,251570,9870145,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Teddybear1678,"A very good game, Lot's of people who whinge about glitches obviously forget that it is still ongoing development (the glitches add amusement anyway). I find that it is more entertaining whilst in multiplayer mode though. And i like the fact that you can alter the settings to drastically change the in-game experience."
76561197978088186,Recommended,251570,10016145,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,HAxan ####RoadKill DIsaster,"I usually don't invest in alpha products, there is just something that puts me off when considering paying for a game in development. However, in 7 Days to Die(7dtd)'s case I don't feel like I'm playing an alpha version of a game.7dtd is very much what they claim it to be, a sandbox, crafting, zombie survival rpg. It's drawing influences from other titles like, Wold war Z(sounds), Resident Evil(music), HBC's The Walking Dead, Left for Dead, etc. It pulls all the influences together and imprints them into their own design which imo, works very well.I won't post any pictures with this review, I'll just imply that I have spent 100+ hours on an alpha version of this game, which says alot about the quality of the game. The sandbox feel to the game is present all the time, the crafting system needs alittle work but is already better then the crafting system in some other games that will remain nameless for now. As for the zombies, they are ugly, they are loud and they are absolutely terrifying, unlike other titles like WarZ which have been described as a open world pvp game that happens to have zombies in it, 7dtd is an open world zombie game that happens to have people in it.As for the open world feel to 7dtd, there is nothing special about it yet, the game world actually feels quite small and with any more then 10 people online it becomes quite crouded. An issue that most likely will be resolved in the near future, but as it stands it feels to small.Bugs, there are a number of bugs and rough edges to the game. However on that remark I'd like to state that I have personally played released games that have supposed to be ''completed'' have more bugs and issues than this alpha version currently has.With the developers planning to add alot more features before an actual release of the game there is no doubt that most issues will be resolved.Now I could write a novel about all the things you can or shouldn't do in the game, but I think I've touched on the most important matters before anyone would consider investing their money into this game, to tie it up.7dtd, has a great concept which the developers are doing a great work with, they keep what they promise to deliver, atleast so far they have. Keep in mind that there are glitches and bugs that still needs fixing. The world can sometimes feel quite small and awkward when zombies clipping through it. All of this considered I'd still recommend this game, again, considering it's an alpha version I'll give it a 7.5/10 a rating that may change with time but at the present I think it's a fair assessment."
,Recommended,251570,9971819,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ranger,The walking dead simulator
,Recommended,251570,10057975,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Nexodus,"Tried it around mid December and was faced with the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from the cash I paid, played now after the Alpha 8 update, the game has improved a lot and I see a purpose in the gameplay and I will say, this game is really♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't know what to do, so I advice you to find a friend with experience or gain it yourself.+Pros / -Cons+Large map, will add random generated in next patch+Endless options in building, pretty much like Minecraft+The Zombies managed to jump scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me multiple times+Endless crafting options-Horrible AI(I was based in a room above and the zombies were humping the walls and furnitures beneath me.-Still many bugs to face, like invisble zombies beneath the ground-Building can be very clonky and it can be hard to find out what goes with what.-Needs to be a lot more imformative on what you can do and how you do it-Graphics are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I don't judge games by looks, but by gameplayIt's in alpha stage, but I give it a 6/10, but almost a 7, since it has a great opportunity to be an amazing post-apocalyptic survival game with a lot of features."
76561198052829519,Recommended,251570,9960465,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Seuz,it is fun
76561198001782707,Recommended,251570,25277297,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Squibs,"7 days to die is a very entertaining game.  Spent most of the time playing in cooperative mode for a long time on a private server and it has been a roller coaster of zombie, fps, craft, survival sandbox carnage.  It is hard to learn at first, but you pick it up quickly.  Money well spent.  Everytime there is a large update, you basically get to play a whole new game regarding balance, gameplay, enemies, loot, and method changes.Word to the wise, a chest or backpack of your loot can collapse and disappear permanantently, and crush your soul.  Also we call them ""rock bears"", they look like rocks, but they will destroy you!  Purchase and have some fun courtesy of FunPimps."
76561198066350373,Not Recommended,251570,22437700,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,stslov21,completely missleading teaser trailor guys
76561197973617186,Not Recommended,251570,22658354,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,weasel,Still has see-thru textures on Linux. Devs have put out unreliable updates that seem to have no Linux testing being done at all since this same issue has been in place since the last time I tried to play which was A12.Uninstalling so this stops auto-updating and wasting bandwidth.Was fun for one patch before everything broke.
76561198022993673,Recommended,251570,21036410,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,scharger99,"1200+ hours in the game and 600+ for my son and still loving every minute of it.  Every alpha update is a whole new experience.  Love the communication the devs have with the players, all around 10 out of 10.  My favorite game."
76561198169956017,Recommended,251570,18754473,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,rubo177,"This game is a very awesome open world game, you can craft a lot of things and build in this game. The leveling up system is also pretty cool because as you go through the game and kill zombies and make stuff you gain experience and the more you gain, the better your melee and guns get as well with your looting. I would recommend this game too anyone that likes a challenge and isn't afraid of running around in a dark cloudy city with zombies everywhere looking for awesome loot. There are 4 biomes which are: snow, desert, forest and burned forest biome, this biomes all have there ups and downs but it can be a bit of a challenge to figure out which one you would like to live in. As the new update is around the corner i recommend getting this game as soon as possible so you can get a feel of what its like."
76561197960526939,Recommended,251570,18758634,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,=[Qusal]=,"One of the best survival crafting games out there! Highly recommend this game, the crafting is great, you can create  amassive complex base! Also on the right server the community can be friendly also, although there are always people who shoot first and ask questions later."
76561198002827957,Recommended,251570,20164199,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Emperor FluffyWhiskers,"Only game close to Minecraft that I've ever enjoyed. Major updates are infrequent but still keep the game fresh, I can't wait to see it in it's completed form. Skill system allows each player to specialize in some kind of crafting or weapons and form a community or group in a way I really like. Random generation creates some truly expansive and varied maps and makes scavenging trips and resource gathering exciting. Crafter interface could be a little more clear about which tools are used to craft what items."
76561198141547710,Recommended,251570,20342438,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Weasel,"I love this game!  I know early access 'Alpha'.  But it has a great development team and a fantastic community. The range of play in '7 Days to Die' is great from creative, Survivalist, PVP and more. The number of public servers available to play on is increasing enabling great multiplay co-operative or combat senarios.  I have played over 800hours on this game and can honestly say it has been money well spent.  - Thanks 'Fun pimps' you really have provided hours of Fun.About Alpha (Early Access) - Fun pimps have continued to improve the quality of the game, introducing feature rich content and functionality. I am really quite skeptical of purchasing games before they are complete. I've been burnt too many times in the past. However I feel a very close affinity with both the community and developers of this game. Occasionally New releases have had bugs or broken funtionality, The community raised these issues and the developers fixed them very quickly sometimes within a couple of hours/days. This close link with the community has provided a level of confidence in the Development team, that they really are listening and working very hard to provide a great gaming experience. The release cycle of new versions and features is consistent and regular. So my answer would be 'dont worry about it being Alpha - It will be money well spent!  Enjoy the game. Weasel."
76561198062718483,Recommended,251570,17689226,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Capetsino,"A great game. Simple design, regular updates and a vast changing landscape that prevents the experience from getting stale.Game is still getting better. It's already 2016."
,Recommended,251570,18713677,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,keystone,"This game is amazing and worth every penny.  It has resource gathering, crafting, building, hunting, farming, (nofishing...yet?), pve, pvp, and...a scooter bike!  The Devs are active with updates, and the game just keeps getting better!Resource Gathering B+Crafting ABuilding A+Combat BPvE B-PvP B+Fun A+Graphics B+Sound ASurvival A-Hunting B-Farming BOverall A"
,Recommended,251570,21889943,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,skippy0330,"I was interested in this game after hearing about it, shortly after alpha 13. Than I saw a whole bunch of bitter reviews of the game, and avoided it.   I'm glad I came back and bought this game.To play this game YOU NEED TO KNOW HOW TO SURVIVAL BRO.seriously though, all the bad reviews are about the crafting system, how hard it is, blah blah blah.  I'VE finally come across a damn SURVIVAL game that's HARD. I love it.          All the other ones, either have no content (it's just running around) are way too easy.. ahem ARK, or are just plain copycats.If you are looking for a mildly buggy alpha game that incorporates the best of survival, and the best of vox building, this is the game.. I have yet to see a game that combines the two so well,And remember take the bad reviews you see with a grain of salt. These are from people who don't appreciate a challenge, or change.    Maybe they should move back to minecraft ;)"
76561198002733960,Not Recommended,251570,20828901,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Peace and Love,"I've been playing this game on and off for a couple of years now, and though it has its moments, it's just never that fun - mainly due to the imbalance of the hand to hand combat against zombies."
,Recommended,251570,17061950,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tsirk,"I bought this game This Steam Summer SALE 2015 and I played after a week of my purchase. When  I play it I always had crashing. So what I did is to down-clocked my Factory Overclocked GPU and the heat will be lessen and BOOM the game never been crash to blue or black screen.On the Game play, I really find so hard to play to default setting of single player the NOMAD without editing any Modifications and  options for the game except for making the  'I' for inventory and 'Y' to drop items because you will accidentally drop your precious weapon during sweep attack of the hordes Day or Night (Dog Zombies). But honestly its really hard if you are not aware of how to play the game that's why Mr. Google always right here for everybody. I don't like to Play the first 2 easy levels because I need to learn a bit better for fast game progress. I really like how the default settings of Day and Night of Alpha 12 and the spawn of zombies are really like crazy as you may think it is. Running or residing near River is one of my best option if I want to survive a raging Zombie Dogs.I have 96 Hours of gaming time as of this moment and never regret playing it in default settings. although you will need to stop and look for quick tips for better surviving the game online.The one thing I discovered is you are only safe underground SO your best pal will be the Stone shovel, 10 blocks or more below the ground with a huge above when 17:30 starts digging and hide, don't make any sound if you want to be survive from 19:00 to 6:00.Animal Hunting was really hard if you are just using Faulty of Poor Bow, It will drive you nuts, starved and thirsted  you until you find a faulty pistol or poor shotgun.Things to consider for effective survival in my experience in the game:Weapon > Food > Underground Shelter anywhere > Med kits > Resources > Base > Mine > FarmDon't mine to kill any zombies if you found an abandoned house or building get close to them and make sure they don't hit you, and lure them far away from the building during day only. when you lure then far away ditched them hide and a few more second go back to the building its now easy to scavenge and loot all what you can get.Playing 7 Days to Die are really awesome and exciting, If you are looking for a game of Survival this game is one of my top pick."
76561198009114465,Recommended,251570,14276915,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,michaelportas,"played the game for about 1 hour without knowing what to do or where to go died many times, then discovered you can turn the Z's off giving yourself time to get aquinted with everything (finding a good place to start a base, gather supplies etc) then turned the Z's back on, never in my life have i had so much fun sneaking around, killing, looting, crafting, growing, building, digging, running for your life back to base before nightfall.I even play the game without turning the Z's on at all, and its still great, this game will consume many months of my life. 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,8664066,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BBQ donklefish,"zombie survival minecraft, best played with friends"
,Recommended,251570,8500981,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vatch,So this is a good game whith goodphisices and crafting. The miltiplayer is fun. However evrey other day ( in real life ) or so it will say on single player conection erore. All you have to do is wiat untill tomarow. So in tyhe mean time play the asome multiplayer.I rate this at a 8 for now! So if you want you can wait untill thay update it for more fun!
,Recommended,251570,8745317,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Husbando,Its very fun but there are a few bugs
,Recommended,251570,8100185,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ArcticPlatypus,"This is honestly one of the best games I have ever played, having many, many crafting recipes for traps, weapons and pretty much everything you can think of to be useful in a zombie apocalypse. The world is composed of blocks, but the way the developers designed this game results in an amazing look. 7 Days To Die is kind of similar to minecraft, but with gravity, zombies with block breaking abilities, more realistic crafting, forging, and mining, smooth terrain, pretty good graphics, and is like a few hundred times more enjoyable than Minecraft. I could probably say that this is my new favorite game, and, it is still in its REALLY EARLY ALPHA STAGE. Once this game is fully developed, it will probably be the only game that I play. It doesn't get old, and although it is more enjoyable to be played with friends, it is still addictive to play by yourself. In my opinion, this game will be the best game on steam by the time it is fully released, and already being my favorite game, I would seriously recommend buying into this now. You will get the alpha, beta, and the full released game, which I think is a singing deal."
76561198031951602,Recommended,251570,15211212,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,mikab,Ppl r stupid
76561198109349613,Recommended,251570,13301819,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,King Dog Breath,"What the hell just happened?! It's sunday? I bought this game like 3 hours ago, on a monday. Who is going to give me that week back? Who?!"
76561198199643373,Not Recommended,251570,24834611,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,nippertipper100,"This game has potential but the lazy developers have squandered it. The Forest is an example of what this game should have turned into a year ago.The biggest issue is the multiplayer. Creating a server is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ All I want to do is play with 2 friends. I don't want to set up a server. The Forest has a click-to-create server UI that makes this easy.This game can become extremely boring and mindblowingly annoying. Often this game is simply an eating and drinking sim, with walking. The zombies are scary, but the combat sucks huge♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's hit and back away, and hope the zombie hitscan misses you.This game is a poor man's The Forest, if the poor man had more money."
76561198262897049,Recommended,251570,28868190,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,鑫弟♚加七的绯色之弟,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198071577466,Recommended,251570,8864674,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Marlos,great potential
76561198032082176,Recommended,251570,9953227,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,azurepheonix,Minecraft with guns and better physics.
76561198124166755,Recommended,251570,8969317,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DestroyedBat2,"The game might have choppy controls, but is fun when you get used to it and is also twice as fun with a friend."
76561198059264677,Recommended,251570,10557265,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[HvsF]Hanki717,buy it.
76561198129797972,Not Recommended,251570,16779785,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,hoping this game works,this is what this game is- Play with a friend- find a server- run around trying to find eachother- try building items- confused by crafting system- tried cutting down trees-  1 axe-= 1 tree RIP axes- bad animations- minecraft villlager sounds- cant find anything useful- build a house of log cabin wood- night cums- no zombies- we die anyways (from boredom)- try killing eachother- realized that pvp was a big nono- get refund
76561198004567881,Not Recommended,251570,16783725,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Bulldozer Senpai,"Game had great promise. But the updates were too slow, game's been in early access forever and the community just died off. You're not even gonna find a lot of servers at this time, and from my personal experience, even those you find, you usualy get banned because you don't speak german. Abusive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ german kid admin syndrome. Game's dead, it had a good run. Don't bother with it."
76561198186405474,Recommended,251570,20988805,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dandria,This is an amazing game everyone should have it! It is really nice to roam around the map finding new places along the way and this games shines the best when you play multiplayer and you are your friends make an epic base!LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!
76561198075858507,Not Recommended,251570,21279078,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Misaka-Chansaurus.,"Seems that game is progressing backwards, after 13.8 patch, its unplayable, i dont care that you want to put Realism in game, but this game doesnt need it... its a game ffs. Its so stupid to start new game. Melee combat is pointless, totaly useless when u cant even beat zombie 1v1, as your stone axe deals negative damage and you cant stun him. Just try to spawn in winter area, get hipotermia in 3 min and die by first zombie that comes at you... Im done with this game, until they fix everything.THIS GAME is unforgiving against new players."
76561198021050124,Not Recommended,251570,17021496,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,CazGrode,not working on linux
,Recommended,251570,18699424,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Freebird-550-Alex,"This game has come so far and the Devs just dont stop, its how All Green light/Pre-Release games SHOULD be.If you like zombies this is for youIf you like advanced buidling this for youIf you want to see how long you can last on your own with all the odds stacked against you, this game is for you.If you like  Project Zomboid you'll like this its not as realistic but the mini bike makes it work it:P"
,Recommended,251570,21703191,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/jcr1985,"This game is really fun if you like hardcore PVE, base building and looting around. It sure has a lot of bugs and hosting a server is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥since the anti cheat is a joke and there are so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kiddies using cheap scripts. But it has great potential to become a survival game that DayZ could have been if they hadn't ♥♥♥♥ed it up so badly.I recommend to play it with a friend because its hard to survive and gather ressources alone."
76561197960452885,Not Recommended,251570,10102911,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,[RWTD]Ghost,Walking dead? More like walking disaster.  I haven't played such a poor creation in a long time :(
,Not Recommended,251570,32274269,Posted: 8 June,all,Nitro_Hedgehog [NGC],"4 years later and this game is still in early alpha.i wanted to like this game, i really did. a sandbox zombie survival with minecraft style world deformation was exactly what i wanted at the time. i sunk 200+ hours into this over various updates so it wasn't like i didn't give it a hard try.but the game has barely gotten anywhere relatively speaking and is frought with endless bugs and performance issues (even on my high end machine).the last straw was how the most recent update A16 was handled. it was released extra early to a select group of streamers and testers who signed up for the pre-experimental build and waved in everyone elses faces. this is not what EARLY ACCESS is supposed to be. segregating your community in favor of people who market your game for free is a terrible way to treat your customers. of course one of the developers ""madmole"" thinks differently in this posthttps://7daystodie.com/forums/showthread.php?52805-Developer-Diary-Alpha-16!!!/page1171&p=643641#post643641apparently madmole thinks that giving him money forearly accessisn't good enough to get... early access and responded to his well earned criticism by banning dissenting users on the 7DTD forums.i regret giving the fun pimps staff my money as a result of their childish behavior. if you want a well supported early access title, i suggest Factorio or Subnautica which are VERY responsive to users and are developing the game at a much faster pace than the slugs making this huge pile of dissappointment.you should be ashamed of yourselves Fun Pimps... i used to think better of you...."
,Recommended,251570,13229241,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Fullmetal Maniac,"Super fun game. I was very hesitant because of all the Early Access games that have bombed, but this game is great. I have already played 15 hours in just over 3 days. Its very similar to Day Z in a lot of ways, but I feel like its a better game than Day Z. The crafting element to it is fantastic. Im not great at writing reviews but this is a good game :)"
,Recommended,251570,8416494,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Saucy Pyrrha,This Minecraft-style zombie apocolypse horror survival game is suprisingly well made for being in alpha and is realy fun to play on and offline.
76561197980425938,Recommended,251570,13373857,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Vex,"Great game, the more then invest in this game, the better it gets. Reccomend to paly with more players so you can enjoy the zombie exp with others!"
,Recommended,251570,32712911,Posted: 23 June,all,G a b e,7 days to kms
76561198044561633,Recommended,251570,9171641,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Justinian,Mining in this game is very satisfying.
76561198079897946,Recommended,251570,9312016,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,xZetheon,"This is an amazing game I have had a lot of fun playing it with friends and even solo. I recommend this game to more of a first person shooter/Zombie survival type of gamers. This is the zombie game I have been looking for almost my whole life because I always wanted a zombie survival game where you could A) play with a bunch of friends B) build your own structers and defend from the hoards. I recommend this game to a bunch of friends and you who are reading this just because how much of an awesome game this is and how much I support the creators of this game for making one, my dream come true and two, for just being an awesome group of people working so hard on this game and I think this game will be even better the more it's around. two more things I would like to say is that for sure when this game is on sale or when you have enough money get this game, in my case it is a must have in your games. And last, but not least I have only but one problem with this game and some of my buddies have this issue, that there game can be a little laggy at some times and maybe even you, but also keep in mind this is a alpha game and still in development. If you are having some troubles playing this game I have some Options for you so that you are able to play the game all you have todo is msg me on steam and ill be there to help you for sure as soon as possible. Thank you developers I wish for the best and keep on being awesome."
76561198006978422,Recommended,251570,9328378,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,>TMMM<TheDaySnorer,"I hate zombies.  Such an overworked and over used idea.  If I want to see mindless creatures shuffling round doing nothing but consuming I will go into town on a saturday.  I dont do zombie films, books or TV.Or games, until now.  I was intrigued by 7 Days' strange blend of survival FPS (I am a *HuGE* Fallout 3 fan) and a weird kind of similarity to tower defence, another genre which I love.Basically the premise of the game is that some unspecified Global Disaster has happened.  Nuclear, biological AND probably a meteorite strike.  End of the world.  The game starts with you standing somewhere in the Navezgane National Park (I have no idea if this is a real place.)  The park is big enough to incorporate several types of geography, so you might find yourself on a snowy hill or in a sun blasted desert. or thick pine forest.  You quickly find things to explore (cars, bags and piles of trash, etc) and that objects you collect can be crafted (collect rocks, they can be crafted into stone).  You ALSO notice that the clock is ticking.  If the game is set to a 50 minute day/night cycle that means roughly 1 minute of game time passes for each second of real time.  This is IMPORTANT, as we will see laer and you will find out directly.  Move fast, keep searching and collecting and checking what you can craft.  And keep looking for somewhere to hole up for the night.  And look HARD, because when night falls (about 9pm game time) all hell breaks loose, quite literally.Which brings me on to the zombies.  There are several different sorts of varying types and each has a different profile.  Hints:  Some can climb and others are TOUGH; watch out for dead guys packing a bit of weight and finally, dont take on a frozen lumberjack using your fists...  Despite everything the zombies are their usual shambling selves and can usually be avoided (by running off) or by killing (re-killing?) them.  In the day.  As soon as it gets dark these swine start to MOVE and if they detect you they home in on you like wasps around a jam jar.  So be ready by the time night falls because the dark is a cold lonely and looooong place, even at one minute passing per second!Playing alone is a real challenge, especially the first day or so.  The best I have managed so far is to build myself a small island and keep out of the way of Zed at night.  After three nights they got wise and started to wander the lake so I have taken to coming home using different routes.  Do these damn things hunt by smell?!?!?Co-op is fun (I play with my son and we managed to stake out a small are by a lake in the hills and build a pretty sturdy little caste which so far hasnt been too badly tested...)  The Zed will, if allowed, slowly beat down your defences so it pays to think about escape exits and ways to sally forth to kill them before they do too much damage.Crafting is handled very well in the game and, whilst complex and it is probably worth finding a list of all the things you CAN make to give you an idea but as you collect things, the list of stuff you could make with what you have is shown dynamically, so it's not too hard to do in-game.  Personally this is the main hook of the game for me.  Even in Falloout 3 I have felt frustrated at the lack of ability to alter, influence and create within the game environment.  In 7 Days that freedom is greatly expanded.Graphics & gameplay.  7 Days is a work-in-progress still and as such is still a little rough at the edges.  The graphics are very simple, primitive when compared to console or many PC FPS's.  I am not sure if this is an aesthetic, stylistic choice or if the graphics will change as the game develops, there have certainly been some recent changes to the look of the landscape which has become smoother and easier to move through.  Overall, the graphics are usable and any need to compare with COD or whatever fades when you are in the game.There ARE still a few bugs or idiosyncrasies in the game as-is (I am writing at V7.1).  Ovccasionally an object (usually its the same object over a whole map, for some reason) will look and act collectible but when you try to an error panel will emerge.  Most irritating, and hopefully one which will be amended ASAP, is that objects which are occluded by EVEN A TINY BIT of grass have such a tiny are of effect that it is impossible to collect or search them.  Not good with a horde of Zed on your tail...Overall, as-is, I would give this game 7/10 although if the team continue developing as they are now (there is a shopping list of planned additions and changes on the Steam store page) it would no doubt get higher as the game gets closer to fll commercial release.  As it is, it feels like as my character(s) are exploring Navezgane the world and its possibilities are opening up around them.I would definitely reccomend this game."
76561198119771640,Not Recommended,251570,21512992,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Garfielf,"Some things are great, some not so much.. It's fun to play, no doubt about that. However.. The graphics aren't great, the crafting is limited, the exploration isn't fully implimented as there are not a lot of different building spawns. In addition to this, the devs are slow to add new things, if they will even update it at all.I wouldn't recommend you buy this game, at least not now."
76561198001786003,Recommended,251570,18256436,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Acecom,"7DTD Is by far one of the best alpha / Early Access games out, Hands Down. It feels like a completed game in its currant state. The devs continue to work on it and it recieves a good flow of updates. The community overall is decent, and the game itself is fun with lots to explore and experience. It is much like minecraft with the way it builds and interacts within the environment, But in my honest opinion does a better job of it. Playing solo is fun and will keep you busy especially if you put the zombies on hard and put a decent amount in. Multiplayer is even better with the added effect of human interaction. Get this game you wont be disapointed."
76561197979463206,Recommended,251570,19841099,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Audaz,An open world zombie survival game where almost everything is destructable. Sounds fun enough to me!
76561198032620436,Not Recommended,251570,18750971,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nova,"I have quite the love/hate relationship with this title.While likely the best survival game I've played, this is the most frustrating alpha I have ever been apart of. Nearly 2 years I've been participating and their content drops are still 4-6 months apart and have offered no substantial change to game play elements or longevity. It's basically the same as it was when I first opt'd in except it looks prettier.I am officially not recommending this title because I believe they have the funding they need to finish via the kickstarter and because it becomes repetitious after the 3rd to 4th hour of gameplay due to there not being any end game.Wait for release, it will be a frekin fantastic game when it's done."
76561198106168592,Not Recommended,251570,21589419,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,"DC ""Bad Hombre"" Wasteland3r","Not a bad concept but its a low quality game overall, especially as far as balance is concerned."
,Recommended,251570,17249210,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Thug Potato,"This game is fun, brutal, intense, and rewards intelligent play. On top of this, the devs set a great example for how to release and develop an early access game.Considering the subject of most of the top comments I'll start by talking about the dev process. I play regularly with a couple of mates and we all regularly comment on how great the regular updates and communication from the devs is. Blog updates let players know clearly what is being prioritized and why, and what we have to look forward to in the upcoming patch. Patch notes are thorough and understandable. Decisions about what the devs are prioritising make sense. Major patches are very regular considering the size of the dev studio, and contain big servings of new content. AND WHEN THE DEVS STUFF SOMETHING UP THEY FIX IT IN THE VERY NEXT HOTFIX. For example, in a recent patch bows became very underpowered, forcing low level players into deadly melee combat with zombies. Coupled with this, the forge (which is a key part of progressing from weak hand crafted items to better metal items) became very hard to come by. Both of these issues were identified by the community, the devs listened, and they were rebalanced in the very next hotfix. I can't think of another early release game where I have been so impressed by the dev process.Now about the game itself. It's brutal, tense, replayable, and heaps of fun. In order to survive and progress you need to make intelligent decisions and think about how you're going to use your time. Difficulty progresses as you do, so you never feel overpowered or underpowered (or when you do get rekt you realise it was your fault). The world is interesting, unforgiving and diverse. The zombies are scary, in a good way. If you do die or otherwise suffer a setback you feel it, but you can make a comeback if you play it right. I regularly find myself on the edge of my seat, or scared, or elated, or just generally having an interesting and fun time. It's also great to play coop with a few friends. You can employ different strategies, and you will realise the outcomes of your decisions. It's a great way to play.With that in mind, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!As a final note, THIS GAME IS IN ALPHA. If you can't deal with bugs, or losing your save game with each major update, or incomplete features, THEN DON'T BUY IT. If you can't deal with these issues then don't buy ANY early access game. At this point if you buy it the devs DON'T owe you a complete game. They do owe regular and reasonable progress towards a final product, and in a perfect world they should have open, 2-way communication with the community during this process. In my experience both of those are true. Mad props to the devs, they're doing a great job."
,Not Recommended,251570,24086709,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cuyler,"Let me tell you about the 35 minutes I spent playing this game.Started game with girlfriend.Loaded us both in, I was loaded deep south, girlfriend loaded far north.(Expected the crappy load in locations from previous survival games)Running/Walking simulator to get to girlfriend and most of our time spent playing.(Also expected)The in game graphics look nothing like above screenshots, you have been warned.(Not expected)Along the way we witnessed:-Landscapes not fully loading. (emtpy/black rivers, ground half visible, bridges looking like cardboard)-Chunky zombies stutter-bit walking in my direction as shadowy figures until I got within 5 ft range.-Almost every house was locked.-Found the 1 unlocked house in all the land, and a pistol in the toilet, killed a few zombies with it after 3-5 shots to the head.-Pistols ammo never updated my shots, so it constantly said I had 16 bullets remaining when I had 0.-Very dead atmosphere, most areas looked identical and the awful graphics do not help.-Extremely poor optimization and not visually appealing.-Crafting was generic and would freeze game during some crafts.To sum it up, by the time both myself and girlfriend made it to each other, we were turned off from wanting to explore and get into the game any further due to above reasons.I normally try to play the game at least a few hours before submitting any type of review, but this is spatooey."
,Not Recommended,251570,30536353,Posted: 15 March,all,Orkeosaurus,"I've owned this game since about 2014 I believe, and it still seems really unfinished. I doubt I'm going to revisit it after what just happened to me:I just wasted an entire night playing this game because I glitched into the side of a hill right as a blood moon started, whereupon about 12 batshit crazy zombies straight out of 27 days later pile over me. I was able to kill maybe 3 of them through the terrain but since the game makes runescape look like a coffee break game it took about 20 arrows to kill each zombie before the game decided enough was enough and glitched me back to the surface as I was turned into zombie chow.I might look back into it when it eventually releases on the off chance I could find a friend who hasn't already been turned off by this unoptimized pos but there's like 50 other games in this genre so why bother?"
,Recommended,251570,9302791,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Purim,"DayZ meets Minecraft.+ Big map, a lot of zombies, interesting crafting system... If you enjoy Games like Spacebound, Terraria, Minecraft and like zombies, I am pretty sure you will like this one too.- Animations are poor as hell, for newbies the crafting system might be too complex and the price is a little too high for that what you get.My suggestion: Wait until it goes on sale, and give it a try."
76561198041002665,Recommended,251570,9890025,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Green777,"just started playing this and finding my way, this is a very good Zombie game in progressNow on alpha 11 been playing for over 1300 hours, a must buy its awesome and the updates all i can say is wow single player and multi BUY THIS GAME !!!!!"
76561198043251759,Not Recommended,251570,33572023,Posted: 15 July,all,cheyik,"Not yet ready for playing.  If you feel like donating to a work in progress - this might be a good choice.  I started playing a couple weeks ago and was starting to really get into it.  After the last update, everything I liked about it got broken.  Severe random spawning issues, which ruin the idea of building a base.  Random wandering hordes that wander through and destroy not only your base, but even stone/iron mine sites.  Supposedly - according to discussions - this is to keep the player from camping for too long.  But if this is supposed to be a construction game, what's the point of going through all the boring resource collection if your structutes: A) cannot withstand a single horde attack, and 2) won't keep out the random spawning zombies?  Not sure how there would be any structures standing in the world if that was happening.  Is this a first person shooter - go out in a blaze of glory game, or a crafting, base-building game?  Last week it was a fairly good blend of both.  Right now, it's neither."
76561198036623290,Recommended,251570,25129773,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,WhoGamesWins,"I seen this game pop up on my steam store and immediately I was intreagued by the concept of a survival zombie horror game. Having played Day Z in its early years I knew straight off that this game might have a lot of potential, so I snapped up two copies for me and my friend, to see what it was made of.I ain't gonna lie to you, but the game was horrific! Buggy, ugly, and not very interesting to play. So as you may now see we left the game thinking we would never lead down that road again, unfortunatly.BUT, just last week, after sitting both contemplating about what to jump on next, I seen 7 DTD, sitting greyed out and thought, lets give that a shot, see if it has got any better, so we did.MY LORD ALL MIGHTY THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES WE HAVE PLAYED IN A VERY, VERY LONG TIME!Never in my life have we every been so focused on a survival game to the point where you feel like you are in that house, praying that the defence is holding up against that mass hoard of mutated monsters, only to see it has failed and the door is being smashed in, right before your eyes! It truly makes you feel dead inside because you know you cannot do nothin about it, no amount of guns, or clubs are gonna defend you against that hoard, both you and the game feel as one, and that, in itself, is enough for me to make this review and place it in my top games of all time!However that is not the only aspect of the game, surviving the zombie masses. You do your thing at night, and find yourself planning what needs to be done once that happy hour chimes. Weather it be scaveging for items, looting gun safes, finding new clothes to help keep you warm on them cold nights, finding a new base of operations or just finding some food to get you through the next day in one piece, and not several pieces, or dog food.That all being said, the aspects of this game, what it takes to trying to stay alive, hunger, thirst, temperature, disesase, diarrhoea, infection, Broken limbs and zombies, really bring out the survivalist in you, and make for one heck of a journey!So i do thank you, The Fun Pimps, for making such a great game and keep the new versions coming! This game had 'the potential to be great' title from me since the start, and it has deffinately surpassed my expectations in every way! Good job. I highly reccommend this to ANYBODY who is interested in the Genre and enjoy any miltiplayer games in any way! Smashing."
76561198019944854,Not Recommended,251570,20063735,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hekane,It started raining. Died instantly.
,Recommended,251570,17683952,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,☠|zℕ|☠ FάtεChάngεr™,Best Suvival Zombie Game In steam
76561198073332139,Not Recommended,251570,20129936,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,dirtydale1,"Falls somewhere between rust and  day z.  Although there is potential here, the game has felt sloppy and incomplete for over a year.  The graphics are also some of the weaker in the survival genre."
76561198052656766,Not Recommended,251570,22015264,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,gReGsAfTeY,Fun until it breaks. Again. And again.Finally it gets a little stable then they add a feature you didnt want and it breaks again.
76561198024780449,Recommended,251570,8050236,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Molocke,OMG minecraft+Guns+fully destructable enviroments+relentless AI= FUN TOUGH GAME!!!
,Not Recommended,251570,28705042,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,'Raikkonen,"Can't recommend it for now.Not enough multiplayer servers around SEA.When you try to play multiplayer, there's an error popping up saying EAC bla bla.At first i thought it was a random error and the 0% will move eventually but no, it didn't.You have to close the game, i left the game open thinking it will load but nothing happens.Just 6 hours of waiting and i can't refund the game.I think this EAC problem could be fixed manually by the player now but really?Game is 3 years old and the creators can't fix that?I can understand glitch and bugs through out the gameplay but the game isn't playable for some players.Come on fix the damn game.That's something all i can hope for cause i can't get a damn refund."
,Recommended,251570,13111290,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,gamergraham268,7 Days to Die is a Zombie survival game that also can be played as a building sandbox as it is currently constantly being updated.7 Days to die offers hours of fun I highly recomend it and it is only £20.
76561197993220997,Not Recommended,251570,30360144,Posted: 6 March,all,mynicknameforawhile,"This game is a Minecraft-like with zombie taste and it can be fun in the future.  Every seventh nights, zombie hoards are coming to the players.  This feature put the game into chaos, unlike many Minecraft servers.However, at 2017 March, it is far from  completion as a software.  You will be annoyed with many critical and fundamental bugs/glitches/crashes.  One example: the Devs should have not made the game to ping 255.255.255.255 to search multiplayer servers, because this function makes players suspected as abusers by the network admins."
,Recommended,251570,12857787,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Hodor,HODOR!
,Not Recommended,251570,24066762,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Blue Math,"It really is the best survival game I've ever seen (in sense of gameplay), but it's  just talking in general. Let's look at pros and cons..Pros:+ great building system - it's voxel world but doesn't actually feel like this+ well looking mining - mining bugs with every version differently, but still it's good+ quite much realism but it's well balanced+ makes you wander around the world+ gravity exists for blocks too, things that are in air will fall and every block has its own hardness that makes it possible (or not) to build without supporting blocks underneath, so you may cry silently when block of concrete falls, because of bad design+ addicting pvp - you might think this game is about defending from zombies. You are wrong - the best thing is getting ready to defend your base from other players, who can be very tricky.+ pretty climatic+ graphics fits game well (but textures differ a lot on different settings)+ you might have very safe house, but nothing is impossible to enter anyway+ huge skills system - it's being adjusted all the time, but so far it's all goodCons:- updates introduce bugs, not fix them as one may think at first- bugs stack up so it becomes unplayable for more and more and MORE people (the worst scenario since last updates is constant crashing, like every 30 seconds...)- performance - or rather I should say lack of it - personally I have most time 40FPS (but it often drops to literally 4-15FPS) on GTX 980Ti and it consumes 7.4GB of RAM (it's while playing multi what should take less resources) - no kidding it really takes 7.4GB on my PC- let's name it ""bullet sponges"" - the more difficult zombie the more bullets it takes and I mean damn lot of ammo. There are zombies you have to shoot for A FEW MINUTES to kill. It's annoying and not challanging- zombie spawning is broken - you feel safe in your home? Wrong, there can be spawned one (often not just one) right in front of you and this game is ""realisticaly hard"", so you most likely die. Zombies can also hit you from 7 meters away or in other weird situations- they release update - you start your game over. I don't play singleplayer, but it's worth to note. Old saves will  most likely  make game crash or bug even more- hacks - there is some sort of anti-cheat called EasyAntiCheat - I bet the name of it comes from how easy it is to bypass it. In game where you spend damn lot of time it's so F***ED UP when hacker can just magically get in your house, kill you and/or destroy everything you worked forSo to sum up: I love to play this game, as long as it is possible without crashes - which is not at present time. Developers do not care, they release an update every few months with a few things added and a lot of things changed. Even when they know about very hot bugs that make game totally unplayable, they are not going to release quickly an update to fix it. No, no, no... they make  you wait a few months to just run it and see how even worse it works, but they add some content so you should be happy... And when I saw 'stable' next to update note I lauged like never before. Moreover they started work on console port - yes they put their time in console port while even PC doesn't work.Well, you should play this game - it's fun, but devs should NOT get any money. They get paid before anything is done in this game properly and don't care about future - there is only ""now"" and now it is sold in too many copies. This cash doesn't boost development - it slows it down almost to zero."
,Recommended,251570,8108700,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sgt Stedanko,A mix of dayz minecraft fallout3
76561198114726576,Not Recommended,251570,21630979,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Stewwy Malay,"never have i seen a game start off amazing with loads of potential, then every update makes the game more and more cancer. everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥now, like guns, the look of the game, the game mechanics, even the zombies and loot look like a child with downsyndrome."
76561198088353448,Not Recommended,251570,20097300,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,koenker,"i thought i could start playing this after Alpha 13. i was wrong, you cant find guns easily anymore. every door is boarded up, and they have too much health, i really want to play this game. but it will take too long for it to become fun, so i say: dont buy this."
76561198000365424,Recommended,251570,23154415,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rensin Redjaw,"Fun builder game with zombies and decent physics.  Can really be nerve wracking when you're new at this... and sometimes it can be hard to start out.  Beware of dogs.The biggest nit-pick is that it seems the devs are intent on making this more and more brutal with each iteration.  Oh, new build?  Let's see what they did.  Oh look, dogs still don't obey the movement speed that can be set, and the harder zombies seem to be getting even tougher.At least they got rid of the need for books---in some cases.  It'd be nice if they'd get rid of it completely.Still would recommend---it's constantly being worked on and is shaping up to be one of the best builder/survival games to date."
,Not Recommended,251570,19400713,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,jest,Melee combat = backpedal while hitting a zombie in the head with a fireaxe 15 times before it dies.  Randomized stuns and next to no hit feedback.
76561198259187335,Not Recommended,251570,20131550,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bobnewrobot,I played this game and I'm not happy... I usually ge tabout 200-300 frames in a game like Unturned. I usually get 90 frames in Fallout 4 and Minecraft. But this game. 10 fps... What a flucking waste of money. DO NOT BUY!
76561198076928454,Recommended,251570,8067807,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Ferg,"Its a tad expensive but the game really is fun even in alpha phase.I was originally looking at Rust but was a little put off by the multiplayer and PVP aspect of it.  7DTD does have multiplayer in the form of hosting a game that can be password protected so only your friends join or open.  I havent tried to do it yet as i dont have any friends with the game.Some features of the game:Upon creation of your ""world"" you can select the mode of the game.  Currently there are three modes tp select from each with thteir own features.  Then there are features such as scavenger that affedct the ease of loot in the world if you like to make i t more difficult.The most interestig part is that you can turn off the zombies if you simply want to build and explore.  Or you could change the zombie behavior.  On default the zombies walk during the day and are slow but run at night, it can get a little hairy.  You can set them to only walk as well.The best part of this feature is that you can create a world where you built multiple fortresses or whatever and then go back and turn the zombies on or invite friends to play them on.My favorite part of the game is the digging/mining and crafting system.  For crafting i recommend going on youtube and watch a how to craft video, once you understand the concept its pretty easy.  The mining aspect is compared to minecraft alot.  I never played minecraft so i cant comment on that.  BUT, i can comment on the fact that you can dig however far you want, i even burrowed under a lake and tapped into it for an underwater spring!!  I was pretty excited about that.The building aspect of this game is pretty intutive as well and also compared to minecraft...you use materials you forage and craft like stone or wood and build in blocks.  There is a bit of physics so you cant have a house floating in the sky supported by a single support.Overall i am very pleased i spent the money on this...yes it was a bit expensive but with how much fun i have had already i see great promise in this game.  If you pick up the game let me know and we can play, i have been wanting to try out the multi aspect of it.Hope this helps ask questions and get this great game."
76561198135998838,Not Recommended,251570,24976525,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Vilkas,BADLY OPTIMIZED
76561198064379110,Recommended,251570,13487694,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,lani,This game is amazing so many good memories ^.^
,Not Recommended,251570,19706749,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,okami63,"The game is so much rped by cheaters that it's barely playable now. Every server u go..maps are destroyed by cheaters, spawn traps and all kind of other sht.Anti-Cheat really is pointless, sad!"
76561198212783617,Recommended,251570,20801380,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Kenny Rao,"One year ago,when I first saw this game,when I first saw somebody play this game,I have already found it reallygoodinteresting.The idea of the game was creative.And the game is really playable.And it is still improving."
76561198137639547,Not Recommended,251570,22543329,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ejo,Was great until Alpha 14 came out and now it doesnt work on Mac. Graphics are all jacked up. They don't seem to care about Linux or Mac users... What a shame
,Recommended,251570,19686178,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Robm,"7 Days to DieDeath Simulator 2k15I spawn into a new world. It is raining and cold, nearly die because of hypotherma. The rain stops. Walks around looking for a abandoned house. I get sawrmed by 10 zombies and die. Respawns. Starts in a tundra on top of mountain. I die of hypotherma. Respawn. Finds abondened house. Dies of starvation. GG. This game is more challenging then minecraft, many more ways to die. Be warned, everything in this game is out to kill you, even the sun. Everything will kill you. Zombies, bears, weather, zombie bears, water, the ground, caves, buildings, mines, cars, the sun, and anything else I didn't mention.12/10 would die again"
,Not Recommended,251570,18642908,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,rico suave,"I've been following this game ever since its kickstarter and have played a fair amount in the past (339 hours). My outlook on the game's progress has slowly been degenerating into apathy the longer I follow its development.Perhaps its a first impression bias, but I'm not convinced that the game will improve, mostly because I have very little faith in the judgement and skills of the developers themselves. While many will mention their negative PR etc. The thing that really got me off is how obsessed the ""artiste"" is with ""beauty"", and with beauty I mean a very shallow impression on how the women should look in the game. It's a survival game and the graphics are abysmal, stop wasting your efforts on some childish endeavour. While I think the art style is poor it seems to stem from their apparant idea of graphics consisting only of adding more and hiiiigher HIGH DEFINITION textures. Slapping extra bits on every single asset doesn't make it look good, it only portrays the talentless and tasteless vision of the designers.While I'm not too fond of the graphics, I feel obligated to mention that I honestly don't care about graphics, it's the gameplay I'm concerned about.Now here's the gist of it. The game has potential, it has a very rich and enjoyable experience, it's big, ambitious and definitely a better sandbox survival game than 99% of the games out there. The reason why I will not recommend it is because the gameplay in my opinion seems to have deteriorated over time during its development. With its peak release far in the past. Said past release was not only a lot of fun to play, but also gave you a favourable impression on its true potential; the latter being lost to me as the development has slowly progressed.Not recommended as of right now, but perhaps they have a long term vision that will impress us all and prove me wrong. Only time will tell."
,Recommended,251570,18263736,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ultima Virus,Fantastic survival game. This game and Zomboid are among the best of it's genre.
76561198130137709,Not Recommended,251570,29553065,Posted: 28 January,all,nerdtwerker,"This game is pretty fun with friends but if you think you're gonna play this with freinds and play single player on your own time you may wanna reconsider this.The SP on this game has been literally the worst gaming experience of my 38 years.I couldn't find any combinations of server options that made this enjoyable for me.But with just one friend playing the experience changes alot and becomes fun i guess that's why theres a 2 pack option.Graphics suck,Menu and crafting is clunky."
,Not Recommended,251570,29794259,Posted: 8 February,all,BirthSquirt,"I wanted to play this game, but it has a stuttering issue which is extremely annoying. About every 10 seconds, the game stutters. This is the case for me when I play SP as well as on a dedicated server. I have an extremely powerful rig and the game is on an SSD so there is really no excuse for this. I've done some research online and found this has been a problem for a couple years now with no end in sight. I will be returning it. I'd like to pick up the game again someday when this is fixed."
76561198121323220,Not Recommended,251570,19714133,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bullymays,"I've owned this game for over 2 years now.  At first, it was a blast, they could have really built something nice.  Instead of building and optimizing what they had, its a shell of its former self.  They keep adding broken content and horrible mechanics to a game that did not need any of this.  The newest v13 is a joke.  If the game was released at v13 it would have mostly negative reviews.I don't understand why they did this.  The entire premise of the game is now broken and unplayable.  Why do developers just continue to release untested garbage updates by adding useless junk to a game instead of building and optimizing what they had that worked very well?Running on a 64 GB, 3x 180 SSD's, 1GB up/down, E5 OVH (That runs Ark servers like a dream), its unplayable with 2 people.  The new temp system is horrid, zombie animations are laughable, trying to get into a house now takes 15 mins of literally beating on a board with multiple tools (because your first two will break from durability), dogs are a mess, building is now worthless and broken, basically everything in the game they ruined."
76561198080240355,Recommended,251570,25844062,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jek,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkoidwsLXCg
,Recommended,251570,13785792,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mhofever,"Drank water from the river, got diarrhea. Then got bit by a zombie and became infected.At least I had my can of beans to eat, so got to look at the bright side of ""7 Days to Die"" life.10/10"
76561198061009775,Recommended,251570,8811304,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,The Citrus King,buy this game then play it till your eyes bleed. 10/10
,Not Recommended,251570,24970884,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DALEKS,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME IF YOU PLAN ON RUNNING IT ON A MAC !   IT DOES NOT WORK !While I understand that this game is still in early access, several issues render it unplayable on macs. I managed to get the game to load once and shortly afterwards I encountered a glitch in which I couldn't craft items without console opening (you can't play this game without crafting).After restarting, the game froze trying to load the environment for my save file. Since then, I've been unable to load the game as it consistently freezes on the laoding screen. I'm going to try to get a refund because the glitches for macs greatly exceed what would be appropriate for an alpha release. In my opnion, the developers should not advertise this game as being compatible on macs because in its current state, it isn't."
76561197995801333,Recommended,251570,8443052,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,briancourt2,"Great game1751 hours.  Wow, that is what i call replay ability.I might be just now starting to run out of new ways to try.Each new alpha brings enough changes that replaying is like getting a new game for free.One of my best alpha game choices I have ever made.  New Horde systems has everyone rethinking the base defense.  Uisng more pasive damage tactics now like fire/fall so that building spike traps isn't so expensive as the hordes are much much longer.Best Chalenge settings:Loot spawn 25% - finding good loot early actually is not fun.  Supply struggle is more real.Respwan 5 days - traveling a day to find a new town is not fun, or mod xml files to change city sizes and distances, to make it more real.Spawn High - game lags too much on very high, but want that. I miss the days when on camera could be many more zombies, the new detail came with a cost.  Each zombie moving different was worth the changes.Build just outside hub city, preferably in a grass foreset biome.  Best fort does not rely on spikes, but manages location of zombies so that you can take them out without fear of damage.  You want them under you and you shoot through iron bars.  the right materials for your structure allow the walls to be far away so that they don't get targeted."
,Not Recommended,251570,24076527,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,✪ BetA™,Not worth $24.99 maybe $10
,Not Recommended,251570,22918524,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Cr4zYcH1cK3nB0Y,"Liked the game just fine, until I got banned from their forums for posting about a REAL issue that I was having.  Some Moderator banned me ""PERMENANTLY"" from their forums for posting about a simple problem I was having with their game and my version of Windows.  He/She said I was ""trolling"".  If expressing a problem that you're having with someones game is trolling, a lot of people are going to get banned.  This was uncalled for and until the ban is lifted, there wont be more thought given to my recommendation or to this game!"
76561198056024592,Recommended,251570,18820630,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Stormtrooper Aim,"Day 1:  Ran around naked punching trees before getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a fat zombieDay 2: Discovered how to make an axe.  Had to search around half an hour to find one stoneDay 3: Was cutting a tree in some plains when 2 guys with hunting rifles showed up behind me.  Turned out they were the guys in chat teaching me the basics.  They were chill and gave me some gear and then ran off to kill hackers.Day 4: While wandering heading west, I decided to take on 3 zombies +  2 dogs with a bow and wood club and died.  Lost my gear and had to restart.  Spent another hour looking for one rock.11/10 would spend an hour looking for a rock againTHIS GAME IS AMAZING but DEVs please make rocks more common.EDIT: I KNOW THIS AINT ♥♥♥♥ING MINECRAFT"
,Not Recommended,251570,30500483,Posted: 13 March,all,KMo,"7 Days to Die. More like 7 Years to Finish, amirite?I absolutely LOVE this game but I'm frankly a little tired of seeing it take so long. The devs have shared their excitement on seeing how well the game does when they release huge updates and you would think that's an encouragement to move a little quicker on release. Not the case. I've reached the point where I feel the devs are no longer taking this game's release seriously and if I feel that way, I can't in good conscience recommend it to other people until they get a little bit more serious about releasing this game during their own lifetime.I'll be happy to change my opinion once I see some serious progress. I've owned this game for a very long time and I've driven many hours into it but I just can't recommend it right now."
,Not Recommended,251570,24924702,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ProGamerWill,Still pretty buggy and suffers low FPS pretty constantly. Console version is getting way too much attention from devs.
,Recommended,251570,13771583,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AgentSly,Killed a Zombie with a Shovel. Opend the Zombies Corpse And Found a rocket launcher. Blew more Zombies up.69/21 Must get
76561198049240115,Not Recommended,251570,21558111,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Monkey,"Multi player sucks on this game, no offical servers, hackers, & admin abuse, I got a global ban for calling out admin abuse on a community server, he had three servers so he was able to give me three strikes, & I was unable to join servers (hitting through walls/using tp)."
76561198020721727,Not Recommended,251570,19671958,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Deminse,needs to be optimized real fast
76561198001045652,Recommended,251570,12933840,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SAM WARS,"Even in the stage of Alpha that the game is in, the game has pretty solid mechanics now including several skills that affects different things such as skills based around weapons increasing damage dealt, crafting skill affect item durability, and armor skills that increase armor effectiveness.I haven't played multiplayer much so I cannot talk that end.The devs seem on the ball with most fixes and put out new update every few months.Right now as it stands in Alpha 13.x, I would say it is a solid $20 buy."
76561198191657206,Recommended,251570,29913951,Posted: 13 February,all,icedsun,"Great early-access title with plenty of features and countless hours of gameplay. Development is still very active and I look forward to seeing this move toward a finished, polished product."
,Recommended,251570,27738437,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rayden,"Game has come a long way, still one of the best zombie survival games out there."
76561198370383453,Recommended,251570,30373367,Posted: 7 March,all,RokoParagon,eats broken glass*
76561198306640815,Recommended,251570,27774041,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cody,Fun game i only have a little bit of hours but fun
76561198101640601,Recommended,251570,12178278,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ŞØҜØ βŁΔĆҜ,"they should make posible to do a lan game, trying to play with friend is being annoying and difficult but the game is really nice i recomend it"
76561197960875951,Recommended,251570,8778249,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Critcher,*FAP FAP FAP*so...♥♥♥♥♥♥...awesome
76561198078981897,Recommended,251570,12125733,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,NerdzNationGaming,"They need to fix the Zombie sounds. You can hear Zombies around you but when you turn around there are none there. Very annoying. Other than that, the game is pretty solid so far."
,Recommended,251570,11465013,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,kTcTheTinman157,mincrafts +zombie survival checkdone right check10/10 checkdying in singleplayer trying to survive checkthis game has all the right things for a multiplayer survival not so difficult you hate playing it but not so easy you can play by yourself zombie AI is smart enough to find you everywhere and they will follow your stench till they find you.Be ready at night for the horde is comeing
76561197974791025,Recommended,251570,12090081,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Backpocket Productions,"Let's start with the basics.First, no matter how you dice it, it is a survival game mixed in with Minecraft-like building features.I bought this game solely on customer's reviews.Now, that I have been playing it for several days, I have my personal pros and cons.You start out trying to find materials to keep 3 major functions going: Health, Hunger, and Thirst.All the while, trying to avoid the zombie spawns that are all over the map.Once you have enough items to keep your 3 major functions in check, you will need to find crafting materials for building a shelter (which, at night, is sheer necessity).The map is a hodge podge of random land areas (desert, forest, etc.) which, if you travel far enough in one direction, kerplow! you are in a whole different type of landscape (which doesn't necessarily look natural at all).The zombies are in my opinion, not well done. There seems to be something lacking with them that I just can't put my finger on. They just don't seem well ... scary. The dogs on the other hand scare the pee out of me! The zombie hornet IMO can be removed from the game entirely, as it seems more a nuisance than anything else.The crafting system is pretty cool and offers some neat variety in trying to combine junk items to make good ones. It is very well implemented and it's fun to create a much needed item out of different things.The building system is simplistic and easy to use. Even the most novice gamer can build things with ease. This harkens to the Minecraft game which everyone says it's similar to. It's pretty nice.When wandering around the map, I almost feel bored, collecting bits of trash here, watching for the random spawned zombies, and piecing together what I can. There just seems like I am waiting for something spooky to happen and it's just the same thing over and over. Even with the zombies on feral and the difficulty set high, I easily outpace the zombies (not the dogs) and escape to live another day. There is just something a little lackluster about the feel of the game.I do enjoy getting close to a set of buildings at night. You can hear the zombies howling and that's when the game pulls off what it should all along. A feeling of fear. You know, where did that sound come from? Oh crap, I need to get in that building but, did I just see some movement over that way? Maybe, I should go hide and come back when it's daylight?All in all, I believe the game is pretty solid and it is fun to play. The devs have given us creative mode and for those who don't feel like running around crafting items for much needed resources, there is a cheat mode included as well.In the future, if the tension where to somehow be ratcheted up (I truly don't know how they'd accomplish it) I would give the game a pretty high mark.For now, I'll wait and see how this one progresses. For those of you wanting a solid, fun entertaining game, I would highly recommend this to you.I tip my hat to the devs at Fun Pimps. Keep up the good work ladies and gentlemen. You've got something good in the works here.Thank you."
,Recommended,251570,13740827,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KaliMoose,"7/10 ""Amazing concept, but feels like something's missing.""First off, this game Is loads of fun with friends. But after the first couple of hours, It just seems to get repetitive.In my opinion, this game Is Minecraft in a zombie apocalypse setting. The zombies are relentless and will mess you up If you're not paying attention. There's loads of crafting, but there's really nothing much to discover after that.Those of you out there that love building and crafting are going to enjoy this game substantially more than me. But honestly, that's all this game came down to, was crafting. I did ENOUGH of that when Minecraft came out. To me, It seems more of a chore, than a fun-filled adventure.All in all, I feel like they could of done more with features, maybe a progression system, classes, abilities, or something to that effect. It's a great game, with loads of multiplayer fun & zombie killing. But It's not something that's gonna keep you hooked for weeks/months on end.Recommendation: If you love crafting, and killing endless hordes of zombies, get this game."
76561197974295074,Recommended,251570,14090719,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shattered Moon,its good and all but the animations could use some work but other than that its all good. the graphics are good its runs well (with some PC's) and its rather energizing.
76561198196837526,Recommended,251570,23740741,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,=7DTD=Purple_JOEY,why is it everytime i join a game/server it takes about 30 mins on the loading screen then the game quits aoutomaticly???
,Recommended,251570,15209489,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BirdPerson,"Played a little. Fun. Updates are linear and straight forward, unlike say, payday that changes mechanics every few months, Fantastic with friends, esp. if engineering students."
76561198061803284,Recommended,251570,12428396,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kestrel,good
76561197999358312,Recommended,251570,13510194,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Honshi,Good and fun game. Met a couple of really cool friends (those 2 below). Game is much better trying to survive together and everyone do a job role playing. Crafting and building is the key. Fun for casual gaming as well
76561198148656011,Recommended,251570,11591787,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,THEY'RE TURNING THE FROGS GAY,"If you want a survival game that hands you everything, do not purchase this. But for those who are true adventurers who look zombies in the face and ask them if they want some fries with the butt kicking you are about to serve them this is your game. Scaveging for food and water add to the realism and your gages seem to laugh at you as you desperatly thrash through destroyed cities for relief. You start defensless you have one bottle of water and some food, the rest is up to you. Every victory seems titanic. The work you put into something feels well spent, but keep an eye out for wandering hords of zombies, they are attracted to the sound your starving character is making. There are bugs but it's an alpha so toss your worries aside nothing game breaking, money well invested. I love this game, and having friends play it makes the game even more fun. Solid game and it's only getting better."
76561198029474071,Recommended,251570,25507490,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,KBz | Smokey,one of the best games i have played in a long time please try
,Recommended,251570,15256721,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Brother Bear 3 Disc Special,"Of the Early Access games I own this one has been updated the most. If you like Survival/Crafting games I would highly suggest you look into this game. I personally enjoy it's style and level of depth. The game is customizable with the ability to change zombie spawn rates, their strengths, loot timers etc so you can really customize your game to play how you want. In addition to that there is also a creative mode if you want to try out new things without going through the effort of crafting them yourself. Overall it's a fun game that might not be for everyone but it offers a fun experience and with it's frequent updates the game is constantly changing."
76561198008152252,Recommended,251570,14426266,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wadgod,"Cant wait to see whats coming for this game its been tons of fun.  I only hope more guns, more land, and more zombies will be added in the future.  10/10 with tons of room to grow!"
76561198138533774,Recommended,251570,17610679,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,NT,awesome game10/10
,Recommended,251570,27741012,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KingdomBragg,"Excellent fun be it solo or with friends and the developers continue to add to and improve the game. Seriously, compare footage of the first alpha release with the most recent: every update is like getting a great new game for free."
,Recommended,251570,26061725,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,tweakweak,"This game is fantastic even with it's few flaws since Alpha fifteen.The Horde system is better, the game itself is feeling a lot more complete.Price is more than worth it.8/10-2 for not full controller support, and still having  a few bugs."
,Recommended,251570,11855466,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Aɪ,"It's the zombie horror minecraft looting game I always didn't know I wanted. This game is a perfect mix of genres and satifies the FPS and building needs I have. The only thing I have to complain about is the fact that you can't make houses like the ones in the default map-they cannot have different textures on the outside than the inside. I feel like if this was changed, the game would be absolutely perfect."
,Recommended,251570,16441806,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sakuya ♠『十六夜』,"This is my story for 7 Days to die.The story about Meido and Meirin (me and my friend).After 2 days hid in the grass at night, we finally made our way to meet each other.We decided to hold up in a store for a few days.Everything was good until day 6, when a horde for whatever reason sensed us in that building and start breaking everything to get inside.Being chased to the roof, out of ammo, out of arrow, no way to run. Meirin decided to jump from the roof to save himself, still siting from above, I could hear the sound of his leg broken, his scream, eventually, his death.As for me, jumping is the only way to survive, but I jumped to a windows instead. Thought I would be safe from there, but no, those zombies run up and break the windows from the inside to get to me. Desperately, I jump down and land on a zombie. A miracle happen, I didn't die but fell out of the world instead.10/10 would fell out of the world again."
76561198099589181,Recommended,251570,16486262,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Scout_The_Bear,"This game is actually incredibly fun. I bought it, got confused, rage quit, and then started playing with friends again several months later. We currently have a small underground base and love picking off zombies. Definitely get this game if you like free building, surviving, and crafting."
,Recommended,251570,12455538,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Turkey Warrior,"I bought the game for me and my brother and we downloaded it, we were playing gmod at the time and he didn't want to get off until I forced him and then we ended up playing 7 Days to Die from 1:30 Am to 4:30 Am, but I found it to be quite annoying because if you die next to or near a wall your bag can drop inside of it.I give it a 9.5/10"
76561197980349438,Recommended,251570,12479267,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Damonvile,"Great survival game. You spend the day gathering and building getting ready to hide like a.....you know...at night.They really have captured the ""survival"" part, of this type of game. Minecraft building with zombies, all with good graphics.I would recomend this game to anyone. 9/10"
76561198033425015,Recommended,251570,13997847,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Darthvin,This game still has a few problems and some poor Zombie AI. b ut overall well worth the money. and remember it's still in testing. Looking forward to the mini bikes next patch to increase my exploration range.
,Recommended,251570,15267599,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TheVoice865,"To me, this is quite possibly the best game i have played on my laptop. i love the threat from the zombies, meeting people on public servers and ridding the world of an awful infestation, one zombie at a time :PHighly recommend this game if you enjoy minecraft, zombies, and foraging for supplies to kick♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,251570,15398646,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Chrithu,"This review is based on Alpha 11.2b4 mostly.As far as survival/building sandboxes go I have played Minecraft, DayZ (mod, mods of the mod [epoch, origin] and standalone), Nether, Project Zomboid, Don't Starve, Neo Scavenger and various Mods for Fallout 3/NV.7 Days to Die is by far the most promising of all of them. While still deep in alpha and thus buggy and far from feature complete it already blends much of the depth of Minecraft's and Don't Starve's crafting and survival mechanics with Minecraftesque block building and does that in quite stunning graphics for a voxel based game (especially after the Unity 5 update). On top of that it features a clever Zombie AI and PvE elements that I have dreamed about seeing in DayZ for 3 years now (and they still haven't arrived although promised).Most of the important stuff is done via XML files which makes this game super easy to mod. That leads me right to the plethora of options a player or server admin has at his grasp to configure his game experience towards his very personal needs/wishes. Tons of options to make the game harder/easier multiplied by the possibilities given through modding of the XML files.This makes the game appeal to quite the broad audience. The game offers unique challenges to overcome for every type of player: Whether you play only single player, are in it for the PvP or do co-op PvE with your friends (my favorite mode). Especially in co-op play there's room fot many different player mindsets: miners, crafters, zombie hunters, cooks, explorers. You name it and there's something to do in the game for sure.Also this game is one of the sadly few outstanding examples of how Early Access should be done. Regular Updates, good communication between devs and players and very quick fixes for game breaking bugs in 90% of cases.To cut a long story short: 7 Days to Die is far from done and has it's bugs. But it is a very playable and very featurefull alpha version already. And compared to the great DayZ it currently is hands down the better and faster progressing game. Mostly due to it's challenging PvE and survival mechanics and for it's customizability. So if you are into block building and/or zombie survival games you really should give 7DTD a shot."
76561197982727216,Recommended,251570,15260665,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,alanisman1,"This was exactly what I was looking for when I wanted a ""Walking Dead"" style survival adventure game.  Well, almost exactly.  This game is Minecraft meets Walking Dead minus the infinite world and other living survivors (excluding Multiplayer).PROS+ Fun exploring region and scavenging for supplies+ Wide range of customizable game world options+ Lots of craftable items and weapons+ Hunger/Thirst/Health system adds urgency to keep working+ Good balance of tension, exploration, and creation+ Working together with friends in Multiplayer is a blast+ Planned features look exciting (Developer seems active)CONS- Some things shouldn't have to be learned the hard way (leaving world zone & drinking river water = death)- Player skills and abilities aren't very clear (this is to be updated soon)- Graphics aren't spectacular yet my PC drags on high settings- Zombies can spawn in questionable areas- Many game concepts aren't immediately obvious and require research"
,Recommended,251570,12293028,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kan_Nikk,"Great game, even in Alpha Stage.I can see that it has great potential to be everything i've ever wanted in a zombie game.I wish the servers held more people considering its an infinite world, but all in due time.If you like zombies, this is your game, even in alpha.If you like building, this is your game.If you like looting, this is your game.If you like realistic, this is almost your game!Just get it, you'll love it, and when it is finally done, you'll be happy to have been there every step of the way."
76561197968060417,Recommended,251570,8954694,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Pogo Panda,I dont know why people are complaining about this game. This game is WELL worth the money I spent and is going to be soooooo amazing in the future. Yeah it has bugs and somtimes a glitch here and there but I cant stop playing this game I love it. Its a game you talk about with your friends the next day after playing a few hours the day prior surviving the zombie hordes. I even rented my own server for this game   DomAndApe   that is something I have never done done any game. Buy this game and actually play for a few hours you will NOT regret it.
76561198026477952,Recommended,251570,13754034,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tatti,"It's a lot of fun when played with friends (maybe even alone, who knows), but it still has lots of bugs which makes it really annoying at times. Eg. when I have something in the crafting section and I disconnect the items just disappear. When a backpack falls to the ground it gets destroyed and no items are dropped. But it's in Alpha so what was I even expecting.. really waiting for the full release for sure! Will be a lot of fun if this ever gets released."
76561198153555810,Recommended,251570,15432880,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,simon.shadowshow,far too addictive for its own good ... takes a bit of getting used to at first but then it has you ....
,Recommended,251570,15433636,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Gladius_tes,"This game is incredibly difficult, but I think thats the point.  It feels like the demon love child between DayZ and minecraft, but much less interesting.  There is no story, and it is a comletely open-ended game where you can do anywherem do anything you want.  Aside from the terrible claymation graphics of npcs, the actual world looks pretty good.  Zombies are hard to kill and hard to evade.  I found the thirst, hunger, and sickness/injury mechanincs inovative but a bit tedious.  The game certainly needs some fine tuning, but it is still enjoyable."
76561198031154612,Recommended,251570,15149000,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tonythegardener,"well worth the price just for single player.pros- lots of interesting crafting options that unlock over time as you find books.- feeling of progression as you find resources you are looking for to craft things that make it easier- single player has a horde every 7 days which adds considerable challenge to keep you busy and always getting ready for the next onslaught- great online player capability as long as you find a well managed server. Enjoy surviving with others- graphics are alright, and next update appears to be even bettercons- some servers are too easy for hackers so can be frustrating. Just leave and find a better managed server- Latest update is taking a lot longer than expected. While frequent communications are given, they don't do well at showing progression toward release- updates frequently break existing worlds / saves"
,Recommended,251570,15611385,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,seven_dc,DayZ combined with Minecraft with complex crafting system. Constant updates and nice community. Recommended.
76561198036742815,Recommended,251570,12470172,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Moxa9,"Unlike other games in this genre, 7 Days to Die has two things that will make it successful (and help to explain why people like it so much). Firstly, the system works well with meshing survival with construction and where elements don't work (not talking about bugs) the developers are relativly quick to fix it. This is very helpful when comparing it to games like Rust. Secondly the community is fantastic. A quick look at the server list will tell you this much with most major countries hosting around 50 servers (on average) that are not locked and many more that are between private groups. This makes it fun to just jump on a world and start surviving with other people.Yes it's still in alpha so many systems aren't fine tuned or finished but I don't doubt that it will be finished in the next 3 years at least. Think of minecraft's timeline from start to finish.Overall would recomend and I hope you look out for me if you see me on any worlds."
,Recommended,251570,10162199,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,KinDa_2D,"With my ecpierence with the game, I cannot Reccomend right now for the the price the game is asking.The game continually crashes without saving any pregress, So I have to constantly start over,My ""Saved"" game data is changing, so even when it shows a saved game I started, It's not actually the same game, even with it automatically changing my games from a Solo Play to Multiplayer Play.I've troubleshot it a grand total of 12 times and can't figure out why these issues are happening.From what I get to play, it looks awesome and fun, But with it ALWAYS crashing and cjanging everything it makes me very sad I spent $25 on a game I should be able to enjoy, But can't.Don't get me wrong, my friends who play this game haven expierenced these problems, and sounds like their having a blast..But I'm unable to join, even with the settings to their absolute lowest.Devs, Please fix these issues. I really want to play, and I REALLY don't want to feel like I just lost $25.~2D***UPDATED***: Issue fixed, along with a lot of the bugs i was having. Great job devs, But please update more often."
76561198142010476,Recommended,251570,11973799,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,[33E91A]gamerguy3000,best game to play
,Recommended,251570,14877010,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ronyn,"I have over 400 hours on record in playing this game.  I run a private server for my family and I've played on different PVP and PVE servers to see what others are doing since I'm a novice on how to run that server and I know nothing about programming, modding, or how to use mods and fabs of others.With that said, if you are interested in building, mining, farming, exploring, making weapons, food, equipment and fighting zombies along the way than this game would be a good fit, although I'm not sure it's actually worth $25.00 in it's current state and would look to see when it goes on sale again.The game is still in early access, so there are going to be bugs and issues until final release, but some of the bugs are really annoying to the point my family members have all taken a time out until the next update.  I've experienced items going missing, not being able to craft unless I log out and back in, game days resetting themselves, Zombies spawning inside a fortress after i cleared it out and spent days building, and the ocassional zombie on crackfest where the entire amount of zombies that can spawn, will all spawn in the same area at the same time.Even with the bugs, my family and I have all had fun playing the game and I think it's worth a look when it gets closer to being finished, or especially if it goes on sale again.  As far as playing on other servers and/or letting players onto a server that you run..... there will be hackers, trolls, rudeness, griefers and complainers all over the place, so it's like any other game.I think the last time I saw any information about what's going on in the game was in January 2015, so I'd love to see the dev's publish more updates on the state of the game, future plans, problems they've found, and maybe just to introduce themselves.I also hope they come through with some of the promises they have made because to me, this is one of the better survival games out there.  So even with the bugs and some of the issues, I would definitely recommend the game."
76561198032634253,Recommended,251570,8968479,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,dizzleaz,"For an Alpha level, wow!!! Price is a bit high, but if u are looking at playing this for more than 20min, its a great game. U have to be into 1st person,zombie shooters, with Minecraft (kinda), and tower defense/ oh crap look hom many there are today, games to enjoy this. Its not for everyone.Its a bit more realistic of what may happen if zombies ruled the world.WISHLIST FOR THIS GAME....1. Cars or bikes or something2. Zombies not spawn in the base (still)3. Reason for being in the game (No boss, story, or quests)There are more, but please dont get me wrong, this is a good game, and if dev continues, could be an increadable game."
,Recommended,251570,12120295,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Queen Derp,"Amazing game, if you like minecraft AND zombies, definitely take a look at this.Minecraft wise this game is way more advanced with numerous of crafting recepies."
76561198112945728,Recommended,251570,15407624,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Grimmjow,"I feel 7 Days To Die has a lot of potential. After playing the game for atleast a combined time of 6-7 hours I feel it is unique in it's own way. With it's interesting crafting system and captivating surroundings, the need to survive exists in this game almost as if you were living in this apocolyptic wasteland this very day."
76561198064541377,Recommended,251570,11524782,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TheHorselessHeadsman,"So let me start with the things I don't like about the game to get that out of the way.1. The graphics aren't very good. (Not that I mind so much about that.)2. There are no vehicles to drive. (Although I do beleive they plan to change this in the future.)3. The melee system is terrible, I'd like to be able to slash instead of stabbing the whole time.Now on to the good stuff.1. The crafting system is amazing. As well as the thirst, hunger, stamina, and health bars. They make it more than just a zombie slaughtering game.2. This is more of an opinion. I really like the fact that the zombies are easy in the day and a lot harder at night, it gives you a sense of ergency trying to prepare for nightfall.3. Everything in the world is destructable.4. Really really fun Co-op.5. The physics system is great, so you can't build impractical, impossible buildings. (Like in minecraft*Cough*Cough*)All together its a pretty awesome game, And I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,251570,26449686,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Come Cu de Curioso,Minecraft + DayZ = 7 Days to DieBest survival game I've ever played in years.
,Recommended,251570,27233206,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tobiasrocks,An amazing experience you call a game get it while its still on sale. hurry before its to late!!!
76561198123024379,Recommended,251570,15678133,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pumble,"Very nice zombie game. The building of bases and sculpting of terrain is very satisfying and a lot of fun. Graphics are better now than from when the game first came out, and you can have your own customised character now as well. However the game does become somewhat easy after a while. But you can always get onto a modded multiplayer server for increased difficulty and zombie carnage.8.8/10."
76561198109022580,Recommended,251570,25900455,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,uberjack,"Awesome survival-craftig-sandbox game, great features from several genres. promising skill system and lots of great ideas in this game, also looks fantastic since the last update (alpha 15). almost doenst feel like early access anymore!"
76561197989454460,Recommended,251570,22140616,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SilentChilli,"It has been a long journey. I've been with this game since A9, seen a lot of changes. Our community (7Gamers) got wiped out in the infamous ""PVP stability issues"". Hands down, best game i've ever played. loved it, hated it, rage quit, all night and day binges with some great peeps. Built fortresses, played rogue. Its like mincraft meets Call of Duty. Lots of potential for the modding communities. As much as fun pimps have isolated fanactics at times, they've stuck by it when they could have packaged it at A12. Feels like there is more to come. 1000+ hours, (not left running in background either). Here is to the next 1000."
76561198004369165,Recommended,251570,12429412,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The_Angry_Woodsman,"I don't understand. I redownloaded this game 3 times, I installed x32 bit and x64 bit. Nothing is working. The same ""Steam Client Servers are not connected"" message that everyone who got this game in alpha is complaining about. Just ♥♥♥♥ing bought this game and it already doesn't work. Can I either get a hand in fixing this, or my money back?"
76561198167971878,Recommended,251570,15035858,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Burt Fuckman,"A very excellent game.  It's an open, voxel-based world where you try to survive while defending against neverending hordes of zombies.  The zombies are tough, the crafting and scavenging are great, and the base-building is expansive, with lots of strategies to try.  The weapons are impressive as well, each with their own pros and cons for different situations.I think the best part about this game is how well-balanced it is using the default settings.  Everything feels just right.  The biggest and only real con is that occassionally hit detection can seem a little flaky, so you can sometimes take damage without appearing to be very close to a zombie.  This works both ways, so sometimes you can hit zombies far away when you really shouldn't.Being that this is early access, I would expect much worse, so kudos to the developers for making a polished product.  I highly recommend this game to play solo or with friends."
,Recommended,251570,12576772,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,The White Death,Ran out of clean water. Got water from toilet. Drank it. Died from dysentary. Would dysentary again. 10/10
76561198051433657,Recommended,251570,30070389,Posted: 20 February,all,Lysp,"7 days to die (7D2D) is currently an early access title that is continuously being developed. Truthfully, I don't know if this title is ever going to come out of Early Access. If you decide to contribute to the Early Access monster, you'll probably anticipate a few major updates per year. The major updates are pretty substantial - it's almost like Christmas when it arrives.Pro's:- It runs on Linux.- Multiplayer is fun. I find myself playing this more than Minecraft.- The random maps are pretty large. The mopad is your friend.- If the zombies cannot reach you, they will dig and destroy your structure to reach you.- The game can be heavily configured for your individual play style. It may take a little searching, but it's possible.Con's & updates needed:- Quest/story line is still in development.- Bugs are still being squished - It's early access... you should expect bugs.- Program is still being optimized. Sometimes the game pushes 10 gigs of ram on my 16 gig machine before starting to have issues.Other:- The main enjoyment of the game is starting from scratch and getting to the end game.- The existing quests are very simple. i.e. kill 5 deer, dig up a treasure chest, kill pigs with a shotgun, find an item drop.- Plan on wiping your server/game for ever major update. As long plan ahead and expect to wipe your progress with every major update, you won't be terribly upset when the time comes.- Those F****** Dogs! It's a hot topic where people are very passionate about hating them.- This is a title that you play for a while, then take a break and come back later. It's definitely more fun with friends.Overall, I'm giving this game a thumbs up. For those of you who are thinking of buying the game, keep an eye on the price and wait for it to drop under $10. Check out:https://www.dealzon.com/deals/7-days-to-die"
,Recommended,251570,28759500,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,OdbLiVioN,"7 days to die is the best gamer ever because it’s a very fun game to play.The Best part of the game is that it just keeps getting better.It’s the best survival game and sets the standard high for all survival games.I like the game because it’s easy to play, challenging and fun for hours.If you like playing a game that you can kill zombies, plant plants, drive on bikes, build guns or just break stuff, this is the game for you...10/10 from me...tiaan.jn@icloud.com"
76561198113071975,Recommended,251570,15835859,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Draugadrottinn,have about 500 hours sunk in to this game and still love it it took a steep downfall after the unity 5 update for me seeing as i couldnt run it at all barely without killer lag and i couldnt survive more than a few minutes but after awhile i finally go te hang of it being able to craft the bow and stuff it became a favorite again and now im using my sisters laptop to play instead of my old pc so it actually runs really well so yeah if i were to reccomend a game thats worth it this would be the game i would  send them to
,Recommended,251570,15234682,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,STuTs csgoroll.com,"This is a very good game with great graphics. The game is ery hard when nobody is there to help you or guide you through the game at times. It's also hard to stay alive and to learn to master the controls and materials. But My steam friend boosted me up to a good start with good weapons and a really awesome server, so I can't really tell you all of what it's like to be a beginner but I'll promise you a hell of a game and lot's to explore. I recommend this game for the people who have patience and skill with materials because on the 7th day, they're going to get you ;D. You'll see what I mean"
,Recommended,251570,12038961,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Telimooti,"Hello everybody, this is my first review :3 So basically, 7 days to die, the zombie survival horror game, is a great idea. I have problems with the game, (I lag so much my pc crashes after everytime I join a game. Maybe get a refund? :3 or tips on how to make it less laggy). I have watched commentary of this game, and it looks hella fun. Maybe add vehicles? (sorry this review is all over the place.) Ok.Pros:Game is original because of its horror aspect.Its hell a fun.Great graphics.Randomly generated worlds look realistic.Multiplayer is a big.. change, I guess. or thing.Cons:Zombie AI is pretty awful.Really laggy. (refund plz :3 Or tips)Really buggy multiplayer.Thats it for my review, hope you guys, read it all? dont know. Bai! :D"
76561198181790301,Recommended,251570,23542209,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,theROFLpacman,"Great game, a bit unoptimized, but it is still in early access. The devs have released a lot of new content since I bought it last year, such as a few new items, new UI, more survival effects (such as body temperature and wetness), etc. It could use more weapon variety, and does have a few other cons as well, but it is by far the greatest zombie survival game I've played yet. Definitely worth buying.Pros-Crafting SystemDecent graphicsDevs actually support itItem varietySurvival effectsEerie atmosphereFairly difficultCons-Not great optimizationLackluster weapon varietyLack of weather varietyCould benefit from a couple of more biomesSound effects are a bit off sometimes"
76561198083167305,Recommended,251570,17175973,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Eric,"What a surprise!I love the ever increasing difficulty.I play with my two boys, and we have a blast.We resource collect during the day, and go zombie hunting at night.We did this for several game days, and really racked up the kills.However, whether bad luck, or maybe the zombies are smarter than we thought, after 6 or 7 nights, the zombies came and were hunting us!  A whole heard came by what we thought was our secret hideout and really laid a butt whoopin on us.Sure we took out 50 or 60 of their zombie brothers, but at great expense to our home and supplies.It was pure chaos being rushed by wave after wave of zombies, seeing them slowly breakdown barriers and walls, before eating a crossbow bolt one step inside our safe room.  Every shot counts as we were down to our last few rounds when day final broke, easing the assault.Now, we have spend a few days beefing up security, and are stock piling supplies as we prepare to head out on another hunt!"
,Recommended,251570,30566745,Posted: 17 March,all,Sam,Must buy game.
76561198067619194,Recommended,251570,17451940,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Curti,"if you want a difficult, yet fun game to challenge yourself and others with, this is the game. immense crafting system, decent combat system, building, and everyones favorite... ZOMBIES8/10"
76561198075846560,Recommended,251570,13474636,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Klaive0,"Took me a while to get into this game , even the slightest hint of lag means life and death .......If you play In single player mode its a good game , Kinda like Minecraft on steriods and porn -If you play multi player it all depends on the server admins , settings, and community some can make the game not worth playing, others make you eager to log in to see what has been done while you were sleeping or *GASP at work ......Please read a starter tutioral before Jumping into multiplayer. It also helps to find if a server uses voicechat as chatting via text based chat can also get you killed ....Have fun and hope you enjoy your stay ........."
76561197969333702,Recommended,251570,12140299,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Mr Fisk,"Day 1:-Killed zombie with knife I found-Found shovel in a car-Found gas station-Made gas station a bit more safe-Picked yucca plants to start juice business-Used shovel to dig out a bunker under gas station-Night came, got scared, stayed in bunker and cried like a girlDay 2:-Killed zombies that scared me last night with a crossbow I made-Scouted area around my new base, found more zombies-Realized I was all alone in single player game-Pressed ""Z"" and found awesome stuff-Turned bunker into awesome fort-Realized I was still alone, cried like a girl"
,Recommended,251570,17391466,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,templar_ths,"Game is still in Alpha, great potential, finding it a bit slow in single player, game is a mix of mine craft and dayz game style,get to craft and build, collect materials and fight zombies or players.New players I'd suggest playing on easiest settings as it takes a bit of getting used to, and you will probably die many times until you get the hang of it (suggest reading of the online guides/wikis to understand the concepts of the game and craft system)"
,Recommended,251570,16361561,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Red,"I've played alot of survival horror games similar to 7 days to die, but none can even come close to the intensity of this one. Never have I seen a game that provides a difficult, unforgiving wasteland with massive hordes of zombies that are constantly a problem, til 7 days to die.My first day I managed to find a pistol with about 80 rounds of ammo, plenty of food, water, medicine and other supplies. I clear out the farm and take as much corn as I can carry now heading for the village just south of me. I clear the first house with no problems, not a single zombie in sight. On to the second, once again, cleared, no problems, not even a peep from the undead roaming the village.I exit the house to find that the sun is setting, and we all know what happens when the sun sets.... The zombies start running. I head straight back for the house and into the attic, where I bar up the door and windows. By this time, it was getting pretty dark, and I knew the zombies were begining to sorround the small house. I realize at this point, I only have ONE bullet left for my pistol. I hear the wood breaking as the zombies rip through the house to get to me.Option 1: Be eaten alive by the horde of the walking corpes.Option 2: Make a leap from the attic, likely dying from the fall.Option 3: The last bullet.10/10 would get stuck in attic sorrounded by zombies again."
,Recommended,251570,11902174,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Norem,"For those of you doing research before buying an Early Access game let me see if I can help:The alpha version of this game is very stable, very playable, and updated frequently.  I feel confident that even if they released the game tomorrow, most people would get enough hours of enjoyment out of it to justify the $25 price tag.Why to buy it now as of 10/9/14:-Building - Lot's of stuff to build and craft already.-PVE survival / Coop - Enough settings to keep it fresh for a few playthroughs at least.-Exploring - Navezgane feels very polished. The random worlds are expansive and full of things to see, but the points of interest are a little sparse right now.Why not to buy it right now:-Character progression hasn't been implemented yet so if your not into the building aspect you may find yourself at the ""now what?"" stage pretty quickly.-It's got all the problems of an alpha build.  While it's very playable, there are still a plethora of bugs and exploits that are on the list to fix.-PvP is pretty meh.  This isn't the focus of the developers and if you're looking for a pvp game this wouldn't be high on my list.I'm loving this game right now!  It's developed with coop in mind, not just pvp.  The crafting system is amazing, the building system is awesome, and the whole ""find shelter before night or face a horde of zombies"" idea is pretty darn cool.  Take the best parts of Minecraft, Dayz, and Skyrim and you've got 7 Days to Die!"
,Recommended,251570,12161002,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Redoz,"♥♥♥♥ this game is hard and the menus are un-polished like a brick but ♥♥♥♥ me, this game, has potential like crazy, get it now!"
,Recommended,251570,8812135,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,D-Dog,"It is about time i change my review to a positive one. This is a very fun game to play, even more so in the company of others. It takes a little of getting used to, for the creation of items, but the basics of the game are quite easy."
76561197994285366,Recommended,251570,11902350,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Blaster,this game is good i think it lacks options as far as deciding how big of a map u want generated it needs a fog of war on/off optioni dont like that u the homly city is a barron wasteland city there should be citys in evey biohm i liked the towns and nighbor hoods  they seem to be all gone and the maps exspansively huge with nothing but wilderness needs more abandoned civilzation and buildings controllable generated map sizes and a fog on/off option // and it needs to make it so doors can be used on there sides like a trap door
,Recommended,251570,11604338,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Call Me Daddy,"So i totally do recommend this game, i mean... it has zombies, it has guns and i fell to my death trying to escape a zombie dog because APPARENTLY the meat i had on me smelt worse than me so the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wouldn't stop.10/10 should of used a box"
,Recommended,251570,8837925,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,JDeadwood,"very fun game it dose have its bugs, it dose kick me off sometimes but still fun if it works good, The game makes you jump sometimes, keeps you on your toes.  Crafting it can be tricky, and if you are playing online with others it hard to find stuff to help you start crafting, i think it is a good game if you have friends to play with, building base, out finding stuff, helping each other out. JUST Watch your step you could find your self on top of a zombie, then go out side at night after playing the game and you get spooked not a joke. great game keep it fun."
76561198061325659,Recommended,251570,12027838,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,HelluvaBeckett,"worst game ive ever played waste of money, ridculous how you have to mess around trying to make your own server and no way explaining how too. spawns you in the worst places in the world! rather catch ebola than play this game"
76561198002951956,Recommended,251570,11825631,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Anathema_Dreamer,"Horror survival is a genre that is more an art to pull off correct so the player does not feel cheated, but still challenged as well as horrified with that edge of the seat feeling.7 Days to Die, an ambitious project is begining to pull that off. I have followed this game and backed it because I believe the devs are passionate about this game and seeing it ripen like a fruit on the vine makes me glad to see their passion make strides.Anyone who loves the craft it, explore it, build it, survive it, games will love this and stands as  a breathe of fresh air in a crowded market of zombie clones."
,Recommended,251570,11499069,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ayo,I spawned.I walked around a russian guy started screaming at me on the mic.Then he shot me and started playing wrecking ball in russian.10/10 would play again
76561198085174933,Recommended,251570,8964559,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Oh hai Denny,"First off, this is a good game. The question im answering is weather its worth the price tag. The answer depends 100% on the gamer. This game will allways be better if you play with friends but even though solo is fun it can get boring. Overall a great game but I would advise waiting for a sale."
76561198108373123,Recommended,251570,12829446,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NatiiM,Hi this is a self explanitory review of 7 Days To Die!Full ReviewPros:Ok weapon selectionNice building typesGood crafting systemGood base building systemOk Zombie AINice MechanicsFew BugsCons:Bad Graphics (Im not a pixel haterplz dont hate)Sometimes there are lighting glitchsThats my full review! :DSo to conclude. 8/10 Bananas
76561198006526229,Recommended,251570,12534162,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ClintThor,"I really have enjoyed this game.  I have logged a lot of time even though I have burned through most of the current content.  I was just reading however, that the $ amount raised is enough for the team to pursue the ""stretch goals"".   At present this is a very playable game, only lacking in some content which should be forthcoming from the team, I can't wait!  I should say that I am more of a single player campaign kind of gamer, but as content and mechanics are added perhaps pvp would be more alluring.  Really hungry for objectives, other survivors in single player mode, more recipes.  Like I said a pretty good core here it just needs more content."
,Recommended,251570,17323777,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Dankk,"By far the BEST zombie survival game out there rn. Very imersive, intense, and can be extremely difficult. When you first play it, the game will seem kinda strange and can be quite difficult to learn at first. But when you look pass the strange graphics and start understanding the mechanics of the game instead of judging at first glance. You have a very badass zombie survival game with a suprising amount of depth considering its in early access. I highly recommend picking this game up when its on sale though. Seems kinda expensive at the moment."
76561198074079978,Recommended,251570,14286246,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Holyupholda,"I have only played with three friends and by myself. This is not applicable to mutliplayer.This was my first survival game and i am not dissapointed in the least. I have many hundreds of hours on minecraft which may or may not make this game slightly easier for me but i found it new different and refreshing. I am still a total nooblet but I would buy this game just to die. I liked it the first hour, hated it the second, watched a video on the basics and now i love it.The game is actually pretty ""scary"". Scary is really the wrong word. It messes with your head. Its not like slender with jump scares but i find it extremly immersive and highly erie. It has gotten my heart racing a couple times. Being far from your house as the sun goes down is actually horrifing.You kind of get what you put into it. You can make it extremly hard or slightly easier. You can live in a hole and not have to worry about zombies busting through your door. Me, I like to fortify a house and hear mindless, screaming, undead close in as I count the seconds until the sun comes up. You will NEVER feel fully safe and if you think you die you'll get dead.One last note: The game is alpha so things like optimization cant be a little sketchy."
,Recommended,251570,13276975,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Thezperk,"So I would like to stress first off that when I recommend this game that is as of it's current state (12/7/14), things may have changed by the point you are reading this but as of now, my opinion stays solid.Do NOT just look at the fact that this review is positive and dismiss itThere are a lot of good aspects and parts of this game that Igenuinely enjoybut it has some things that may turn you away from buying itPros:- It is fun trying to escape zombies- The world seems very open and it's great to explore- There seems to be a diverse amount of things you can collect- The crafting system is solid and has many recipes- The zombies are hard enough that you will fail a lot but not too hard so that you don't want to play the game- Playing with friends is a ton of funCons:- Do NOT play this game if you don't want to grind to start out with. Finding anything is very hard at first and usually you will end up dying over and over again- Finding anybody in multiplayer is a pain and it usually takes forever just to meet up with one person- The game, as many early-access games tend to be, it ridden with bugs (ex. Players floating on top of water rather then swimming or various issues with collision)Overall, I'm giving this game this rating because of how much potential I see in it. If you don't mind any of those cons then, sure, buy the game now because I'm sure it will be fully worth the $25. If you happen to dislike those things, however, then I would reccommend waiting until the official release."
76561198036813675,Recommended,251570,12010596,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Senpai,its a very fun game only what i shoud recommend is playing with friends..
76561197987347178,Recommended,251570,11967413,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Satan's Watching,"After latest update this game seems amazingly better compaired to a few months ago, nice to see an early access game on steam ACTUALLY improve :)"
,Recommended,251570,17798500,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,vap3r,"Very fun game. It is challenging but can become tedious depending on your style. The developers have been pushing out updates frequently, mostly fixes and not much new content lately.The graphics and animations are sub-par and the game could perform better. Some of the textures look out of place because they are so low in detail. There is currently no SLI support, you can hack it to make SLI work but there won't be much of a performance boost.The games like H1Z1, DayZ, and Rust can't compare because 7 Days to Die has a focus on zombies, survival, and building. The other games do not have all 3 of those things."
76561198201170918,Recommended,251570,21656935,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BustnChop,Fun game
76561198132874810,Recommended,251570,13968583,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Accalia Dreadfang,"After playing over 200 hours of 7 Days To Die, It has to be one of the best zombie survival games I've ever played and it's not even out of Alpha. Played the game several different ways and I still enjoy it. Does get kinda boring when you get all the best stuff and enough ammo to take out an army.. But when it gets to that point I start a new world from scratch and do it all again. In my opinion it's worth the $25 it costs."
76561198006957724,Recommended,251570,12416792,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,offizierde,Still in the Alpha stage (as of OCT 14) but already a huge hit.  Has hesitant going into it...but now I am happy I bought it.  Great game with huge potential!
76561198226309128,Recommended,251570,16227727,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,RavenX6975,I THINK 7 DAYS TO DIE  IS A  GOOD GAME  I JEST LACKS  THE  A FEW THINGS LIKE MEANS TO TRAVLE  I WOULD LOVE TO SEE A HORSE  AND  BIKE   SOME THING TO MAKE YOU WORK FOR
76561198037408323,Recommended,251570,15487778,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DexEviL,"I have played many survival/zombie games and this one is by far the best, crafting/building system, random generated worlds it means every server can have a different world, you can actually create your own base/building to survive in an open world you can't find that in other zombie games, most of them are like walk around kill a zombie and pvp with others, no base and stuff, this one is different it is a real survival also there is built in voice chat. The game has improved so much since the first versions, developers are working and improving the game, i have faith in that game and the developers, i highly recommend you to get it and i believe this one will be the best zombie survival game for everyone, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,251570,28662297,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lias88NZ (ᴳѕ) GetSome.co.nz,Good example of a zombie apocalypse crafting survival game. Started playing with a group of friends and have been thrashing single player in between to learn my way around. Well worth the asking price.
76561198153209698,Recommended,251570,30532427,Posted: 15 March,all,HaMyCookie,"Very hard even on lower difficulty, be prepared to die a lot.. addictive though"
76561198163148477,Recommended,251570,13192180,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MassSpecFella,Ok so there no tutorial or guide. I just die over and over. There are really badly made zombies everywhere and they kick your♥♥♥♥♥ I have no idea what the hell Im supposed to do. A complete waste of time and money. Comes highly recommended by other steam users who clearly have more insight into how this is supposed to be considered fun. Do not recommend.Edit: Ok once I figured out how to craft something to defend myself with the game got a bit better. The crafting system is pretty interesting. I enjoyed fortifying a base but I wish it had more objectives and a tutorial would have been nice.
,Recommended,251570,27040697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vlad Carlsson,"One of the best games on Steam :) I'm loving every second of it. I just wish updates were more frequent :) This game is fun to play alone, but 10 times better if you got some friends to help you survive :D"
,Recommended,251570,30166202,Posted: 25 February,all,NightRanger,very gd game zombis..hard but very nice
76561198143854947,Recommended,251570,11518497,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,gamerguy,if u are a new commer at zombie games like i am on the pc i am a big horror fan this game so hard even if u put the level on the east est level and u need a partner u cant do this on your own so if anybuddy want to play with me my name is william20153
76561198095149672,Recommended,251570,13529276,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pogmo,Very fun! Totally addictive! Great for playing solo or with groups!
,Recommended,251570,12399702,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,{FRG}Bones,Minecraft meets zombie apocalypse!
,Recommended,251570,13292582,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TAVelcro,really enjoy this game. one of the best sandbox games i've had the luxury of playing
,Recommended,251570,11841422,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Innerzone,Literally just bought the game a day ago and already played 12 hours of it. With 5 other friends its hilarious and amazing. I need steam points aswell.
,Recommended,251570,13479154,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Vaughanie,Amazing game! still needs work on it but its only early access so i cannot complain!
76561198047815196,Recommended,251570,13529444,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,nesper,Yes! Amazing game to play with friends over skype.
,Recommended,251570,13527472,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BobWolf,"This game is very good so far. You have a lot of option to build and the zombies are a real problem in the 1st few days.But they need to optimize the graphic so you don't lag with ""not so good"" graphic.They also need to get rid of the zombie spawning right behind you in combat. It is really annoying and cheap.Overall the game has a promising future."
,Recommended,251570,12189350,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Hara-Kiri,"Amazing Early Access game. Love the crafting system!Being able to create your own bullets and weapons is a great addition to the survival in a post-apocalyptic zombie infested world.Highly recommend this game, especially if you plan to play with friends!"
,Recommended,251570,14174893,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jan,"Good game, still in production though. It's worth its price. I had many many many hours of fun building and surviving."
,Recommended,251570,25120820,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ThisIsMySexFace,Great servival alternative to minecraft
,Recommended,251570,25503885,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,BobTheSkaFish,pretty cool survival game! def recommend
76561198083746118,Recommended,251570,15561801,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Iron Chef Russia,this game is the most realistic game I have ever played. I was playing this game at 10 am and I lost count of time until 6 pm very fun and best zombie sandbox survival ever!!!! ps minecraft you have nothing on this game. 10/10
76561198151721025,Recommended,251570,24996231,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,LeRJ,"For 25$ 7 Days to Die is the closest exeprience to a real zombie apolcayplse. Its a great multiplayer experience with a uniqe crafting system. I can find myself dropping 8 hours in one  playthrough. This game still has a large amount of bugs and glitches, it is still not even a BETA yet. I hope one day when its flushed out and they release the game, it will be the greatest zombie survival game ever. I recommend you jump in and get this at 25$ before they start asking 40, or 60."
,Recommended,251570,13034310,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,patttyp3,One of the best games I've played. Love it.
76561198057897576,Recommended,251570,13593680,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,LuxuryMilk,"I'm an old school gamer. No not a fan of old school games exclusively but I've been around since the dawn of computer/console gaming. It's not often a game will grab my attention these days longer than a few hours and keep me hooked. I've been quite a fan of the zombie genre since it began, but lately it's a genre I've grown very tired of. However 7 days to die has been a breath of fresh inspirational air.From the start it's quite a challenge. You will die a lot. Starve to death. Run out of water ,It can be frustrating at first, there's no in game guide to hold your hand like modern games. It's about discovery, survival and the uber advanced crafting system. There's alot to learn! I looked at youtube vids and wikis before I even attempted playing online. I suggest you do the same.It's not a game, It's a lifestyle! You make the world you want it to be as it's highly creative and limited to what your own imagination limits you to. You can build and destroy EVERYTHING in this world and the maps are something you will never see the end of. Designs, structure, materials is all down to your choice. It's a bottomless pit for the creativity in you.Horror value? being a BIG fan of horror games for decades I've become very disensitized to the usual scare factors and jump elements, but oh boy. Time after time, I've screamed like a little scared girl. Jumped out of my skin several hundred times and scared absolutely silly into abandoning highly secured castles and fortresses I've created myself in the middle of the night, because I've♥♥♥♥♥♥myself with fear and blind panic set in. Going outside after midnight on 7D2D is a very very bad idea! but when you hear a feral zombie horde approching, screaming and you hear them destroying your base with ferocity and alarming progress. You just want to flee!You craft your tools, you harvest/grow crops or hunt or scavenge food, craft clothes, weapons and collect minerals by awesome mining underground, or try to survive by just scavenging and looting.Playing this game alone can be a little too creepy and scary. With multiplayer it's a little less scary and hell of a lot of fun. Lot's of  adventures to be had, lots of scares, creativity and you have to think on your feet to survive. It's a real gamers game. no cutscenes, no voiceovers, no multiple option screens, no stupid waiting times. The content and scope is massive. It's not often I'll give top marks for a game but this is an absolute gem for real gamers. it's still in Alpha though, but more complete as a game than alot of 'finished' releases. I've not been interested in any other game for months! 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,13866435,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,fissidens,"This is a tough game to start, you die alot in the beginning, but once you get yourself set up with a base of operations that's relatively safe from zombie attacks it starts getting fun.My biggest recommendation is that if you die before getting a base(and bed) just start a new game. I started three games before I was able to set myself up with a base and bed.A few tips for starting out:- Loot everything- Craft a stone axe- Chop down a few trees- Find a small town, not a city- Break into the tallest building you can find with a flat roof. Block the door with a piece of one of the tree's you chopped down to prevent zombies from getting in long enough to loot the entire building.- Place a marker on the building then go find a bed in one of the surround buildings if you don't already have one.- Place the bed on the roof of your building. This will be where you spawn if you die.- Stay on you're roof when it gets dark. You may want to block off the entrance to the roof as well. I've heard zombies will climb ladders, but haven't seen it.Once you do all this you should be set to start actually enjoying the game.One last comment. I don't think this game is really worth $25. At least not at this stage. The controls and movements are pretty base, like an old school FPS. You can't even crouch to get under an obstacle. Actually the controls/movement is pretty much the same as minecraft, which is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥.I don't really care about the poor graphics, but the controls should at least be fluid.Despite the bad character movement and the poor graphics, just the fact that you can build a base to defend from zombies makes this game a worth a try if you have an influx of cash. If you are looking for a game to really make your money count this is not it."
,Recommended,251570,13833497,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[B-G]Baby Panda Jr.,"Built a mini mansion 10/10Killed someone with a sniper 10/10Destorys Jars to cook food 9/10Get dihearea from a lake 10/10This game is really fun and is minecraft for the big boys. While there are a few glitches they arent game breaking. If you like minecraft,building things,killing people,making stuff,and getting bloody dihearea then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,251570,13523071,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tzukasa,"If an open world sandbox game based on The Walking Dead were made in the style of Minecraft you'd get 7 Days to Die. It's simply, Awesome. This is EVERYTHING I wish I could do with Minecraft but it simply can't be modded to do. I'll be shelving Minecraft for this, prolly perm.While it's atm in Alpha 10, it's very stable and in over 38 hours of co-op online play with my friend neither of us have encountered a game breaking bug nor had Any CTD's. It's gotta be one of the most complete and well fleshed out Alphas I've ever played.Unlike some other games hosting a private multiplayer session for you and your friend to play is extremely simple and can all be done ingame through the multiplayer window. All around it's a very solid Indie survival/crafting/zombie game that I'm excited to see where it goes in the future with updates as the dev's are Very active in patching and adding content ect.P.S. There are ALOT of options you can change when you setup your world (and everytime you load it up you can change them which is nice). I HIGHLY recommend if you're new to change the option for gear droping to Not Drop on Quiting, and Only Drop your Toolbar/Hotbar on Death instead of both the toolbar and backpack. This will save you a crap ton of frustration as you try to figure out what you're doing. Also changing the enemy chase number down from 60 sec's to 30 sec's will help you keep from having a large train of enemys following you forever, at least until you figure out the machanics and get the gear to kill them ;)"
,Recommended,251570,13937189,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TheDewhacker,A very good mix between zombie apokalypse and just survival!
76561197971336428,Recommended,251570,13155955,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,overlord1111us,"This is the best game that I have played in the genre of Zombie/horror, hands down. Also the ability to craft and shape the world takes this game to a whole new level. I definitely recommend this game!"
76561198066299204,Recommended,251570,13953203,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,{OvO} Drake,Really fun and habit forming game if you have a friend or friends to play with. Not as fun by myself but overall a really good and successful game!
,Recommended,251570,13991733,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Shadow Okami,"In the first 3-4 weeks of this game I put in 77 hours and my friend put in over 120. If you're into survial/crafting then this game will keep you entertained for hours. I have played both single and multiplayer, and both are pretty fun. The players are generally better than Day Z or Rust and are more willing to cooperate. My friend and I joined a community of 8-10 other players and built a small city. Gravity affects blocks, and there are enough different block styles to design just abotu anything you want. Servers are very customizable from night/day cycles, loot density, loot respawn, block durability, and zombie spawning. It makes it easy to choose your challenge level and the randomly generated maps mean you never end up playing the same game twice. You could have a city with plentiful resources and only a few zombies or you could have scarce resources with high destructible environment with hordes of feral running zombies.On the downside, there are some glitches occasionally. When servers get overloaded there are lag spikes that cause the game to freeze and huge FPS drops. There are some cheaters and hackers that make it passed the anti-cheat (first house my friend and I holed up in got shot up and blown to pieces by three guys that had infinite ammo, infinite TNT, and were bulletproof). Sometimes I forget it's only in early access status because it already has so many features and is stable for the most part."
76561198050224204,Recommended,251570,13983747,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,B33rHunt3r,Very addictive! 500+ hours played without really noticing it ...
76561197971286012,Recommended,251570,13944703,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ashkorne,"Massive open world fun until it gets dark, you dropped your torch, and there's ♥♥♥♥ing zombies EVERYWHERE.ProTip: Place Flashlight in Toolbelt. Select it. Press F.Then hide in a corner until morning."
76561198129581594,Recommended,251570,13816325,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,York (iv*26),best game and pls add veichals
76561198075276019,Recommended,251570,13943598,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Killer,This is a great game and it is still in alpha form and i love it
,Recommended,251570,12425475,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Feeleep,"7 Days To Die brings a lot to the table of survival games. It has a great interface with a complex yet easy to understand crafting table. Similar to Minecraft, but can stand it's own to give a fairly unique and fun experience. Tenouttaten."
76561198023425749,Recommended,251570,15291829,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,only1rowan,"I really like the new patch that came out. They have made the game a bit more challenging to get and keep any sort of a secure base when starting out, but if you keeping working through the challenges, it feels very rewarding when the next 7 day hits and you sucessfully stave them off. There are still bugs that need to be worked out like: breaking your leg on your bed when you respawn after death.... or jumping into a river and breaking your leg... The new feral zombie is a lot of fun to try and kill as well. I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes the creative aspects of building and defending."
,Recommended,251570,8673502,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Terra Ryzing,"amazing game its a really fun game but 32 for a alpha... they should make a new price like 20, 31 is to much for a early access game look at dayz it hase a big name and its 23 but ye its a great game its gonna be very good!"
,Recommended,251570,11291630,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jman,Pretty solid sandbox game for an alpha. Excited to see how this game evolves.
76561198021961721,Recommended,251570,14193713,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SiP,"It's like zombie version minecraft and it's amazing.Unlike other zombie suvive game, 7DTD include lots of building element.You could build your own base in many diffrent ways."
76561197971134118,Recommended,251570,15396986,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Grim_AOD,great game and it keeps getting better
76561198251632520,Recommended,251570,23902703,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mygunisforfun1,need people for a clan. Join me
76561198066122516,Recommended,251570,23525011,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Doomknight,"Very good game!cons: Zombies!!!Surviving is hard because of the food and water + the zombiesCrafting, collecting, lootingBuilding, digging, mining, etc...everything a good survival game needs!A lot of fun when you play this with friends!Neg:  Not the best graphiqs (my opinion)I don't like single player...Story: Day 1, Searching for food, making toolsDay 2, Looking for a building spot, city with lootDay 3, Looting + building the baseDay 4, Looting + upgrading the base (still each day searching for food and drinks)Day 5, Airdrop, Pvp, raiding, killing some zombies etc...Day 6, Preparing for Day 7: upgrading base, looking for guns, being scared :3Day 7, OMG 10000 zombies!!!! =DRating: 10/10 (would like to face another horde again) :D"
76561198080172434,Recommended,251570,15845282,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,R3X1T,its awsome saying its just minecraft would be like saying skydiving is just falling
76561198028241810,Recommended,251570,18510669,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kiritsugu,"So far, the game is awesome.I'm sure the game will get better and better.If you are a PVE dude i recommend this game but do not play solo, it's getting boring.9/10."
76561197987276373,Recommended,251570,24764440,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,mato,"The best survival, crafting, building game i ever played. Devs are doing great job. With every update, they bring something amazing new."
,Recommended,251570,11864204,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Twitch_Fox,"For an early access game it is rather fun, the fact that zombies can destroy your base means that you're never truly safe unless you do a lot of hard work to build an isolated section that has a deep pit that will kill zombies on drop. The Crossbow which is one of your FIRST weapons to make is also on of the BEST weapons for cost reasons. Silent kills means hordes don't really catch on to you, while allowing one shot kills on EVERYTHING including players but not the police zombies.Buddy of mine watching me play said ""It looks like minecraft but not so 'kiddy' and better graphics."""
76561198041003228,Recommended,251570,24384437,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ducesrwild,"This game has come very far since its early release back in 2013. In its earlier versions I absolutely hated this game, but the newer patches have really streamlined every aspect of 7 Days, making this one of the most solid zombie survival games on the steam market. The graphics are nothing to be impressed by, but they have improved steadily since launch. This game has solid digging, vehicles, building, and an amazing RPG system that allows you to have complete control over your character. All of which was added in the last year. This developer has been coding this game for years, and its recent changes have been stellar. I am very excited to see where this game goes, and I would highly reccomend it to anybody looking for a sandbox zombie survival experience.Note: Its still in Alpha, so bugs are still a big issue."
76561197971166663,Recommended,251570,24922817,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Berserk,If you like survival horror your not going to find much better then this my advice look at some youtube vids and not just one spend a good hour watching gameplay to see if its youir thing. (This game is sick)
76561198267896628,Recommended,251570,24912080,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,☜♛☞ShinO☜♛☞,Nice game... But sometime hate it spown and dead almost 5 time zombie at bedroll...
76561197977776470,Recommended,251570,25195007,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Next,"Bought in mid 2015 and after a few hours play, saw the potential but it wasn't quite ready.  Started playing it again a week ago and wow, can't believe they are still calling this alpha.  It's amazing."
,Recommended,251570,25584279,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TheZorcs |PUBG Duos,"There are so many small things that make this a good game, However, the biggest things are simply because of the fact that, It is a open world game, when using random GEN, and it is a blast, the exploration factor to the game is just outstanding. While the constant threat of an infected trying to kill you no matter what you do. The struggle to survive not only avoiding to starve, or dehydrate. But also the large hordes coming every 7th night.Simply putting, This game is amazing. Simply amazing. I'd recommend this to anybody who are into open world/HackSlash, Shooting, Or even sandbox games."
,Recommended,251570,15733722,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,General Patton,"Very fun building game and zed hunting.  I'm still waiting for them to implement using paper and cement to make Papier-mâché.  Then I can prop the zombies up around my town after I kill them in poses like their shopping or doing housework.  This would take some of the edge off being so utterly alone in the apocalypse... Oh wait, there's multiplayer?  OK, but can we still do the paper mache?"
,Recommended,251570,17616124,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,M8ttaton,"amazing game, it's really worth the money.  single player is fun but it's way better when you play with some friends work together or fight each other in teams."
,Recommended,251570,24450827,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Blankie,"i love this game its even more fun playing it with your friends but ....the only thing i hate in this game its the lag when i play with my friends online if we are more than 2 people we just can't play it so we rage quit.We hardly play it with 2 people and we got bugs etc,also every 7 days i got delay like 3 mins compared to the other player i am playing with and it's not my fault we tried everything nothing works its just the game ...If you want more people starting playing it fix the lag etc already all my friends quit cause of these things..we bought it to play all together and we can't .."
,Recommended,251570,24460036,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jugularcomic,one of the best games i have ever played
76561198050127570,Recommended,251570,24639123,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,fnord_y2k,"After 175 hours of this game I guess I should review it...I love it, I think it is the best Zombie survival game I have played in a long time.Even the awful optimisation (or lack of) and the hit-boxes do little to put me off playing this.I found the loot and look system a little annoying but a tiny bit more realistic than other games like this.The fact that they put an update out once in a while indicated to me that it would be a finished\completed game sooner than another zombie survival simulator I could name but alas I fear this will be one of those ""Always Alpha"" games that never gets finished like so many others on steam. That said I like it and hope they do finish it."
76561198013704433,Recommended,251570,23234263,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,cCain,"Day 1382, i sit on top of a burnt out church next to a grave yard using the cross for wood to fuel my camp fire while the horde screams below me tearing at the walls. The cold wind howls as the snow chills my soul... I wait for dawn hoping that they dont climb the walls in the middle of the night ..------------------------------The steam profile for this game does it no justice .. the video is crap ..It has game play, but it lacks high end graphics, im def ok with that ... its hardcore, try it you wont be disapointed .."
76561197985292485,Recommended,251570,23678981,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Octo,Really addictive game play the developers are always on top of there game and always pushing It into a better state. I would defiantly Recommend this game for at least a try
,Recommended,251570,12132916,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Lyrical,"It's a wonderful concept for a game. I think they shouldn't focus on new features, and rather focus on the fact that every week or so the game crashes when I play it. I'm not talking about one single crash a week either, it happens in a flurry of consistent and cumbersome crashes that happen one after another until I get tired of launching the game. But I digress. The game has wonderful replayability and a very challenging enviroment. Many factors apply to ones quality of survival."
,Recommended,251570,8265356,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheBeardWhisperer,fun survived 2 weeks so far...
,Recommended,251570,24211004,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ThatOneGirl,"Excellent game, there are still some things that need worked out though. I run my own server and so far things have been great.If you are having trouble playing this game in 64 bit then switch it to 32 bit. It may not help but it worked for a friend of mine who crashed whenever he would look left or right.That being said, here is what I think of the game :)Graphics are great and the zombies look pretty creepy.I will say the dogs are a pain in the rear but they make it interesting. I swear I die more from the aggressive animals than I do from any zombies.The zombies don't spawn on the 7th day for me, they spawn on the 8th Night, just an fyi :)The crafting is awesome! It does suck if you have a low loot respawn because some items can only be found in one or two places and the spawn rate of those items are very low even in the normal gameplay setting.So far I am 60 days (In game days, real time days, 2 weeks) into the game and the horde keeps getting larger and harder, which I very much enjoy.The Open World aspect of the game is wonderful, I greatly enjoy being able to roam where I want, when I want. (As long as it isn't close to horde night, then my rear is parked at my base. lol)The only advice I can give to a newer player is, build a good strong foundation and thicker walls, because it will be crucial!Oh and love the spikes...although they are the death of me!I will add that I run a 50 minute day span, with 18 daylight in game hours, and my zombies are turned up by 1, to make it harder and because the horde didn't spawn on the normal preset server settings for multiplayer."
,Recommended,251570,24494039,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,KingSess,Crafting Game
76561198006782422,Recommended,251570,24714409,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Farmores,I love this game its come so far since i started playing it. One of the few early access games im very happy that i became a part of.
76561198172755305,Recommended,251570,24003367,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mistycal711,"Love the game.. been playing since soon after the first release..  game is getting better and better..  Awesome graphics and loads of fun building, farming, crafting, hunting, cooking, exploring and scavaging.. and now even quests to do to help build talent tree and level your character.  People that love minecraft will love this game :) Way better graphics than minecraft.. lol  (only thing that I don't like is when you get high enough levels to make top grade quality items.. they still lose thier quality by using them or repairing them)"
,Recommended,251570,22996850,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,sai91,"- Zombie survival, crafting, and tower defence. Pretty much sums up this game.- It has minecraft-like block based building, with physics. So building too tall with the wrong materials can make your buildings fall on top of you.- With the latest update you can continously upgrade your base, from wood to steel blocks, if you have the materials needed. Basically you can take a random log cabin and slowly upgrade it into a steel fortress.- A good variety of zombies from the regular walkers to ones that climb up your walls. Zombies run at night time (depending on the setting) so be careful when outside after sun down. Activities like base building will build up your heat map and will attract Screamer Zombies that will call out a horde if not dealt with. 7th day horde is also a good challenge for players as a horde of hungry zombies attacks randomly picked player base at the 7th night, where the moon shines blood red.- Decent weapons mechanic, a bit clunky but it works. Starter weapons usually are the player crafted bow and arrows. Items have different qualities depending on player levels.- Quests has been added in the recent patch, adding more variety to the gameplay. The quest also set up a pretty decent tutorial on crafting and basic survival.- Lots of active server, and also offers a PVP and PVE options. The game also has modded servers which have bots monitoring and prevents hacking. Overall nice experience with a good community.- The game is constantly being updated so it's worth your money. With the next patch they're planning on adding NPCs. You can follow the development on the author's tumblrhttp://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/- Overall, it's a fun game to play with friends."
,Recommended,251570,13110606,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,H A R U H O,"""Mucho potencial"" es todo lo que me viene a la mente cuando juego."
76561198251388308,Recommended,251570,23682102,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,OGJinx,its a great game its worht what i paid for it but it need better mac support as it crashes to much when im loading in worlds
76561198061625086,Recommended,251570,24105834,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chr0nos,"This is a great game if you love the survival genre. I would caution you against it if you are a run and gunner though. You have to start out slow and take your time. If you dont, you die.Very deep crafting system and TONS of weapons.I actually did request a refund because its not really my type of game, however I can see if its your style it would be enjoyable.If you love survival and take your time, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198041816789,Recommended,251570,24108146,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AlienDevious,"I honestly believe this game will be the next big thing. Although it's still in Alpha, it's more complete than some other games I already own."
,Recommended,251570,12320802,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,dsec208,"Definetely a fun game, especially if you have people with you, definetely a yes for if someone should get it."
,Recommended,251570,23936536,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"Gonna start by saying I love this game!Pros:-Very fun with friends.-Lots of different items.-Tons of replayability with friends.-Challenging.-Lots of customizable options.-Randomly generated maps and items.-You can make some epic bases!-Super easy to set up a server, no hamachi needed or anything!----Cons:-Runs pretty bad, even on good pc's like mine.-Every update corrupts each gamesave.-Horrible graphics. (I got used to them, it's not THAT terrible.)-Sound glitches, horrible.. horrible chainsaw noises.-Minibike glitches.-Overpriced.----In short, most of the cons aren't that horribly bad, It's a fun game. Obviously get it on sale though."
,Recommended,251570,23916817,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tempname,Latest build is fantastic! Loving the hell out of this game
,Recommended,251570,23952507,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SarahAnn,Best zombie game out there with the possible exception of Project Zomboid.
76561198013224400,Recommended,251570,23541367,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,zztong,"TLDR: Alpha 14.6 and 14.7 -- 6/10 solo, default config. 7/10 solo, modified config. Multiplayer untested. It's not Adult Minecraft, but you can configure it that way if you want to.I keep revising this review as I play more.Adult Minecraft? No, at least not as the game comes configured. A solo default game is more like a First-Person Shooter crossed with a Tower Defense game. If you're not fortunate enough to start near a water source, you'll struggle with hunger and thirst, setting you up to get clobbered by the first 7-day horde.Crafting is decent, though you'll get some chuckles out of the nonsensical combinations. Crafting is drawn out as you need to find and learn recipes for many advanced things. You also may need to salvage equipment. A ""Cooking Pot"" for instance, can be manufactured, but you'll probably have to find one in salvage first in order to survive long enough to make a forge.The FPS aspect is decent and I think the game strikes a nice balance between graphics and playability. Crafting can be awkward at times, so it can be worth it to run a Creative Mode game alongside a Survival Mode game just so you can figure out what blocks you want and how they go together.If you're into XML, you can customize your game's configuration files. I wasn't all that fond of the overwhelming horde waves, for instance, and was able to adjust them. Similarly, I didn't care for the acid spewing zombie, so I switched its AI so it didn't think it had a ranged attack.I've been enjoying exploring the world. There are some quirks. The burning biomes will burn forever. Its easier to avoid thirst in a desert than other biomes because of the yuca plants. You can't always follow the terrain down to streams and rivers. Lakes will be at a low elevation, but the world can and does have low spots that aren't low enough to have water. Combine this with limited draw distances and you can find yourself spending many days looking for a water source.There doesn't seem to be a lot of lore, though a newspaper headline seems to indicate a nuclear event has occurred. Periodic airdrops suggest there is an active civilization, somewhere, though they don't seem to care to drop a map to their location. Many buildings seem to still have electricity. I can't decide if the apocolypse happened recently, or a long time ago. Nor can I explain how I came to wake up in my underwear off in the wilderness."
,Recommended,251570,12954960,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,EL DIABLO,i love this game its great 2 play with your mates or just solo on creative worth the buy
76561198170212417,Recommended,251570,30806235,Posted: 28 March,all,WaggleDaggles,zombies = good game
,Recommended,251570,13287651,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Broglah,"At last a zombie game that is fun.Considering this is an alpha it is amazing, the crafting keeps getting better.It's pretty hard even at low levels but once you turn into survival mode, and stop trying to kill every zombie you meet, it rewards you big time.The hordes are huge.Multiplayer is pretty good meeting up with freinds defending your home or base from zombies, check out the youtube videos if you have an hessitation."
76561198035703486,Recommended,251570,30818439,Posted: 29 March,all,ColonelFazackerley,"Fun game. So much better than Day Z.7 Days is best enjoyed with friends, building a ridicoulous fortress complex.It is also rewarding to build a deep underground bunker and hide from the horror above."
,Recommended,251570,16570750,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jeff,This game is one of the best early access games i have played it has some glitches and errors but it has great potential updates have happended frequently. This game is best played with friends.total score 9/10
,Recommended,251570,32902363,Posted: 27 June,all,FAUX,Good game
76561197969363572,Recommended,251570,27510983,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Azuki Bean,good stuff
76561198040330672,Recommended,251570,27769599,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Napalm,"With as many hours as I have in the game, for Alpha, I will keep coming back. This is a game in which can give you the same content in a multitude of different deliveries."
76561197971369456,Recommended,251570,32922963,Posted: 28 June,all,Noidzz,game is good
76561197972710825,Recommended,251570,30093845,Posted: 21 February,all,oof,"Perhaps one of the best co-op games to play with your friends! I loved this game for the amount of time that I put in, however after you've done everything the game is simply quite boring and simplistic.This game brought me back everyday since the day I bought it and I couldn't get myself off of this game, it was so addicting to just figure things out and to survive in an abandoned apartment with my buddiesOverall 9/10"
,Recommended,251570,32657840,Posted: 22 June,all,Keller11001,"The game does have a small bit of a learning curve (On default dificulty) for people who are new to the Survival genre but you'll get the hang of it. 7 days 2 die has many hours of gameplay, is somewhat of a tower defense game, and can be as easy as you want it or as hard as you want it. 7D2D Is always being updated with cool new features. It is however a bit buggy at times but that is expected as it is in the Alpha stages. The one thing that this game lacks is a good PVP systen (which I'm not fond of PVP anyways. Anyone like me who does not care for PVP disregard this last sentence.)"
,Recommended,251570,32656530,Posted: 22 June,all,R3volve,"What can you honestly say about 7DtD?A procedurally generated world that you are dropped in. It's up to you to figure out how to survive. Take the slow, painful, but safe rout of digging a home underground like a dwarf? Move from town to town like a nomad? Build an impressive spiked fortress ? This game get better every time I play it. Cannot recommend this game enough.Perfect for you and a small group of friends (or your significant other) to enjoy the apocalypse."
,Recommended,251570,23913843,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Justin Trudeau,"Great game, has you on edge every minute. One of my favorite zombie games, if not my favorite, out of all the ones I've ever played due to the fact how it's only in alpha and it's already amazing. You can defend old broken down homes, or build your own base to survive. Possibilities are endless with this game. I 100% recommend."
76561198076149998,Recommended,251570,17197223,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Roadkill,"Love the game. but i wish there was an option to spawn other surviors for single player. that would be cool like some that are hostile and want to rob you and some that you can trade with. but whatever im getting off topic I HIGHLY recomend this to anyone into survival type games  the only draw back is its lonely seriously if no other human survivors at least let us get a pet dog (you kno one that isnt zombified) wait, this is more of a letter than a reveiw.... well i hope my input is noted"
,Recommended,251570,11770901,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,JeiDoll,"After getting the randomly generating map update and playing in few servers, I'd say that this game is pretty great.By playing with some friends and gradually going towards harder and harder pvp servers you will have a lot of great and interesting playtime with only ~23€. (90h playtime atm, gona play some more for sure.)If this is at an alpha stage, I can not wait to see what will the final game will be."
76561198017647804,Recommended,251570,30704333,Posted: 24 March,all,RampantGamer,"Love 7d2d, wish Joel would listen more to community, but he mostly develops based upon what interests him. Still right now it remains one of the best zombie survival crafting games available. Best when played co-op."
,Recommended,251570,26284225,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Arcadeops,"This game is janky and ugly, but also regularly updated and very, very fun. Especially if you have friends to build bases and eat canned cat food with. Unfortunately I don't have friends, but that just means more cat food for me. I love cat food."
,Recommended,251570,26285328,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Prison Mike,Minecraft for big boys.Extremely hard if you don't know what you're doing though... (Like me)Pretty hard to get good FPS sometimes
,Recommended,251570,16891573,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,товарищ картофел,Got jumpscared by a flower10/10
,Recommended,251570,23993256,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AOF | Dr. ScreamX,A15!
,Recommended,251570,30947033,Posted: 4 April,all,EvilFiend,"I absolutely love this game and highly recommend it. I've put in 5x more hours playing this than I have for Skyrim. I've played this since it was very much earlier in development and it has come quite a long way. My play has not been riddled with bugs or defects, but has not been without a bump or two in the road in times past (i.e. disappearing minibikes once upon a time.) If you like zombie games (but not the ones that are a dime a dozen!) I implore you to check this out.It definitely scares me at times and I love the gameplay and atmosphere. I do see some naysaying in the reviews - however most that I read are highly subjective and written by people who don't understand the development cycle. They might say they do, but it can be clear when they do not (i.e. the 'unhandled exception' fool.)While this is labelled as being in Alpha, I would definitely never guess it to be. I've seen 'betas' in horribly shoddy condition.Don't be a fool. Buy this M.F."
,Recommended,251570,32822587,Posted: 26 June,all,Iced Potato,"Everything went fine until a massive horde of zombies attacked us a couple of days before the blood moon. It is now day 14, zombies are coming again in a few hours and our base is left with a giant hole on its side. Our defenses have been completely crushed and we have barely any ressources left.We now have 6 hours to rebuild everything and prepare for the worst.10/10."
,Recommended,251570,26859279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The last Da'at Yichud,"I like this game,because i can build,troll,fight every day 7,farm,raid and more."
76561197990328557,Recommended,251570,32606009,Posted: 20 June,all,Josh Franca,Just started to play this and am loving it. The updates that they dish out are  a nice change compared to some games that are in it for just the money. alot fun and everyone should try this and Survive this dead world.
76561198054339957,Recommended,251570,17621954,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Horevath,"This is first game i've written a review for on steam, but 7 Days to Die is just too good not too. it has a few downsides, Mainly playing solo can get boring after awhile but playing with a friend is alot of fun. The Graphics are slightly hinky at times but what can you expect with a truely 100% voxal game. Id say this is minecraft done right and for grownups in a way. My brother and i are big gamers and we both got this to play together, we keep coming back to this every few months and get weeks of enjoyment out of it every time we restart. The game has seen many changes since i first got it. and all good ones imo. i've seen the game get many new recipes, features, and much better graphics over the course of a year that i have owned this game.  and it has proximity voice chat that works. Major plus in my book.Pro's: Tons of fun with a friendCons: Dog packs.... I hate dogs... you will too...."
,Recommended,251570,16614576,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ThatOneNerdCalledHayden,This game is very good If you like minecraft you would like this game it is a mixture of dayz and minecraft
,Recommended,251570,29772597,Posted: 7 February,all,Janzer,"Not a game for those that need to be handheld, or have a linear story. It's a sandbox, survival, crafting, zombie killing, mining, base building, exploration, solo or group type game. If you're looking for ""tasks"" or ""quest driven"" game play, look elsewhere. This is a game for creative people to thrive in!"
,Recommended,251570,28008150,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,theblackoutmenace,Had it all. Chopped down a tree and got crushed by said tree. Lost it all. 11/10 would lose everything again. But seriously besides the outdated graphics this is a really great survival game if you are looking to pick one up especially if it is on sale.
,Recommended,251570,27634887,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lady Lils,great all round multiplayer game
76561198057764511,Recommended,251570,32943293,Posted: 28 June,all,Recycle,good
76561197987818878,Recommended,251570,27841206,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,iKenned,"Great game to play with friends, countless hours of fun. But watch out it will take all of you time :D"
76561198149420828,Recommended,251570,11569112,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,supertrooper0405,"only thing i can say is its a good game, a few bugs but its a very good game"
,Recommended,251570,32930858,Posted: 28 June,all,Fallen,"This Game Is Worth Your Moeny . Gameplay is Good But There Is Some Problems:1. Zombies can walk and run under water , they never die under water , pigs and other animals can run on water and they do 360 all the time .2.zombies health system is unfair and you cant kill them easily .3. If They Implant a sleeping system that time goes fast so u can stay alive the day and sleep night"
76561198393303237,Recommended,251570,32998529,Posted: 29 June,all,⎛⎝Sheffield·York⎠⎞,change my life！！
,Recommended,251570,26935229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SirRaizak,You can tell the game is early access. Still needs a lot of bug fixes and optimization. TFPs do update regularly though.I grabed my copy on sale for $10. Still well worth it at full price.The skill and crafting system are great.You know what? Just buy the game.
76561198113512436,Not Recommended,251570,11573489,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,**Yuri**,The fuc*ing game like a sh*t
,Recommended,251570,28781912,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,† Iri$h †,"Very good game, it is very challenging at some points, especially the zombie dogs.Still fun and kept me playing for 9 straight hours, would recommend.Much better to play with friends as it can be hard to defend from zombies and build and gather enough resources at the same time by yourself.Graphics are okay, nothing special and the music can become a bit annoying."
76561198373034639,Recommended,251570,33058381,Posted: 30 June,all,LordMaggo,"Im new to pc gaming, and this actually my first review.I just purchased and downloaded this game last night 6/29/17. Ive only played a few hours and so far and i love it. The reason I'm writing this is because i was close to not purchasing after reading some reviews and getting a bad taste in my mouth about the devs. Thankfully I came to a realization. Whatever the devs did or didn't do is irrelevant to me. Im just looking for an entertaining game. I do apologize to the people who feel they've been underappreciated. Im not trying to make your claims invalid. I just want to encourage people to make their decision to purchase or not, based on whats important to them. For me, its all about the gameplay. Ive only put in a few hours so far, but I'm happy with my purchase. Its a very crafty game that quickly reminds you to get out of that crafting menu and watch your back. It's been a while since a game has given me that spine tingling 'oh crap I'm in trouble' fear."
76561198209050608,Not Recommended,251570,29790748,Posted: 8 February,all,Guts,the beta was better
,Recommended,251570,32732746,Posted: 24 June,all,Gosu|Gian,"7 Days to Die is the most challenging and the most fun game I have every played!Before anyone should write a review they should at least play the game for no less than 25 hours, the longer you play the more fun it becomes!Everthing in the world can be interacted with, destroyed, scavenged, built, you start with nothing but have the ability to build whatever you wish. The game has tons of variety, you can grow numerous types of crops, go hunting animals for food/hides, cook dozens of differing food/drink types, craft a huge array of tools, weapons, clothing, building materials, medicines, etc all with varying associated stats.If this wasn't enough to keep you busy, you are also under constant threat from zombies, including the defense testing 7 day hordes that will give you a real sense of purpose to ensure you keep pushing forward with building your base and you will be in big trouble if it is not up to the task of keeping you alive.The skill/perk system is excellent, the resource gathering is actually enjoyable unlike in so many other games when it feels more like a chore, the crafting mechanic (played many games where this can also be poor) is really intuative and well thought out.Should You Play This Game? YES"
76561198021093805,Recommended,251570,25789567,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,rcschicht,A great blend of create your own world and survival horror. As the sole survivor of a zombie apocalypse of unknown origin you get to scavenge hunt and try to create a place that will ensure your survival while devending yourself from ravenging Zombies. The developers have been working wonderfully on putting a lively world together that could envelope you for hours at the time. It still requires work as far as depth via story lines and additional quests but the game is on its way to be one of the best sandbox survival games out there.
76561198190314835,Recommended,251570,21405321,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,KILLER5325,Good game.
,Recommended,251570,30244881,Posted: 28 February,all,TayzReed,"Had this on console, was so laggy but still very enjoyable. Now that I've got a more capable PC (i5-6600K and MSI RX 470) It runs much smoother (Still not perfect but that's just game optimisation). Such an addicting game, can't wait for Alpha 16 to drop."
,Recommended,251570,26944645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Not gay if...,It's gonna take more than 7 days of your real life to get tired of this game.
,Recommended,251570,33048752,Posted: 30 June,all,Dr Pepper Enthusiast,not a minecraft clone as i thought
,Recommended,251570,24451686,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Atuke,Good game it really sucks you in
76561197971227176,Recommended,251570,25988100,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,KLOWNBOXER,Alpha 15 is great.  Great community of players on most servers.
,Recommended,251570,16527308,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"This is a super fun game, with all the zombie survival games I have played this is number one!"
76561198149880418,Recommended,251570,24357494,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Jack the Ripper,"A extremly hard game in my point of view, one of the best survival games and a good horror game, but the devs really have to work at the graphics, they are fine, but it can be much better."
76561198207105611,Recommended,251570,24282847,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mike The Llama Lord,game keeps crashing when trying to load saved games
76561198306059763,Recommended,251570,24266494,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,knaprig,Amazing game. Yea there's some bugs here and there but overall a very addicting and fun game!
76561198055321744,Recommended,251570,14151454,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TheCreepazoid,"Great game, its really fun but not for 25 bucks. I got it on sale at the perfect price. It was like 15 bucks for 2 copies."
76561197982408799,Recommended,251570,23767245,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GalaxyDrift3r,I bought this game for my daughter and I on the steam sales. This game is easily one of the best zombie / survival / crafting games I have played on PC.You can't go wrong paying 10 dollars for this game!
76561198044225330,Recommended,251570,13630218,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[B³] Phyl,"Buying this game and Project Zomboid, are my two proudest achievements during this Winter Sale. I may only have a couple hours on this, but I have many hours on games similar to this, such as Rust.On to the review:7 Days to Die is an Open-World/Zombie/Sandbox/Survival/Horror game, and it is one of the greatest I have played as a gamer. I would recommend not playing this on public servers, but on a private server with one or two friends with PvE, this is because the EAC (EasyAntiCheat) is extremely buggy at times, and it also doesn't do it's job very well. But that's just meYou start off with absolutely nothing, a (almost) naked man/woman, and you must collect stones, punch grass and brush to collect grass and sticks, and craft yourself a stone axe. From here you can rummage through trash, collecting tin cans (To be turned into Scrap Iron), search for bird's nests to collect feathers and eggs, and finding more stones. If you are good with a mouse and know how to aim really well, you would most likely wish to craft a crossbow with a ton of arrows, (this is why we collect a TON of feathers.) and use this to take out some Nurse zombies, for a chance to collect medical supplies, such as painkillers, bandages, Grain Alcohol, and Blood Bags.There are so many ways you could go through playing this game, just know: Be Careful when entering barns.That phrase is just a joke between me and a couple of friends. We climbed to the second floor of a barn, and a Bloated Walker (A fat S.O.B) followed us up the ladder, his weight caused the entire barn to collapse on top of us, and I barely escaped with my life, while my friend perished, and was sincerely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the game.There are, in reality, two basic playstyles: Settler, and Nomad.I don't know much about either, so I'll just give you my experience, using the map provided in game, I tracked down my friend, and we found ourselves in a wasteland biome (one with demolished houses, or well, parts of houses, and rubbish lying everywhere. We looted as many of these shattered remains as we could, finding a Cooking Pot, and following the river that flowed to the East. We eventaully found a road and holed up in the ransacked house right beside it, we fortified it by chopping down trees and creating a two block high wall on the corners of the house, we created a campfire, and replaced the shattered, ugly windows, with new wooden windows. The home has a sink, which is where we keep our food, so the zombies cannot smell us, and during the morning we set out to loot, hunt, kill, and collect. It is basically a fool-proof setup, as long as we don't forget to store ALL THE FOOD in the container, as various meats, and stews will attract zombies to your location if you have them in your inventory. Essentially, we are undetectable, and this has made the Wastelands one of my favorite biomes in the game.The biggest problem with the game is keeping yourself well fed, and keeping your thirst levels down, once we found out how to cook using the campfire, some raw venison, some wooden planks, and some bottles of water, we dealt with the hunger problem.As for thirst, we have many spare glass jars, we fill them up at pond, a few meters away from our home base, and boil the water, for a nice, refreshing, non-deadly glass of water. This system works extremely well for my friend and I. In the morning, we set out to do a variety of tasks, such as hunting stags and pigs, to collecting stones, chopping trees, and killing zombies for their loot. At night, we hide, away from the windows, out of sight, and pray a horde doesn't come our way.The game is insanely terrifying, looting a city, jumping out of the window a noticing that, just across the street, their is a terrifying horde of zombies passing by, well, that scared the hell out of me.The game is insanely difficult, well, until you get the hang of keeping yourself fed. For me, the settler style seems much easier, the nomad playstyle, constantly moving around, never staying in the same house more than once, I find it very resource consuming.I recommend this game to whoever's wanted that Open-World/Sandbox/Zombie game, if you enjoy that, this is for you!"
76561198075345383,Recommended,251570,23718287,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Northern Coven Warrior,"So i think a good idea for your game is if you add a few new guns in the game.I think you should add two new guns for early stage game play, just like how you have the blunderbuss.I think you should add like a flintlock muskethttp://tse1.mm.bing.net/th?id=OIP.M779adc45371116bcc8311e94cb0ec1a5H0&pid=15.1Something like this.I also think you should add a flintlock pistolhttp://tse3.mm.bing.net/th?id=OIP.Mea6e046dea831801e0f9e07dcee54e2dH0&pid=15.1Something like this.Why i say you should add these is because you have the blunderbuss aka short range shotgun so that should level you up in the shotgun skill.You also have have a rifle skill but no early stage of a rifle same with the pistol.You can also make the musket same crafting material as blunderbuss and the pistol take less materials because its smaller.Also i think with the musket you cant run and reload the gun like in the civil war but that a suggestion.So i hope y'all well add these in	the game because i think it well make it a little better for early on game play.But other than these i realy enjoy your game and keep up the good work."
,Recommended,251570,10909747,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Smokey,"This game is minecraft meets zombie surivival game. It's everything I expected DayZ to be, but just wasn't for me. The ability to break almost everything down, and the fact that zombies are a real threat in this game keeps me coming back for more. There is nothing better than getting a bunch of friends together to build a fortress and slaughter zombies.I definitely recommend this came to anyone who enjoyed Minecraft but wanted more zombie survival"
,Recommended,251570,11053611,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,StarFlux,"This is a Rewriten Review From Nov 2014. Ive got to say i am very impressed with all of the updates and improvements that have been done to this game. I Originally did not recommend the game, but now the game feels.. like a game. Theres now much more to do and a leveling system (that is a bit buggy) that adds so much to the play time. Cant wait to see what more is added to the game. Truely a survival game that puts up a fight against others. If not tops it."
76561198004812559,Recommended,251570,12838568,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Oppenheimer,"It's in alpha, so yeah, kind of buggy, but not nearly as buggy as you would expect.  Take Minecraft, improve on it a hundredfold, and you have this game.  Definately worth the money."
76561198066242495,Recommended,251570,23531771,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The BFG Guarantee,"This game is not very well optimized. Other than that, it is one of the best zombie apocalypse games I have played. Buy it."
,Recommended,251570,13885062,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,tstar,"This game is very good but, the game has its fair share of bugs/glitches and alos the devs have completely changed the crappy UI in a13 to a good UI. In other words the game is very good and requires much dev help but with proper work and lots of time this game could really work."
76561198045947925,Recommended,251570,23778998,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Trans Tessa,"Think of Minecraft, except with really good combat mechanics and alot more indepth crafting. Oh yeah, and the zombies are an actual threat. It is a great game, but it would have been the best ever made if the developers could fix the buggs. It is really fun, but the glitching zombies and underwater roads are kind of unrealistic and at times just plain frustrating (and it probably won't ever be finished).That being said, I love the day/night cycle and regional heat concept, so you have to be quiet and sneaky to avoid being mauled at night (even inside a base). They are unique and give a good twist to the game. The game mostly consists of you wandering around, having a bad things happen to you, you some how survive it, then you wander around till something else bad happens. But you can eventually build a base, but can't build too large or it will attract more zombies than spikes can handle. It is kind of a balancing act."
,Recommended,251570,25432740,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,LadyDarkSorrow,"This game is just awesome in everything this game has to offer .between Building Underground Base's, Farming Crops, Freezing, Heatwave, Bears, Zombie Bears, Zombie Nurse, Feral Hord every 7 days, Raiding Stores, or other player base's if MP, Crafting, Crafting Guns,Ammo, Other Weapons (Bows,Ect), and Generated Worlds. Devs seem be ontop of Patching and posting Video of new content on youtube. this game makes me wish that other Survival Hord Crafting Games should have or be. thumbs up on game, and thumbs up on dev putting all this together! well done! 7D2D is one of my top 10 faves"
76561198299375049,Recommended,251570,25418760,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ChaoticVayne,Awesome.
76561198118741104,Recommended,251570,25155852,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Redtrove,one of the best zombie games i have ever played has realistic physics and every thing
,Recommended,251570,25442995,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[Deth]HarmsWay,My Short Review starts with its a decent game and Ends with I now have it on the Xbox One as a complete edition lol. No more Alpha
,Recommended,251570,8807244,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,₪ MikaWoof ₪,"Maybe good in a few years, but for now...mehh. With friends, yes without, no."
76561198124448870,Recommended,251570,24563427,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Kingswords,Great Survival Game 5 Stars!
76561198268960371,Recommended,251570,24560682,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CAPLOCKS,It's an awesome singleplayer game. But an absolute must to play with your friends.I can't wait to see this game grow and grow as it has since 2013.The devs respect this game and still work on it frequently.8.4/10 for singleplayer8.9/10 for one of the best online zombie experience I've ever had the pleasure to enjoy.
,Recommended,251570,24528097,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Leh-bo-buh,You should play this.
,Recommended,251570,24409843,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Merzbar,"I played 4 hours, here is my oppinionIts such a great game with such a nice system, and its very addictive, if you are into The Forest and Dayz this is the game for you :)"
76561198007866915,Recommended,251570,24768222,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dahaka,"Don't expect to be able to be of any use right away.This game is pretty fun in coordinated groups. The downside is that you, as a new player on a new server, are basically ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The most basic of zombies can murder you in just a few hits during the day, and at night it's basically game over if you don't have a base of some kind.Melee weapons early on are as much of a joke as you are and do virtually nothing to help you kill zombies that get too close. And guns are just zombie attractors, causing you to run out of bullets before you even down 1 zombie while 10 more show up to see what's going on.Zombie dogs and bears also make quick work out of you even at high levels, so have fun with them.My friends and I managed to play for a few weeks on our own server, we had a nice little setup going on, but every big wave of zombies would just reset our progress. You can't hide at all in the game and it forces you to fight no matter what you do. Sure there are base designs that you can do to make your life easier, but for the most part, the zombies will break everything to ensure that they get to taste your delicious brain juice.Fighting during the big waves is also a joke. It's easier to just unload all of your gear in a box somewhere and then just box everything and respawn until you kill everything. Which makes the big waves kind of a joke.The rest of the game is neat. Crafting is easy to work with. Mining can be fun if you get high enough skill. The biggest flaw is that you can only make guns if you find all the parts despite having access to things that should allow you to just make your own guns.There are still a lot of things they could do to improve the experience of the game. As it is now it's pretty bland and there aren't a whole lot of things to do. More defensive structures would be nice aside from just the two variations of spikes. Allowing people to access the same chest at the same time would be good too so you don't have to wait around for them to finish. A sort function for chests would be nice.Easier base zombies with tougher late game zombies. Better spawn mechanics for zombies as well. I found that I could just be out in the middle of nowhere and zombies would spawn in packs directly behind me and attack. This isn't fun and causes a lot of frustration for no reason. Heat mechanic needs to have a viable range that can be mitigated instead of just an always on thing. Even at the very bottom of the map, zombies can still dig their way to you during the big waves, which is broken. There should be some relative saftey.This game is good if you have a group of friends to play with. Solo it's a nightmare.Get it if it's on sale."
76561198129625485,Recommended,251570,24770096,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Panda,"I hope this game never leaves early access the game is alot of fun, but it could get reptitve without the updates, but totally worth the money"
76561198014625111,Recommended,251570,30874266,Posted: 1 April,all,Kidney Beene,"Still my ""Go to"" time killer.  Replayability is amazing.  Patches come in quarterly and usually with huge improvements.  There are a few bugs still, but on a whole, the difficulty is up to you.  The game needs a few more tech branches, a bit better AI, a few different mobs (raiders, etc); however, it is well worth your time."
,Recommended,251570,13490220,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mikki,"Theyve done so much to this game and its so much fun, only if you have friends that play on it. It really is so much fun"
,Recommended,251570,25595428,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Termitide,"Ok so going into this review, understand that this game can be described as an extreme love-hate relationship for me...7 Days to Die...For those of you looking for a zombie apocalypse survival game... Look no further as I can honestly say that this is the best you can get. You cannot get any better then this, and that is saying a lot since this is a EARLY ACCESS game.But that aside, while I was surprised by how good the game is, i was even more surprised that it was somehow that high on the list of games and is still one of the buggiest games i have seen, to date. I cannot believe so many people (including myself) can look over the obscene amount of problems with this game.I first got this game in Alpha 12... And as of the moment while i do have over a 100 hours in game... 99% were spent in the same world in alpha 12. No matter how many times or how hard I try, the absolutely mind-blowingly fantastic feeling that I had the first time I played this game has yet to return. I have no idea how it seems like everyone can play this game over and over and over again, like its got a 110% replay ability factor when I have never played a game with less replay ability then this game.It is so hard to start out and i such a long game (if played in single player,) that going back and trying to play the game again is something i can only describe as like if you had cheated and ruined the experience for yourself in one of your favorite games, when really all you did was start a new world...so why (you may be asking yourself, am I still recommending this game???Because what i did play was one of the most freaking amazing things I have ever experienced in my entire life. I cannot not recommend this game knowing that you, yes you the person who has never played this game before can experience the same thing that i experienced for yourself. The fact that anyone can experience over 100 hours of some of the best gaming you can get in 2016 for only 25 bucks or a lot less on a steam sale... Is something amazingI would recommend this game for the experience, and tell anyone that has time to kill, wants a new game, can understand the beauty of the survival genre from anywhere but Minecraft, and even remotely likes zombies that this is the game for you.I am aware that i have done little to no talking about the actual game play... That is obviously because anyone who is interested in this game enough that they went on its steam page, scrolled down to read reviews, and saw this one and clicked read more has quite obviously seen a video on the game and knows what the game play is like and anything that they haven't seen or heard is not something that i want to spoil because as i said...Its an experience, an experience i wish i could relive for the first time like my favorite movie or book.(and if that ain't enough for you to buy the game, then understand this... My father has sworn up and down his and my whole life that the only good game that is worth playing in the world, is Civilizations III... A game that on the steam account hes had for years has logged over twelve hundred hours on. the account literally had no other game on it to. Heck, the way i first even found STEAM was because that man told me one night about steams existence, immediately made me an account and bought Civ 3 on it. all 57 hours this account has logged into that game are from him playing.But then I got 7D2D...I showed himI let him play a little bithe actually enjoyed ithe asked to play moreand I knew something had happened.He then bought the game for his 4 year old HP Laptop, and played close to 700 hours of the game in a matter of months with what i would have to imaging was atrocious FPS...If this game can do something I didn't think was conceivable then you should know its a good game...)(Edit its been a while, the game changed. So did i... It isnt quite like the first time, but its still awesome.)"
76561197984469971,Recommended,251570,29698287,Posted: 4 February,all,jwile1,Involving gameplay for those who love building games.  Lots of exploration - zombies - quests.  Building your knowledge and in game mechanics are great.  Love the simple look of things.  Watch out for bears - almost as bad as the blood moon!
76561198080015575,Recommended,251570,30107606,Posted: 22 February,all,mattdale182,Very much a challenge. This game is like the adult version of Minecraft. :)
76561198116047576,Recommended,251570,30902188,Posted: 2 April,all,English Mfucker DO YOU SPEAK IT?,Very nace!
,Recommended,251570,14550409,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dawid | gamekit.com,"Really good game, hard to get grips on to at start but when u finally do u enjoy it so much!Day 1 :Complete the 'Tutorial Quests'Finds a town ""That looks safe...""Dies because in a townRespawn next to an old lodgeRepairs itLives in itDay 7 :WTF is happening? Why am i getting destroyed? Why is the sky red? AHHH!All in all a good game. If you like survival with realistic twists defo pick up this game!"
76561197992036311,Recommended,251570,14118926,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,shamandan,"I've been playing this game for over a year and i'm still addicted to it! It is not easy to understand (and to survive) the first time you play but when you understand how the game works, it's really fun.This game is still in alpha but the devs push updates quite often. We must encourage these guys to keep working on that great game."
76561197976629626,Recommended,251570,13152241,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MonA saX,"First off, I bought this game reluctantly after reading and watching others reviews, comparing to DayZ and other like minded games. They were not promising. It took me forever to justify the purchase and only if it was on sale. Yea that bad.  But after 30 mins of playing with a friend I was extremely surprised as to the detail in the crafting as well as the survival aspect. It is in all actuality an adult minecraft. My first day playing I was charged with hunting and gathering while my friend did all the building. A real sense of survival came about as dark drew near and we needed food, water and weapons to survive. Almost 10 hours in, I hope that other developers take notes to improve thier game elements to be similar to 7 days. Graphics are noticably lacking, but the overall gameplay makes up for it."
76561198016794968,Recommended,251570,30888093,Posted: 1 April,all,Zabbies,I have about 1500 hours invested and have been a dedicated member since alpha 7. I love this game and can't stop playing!
,Recommended,251570,17006894,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Xili0n,"After spending so much time in this game I figured I should write a review as well.7 Days to Die has been around for a little while now and, while still in Alpha status (will that ever be lifted?), the game adds more than most 'done' games. Over the course of its existence, the game has changed around so many things that you can barely recognise the old installments.This is certainly not bad though; the game absolutely improves with each Alpha. At the time I'm writing this, we are close to A16 (currently in experimental release).So what's so great about 7 Days to Die?The pro's:+ Voxel-based construction, which is refreshingly different from block-based (i.e. minecraft). Gravity is a thing too, so make sure your base is well constructed lest it comes crashing down;+ Lots of zombies with a variety of traits. You'll get the hang of how to kill a 'normal' zombie rather quick... but just wait until you encounter a Zombie Bear;+ Looting stays fresh! Buildings can have a wide variey of items and everything is useful, be it early or late stage of the game;+ Loot is logically distributed (no chainsaw in a medicine cabinet);+ The 'default' map Navezgane is fun to play; the randomly generated maps even more so;+ an interesting skill-tree (like learning how to make concrete) which pushes you to keep working to improve your base;+ The horde nights! Every 7th day you must be ready for a rampage of running zombies of increasing difficulty;+ Zombies can and will break your base down. Got a concrete wall? Forget to repair it and they will come through at some point;+ The world is out to get you. Zombies want you dead, as do wolves, bears, snakes, hunger, thirst, disentery, indection, food poisoning, and mines and buildings that cave in due to recklesness.There's so much more to add to the above list, but I feel these are the most notable. All in all, the game adds tons of fun features to keep you occupied and never make you feel 100% secure in your little fortress.Ofcourse, the game has a few cons, too:- The game is alpha, and while it's really stable, each installment does cause one or more bugs;- The learning curve can be a bit steep if you have never played similar games. This can be fun, but also off-putting for new players;- It will take a lot to get a decent batch of guns and ammo; expect to have a bow and a club as your best friends;- The first thing you want to find is a cooking pot. No cooking pot -> almost no clean water -> you die. Similarly, there's a few items you must find at least once (like a wrench) to progress. There's a chance factor involved and it can take quite a few (in-game) days to find these.All in all, I have to give this game a solid 9, even in alpha. The reason is the constant development and support by a team that loves this game and listens to the community.If you want to play a zombie survival game / crafting and building game, with or without friends, this is your game.You have to try it!"
,Recommended,251570,29593891,Posted: 30 January,all,~S9~ Equestion,Really decent product. Started a game with friends and got to day 46 before the game destroyed us.Details of my day 46 with friends:started the morning with 2 screamers. Ended the day with 400 screamers and 30 bears and 30 dogs with 20 feral zombies.10/10 game will play again
,Recommended,251570,33293428,Posted: 5 July,all,PETER,"this game is great if you play it with friends. the only real issues are replayability and lack of ""real multiplayer"". i say that because it only really works as a co-op game where all players are on the same team.as far as replayability goes, the game is dull after the first time you ""beat"" the game. once you play through it once with your pals and make a base that is basically invincible, the only things left to do are grind out new bases or pointlessly max your tools. any playthroughs after that are fairly boring because you know what to do to survive, making it a grind where you repeat tasks you've already done with no difficulty.the real fun of the game comes from learning how things work instead of doing them. such as learning the best spike defense against hordes for your base, not actually farming wood for 3 in game days to do it.it's true the game does have mods, but most are just extra content that has little impact or face the same problems with replayability.good game to get on sale with friends."
,Recommended,251570,31053093,Posted: 9 April,all,sppoopeb,spaghetti
76561198119891881,Recommended,251570,33406916,Posted: 9 July,all,Pontsu2K 👌  :(),"Haven't played much yet, but I love it! its worth it 23 dollars/euros whatever."
76561198292863641,Recommended,251570,26458889,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SlendyFreak10,Best game i have ever played 👍🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
76561198105096802,Recommended,251570,33378230,Posted: 8 July,all,☃ ❄❄Winter Snow ❄❄☃,"One of the best survival games I have ever played. Young or old, this games holds my interest because I have made real life friends playing this game. Survive the Zombie Hordes, crazy dogs and other things that creep, crawl, or Run at you with such force, you might scream alerting your neighbors that something is amiss. If you enjoy creating, building your home, fort or tower, this game offers plenty to do! Try it, you'll like it."
76561198077184124,Recommended,251570,31228583,Posted: 18 April,all,Metazealot,"Very fun survival game. More or less everything I had ever wanted out of something like minecraft with more challenging opponents, better graphics, and (slightly) increased realism regarding crafting. The game's progression, combat, and even base construction are all addicting and alluring features. It rewards different playstyles when creating teams as well, since different players can boost their crafting while others scavenge. The fact that you need to acquire certain parts and recipies encourages exploration, but if you don't have a fortified base for the next 7th day then you're going to be in for a rough time. I personally find the mixture of game features refreshing and enjoyable to play, whether alone or with a group of friends."
,Recommended,251570,13774301,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Carl,"If you want a game like Minecraft with better visuals and challenging survival, then 7 Days To Die is the game for you."
,Recommended,251570,15440710,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sir Monty Pynoth,"One of the first zombie apocalypse games I could see myself playing for hours, and I haven't even touched multiplayer yet.10/10"
76561198133197039,Recommended,251570,14121018,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,CropSprayer,"Still needs work, but I have a blast every time I play. Would suggest this to anyone who likes sandbox/zombie/pvp/pve depending on the server you want or play by yourself and have a blast."
,Recommended,251570,31005141,Posted: 7 April,all,Grand Master of Life,"I recommend this game. It's pretty fun. There are some unrealistic factors, such as the knowledge to create stone axes or the skill system. And the refridgerator crafting. It's fun. I'd say it was worth the money."
,Recommended,251570,16980933,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RickTheComic,every time i try to load this game it crashes right before it loads the new world. and i have a decently high end cpu. and it still runs really laggy. if you have the time to figure out the graphics and stuff you should buy it. or atleast wait untill it goes on sale for half off. if anyone can help me please message me. thanks
,Recommended,251570,13747110,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SecretPeanut,"This game has to be one of the best games ive played this year. I bought it in the Summer Sale, a multi pack for me and one of my friends. Best few quid i could have spent. The game is fun in both multiplayer and single player. I love the crafting and survival aspect of the game. I have been playing since Alpha 8 and have a server with a couple of other friends that I have met whilst playing the game.As always on these massive multiplayer games, some of the servers will have your usual 12 year old hacker that is willing to ruin your game or the people who love to PVP on a PVE server. Thats why I play on a private server, Im not keen on spending hours of game play building only for someone to ruin my work just for the hell of it.I do feel like there is something missing from the game at times. When I have crafted everything, got my farm going and have a huge fortress there is not much to do. Im hoping for a story or something in one of the next updates and maybe some drivable and carftable vehicles to use, especially when using Random Gen maps which are infinate.So if you like crafting, survival and zombie salying with your friends then give this game a go :)"
76561198072540884,Recommended,251570,26620034,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,xoxROSHxox,"I love this game.It's basically minecraft on crack. You have complete control in just about everything. From making a fortress of your dreams or living in a decked out shack. Learn new skills for weapon mods or become a great hunter...watch out for those zombie bears. Love the PvP although i'm personally love the PvE ones. Give it a try!EDIT: A16 update:  Recent update was just released adding more animals, more types of zombies and well just more. They also changed how you level up certain skills. Best update yet!"
76561197986934591,Recommended,251570,27754260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rasta,"Zombies with crafting. Blocks used to build the environment are not all squares and structures need supports or they collapse (realism). If you like Zombies, crafting and surviving. Give it a go. Challenging for new players, to those starting out. Make a bow and tons of arrows. You'll need them."
,Recommended,251570,10161884,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mr.Pug,"Overall 7 Days to Die is a great sandbox building and crafting game with the Minecraft feel, Play with friends create fantastic bases and most important scavenge for items to unleash hell on zombies to create a great survival experience.Personally I love this game myself getting to play with friends and all but it honestly to me it is also a VERY difficult game, I really enjoy these style of games and I do play them on a regular basis on other titles such as The Forest, Subnautica, etc. But when creating your own game you find that right as you are spawned in the zombies are everywhere and you dont start with any real weapons, you can create a club from a few things of wood but the damage the player is capable of doing at the very start with melee is VERY low, you are able to upgrade strength but it may take a while to complete this task, SO basically the game is great fun, but my problem is that the zombies are very difficult to kill and they do an extreme amount of damage.There is a way that you can turn down the zombies, players, and world settings such as turning the difficulty to the easiest setting so zombies will still do less damage but not by to much. Players can also turn off zombies if they wish but this does remove the feel of the survival experience. Players may remove and add to the settings on the page of the world they have just created so you can make the survival easier and more difficult as they wish.Is 7 Days to Die worth it? Yes, yes it is, it just takes time to get used to learning how to play and the best tactics of survival during the day and during the night time."
76561198022090536,Recommended,251570,33357590,Posted: 7 July,all,Cernwn,"Post-apocalyptic voxel-based sandbox with elements of zombie tower defense. Play as a farmer, bandit, miner, trader, hunter-gatherer, nomad, settler or any combo in the daily/nightly struggle to survive. While not the shining gem of AAA studios producing the likes of Fallout, Dying Light or State of Decay, Seven Days to Die still manages to provide a fun and feisty zombie FPS/RPG contender by indie studio The Fun Pimps.Pros:Randomly generated world, different every time you start a new game with a different seed.Voxel-based world which is fully demolishable/constructible.All buildings, terrain and mobs provide harvestable resources.Game stages which scale mob difficulty to time, group size and player experience.Large modding community for varied gameplay options.Solo (achievements), multiplayer PvE (co-op) or PvP gameplay.Developers do listen to fans and adjust gameplay when a concept can be easily implemented.Regularly updated.Cons:Updates tend to introduce bugs to pre-existing features.PvP is highly unbalanced and cannot be completely disabled on PvE servers.Having to wipe characters every time version updates. (no import/export option)Limited server populations (8 player officially), due to lack of instancing.Excessive memory and poor GPU usage due to lack of hardware optimization.Still clings to level-based system instead of going fully skill-based.Server lag, duping exploits and few in-game reasons to play co-op (which is the most fun imho).TLDR:Buy it and play on a PvE server with a few friends or family. If you are used to dealing with a more toxic community, try a PvP/PvX server. It's a budget game, especially when on sale, and won't break your wallet."
76561198163808611,Recommended,251570,18674722,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,[BW|Quantum] Gambit™,"Its a great game to be honest, the zombie AI is better then most other games normal AI (looking at you Payday) there are many mods to add different blocks different weapons etc. and unlike some game developers The Fun Pimps (i think thats who made this game) seem to be cool with it. The gun play is pretty good and for a zombie game it is more realistic than most."
76561198391599910,Recommended,251570,33499025,Posted: 13 July,all,Max Walker strikedrop.com,awesome game
76561198021011125,Recommended,251570,24197719,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,wezelboy,"Works great on windows, but not on Linux or OS X.The game itself is awesome, but pretty much only runs on windows even though there are builds available for OS X and Linux.I've tried running it on Windows 10, SteamOS, and El Capitan. Only windows was playable. It flat out refuses to run at all on SteamOS, and only the preliminary screens are available on El Capitan."
,Recommended,251570,24997657,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,nightdm21,So far it's a good game it just needz performance fixed and minor control tweaks like sneaking should stop you from falling off stuff as shift and sprinting should be moved to a double tap on the directions instead of shiftAlso I would like to see more map icons for my saved way points. Corner fences also I would like to see the stats of items before I make them like charred meat and eggs and bacon. If there is a way to make a toggle on the world map to add a heat map that would be awesome.I also look forward to more creative mode options.
76561198349874843,Recommended,251570,30950369,Posted: 4 April,all,Kaap,"The game is super. Only need a good computer, but it will not work."
,Recommended,251570,23804746,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gezzer,"It's fun when you come down in the middle of the night, to find that your door is gone and there are seven hungry, flesh eating zombies in your living room.It's less fun, when you realise you have to turf them all out before going back upstairs to play this game.10/10 would play again."
76561198353274841,Recommended,251570,30977717,Posted: 6 April,all,永恒,这游戏十分好     但是要出中文       联机延迟n高希望打架外挂更加严厉       所以我还是给好评
76561198143410291,Recommended,251570,11778830,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Tiara Voom,"One of the best game i have ever played ... the updates are getting better and better ... a few bugs but thats to be expected in an alpha ... how ever, the new Random Gen Map i would not recommend if you plan on having an open server ... it is to big and a potential Hackers paradise since it can be impossible to find them on a map that size. The Navezgane Map update is perfect. Keep up the good work guys."
,Recommended,251570,16425419,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gabriel Biceps <HyperX>,Very good game i recommend to it 10/10!!!
76561198014969250,Recommended,251570,12026329,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Loviatar,"Good game, stable releases, frequent content additions, developers have excellent quality control so they do not release serious bugs at mentionable rate.Game is fun to play in pvp or cooperative with friends. Environment can pose sufficient challenges for pve mode.Definately one of the better games of the past years, and it is not even fully released yet.Advice: buy when you can afford itupdate 30-12-2016:This is one of the few games that has become a staple of gaming hours over the past few years. Definately a good investment and one of the best survival games around. The creators are still making frequent improvements and continue to amaze."
76561198114057184,Recommended,251570,29759047,Posted: 7 February,all,TestingWife2695✅,"everything is breakable, and it kinda has a ""Fallout NV"" vibe to it"
,Recommended,251570,31323521,Posted: 23 April,all,Rio,I have loved watching this game progress. I never tire of starting from scratch and building up for Day 7. I look forward to all the new additions to this game!
76561198366174373,Recommended,251570,30212304,Posted: 26 February,all,albertelrod200,yep
76561198114075538,Recommended,251570,29041523,Posted: 5 January,all,(Official) Bluezebra2,"Lots of fun, but takes some time to get good at. But once you understand how the game works it's a lot more fun!"
,Recommended,251570,29039966,Posted: 5 January,all,Mkerv,"7 Days to Die is a zombie survival game with crafting and building. Every thing you craft, every action you take, every food or water you drink can help you survive. But on the night of day 7, you will be assaulted by a horde of zombies that will attempt to eat you no matter where you are. Build or fortify a base, add spikes and/or barbed wire, make some wooden clubs and bows+arrows and maybe you will make it past night 7.Pros+Simple crafting system w/ non-invasive tutorial that helps get you started+A lot of customization in terms of clothing/building options+Variable weather/climate depending on biome+Crafting/building/doing survival things levels most of your attributes, which turns into skill points that can be spent on perks. This is especially useful if playing with a group who desires to pool resourcesCons-AI pathing is pretty good but they seem to give up if unable to reach the player effectively-Combat is  meaty but a little clunky-Hordes on night 7 can sometimes be a bit of a bother, which can spell doom of new or inexperienced players-Optimization is alright but could be betterOverall, if you're looking for a zombie survival game, wait for this game to go on sale. Very fun but because it is still Early Access, there are some things that could be improved. Build 16 is coming soon as of this review, so maybe check out the game around that time."
,Recommended,251570,16869578,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Voksword,"One of the best survival/horror games. Hard-working Devs, useful updates. If you want a survival game to have fun with friends, don't wait anymore"
76561198177691427,Recommended,251570,23878613,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Toastah,If you have a mac and are trying to run the latest version have fun trying to get it to work you have to force quit every single time! yay(sarcasm)! Game itself is fun if you play on a older version
,Recommended,251570,24144175,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dunder Chief,"Got this game on sale and got 2 copies for a decent price.Gave one copy to a friend and said we should try it out, but another friend saw what we were playing and bought a copy himself.We are now a 5 man team, renting our own server, and just recently spent nearly 12 hours straight playing it.The balance of this game is such that you don't always feel hopeless, but certainly don't feel overpowered.I play a number of sandbox survival games, and this one fills all of the facets very well.Pros:Promotes teamwork without forcing teamwork. It is possible to go solo (either on a server or offline single-player), but it won't be easy and probably won't be as much fun.Includes all of the things you expect from a sandbox survival: Crafting (tools/weapons/armor), Building bases, mining for resources, scavenging, different biomes, killing things, a leveling system,  and maintaining health via food/water and medical supplies.The implementation of an inexcapable horde of zombies every 7 days is a wonderful feature in that you don't get bored because you always have the next big day looming over the horizon.All of the key gameplay elements are extremely well polished for an alpha build.The dev team seems to be really into what they are doing since updates seem to be constant without being overbearing.The PVP element can bring an interesting component to the game for those that want that extra layer of potential danger.The game doesn't force you to play a certain way but instead lets you approach the game in whatever way you prefer. If you want to be more gnomadic, you can. If you prefer to build a bunker and sit tight, you can do that too.Cons:Due to how quickly they are updating the game, the wiki articles aren't always up to date, which is bad for a good reason.Some of the zombies seem out of place in a game like this that seems to lean more toward realism than fantasy.Primarily, the Cop zombie that is fat, spits acid and explodes. While a common zombie type in zombie games, he doesn't really fit in this game (even though he is fun to go up against). Maybe if instead of spitting acid, it could rupture into a putrid disorienting cloud.There are currently some performance issues when dealing with hordes. Low frame-rate and sound drops out. They are working on it as I understand though.I no longer want to play other games because then I will have less time to play this one.Overall:This game is very well rounded and well polished for an alpha game, and I really look forward to what they have in the future. I got it on sale, but I would still recommend it at full price."
,Recommended,251570,16454535,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Enron Hubbard,"Absolutely huge. The depth of this game is amazing. The zombies are actually frightening. The crafting system is great. The building variations are great. The adaptable settings, graphics and world are fantastic. The creative mode is a fun enough game on it's own. The navez map is too. The random gen world makes for pretty much infinite replay value along with plenty of servers and players with active communities online. Updates are ever improving in my view and the developers seem to take care and thought in introducing new items while keeping a good balance in the gameplay. The modding community is active too with custom prefabs, recipes etc easily available already.I couldn't recommend this highly enough. Long may it continue."
,Recommended,251570,29025236,Posted: 4 January,all,Frostyminty,"Caught this on sale for 10 bucks..and if I knew how fun it is I would ofPicked it up sooner. The last time i got the sense of adventure and wonder in a game, was when I playedWoW for the first time. Survival and exploration is done so well in this."
,Recommended,251570,14221092,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,7Reaper7,Game is pretty cool .. Very simple and graphicaly basic but high fun factor...
,Recommended,251570,13399453,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Xamllew,"I don't think I've ever been so threatened by slow shambling Romero style zombies in a game, but this game cleverly makes them very dangerous and sneaky. 7 Days to Die sorta plays like two games in one, during the day you've got an endless randomized world rich with detail and variation which you loot and endanger yourself from not only zombies but also terrain hazards such as cliffs and collapsing buildings. During the night the game plays a bit like a tower defense, get into a building (or make your own), board it up, bar the front door and prepare to fight off hordes until morning. Tons of craftable items which you build from junk and natural resources laying around. The game is rough in the graphics department but it's still one of the best looking voxelized games out right now.Even for an alpha this game has a good 15-20 hour endgame progression. I've put over 110 hours into this game so far and I'm still finding plenty to do, that amount of playbility from any game, let alone an early access, is impressive for me."
76561197976512226,Recommended,251570,27995062,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Evo,"Want a game where the crafting system is equal to that of Minecraft? Want a game that has more realistic graphics than Minecraft? Want enemies and zombies that actually scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and are hard to kill? If you even answered yes to one then this game is worth a try for you! The game is in Alpha but I have played it since the first early access. The Game has been in Alpha awhile however, the devs and founders live and breathe the game. Every update and patch that the devs come out with has huge changes that make the game better and better, they listen to the community and the forums for ideas on what to change or add. I actually highly recommend this game because for its genre it is one of the best and has the potential to get even better! A must  have in any steam library!"
76561197967294632,Recommended,251570,16326789,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fire Blaster,It's fun.  Zombies can be overwhelming though and weapons don't last very long.  Disappointed that there are tons of cars but you can't drive them yet.  Looking forward to that hopefully.  Bought it last weekend and now it's ten dollars cheaper with the Summer Sale.  Buy it if you haven't already
,Recommended,251570,30430163,Posted: 10 March,all,CerindaNow,This game is addictive and lots of fun. I would suggest not reading any hints or tips and just jumping in. Going about it from a blind survivors point of view was hilarious. The news about updates looks amazing and the game already has so much to offer!! I love it!
76561198043529150,Recommended,251570,12824617,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,☾NoctaChick★,"The BEST early access game so far ....( in it's category)!7 Days To Die = Awesome Sauce!!What are you waiting for ?!?!  If you have Dayz...Rust...(or games of the like) Why on earth don't you have this game?I ♥ this game because it has what no other games have been able to give:+amazing look and feel+clever zombies ( not just the typical ohh yea they chase you kind of thing)+smooth / less major game faults ( than the others of similar nature)+realistic survival ideas ( but very manageable)+Is on its way to really become a one of kind! (starting now and heading to alpha 10!!!)The only con: ( which really isnt one) is that it will take a bit of time at first to get the feel of things and not die, haha( but what game (even non-early access) isn't like that?Tip: as soon as you start in ......grab everything around you! ( It's NOT like Dayz where it could take tons of running to find supplies)"
,Recommended,251570,23812333,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,*Karissma*,This is one of the best games I have played in awhile. Not for the weak <3Day 1 Game 1Appear half naked and alone.Investigate some shack near by.I start to loot everything I can.Get Mauled by a bear.Die.Wake up with nothing but my underwear.Where's my sh*t?Day 1 Game 2Appear near a slightly larger shack still half naked but feeling optimistic.Start to loot everything I can.Learn to make clothes.Start repairing the shack.Wonder too far and get mauled by zombie.Die.Day 1 Game 3I name this game ... for 'f**ks sake'.Appear in seriously hot desert in my underwear near a shack.Loot everything I can.Zombie chases me into shack.Zombie beats down door.I whack him a couple times before ...I die.I should have reapired the shack.<3
76561197970475666,Recommended,251570,26741662,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hoppler,"Z-day realistic minecraft with a lot of RPG aspect and crafting. I love this game. I look forward to the updates, beta, or even full game!"
76561198035666881,Recommended,251570,25054757,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Woof,"If you like first person scavenging for supplies, full destroyable terrain/buildings, then this game might be a good choice, it has weight physics so if a building support can't hold something, it will fall down. You can mine, farm and build your own buildings."
,Recommended,251570,28712292,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,{RoFL}SheWantsThePh.D.,"You'd think that once you have enough food and water and a nice little bunker, and survived the first week, you'd feel like you're done. But NOPE. There's so much more to explore, and so many more levels of technology to attain, and MORE SEVENTH NIGHTS to prepare for, that you can't stop. The zombies seem to be getting stronger as I level up. I can't stop preparing. There's cobblestone three blocks deep surrounding my fortress, ringed with a moat full of spikes; I live in a literal vault where the forge never sleeps - and neither do I. Every day I must venture farther from home to gather the resources I need to keep building. I stay out later and later each night, eking out the time to just see what's over that hill, and that one, and that one. One day I may not return... and then I'll start all over again.TL;DR spent more time with this game than my family on xmas weekend, please send help"
76561197977872288,Recommended,251570,12184443,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mr. Truelove,"To describe the game simply, I would call it amazing. Simply as that.TL;DNR in the buttom.But why? It is still in Alpha and have some missing elements and some bugs that may ruin gameplay?Yeah, sure - One might exploit some bugs in the game, yielding an advantage. Between crafting, scavaging and worktime, this enables a mindblowing production of whatever needed (usually bullets).However, an even better advantage? Grab a friend, and survive together!But how about enviroment? The graphics look like minecraft and the sounds kinda dull too.Personally, I find gameplay more important than graphics - As long as it is durable. I agree that graphics are not that smooth, and sometimes digging a hole or building a house, looks exactly like a bad omen from minecraft. But it is not that bad, and for the gameplay experienced, it is not even close to an issue of whether to play the game or not.The sound is also lacking a bit, but for my review (At Alpha 9.3), it simply gives more survivability - as it gives an hearing radius of all zombies that would hear a normal gunshot.Yes, it is a detail to be solved with and yes, it should not be so - But again, a very small detail for the pure essence of awesomeness of this game.The gameplay is superb and vast superior to any other survival game on the market (including the favourite ""The Forest"").While other games (E.g. The Forest) has more focus on enviroment, having better graphics and sound, 7 Days to Die simply focuses more of the gameplay, being able to do and build almost anything of your hearts desire (No girls or tentacles).TL;DNR --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I give this game 9.5/10, and simply recommend this game to anybody, who wants to play a decent survival game.While it still have some graphics and sound comparable to minecraft, it has by far the best gameplay.So a 10/10 survival game, would be taking the gameplay from 7 Days to Die, and combine it with graphics of The Forest.But you WILL enjoy 7DtDEdit, 16/4-15: The game mechanics are getting even better, graphics also having a lift.While it is still not the prettiest game, it is still one heck of a survival game. With the improving mechanics and gameplay, each patch makes it even more enjoyable, especially with a good co-op server (Among friends, of course)."
76561198204256311,Recommended,251570,30314192,Posted: 4 March,all,jkay98,Awesome Zombie crafting / survival game. After a while it may become boring but once the next update comes out its like playing a new game thats better than the last one.
,Recommended,251570,30314267,Posted: 4 March,all,Fnitter,"Amazing game but, I wouldnt recommend getting it if you dont have any friends to play with."
76561198031137117,Recommended,251570,28043229,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Unknown artist,Great survival game that makes you be scared of zombies :3
,Recommended,251570,12311506,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,The_TidyBowl_Man,"This game has been rough out of the starting block but has taken off to become a contender for the top tier survival zombie building and crafting game. It has in my oppinion out-classed Day-Z and Nether by a significant margin. Best of all you control the server!This game has elements of:MinecraftKilling FloorNo More Room in HellAnd a scale of territory so vast it feels like a ""AAA"" MMO.Support and updates are frequent with ever inproving functionality and options."
76561198050723926,Recommended,251570,24533377,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Jester,Crafting and open world.  Everything can be crafted or planted.  Want a garden?  Grow one.  Want a castle?  Build one.  Want to live in un underground cave system?  Dig one.I would say that this game is better with friends but it's pretty fun solo as well.  This game is still very much in Alpha.  It also cost more than a game in Alpha should but honestly I would rather have the game than my money back so I guess it's worth it.  There are some weird bugs sometimes and surviving that seventh night horde can be pretty difficult if you don't prepare but it's all strangely addicting.  I just hope they continue to work on it and the Beta comes out soon.
76561198082224993,Recommended,251570,16063980,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,barricade405,I have had this game for a vary long time now i don't play it as much as I use to but i will say this... It is very fun and and at time it can be scary. I got it for my son it a good game to play with others and i would recommend if you don't have this game get it! worth every penny..
76561198044910481,Recommended,251570,31300436,Posted: 22 April,all,NoobieGamerGirl,"Had this game for a while now and been playing it since earlier alpha stages. Such a great game especially if you love building, killing zombies and just general survival games. You are always doing something in game and i like how the zombies vary in difficulty as the days go on and increase in difficulty on the blood moons.It's great to see that the game is constantly being updated and any bugs are always being fixed. Always look forward to the next alpha version that is going to come out and wondering what the new content is going to be.Was a bit sceptical about getting this game with it being an early access alpha but can genuinely say it doesn't feel like an alpha and could already be a complete game. Really looking forward to where this game will go in the future as it has a LOT of potential. Would highly recommend it :D"
,Recommended,251570,28905869,Posted: 1 January,all,Spookyena,Another entry in the series of generic early access zombie survival games except it actually includes the ability to host multiplayer games where you can invite friends. A bunch of other titles insist on players making their own dedicated servers or using some thrid party software just to host a private one. It certainly helps that the game is also not among the many stupid titles that force players into multiplayer games without offering any other options.It's also one of the few that weren't just abandoned by the developer a day after its launch.
76561198078502926,Recommended,251570,26950530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Higsor,Day 7.You only got wood and stones in your inventory.Kill the horde of zombies with sticks and stones.World War 4.Day 49Bathe in the blood of your enemies.Betray your allies.Get that sweet minibike.Ride into the horizon.Die by falling into the abyss.10/10
,Not Recommended,251570,10983103,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kovich,"If you're thinking about buying this game for multiplayer, don't bother. You'll invest countless hours only to have everything wiped away in an instant by Chinese hackers. The development team has no interest in securing the game. You WILL lose everything to a hacker - I guarantee it."
76561198119527879,Recommended,251570,30343885,Posted: 5 March,all,lukkieboy123,"This game is everything you want in a survival game, its the going to be so good when it leaves early access, I can't wait!"
76561198086264874,Recommended,251570,30344782,Posted: 5 March,all,TheGraciousCube-->8.3kMMR,nice
76561198124176543,Recommended,251570,30483464,Posted: 12 March,all,Blue Thunderhawk,"If you like minecraft, there is a 99% probability you will like this game. Those who do not like to grind need not apply. Creativity meets zombie survival game - amazing! I am real picky with games, especially sandbox games, and for the life of me I cannot figure out why there are negative reviews of this game - and then I heard about the PS4 and xbox fiasco.I will tell you that the PC experience is awesome! A lot of the reviews I have read speak about things of which they do not understand (I think they didn't embrace the grind and develop their character to the point they saw improvements), and I will attempt to clarify:1. Poor aiming system - False! With more experience, using points to increase skill levels with archery, pistols, etc. make your player more lethal. You have to do some grinding to get to that point; also, let's be honest - the character is probably closer to you than a bonafide war hero who knows how to use every weapon and machine on the face of the earth. If you want a realistic survival game that could possibly represent you, then this is it.2. Poor graphics - Debatable - I don't think people appreciate the depth of crafting (also how each new release in alpha is fine-tuning this), and when you can literally change the face of the game, having the advanced graphics of 2017 isn't there yet. If you want the sandbox, able to change anything and depth-of-crafting experience, you might have to sacrifice a little graphics. From my perspective, the graphics are amazing as I use minecraft as a measurement. These graphics blow away minecraft. I personally have no problem with the graphics.3. Story is non-existent - What! Hello, it is a zombie apocalypse game! How in-depth could the story line get?! If you are about a story-line, then choose the final fantasy series, but then you don't have a sandbox game - do you? In fact, most any sandbox survival game's story line is going to be weak if that is what you are trying to measure it to. The storyline is what you make of it.4. Single player game is miserable and online experience is lacking - Can I give you some advice? If you are a gamer, or have friends who like to game, if you have made any friends at all in life who play video games- then get them to purchase this game, and do it together. I can see how the single player would get old - I would possibly use this to develop skills and try new things. I could also see how the online experience with strangers is rough. I have read so many reviews for all kinds of games, and guess what the reoccuring theme is - there are always a few people who ruin it for everyone. There is not a single online multiplayer game I can think of where someone isn't trying to mess with someone else. Get your friends, get them to purchase the game, make a password protected game, possibly set up a dedicated server so you can get on it anytime you want even if the others aren't on, and go wild.5. It becomes too easy when your character reaches all purple (500 to 600) - Time to get creative! Go out on every blood moon into ciites; build a fort in the middle of the city above ground, and fight every night; make it as challenging as you want to.Other: Go to the 7 days to die community, and find another group of guys who play it together. Offer to set up a map where there is a 30 days truce where your team and their team build up, make bases, gather supplies, etc. to prepare for war. Then have fun."
76561198072459719,Recommended,251570,30356632,Posted: 6 March,all,Krazed_Guy125,"First, let me start by saying the game itself is very fun. The gun mechanics are not tragically terrible and the crafting is enjoyable. The caveat being that the games lobbies are not the best. They’re capped at an unreasonably low player count for how long it takes to travel the entire map. That is if you can join one of the main lobbies without having to wait too terribly long. All that said, if you and a few friends are looking for a fun game to mess around on this isn’t a bad choice especially with the sale going on."
76561198045871831,Recommended,251570,30357388,Posted: 6 March,all,Trashie,"This is one of the most underrated games I have played in the last year! I found this game to be everything I wished DayZ and Rust could be! I bought this game on sale thinking ""what the hell"" and I did not stop playing ALL weekend. I have only played on a PvE server so far, thinking I would get bored and move to a PvP server.....but the hoarde is more than enough to keep you on your tippy toes! If you tried this game and found the basic mechanics to be frustrating, I agree there are a few convenient things I would like to see but I am sure they will keep improving this game. Don't give up! Keep playing for a few days and I promise you won't want to play anything else! My favorite part about this game is that you have total freedom! You can build anywhere not claimed by a player or NPC trader, everything is minable (even the grass) and the hoarde knows no clan! This means, no matter how big and bad a group of players may be....the zombies will make everyone's life hard and scary. Over all.... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANY AND EVERYONE WHO HAS LOVED DAYZ OR RUST! I normally don't write game reviews...but I was so surprisingly impressed by this game I figured I would tell anyone who cares to read the reviews. Happy Hunting :D   <3"
,Recommended,251570,31476935,Posted: 30 April,all,SidewinderAZ,with nearly 300 hours i played this game since first release. been some highs and lows but getting better.
,Recommended,251570,16515951,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cashmere Keith,"This is a ugly game. But it is really fun; the world is wide open, and it makes you feel alone in a fun way. It pushes you to explore the map and try new things. If you want to play a new game with friends and kill some time, this is the game for you. Once I play more I will come back and update this basic review.9/10 - Crazy Fun, Time Killer"
76561198045603527,Recommended,251570,24550404,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Luna,Amazing crafting and zombie 1st person game. Satisfies the zombie game lover i am and with an amazing crafting system. The game has great replay value with many different game settings for all levels and styles of play.Love it
76561198146204201,Recommended,251570,16037664,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kep of Joy,Very fun alternative to minecraft
76561198048736767,Recommended,251570,16462468,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wyvernight,One of the most amazing games I have ever played!! Thumbs up!
,Recommended,251570,28963629,Posted: 2 January,all,GnomeVomit,"Despite being in development for a very long time, being pretty poorly optomized, and the N64 level of graphics the game has lots of depth and is very fun to play with friends. In another 3 years time this game will be amazing. As is, I woudl recommend, just be prepared for the learning curve and absolute death, but once you get the hang of it it is great fun to see how long you can survive and what kind of bases you can build."
76561198027140009,Recommended,251570,12424857,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Psychoando,Its goooooooooood
,Recommended,251570,15959443,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,{PC} ☠Reapers☠,7 Days To Die is one of the more enjoyable survival crafting games. I found its slow paced melee system to make the game very entertaining while the guns would make the game easier in the long run.
76561197969358904,Recommended,251570,33535639,Posted: 14 July,all,Dcal,last patch was a huge improvement
76561198153974371,Recommended,251570,33592032,Posted: 16 July,all,☣Purple☠Death☣,"Well, I like this game. You can build and change so many things. The thing I love the most is what you can shape the terrain and build like in minecraft. The thing is what the devs don't listen to people sometimes. We all want to make creative mode for admins only on your server. If they fix that and make it run smoother, it would be a really nice game. I would love cars, because traveling around the map takes too much time."
,Recommended,251570,29995350,Posted: 17 February,all,mariah2ng,"Okay so after playing this game for a good while now finally decided to review it. I absolutely adore this game. The world is fully changeable, every aspect of this game has been thought out a lot (exept multiplayer but ill get to that...). Crafting system is in my oppinion very easy to use, there is such a good variety of everything in the game, from food to guns. They only aspect missing variety are vehicles. Base building is amazing, graphics too for this type of game. The gameplay is absolutely addictive and its insane how drawn to this game u get in a very short period of time. That being said i get to the point i have most problems with. Multiplayer has so many problems. There are so many glitches. Minibikes are horrible for that. I would suggest minibikes shouldnt be allowed to be placed on claimed land.( claimed by a player you are not allies with) Also the ability to look throught the ground. And hackers of course,but thats with every alpha i guess. Bikes are basically a nightmare in multiplayer if you are trying to have a fair gameplay. Multiplayer needs work. As for my experiences with people,community has so far been amazing. So many new people Ive met. Map is really big and if you move out to the Rad zone u have a high chance of your base never being raided. So in my oppinion this is the best survival/crafting game out there. So it has my warmest recommendations :]"
76561198289903497,Recommended,251570,33586459,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr Legacy,"100% recommend this game. It still has glitches and bugs but oh hey this game is still in alpha so that is normal. Also, the bugs are rare, for me at least. You can have ‘fun’ in both solo and multiplayer. If, running for your life to find dog food is even fun for you 😃.  If playing on default settings, this game is pretty much enjoyable for newbies only, since they do not know much about game mechanics therefore the struggle for surviving is big. However, that changed a bit with new alpha 16, even for veterans of this game, stuff like looting became harder because of sleepers’ mechanics.  Honestly unless you are very new to this game, I would recommend increasing the ‘blood moon count’ to at least 16 for the first horde unless you do not like any challenge or your pc/laptop is too weak for bigger frame rate. Blood moon count 8 is way too small and it does not provide enough challenge for the players, especially when you are playing with other people. A lot of people tend to dislike the game because of graphics and I completely disagree with that. I am not a game expert but just look at Minecraft as an example, a game with one of the worst graphics and it still so popular. Not only 7dtd graphics are way better when comparing it with a lot of games, this game is still developing and the graphics are getting better and better with each update. Just look at videos/images of this game from alpha 1, the game’s graphics improved a lot. In conclusion, this game has a lot of potential and its definitely one of the best games I have ever played. It is probably a game most similar to  the ‘the walking dead’ series which I am a big fan of 😊."
76561198120315564,Recommended,251570,33261178,Posted: 4 July,all,☠xXtwistdXx YT☠,Super fun i would reccomend this to everyone :)
,Recommended,251570,33261395,Posted: 4 July,all,Linkusknight,Great game to play. You really have to think about dog days and horde nights. I enjoy and get frustrated by how little errors that I make can impact on the game.Very addictive and highly enjoyable.
76561198288735380,Recommended,251570,33575639,Posted: 15 July,all,Sarahs1610,Best Game EVER.
76561198020718355,Recommended,251570,18670885,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Orcbrother,want a good zombie survival sandbox game?  look no further.
76561198175907703,Recommended,251570,30752258,Posted: 26 March,all,C9's BenchWarmer - hellcase.com,Greate game with some minor bug i would recommend to anyone who loves a open world zombie style of game.
,Recommended,251570,29760928,Posted: 7 February,all,CaptainNDB,"I started playing 7DTD on Xbox, and decided I had to make the jump to PC.  It's a great concept, and TFP are awesome about communication with their players.  I'm more than happy to have purchased the game twice at this point.  Definitely worth it."
76561198333123236,Recommended,251570,29520141,Posted: 27 January,all,Hobo Simpson Skinhub.com,the best survival game iv ever owned
,Recommended,251570,29357000,Posted: 19 January,all,✪ Bzuga ✪,Best game ever!
76561198272699919,Recommended,251570,29331670,Posted: 17 January,all,The Undead Dragonphoenix,well done game.
,Recommended,251570,30023941,Posted: 18 February,all,Whole Foods,"I received the game as a gift from a friend.7 Days to Die is probably one of the better ""early access survival open world crafting"" games out there.The way the game progresses feels natural, it's a bit of a grind the first night or two as you'd expect but as soon as you cross that barrier of early game (usually when you finally build a forge) everything immediately feels much smoother. And from there, as you gain skills in crafting, weapons, scavenging, and what have you, it keeps getting easier.The zombies do get tougher but it doesn't feel like an unfair gain each 7 days, you're getting stronger just as much as the zombies are. And with the difficulty gain on your enemies, you also don't get bored- everthing is still a challenge.It's better with friends as well, you can build bigger and better and have a good time surviving together. Or antagonizing each other.  There's also a lovely roleplay element to the game, if you're more imaginative, with the character creation and an (admittedly small) collection of vanity furniture.TL;DR 7DtD is a zombie game with a sweet and simple early game that continues to be fun even after you've reached the 30th day."
76561198048940251,Recommended,251570,27611785,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BMK,"I'll try to make this short and simple:+ Awesome fun and keeps you interested+ Allows you to find your own playing style+ Bugs get taken care of+ Ongoing dialogue between devs and fan community about features, bugs and ideas (it's just as much the fans' game that is being made!)+ Challenging if you want it to be, easy if you want it to be.+ Works well online/MP/COOP as well as SP+ Mod friendlyGet it! Support it!"
,Recommended,251570,28009246,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zylantis,Best zombie suvival game Ever!
,Recommended,251570,27735779,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tehbus,"I am notorious among my friends for my abhorrence of zombie games. They asked me numerous times to give this game a try because it had everything else I liked: ability to co-op with friends, crafting, crossbows, and was basically a giant scavenger hunt. When I finally gave it a try... have to say, they were right. But I still hate zombies. 11/10 cannot stop playing this game once I launch it."
76561198154661444,Recommended,251570,25935048,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,aidynmaster,"There's some seriously mixed reviews for 7dtd.  So let me put my 2 cents in here...First of all, above anything else, you will spend a LOT of time in this game scavanging.  Come to a town, loot it building by building, and haul it all back to your base and sort it out.  You will do thisA LOT.  I feel like I do this less in the custom map rather than the random generation one because you often come across smaller but more common points of interest to loot.  There IS a craftable minibike, and that does help moving your loot back to base, but doesn't ease the process of looting every storage container you come across.Second, literally the entire game is built on xml files and if you don't like something or want to tweak something, you have the power to do so.  There's also a huge list of options to choose from in game such as whether zombies run at night, if and how often loot respawns, whether air drops (loot, usually weapons and meds) spawn...don't like zombie dogs?  Cut their movement speed down to that of a crawler.  Want to tweak or make your own recipes?  Go for it.  If an aspect about the game bothers you, then change it.  *runs off to classify the Sledgehammer as a weapon instead of a tool*Third...combat.  I've heard from a few people (I'm looking at you, PC Gamer -.-) that combat is an unpredictable mess of trading blows.  Anyone who enters melee combat even once with a zombie would realize there's a very obvious dance of swing, dodge, swing, dodge.  Do it right, you won't be touched.  Do it wrong, you're getting a black eye.  Both with melee and ranged combat, it's always about those headshots.  Because they're zombies.  You should know that.Fourth, you will probably not be relying on guns...like...ever.  Ammo is extremely hard to come by and any you find should be saved for day 7 hordes, ferals, and probably cops.  You'll rely heavily on a bow or crossbow for ranged combat.  Ammo is craftable, but typically not until very late game and Calipers, a tool used in ammo crafting, is ridiculously rare.Take heed to these points, and know that you will spend a lot of time looting and running back and fourth across the map, when considering purchasing this game.(And keep in mind I am writing this for pre-A15.)Edit for A15: They made food a lot harder to find from looting, so in addition you'll also be hunting animals for meat and setting up a farm as soon as you find seeds and find a home for yourself. (quick tip, you don't need a Hoe, you can plant on dirt that is dug up and placed down again)"
,Recommended,251570,25866762,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Die Screaming,"Pretty much the best game in the world. Random gen is an explorer's dream. Servers are so amazing. A lot to choose from. 100's of hours of fun and the game is not even done yet!!! My only complaint is with all the millions of dollars that the fun pimps have made, you'd think they would be a bit faster at getting to beta? if that will ever happen?"
,Recommended,251570,25886664,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CONXFLY,I like it! Can be tedious at times though
76561198280109094,Recommended,251570,29068005,Posted: 6 January,all,vox,This Game is very fun for someone who is new to survival or just wants to have some fun surviving an endless horde of zombies with some friends. Theres so much crafting to be able to build the base you want to defend yourself from the hordes.
,Recommended,251570,29008924,Posted: 4 January,all,Roland Cassidy,"This is one of the few games that I purchased in early alpha that has completely kept me playing. Multiplayer survival on public servers suffers from typical public server survival game problems of having a tough time of fighting entrenched groups and having no viable way to defend a small group from a larger more coordinated raiding party.That said I won't lie, as difficult as it can be at times solo survival has me hooked. I love waging a one man war against the zeds as the last man standing, scavenging an entire wasteland. The pure feeling of terror as I realize I've only got a few minutes till blood moon rising on the 7th night and I'm a kilometer away from the safety of my fortress is real. The horde can and will surround you if you're not competent at kiting and keeping an eye on your surroundings, and the locales have significantly improved over the last year.  Even after playing for a long time I happened upon a new site I've never run across before... a skate park.It's far from perfect folks, I'm not going to pitch the pro's and cons but if you're a fan of survival, zombies, a solid crafting system, and a fairly well put together game, 7 days does the trick and I'd greatly recommend it to someone just getting into steam and looking for a fun Survial Title."
76561198039185348,Recommended,251570,29510464,Posted: 26 January,all,[LOoL]Nameless,"Ive racked up almost 82hours in the game now and love it. Its addicting and awesome! Ran across a nuclear missile silo, me and 2 other friends have rebuilt all the walls, dug around the Fortress as we named it and are trying to prepare it for the toughening zombie raids, Day 133 when I log on next, And its only getting tougher and tougher!"
,Recommended,251570,29534160,Posted: 27 January,all,SmplyFrenchToast™,"This is one of those survival games that gnawed away at the top seller list in Steam for ages. For a long time, I couldn’t understand it. I watched the videos and scoffed at the raggedy character models, the basic textures, the lumpy landscapes. Another Minecraft clone. Then I was conscripted to actually write about the thing. I soon ended up knee deep in zombies, swinging a bat at their heads, running low on ammo, before eventually escaping from my homely cabin (now in ruins) down the snowy roads. What do you know, I thought, it’s good, and know that I've had time to play it. 7 Days to Die understands what games in the survival genre strive for. Dumped in an unforgiving world, you're tasked with living; first for a day, then seven days, and then for as long as possible. The hurdles to your survival are numerous, and the tasks required to overcome those hurdles can require complete knowledge of scavenging, crafting and item use. The core appeal of a survival game, as tedious as it may sound, sees players analyze, prioritize and capitalize on threats and opportunities which present themselves in the game world. So long story short I love this game, In my eyes this game has a lot of potential in it, and the developers are taking there time with this game to make it one of the best. Sure it has it's bugs, the game is still in Alpha and it has a long road ahead of it, but if you don't mind bugs from time to time and do not care to much about graphics try the game out. Who knows it might become your new favorite zombie game."
76561198209952928,Recommended,251570,29614702,Posted: 31 January,all,stevebro2003,ChallengingAddictiveFrustrating/DifficultHeaps of funMust play everyday lol
76561198045818250,Recommended,251570,29627811,Posted: 1 February,all,Paul13mj,"Very good game, Been with it since 2013.I reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,251570,28669415,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,StrongIndependantWoman,great game with huge potential
76561198197443574,Recommended,251570,28712203,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,{D^G} Senior Daniel,"So hey where will i start, You ready ? OK, So 7 days to die or 7DTD is a game which makes me always keep a look out of what im doing. You see this game consist of randomly generated worlds or u can play Single Player which is just the same map. However 7DTD is such a great game because of the following.1. When u first play the game you always die due to inexperience2. U get better as you keep playing it3. It totally focuses in survival eg: Hunger, Thirst, Dehydration and many more4. Zombies now where u are5. When Night time comes your totally @#$@%&6. Consist of me blowing those damn zombies with a improvise RPG7. Endless possibilitites of u being killed, find good items and mayhemWell u know it always depends of u if your gonna buy it or not but for me this is a good survival gameP.SStumbled a military campkilled all zeds in itMade it my Camp :D"
76561198071824815,Recommended,251570,28719917,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheCrow,"Picked up this game 18 months ago with one hours game play to my name it just did not appeal to me, Fast forward late october the mates are playing it hard so i said F**k it ill give it another try BOOM!!! everything else has taken a back seat .Recent updates seem to have made the game much more playable, will be interesting to see future updates...Pick it up in the sale you won't be disappointed..."
76561198008230319,Recommended,251570,29614874,Posted: 31 January,all,vorpal_bunny,I love this game. when I first played it it was pretty basic and blocky but I actually felt nervos being alone on a server trying to survive when night fall came. then it gets crazy. zombs move faster lots of freaky ambiant noises. since i bouth this game overe a year and a half ago they have made a lot of improvements and new content. its nice to see a early access take the game makeing process seriously and work towards a finished product with players help. from what i hear there will be massive content drop comming soon. with bandits trade systems everything. very exciting. theres still some rediculous clip errors that are wierd of funny. water being the worst problem dig a hole in the bottom of a lake and the water level drops and theres a dip in the lake where the hole is. dig a big hole in the lake and its a giant dip in a lake. however the weight load i think was a feature that both suprised and impressed me. you just cant build a heavy brick house on some weak wooden blocks. very decent alpha and beta youve kept my attention fun pimps. thank you
,Recommended,251570,29517917,Posted: 27 January,all,▶TonyLeStarK◀,"This game isnt like Ark Survival Evolved or neither Minecraft. DayZ can go to sleep along with all other '' zombie survival games '' that there is out there because 7 Days to die is what i've been waiting for a long time.I love everything in this game. I love the way it got me into a routine. When you have a few hours into the game with a small base and a forge you get that routine to always use time wisely. When you play in Insane mode every minute counts. While you are looting a city, the forge is running. While your hunting bullets are crafting in the Work bench.  if you can use logic in the structures you make in your base you dont even need to kill the zombies if your traps are well thought. Logic in this game is the key, Def one of my fav game this year !Yes there are minor bugs here and there but they are worth it ! I highly advice to play with buddies on a server or your own server. Single player is fine to learn but with a community it gets real addictive."
76561198056510630,Recommended,251570,28090922,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,duomaxwellofafternet,"Allright, I've played this game a long long time now, and here's my opinion on it.One fine night Minecraft and The Walking Dead staggered out of a bar, drunker than♥♥♥♥♥♥ and fumbled their way into an intoxicated ♥♥♥♥fest that resulted in this glorious beacon of survival crafting.  It has a dark feel to it, as suits the zombie apocalypse, but if you manage to keep alive you can almost feel hopeful for your future.  Crafting is straightforward, gather stuff and use it to build better stuff.  I haven't played online yet (More on why in a moment) but my (mis)adventures in single player have left be more satisfied than Minecraft ever accomplished.  Sure, the stuff you build won't be as ""pretty"" and there _are_ some functionalities Minecraft has (See also, Redstone) that this lacks, but I personally didn't suffer at all for it.  The HeatMap functionality forces you to be cautious even in crafting and building and even farming.  I have had to switch gears from harvesting/planting my field to fending off a horde at the speed of growl.The 7th night event is an amazing piece of the game.  This is the night you are GOING to be in for a fight.  The horde knows where you are and they want your flesh.  You'll have to keep it in mind when building your base, because even the strongest defense can be breached by them in time.  The question becomes ""Can you survive the night?""My only complaint, and the reason I haven't played multiplayer, is also a complaint that I really can't lay at the feet of the game alone.  My FPS is approximately 15 on a good day.  More like 12 average, dropping to 10 when even as few as 3 zombies are in view.  It gets worse as I added lighting to my base.  But again, I can't lay this at 7DtD's feet:  My video card is so generic it's part name is literally ""Intel Generic Graphics.""  I suspect strongly that in the coming year when I get the money for an upgrade together, this complaint will vanish and I'll be found online working with friends, trying to evolve from a single zombie fortress to a godsdamned village.Tips:  Don't skimp on defenses.  Do not underestimate the value of a mining helmet, especially on the 7th night.  The humble bow is an incredibly useful weapon.  Zombies can absolutely smell you.  Also, maybe it's just the fact my framerate is garbage but I've found the AK to be a lacking weapon, and would rather have a Blunderbuss.This game has my recommendation 100%."
,Recommended,251570,28109694,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CapraAegagrusHircus,"YesGo check outhttp://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/and keep up to date with the continued development.The game continues to change, and imo, gets better."
,Recommended,251570,27747288,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sundafyllir,"This is definitely the best survival game there is. Very polished for an alpha. There are a few occasional glitches here and there, but they are genreally solved with a quick disconnect and reconnect. This game has gotten tons of playtime from me and will continue to do so. Can't wait to see where it goes!"
,Recommended,251570,27769689,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TeK N!CC0,I am very exited for the future of this game. In alpha and is already a great game. Thir are some bugs that can be fixed but thats most games now anyways. It is really addicting when played with friends and can keep you on the edge of your chair at time. If you are looking for a zombie survival game you should deffinetly consider 7 Days to Die.
,Recommended,251570,29227825,Posted: 13 January,all,JiXXR,"JiXXR REVIEW:I am not normally one who jumps on the Early Access games. In fact, I quite despise them. They are normally plagued with things that would be considered bad even 10 years ago. Poor mechanics, dated graphics, to name a few. It's essentially playing games from back when they were first being developed and weren't refined. Amateurs making poorly thrown together messes that somehow make it to the front page. Despite all this, 7 Days To Die stands strong.This game has its flaws. To name a few:-It's buggy. You will randomly fall through the ground and fall endlessly. Fortunately a quick log out/log in will fix this without losing all your stuff. Trees won't fall over after you chop them unless you destroy the grass ""inside it"". Animals and zombies run in circles comically. Items will disappear out of your inventory or fall through the ground leaving you to wonder where the F they went.-It's not the best looking. Despite having been upgraded to the latest version of the Unity Engine, don't come into this game expecting Crysis 3 or Battlefield 1 visuals. It's somewhere between Left 4 Dead and Minecraft. The game is poorly optimized a this point, but with some graphical console commands can be made to run on even the worst hardware. To play this game on max settings you better have a beastly computer.Now that we've got that out of the way let's talk about why I am giving this game 10/10. It is fun, engaging, and a great way to hang out and enjoy time with friends. Combining the crafting of Minecraft, the fun shoot 'em up survival of Left 4 Dead, and tower defense, this game is chock full of stuff you can do to pass the time. Whether you are playing alone or with friends, just going out and exploring is fun and challenging, and with the random level generation the possibilities are endless.One thing that I have heard others say about this game is that the 7th day horde is a hindrance. That is ruins the game and doesn't allow you to travel and explore. That is not the case. It just forces you to plan ahead and adds to the intensity of the game. You can travel all the way from one side of the map to the other and back with no issues as long as you are prepared. Bring enough cobblestone, spikes, and a hatch with you to make a temporary ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; bunker, and you never have to get back to your ""base"" again. Get food and supplies on the fly. If the 7th day is a hindrance, you are playing the game wrong.All in all this game has huge potential. It's very fun, if you like stress. It's one of those kind of games that is as good as you make it to be. You will find stuff to do if you look for it and working with friends to make your way and survive is a blast.~JiX-"
,Recommended,251570,29228110,Posted: 13 January,all,Superials,"This game... My body aches when I don't play this.I played it solo for about 20 hours and loved it, things got stale quite quickly. Since then I've introduced my friend to it and the whole game has come back alive. Co-op is how this game should be played unless you want to burn out quickly.So this game... I love playing Minecraft and this game reminds of it strongly. Physics play a part in this game though. Hunger, thirst, and temperature are aspects you need to balance in the short day time (the days go fast)There are a still bugs (console controls drop down in some games, minibikes vanish)But overall I would give this game a solid 5/7"
,Recommended,251570,29434773,Posted: 22 January,all,KrysusKitten,"Break my leg daily running down steep hills. 10/10I love this game though - decent enough quality despite still being an alpha build (that being said - it's been in alpha for quite a long time, but it's still being updated so all is not in vain!), great to play with friends, it does have its bugs but they usually just make me laugh more than anything. I haven't come across any game breaking bugs as of yet. It's a game with a lot of potential and so long as they keep improving it I'll continue to love it."
76561198138041105,Recommended,251570,29363776,Posted: 19 January,all,hpayne1,"Oh my god. This is such a great game! tons of people online with anti-cheat servers, and the single player is great also. I love this game so much and have logged almost almost all of my gaming hours in the past 4 weeks on this game..... 10/10 would highly reccomend that you buy it and play it.The only thing that is still buggy with this game is the mini-bikes will occasioanlly do weird things, but other than that, I would say that this game is ready for release! Absolutely wonderful! Get this game! you will love it so much!"
76561198049684423,Recommended,251570,16079565,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Elliott,>Hid on Hospital Roof>Barricaded downstairs doors>900 Zombies spawn below>Trapped almost starving for 3 days>Building collapses>Broken leg>Zombies eat me9.4/10 -Not hiding in big buildings anymore.
76561198143108623,Recommended,251570,30208376,Posted: 26 February,all,Spooky Tactical Soviet Onion,"Now.... it's kinda a bit of an odd review but I do recommend this item, but I would wait a while unless you plan to play alone. Sadly an update (I have no ♥♥♥♥in clue as of which one did it) created a major issue for me and my friends. When we go online (Mainly on the 7th day) everyone except the host start to ""live in the past"" which is what we call major desync. I mean the host will see the ingame time as lets say, 2:35 but then the others will see 2:00, or even as far as 12:00. This means that what you see is all delayed by that amount of time, but the host who is on track sees all of what you do which you see in the past as present. I know confusing but its kinda simple if you see it. This is a major issue which we kinda solve but not really, hey maybe the devs will find a way to fix it but online for my friends and I is kinda buggy still. But still, a great growing game with an actual premise on fighting zombies in an open world, *COUGH* Day Z *COUGH* other games focus on PvP too much and only have one world. In this you can either play Navezgane a pre-generated map which will always be the same or be spoopy and generate a random world. I do like this game, decent mechanics, good graphics are possible (Mien comp. is potato) as well as some really intresting design choices and some funny bugs that occur sometimes. My overall score I would say is about 7.5/10. I like it but I suggest waitin a bit for the devs to resolve the desync bug. gg no re"
76561198039783022,Recommended,251570,15834201,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Keeli,My friends and I have an on going bet to see who can break their legs in the stupidest way. The current runner is simply jumping off a mattress. Still 10/10 would shatter femur all day.
,Recommended,251570,30228514,Posted: 27 February,all,Rairai,it k
76561198271181658,Recommended,251570,30232199,Posted: 27 February,all,poopfacemgee,this is a very good game.
76561198094848924,Recommended,251570,16262734,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,1touch,fun game
76561198104762966,Recommended,251570,28918546,Posted: 1 January,all,farbarx,absolutely addictive...
76561198353838719,Recommended,251570,28931124,Posted: 1 January,all,Techaeus,i love playing this game with my friends in co-op but the game kinda sucks when you play by yourself which is why im glade they have dedicated servers also i've never been much of a stickler for graphics but this game does have bad graphicsso if you have a problem with that then this isnt the game for youill give it a 8/10 and i recommend the game
76561198136183455,Recommended,251570,28620817,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BumpFuzzMaster,Brutally difficult but strangely good.
,Recommended,251570,28688684,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Seth,when i first got this game i thought i would automatically die on the 7th day
76561198118035409,Recommended,251570,16543987,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Exodus,"Day 15 rolls around..my partner and myself hear the familiar sound of an airdrop. Out of medical supplies and on the verge of starvation.. we needed this airdrop.the hunt began, and led us to the edge of the fallout biome..ya know the one where ya die for setting foot on it..air drop is literaally 4 steps in the death zone..We tried tunneling under the drop..XWe tried building a scafolding above the drop...XWe tried just running in and opening it..Xso close yet so far..last ditch effort was to shoot the box with our last remaining bullets in hopes of it breaking the box dropping lot..needless to say box broke, no drops, no bullets, no food no meds..10/10..but screw you air drop pilot...screw you."
76561198120285120,Recommended,251570,16463314,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Omnispoon,hello and welcome to the end of the worldstep 1 Dont diestep 2 run from zombie dogsstep 3 die from the zombies dogsstep 4 kill zombiesstep 5 realize you cant play and look up videosstep 6 realize zombie dogs are insanely crazey and spawn every wherestep 7 enjoy hours of game play with your friends or on single play making your way through the dificutly settings of the game now good luck and have funI rate this game 10 spoons out of 10
,Recommended,251570,16675112,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Squatting Кошка [=♥=],"Started the game, heard the noise from a Geiger counter, thought it's normal, started bleeding, died in 5s.Respawned with worsened stats, looted for 2min, ran into some zombies, assumed they don't have hive mind, killed one, 15 more came. One of them stunned me, others killed me.Respawned in some cold♥♥♥♥♥area, found nothing except small rocks. Assumed I can throw them to kill zombies, walked happily, took photos. A frozen zombie with a bear hat came at me, I flinged my stone merrily, he didn't even flinch. Found out you can throw harder, but small stone still does nothing. He killed me.10/10 will replay the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this"
,Recommended,251570,16671240,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Chungo Beepis,"Every second you waste reading this you are not building your mansion replete with trapdoors and spikes to keep the insufferable door to door saleman from peddling their rotting meat faces at you.This game is infinite, beautiful, Kenny Loggins voxel, rewarding, wonderfully supported and has a headerless linux build so you can run it as a server, you goshdarn nerd! ... and it comes with wonderful maintenance scripts to abstract away the horror unending that is managing somebody elses codenightmare.  You spectacular nerd.I love all the things about this game.  Steam stats still show it has a hearty community since release into Early Access  but when Alpha 12 drops, those stats will trebuchet out a chimney with your face attached. probably.You can play as a farmer. A sky farmer, if you so desire. Roof farming is hip.You can play as a gnomish builder. Build very high things, fall off them, laugh out loud (in REALZ!) at all your broken legs, you deserve it. Kill some 4legs, eat their meat, cook it first silly!  Make a stew! hoard the meat in a fridge you stole from dead people (classy apocalypse style).Make a hand canon. End the era of oppression at the hands of your one true natural enemy, apex predator Tree and his coniferous kinsmen.   You may also like to kill zombies. Tasty forbidden zombies. You may eat them, but do not!Because of the diverse nature of goodies you can craft (woop!) in the game and the miserly distribution mechanics (gah!)  you are forced (harrumph!) to trapse through the beautiful world (noooooooo) discovering these rare items then promptly squirelling them away back to your base mansion to add to a tiny shrine replete with candles and a nice painting for mood setting. Or you can build machine guns with them (yissssss).Once you're done building and collecting for a spell you can have friends over to visit! give them a tour of the place, offer them some food in the nice kitchen you've built, show them the nice view from your roof tower. Once they have commended you on your good work you must kill them in the face and steal their loot. This is how we do ""guest"" now that the world is different.They're introducing vehicles soon, so OHNOUDIDNTWOWS to that.Kill/Loot/Farm/Sleep/Repeat.  But better than any other Kill/Loot/Farm/Sleep/Repeat simulator like make minecraft but no r cube.Buy it, procrastinator!"
76561198103907953,Recommended,251570,18303021,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Babadook,The only early access game that is good
,Recommended,251570,23529161,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Master of the link,"This is by far the best game if you enjoy crafting, survival, and zombie games. I was afraid at first to buy a game in alpha but this one was definitely worth the $25 I spent I would say this game beats most $60 games. The crafting system works so well you do not have to have a web page in front of you to know how in the hell how to build something you can just search it in the crafting menu in the game. They have added so many features to the game such as minibikes for faster travel. They are always updating the game to better suit the players. They did a fantastic job and still are doing a great job!"
,Recommended,251570,18629833,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,๖Aeralius🐾 エ ア ラ,"I highly recommend this game! If you really love a realistic survival game, then this one could be for you. If you are up for a challenge, play it on hard. Or if you just want to relax and learn the game, just tick easy. I played 50 hours so far i wrote this. Alpha 14 was an AMAZING update. They belanced everything, so you wont ♥♥♥♥ up that easy. The grapics are litterly amazing! Ofcourse not the best, but i love the style. I recommend!"
,Recommended,251570,13247365,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dragonhead Gaming,I really enjoy playing this game. It can be hard to get started but once you do the survival rate becomes a little more eased and the game becomes more of a keep yourself healthy and alive vs a mad struggle to find food and shelter. haha I've enjoyed all the updates so far and look forward to seeing where this game ends up.
76561198173012279,Recommended,251570,19014812,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Siergiej Kutasior,Best survival game ever.I hit cactus.Spikes aren't get in my hand.11/10 gonna hit cactus again.
76561198058700045,Recommended,251570,17478363,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Maine Coon,Plantation Slave Simulator 2015
,Recommended,251570,17685772,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,tyronicals,"I couldn't decide on what to use as my shelter so I built a castle...Was a pretty badass castle until one day on my patrols I saw a suspicious looking hole in the side of it...I didn't know that zombies could break blocks...R.I.P Mr Piggy, gone but never forgotten"
,Recommended,251570,17457477,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Lausanna,"Day 22 - morningTravelling far from base in search of car and tool parts. Stumbled upon a small town with a pharmacy and a bookstore. Air drop arrived...no time to loot! Ran to the air drop, passing through another town surrounded by unscalable cliffs on two sides. Looted the supply crate, then watched as a house perched on the edge of the cliff crumbled and fell to the ground below. I decide to camp out here for a few days to collect supplies before returning to base.Day 23 - afternoonFound a way to the top of the cliff, checked out the view, then climbed back down. Ran around collecting rocks and iron fragments at the bottom before exploring the town. Fell into a cave before I got there. Decided to stay and gather more ore. Caused a cave in and died. Hauled a** 4km back to the cave to collect my tool belt.Day 24 - eveningSlipped down a steep hill and broke my leg moments from my destination. It's almost dark. My pack is lost underground and I can't find the entrance. I'm out of bullets. In a mad panic I gather up materials to make an ax and a bow. No feathers, no arrows. Not good. I run into town and hide in an attic, praying nothing notices me.Day 23 - dawnThrough the night I notice that sometime yesterday I was infected. When dawn breaks I down a beer and some painkillers before fleeing the attic with my ax and my unsplinted leg, a mob of undead locals in hot pursuit. I manage to to put enough distance between us to find some feathers and craft some arrows. They're still coming. I prepare to stand my ground, running towards a large rock that will give me a good view of the approaching zombies. I'm almost there when I fall into the cave again.Day 23 - nowThe cave-in has made it impossible to simply walk out, so I go deeper. I find my pack, finally, then head back to the entrance to start mining my way out. Zombies are falling into the cave around me, so I have to stop working and take care of them. My leg is still unsplinted and I have no idea how long I have before the infection kills me.I get back to digging.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,17758574,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,DeadBodyGhost,so addictive i cant stop playing!!!!!!!!
76561198117819455,Recommended,251570,17727976,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dartanion08,7DtD has a lot of potential and is pretty great for an Alpha build. There are some things that still need to be worked on and done (See Alpha build) but I can't imagine those things staying a problem and if they do persist they can be ignored and not take you out of the experience. I have recommended this game to many and will continue to do so. At least for the time being.
,Recommended,251570,18232679,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ekoro,ye
,Recommended,251570,8183689,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kazi_Momo,"This game is pretty damn awesome, i havent played alot but right now it is amazing. I really think this game is worth it."
,Recommended,251570,16716008,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ernie with an Occy,"good game, with great multiplayer"
76561198026360528,Recommended,251570,17944267,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,(Cdn)Phil,Having fun with this one.... I will say one thing I did not enjoy single player as much but multiplayer on a private server with people you know is a blast it's fun trying to figure out how to survive... and at first where the hell your friends are... once you find them it gets easier... unless of course you build your base wrong... or build it in the middle of a city....anyway 120 hrs in and I do really like this game
76561198052476626,Recommended,251570,16871602,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Fitzy,"It's been a while since my initial review.Currently should you buy this game?I've been playing ""early access"" for two years now though and to be honest until this update I was feeling pretty underwhelmed with progress and when the ""latest news"" on steam is an article entitled ""7 days still wasting it's potential"" it probably puts you off.I've been playing ""early access"" for two years now though and to be honest until this update I was feeling pretty underwhelmed with progress and I agree with a lot of what's in that article, that being said, It's still a lot of fun with a small group of friends and some of the bulding and landscaping that can be done is really impressive.I've 1700 hours in this game so far and I can say that I still have fun playing, some things have happened with the game that I might not agree with, such as the devs deciding to launch a♥♥♥♥♥♥console port with pc kickstarter money (I would assume) adding further to their workload.I am currently testing out an experimental A15 build, the new distance viewing in the game is a really awesome improvement, while the grpahics aren't what you would expect from a triple a title, if your an old school gamer like me then this doesn't matter, still some quite stunning scenery now rather than just running around in a haze bubble only seeing nearby.Traders are a great addition, Vending machine rentals let far flung communities in the game trade better.A lot of what annoys me about the game now though is what seems to be a developing trend to listen to folk who want to spend two hours in a game and have all the rewards, you know who I mean, if it's you who I am talking about then please, please, please, consider that these sorts of games aren't supposed to be quick fix 2 hour arcade games with an I win button, I like those too, but I don't want the game that need a bit of patience to be that way too.Sorry but these sorts of games aren't design for your needs, but folk go onto the game forums and complain about the most redundant bs there is and it get's attention, then a whole host of other stuff needs to be looked at because of ""berfs"" that cry babies have called for.Countless what seems needless changes and ""fixes"" to things that weren't broken to begin with only serve to slow things down.I enjoyed this game because it kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ it made you think outside the box with regards to play style, I did try to play it like an arcade combat game but when I first started out I was no where near prepared, I quickly learned to go around what zombies I could in order to get loot, lure them away or onto traps, use the terrain to my advantage, while I searched for hopefully a water jar or tin of food.Sadly the game has become far easier now and it's been ever since the Devs stopped saying to people that complained ""The game is supposed to be hard"" and started saying ""Ok we will change it, please tell your friends to buy the game""Whether they have become a bit greedy since their intial success or something else, I couldn't say but had it not been for a few of the changes, then I would probably have given up hope and come here to tell people to not bother.They've pulled a bit of respect back with the changes in A15 but I personally feel they should have at least got the pc version into Beta before porting to console, that's anyone who's funded the fun pimps time and money they are using to try and cash grab on consoles and when an in depth pc game gets ported to a console? that can only mean a dumbing down of the indepth pc game.It's a fun game and if you get it on sale or something, plus you're looking for a bit of a challenge and something different than a zombie arcade shooter, you should enjoy it."
76561198031524518,Recommended,251570,16875716,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,lobsterboy. Jr™,it crashes when you try to join the game but before i updated it was ok and i loved it. though it did crash alot it was still fun fending off the hords 8/10 if it worked but now its 0/10
76561198100407795,Recommended,251570,17327016,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,David,Really?! 50% off right after the day I brought it....Still a decent game though....
,Recommended,251570,17417270,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,The not so Wisewolf,Collapsed a tower on my freinds devastating our fortress as the zombies assailed us 11/10
76561198070285647,Recommended,251570,16703539,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Karl Franz,My inpresion about this game is:-you can eat books 9/11-Better then MCFSwould eat again
,Recommended,251570,17374971,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Marsupiosam,10/10 minecraft with good graphic and nice combat !Good job guys i love that game thank you !
76561198090184756,Recommended,251570,17353359,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ruusunen,"Very different than other zombiegames, in a good way.Zombies are really dangerous, avoid them at all cost, at least for first few hours.--------edit.This.Game.Is.Awesome."
76561198144416576,Recommended,251570,17195217,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TryTooHard CSGOEgg.com,epic game you need to try it dude or girl
,Recommended,251570,17507627,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Shadow Crimson,"Fan of survival games? RPGS? first person shooters? hunting? crafting? or even building? This game is for you.It combines all these together in a way that even if you're only a fan of one of thse, you'll still enjoy it.I have not personally put that many hours into the game yet, but I've been watching gameplay videos of it since the earliest stages of the game.It's one of the best Early Access games out there, bringing new features constantly and updating the game every couple of months, the game feels more fresh in every Alpha update.The Zombies are memorable, you'll see hordes pass by you alot, but they're avoidable, there are zombie dogs and even acid exploding cop zombies, you better watch out for those!The only flaws in the game are things you'd see in every game that is in Alpha stage, however, the devs never use the execuse ""it's in alpha"" and instead fix bugs that would normally be there until the actual bug fix stage comes out , beta.The game offers ways to have fun if you ever get bored of the normal surviving, including the increase of difficulty (normally , the default difficulty is really hard at the start) and designing/building a big house, or just exploring the huge randomly generated map).There are so many features in the game that just make it all around worth every penny, and there are still many more to come.TL;DR: If you're considering buying the game, JUST DO IT."
76561198124771313,Recommended,251570,17626845,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,deadreth,"i played the game for an hour or two sense it came out. enjoyed it then, enjoy it now. recomended? hell yeah, fun to play with friends if their not tottal asshats like mine. :P"
,Recommended,251570,17595290,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Death's Grasp,"So Minecraft somehow ends up going to jail, starts bench pressing 700 pounds, and gets released with a hardcore mentality.... THERE IS NO LOVE, THERE IS NO EMPATHY IN REALITY! 7 Days to Die teaches you that in a very frustrating but rewarding experience.Pros:- Plenty of content- Very active developers rolling out updates frequently- Unique biomes each with different twist and resources- Great to play with friendsCons:- Poor optimization and bugs (But keep in mind the game is in Alpha)Verdict: If your not afraid of a learning curve, dying alot, and ending up giving up your personal life dedicated to a life of virtual survival then this game is the perfect game for you."
76561198145463828,Recommended,251570,20204892,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,忽而此夏,I'm always find my motorbike....
76561197994659119,Recommended,251570,29504763,Posted: 26 January,all,ChewyChops,1. This game will take over your life2. This game will make you hate dogs and screaming witches!THE END
,Recommended,251570,30246346,Posted: 28 February,all,React,"I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys playing open world survival horror games.  This game reminds me of Minecraft, which I used to play for few months.  But I got bored quickly.  You can craft, build, hunt, destroy, plant, train, and do whatever you want.  You can literally build or destroy anything in this world.  The best part is you can level up your character and spend your skill points to improve specific areas of your skills.  You can choose to be better at melee combat, gun fighter, or skilled builder.  But in general, the game is not easy.  It does not hold your hands and teach you step by step what you need to do to survive.  For instance, you can loot a bunch of stuffs from empty houses, buildings, or dead zombies, but you may not have a single clue how those items are being used.  You need to figure that out yourself.   Also, when your character is at level 1, it is extremely difficult to kill one zombie.  You need to train yourself to kill, hunt, and build.  It is hard and time consuming work with no tutorials.  Maybe that may be the reason why this game was rated at low score.  But once you learn how the game works, this game can get very addictive."
,Recommended,251570,30251293,Posted: 28 February,all,Zombie Ferret,"Checked it out, played it a bit, it's a nice game. Would recommend."
,Recommended,251570,30053705,Posted: 20 February,all,Lord Death,"I love this game, the devs are doing a wonderful job in making this the best zombie survival game I have ever played, I would recommened this game to anyone who loves a good survival game."
76561197960784243,Recommended,251570,30197300,Posted: 26 February,all,rasheverak,Minecraft meets Day Z.  It combines my favorite elements of both games into one package.  This is a game for people who love both shooters and creative building games.
76561198062999067,Recommended,251570,29337299,Posted: 18 January,all,angelofdeath,"the develpers have really gotten this game to a good state of playability. of all the early access games that include the survival genre that i play, this is probably one of the best yet. unlike others where it seems difficult at first then gets really easy, this one gets more difficult as it gets easier. you start off having to scavenge everything you see and then finish off living off of food you make for yourself and then scavenge and mine your resources in larger quantities. there are lots of things to craft to help survive the hordes and the zombies make for a great enemy. love the idea of the 7 day horde and they have different zombies with different loot tables, health, and abilities.there are constantly updates, the developers listen to their players and fix the broken and things that seem to be a little to unforgiving making this a great game. cant wait for it to leave the alpha stage"
,Recommended,251570,30501068,Posted: 13 March,all,napoleonthunder,"Absoultely amazing game, especially if you have a group to play with."
,Recommended,251570,13190377,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MaYheM4MaSSeS,I've been playing since alpha 1 and the game just keeps getting better and better.
,Recommended,251570,14133985,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TOG | Duma,What a hoot and a half! great fun with friends. Cross between DayZ and Minecraft this truely is. great Dev involvement and for a early Access game it's quite playable and a hell of a lot of fun! Ability to run your own server with Friends is just brilliant. Highly recommended! Looking forward to future updates.
,Recommended,251570,13813003,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DeFt7,Minecraft+Rust+DayZ = 7 days to die+Devs seem to be on point with steady stream of updates unlike some other games *cough* dayZ *cough*+Night time is not a joke.+Random zombie hoards+♥♥♥♥♥♥ Zombiescould list some things i want added but im confident dev's know what they are doing.10/10
76561198059888193,Recommended,251570,15548920,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,trisaratops,"Run, eat, drink, find shelter, build stuff. And kill zombies. It's a lot of fun"
,Recommended,251570,14041612,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HeZeus,"Spawned in a desert, ran 5 minutes to an arctic wasteland, found myself 1 minute later in a sunny forest then ended up punching 2 undead dogs to death whilst kiting around giant hornets. Last thing I remember was punching a red barrel, killing myself and everything else around me. 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,15484751,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,BIRYANI,8/8 would get rekt by a zombie dog again.
76561198133818741,Recommended,251570,14893756,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,NuclearLemons,"Shut Up And Take My Money, Again and Again"
,Recommended,251570,15536583,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Trimstain,I am terrible at this game but its still so much fun!
,Recommended,251570,15735950,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,EggNogHog,Best game i'v played need people to play it with add me on steam
,Recommended,251570,15749383,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,☭The Liability☭,"You will spend hours building a base, only to get ripped apart by a dog.11/10 dog OP nerf plz lel"
76561198032530571,Recommended,251570,14328829,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Snafu,went into a barn and it exploded10/10
76561198094422956,Recommended,251570,13529765,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Botcroft,"My very first experience-Made my character, bigfoot arms, enormous head, IMMENSE nose, white mohawk, white beard, solid black skin, creepy eyes.-Spawn in junkingdom wasteland-Punched the living sh*t out of a zombie cheerleader-Gathering cinder blocks-Realizing I am ""hunted""-Run around gathering cinder blocks with zombies making hordes behind me but walking too slow-Find a warehouse-It's full of zombies-See a dog-Dog attacks-Run-Find snow-Naked ice anorexic zombie Elsa attacks-Punched it in the balls multiple times and killed it-braindead lumberjack appears-decide to run-find a couple of houses and a million zombies-Sun is going down-Rush towards the door-Door is locked-It gets dark-I am gangbanged by a bunch of cheerleaders (yay), some lumberjacks and some fat zombies-I lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥and somehow escape after glitching about-Find an open door-Enter house-Close door-Zombie ""Kill Bill"" Lumberjack somehow manages to squeeze through door.-Poke him multiple times on the head with a shovel-Crouch and see I'm still being hunted (duh)-Naked frozen black elsa is visible from broken parts of the door-Get into kitchen-Pray-Look at the fridge-Fridge is empty-Get back to the living room.-Hear the zombies outside breaking in-Actually feel scared-Accept my fate-The two doors break down simultaneously and I get gangbanged by a horde of fat dudes, lumberjacks and Elsas.-My character screams one last time as he is being brutally molested by zombies.10/10 Would get sexually molested by frozen lumberjacks again."
76561198066165239,Recommended,251570,13186682,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Douglas Bader,<('-'<) HHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251570,15765544,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ya Boy Plank,"I know im a bit l8 but, its a gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8-IGN"
76561198095975934,Recommended,251570,13165620,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,🔥( ^ω^ ) SRGC ( ^ω^ )🔥,this game is a very enjoyable game but i think you should add more settings for people with bad computers.#me and i love it and have been recomending this game to so many people.Very well done and good bye.
76561198083548617,Recommended,251570,13803365,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,maniacmenace,"This game is awesome. Like DayZ, but it actually works. This game is fun and challenging by yourself or with a group of friends. This game incorporates the concepts of a fun zombie survival game and the crafting and fully destructable world of minecraft. It has few bugs which are hardly noticable. This game has great developers that are making the game better all the time. There are multiple types of enemy AI from projectile spewing zombies to zombie dogs. These enemy AI are challenging but are not overpowered. You have to always hunt for food to keep alive and have to find parts of a gun to build it. This makes the game more fun and always gives you something to do. This game is great and is definetely worth the price!"
76561198035786734,Recommended,251570,15075315,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,k_s_printz (Turk),"Truly awesome game, the best indie game I've ever played, and it's still in Alpha.FunPimps are doing a remarkable job at continuing to refine and update content.The game keeps getting better and better.Dev's do a fantastic job of comunicating with players, they really do pay attention to player feedback.It's probably the best survival/zombie game I've ever played, and as I mentioned previously, it's still in Alpha."
,Recommended,251570,13454550,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tsukikou,Great Game a friend of mine died while walking through the cactus came back and got killed by cactus jr.
,Recommended,251570,13118705,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Challenger,"If you play this with friends, it is entertaining. For those who wish to know how it will play out, it is like minecraft but harder.  Enemies are found night and day plus physics has been added so those unrealistic things you could do in minecraft are no longer an option. Basically put, this game is for those who like crafting and surviving the against the zombies."
,Recommended,251570,27742776,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vile,Great game but still has a few bugs and could still add in so much more. If you wanna play this game get ready to lose anyoutside life you may have had.
76561198319107714,Recommended,251570,27761045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tech,"I love this game, But you need to fix the launcher or if someone can help me with this cause so far I havent seen a solution. And the anti cheat stuff to. Please I love this game."
,Recommended,251570,28081093,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ozzyberto,"In short: I can't get enough of this game. TFP are making this into a truly scary and enthralling survival experience.A few tips for the beginners out there:- The quickest, safest place is a second or third floor with broken stairs.- Whenever you're outside and not running around, crouch. You can immediately tell if a zombie is hunting you or if you're safe for the time being.- If you find yourself out in the open at night, crouch and don't move 'til dawn. If a zombie comes at you, fight it, don't run. Punch it to death if necessary.- As often as possible eat meat and drink tea. Get that wellness up.- If you dig a mine, dig diagonally. This way, once deep enough, even if you are heard from the surface zombies, they won't know how to get to you.I started playing at alpha 11 single player. I died too many times. I very much liked the gameplay so I when got really frustrated I lowered the zombie spawn rate to keep playing. I'm so glad I did. As I got better at killing them, I slowly raised it back to normal and now I'm confident (and skilled) enough to go out at night even if it means fighting a wandering horde.For the people considering buying this game:* There's crafting, but instead of memorizing tens or hundreds of recipes, you get a nice list menu where you can see what items are needed, and also if you still need to learn the recipe or if you need to use something else to craft (campfire, workbench, etc).* There's physics-based base building, no floating blocks or infinite suspended bridges here. It features an upgrade progression system where you can start by placing a wood wall and upgrade it using the right tool and materials from your inventory all the way up to steel.* While hand-to-hand combat is awkward at this point, I only do that when fighting one or two zombies max. Any other situation I use my bow/crossbow/gun (which is most of the time). Also, you can throw rocks to distract zombies.* You will get hungry/thirsty and hot/cold, this depends on your activity and biome. They are even linked, such as if you get too hot for a while, you will get dehydrated faster.* NPC traders, where you can get some really good stuff or sell your own.* Good guns are unusual and hard to get a hold of, but that's also kind of the point here. This is a survival crafting game. Not CS: Zombies.All in all, I'd say this is an 8.5/10. I can't wait to see what comes in the next update!"
76561198016426909,Recommended,251570,28075070,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RedBull21=VX9=,Games like this make me hungry.
76561198347840697,Recommended,251570,28012880,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SuperMeat28,If you have some extra money lying around this game is definately worth the purchase.
76561198058455624,Recommended,251570,28034695,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Blackskull,This game isnt for the gamer that wants something easy and I love it because of that.Been with it since early alpha and I play every new verison ! If you love crafting and killing zombies it cant be beat.Looking forward to beta so my game dosent get wiped every few months
,Recommended,251570,26966712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ancalagon,"Super addicting, I've put way more hours into this game than I should have but it's been very fun. Buy it!"
76561197997240493,Recommended,251570,27574075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Foohundred,Quite addicted so far :)
76561198072810666,Recommended,251570,27220789,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dooderdude10,Addictied The MInute I Started10/10 Awesome Game!!!!
76561198354710743,Recommended,251570,29248320,Posted: 14 January,all,DoPeFiSh,"very well made, but it's been in alpha too long. well I think it's been in alpha!?"
76561198126762679,Recommended,251570,30340595,Posted: 5 March,all,NotAShadyBoi,This game is very fun! I play it with my friends and overall a very good experience.
76561198049909384,Recommended,251570,28921356,Posted: 1 January,all,SpartaChris,"Incredibly enjoyable with friends still fun on its own, it needs more polishing but the premise is solid and the gameplay is enjoyable5/7 not enough water"
,Recommended,251570,28956211,Posted: 2 January,all,Irish,amazing to play with friends
,Recommended,251570,28941325,Posted: 2 January,all,Tomilly,One of the best zombie games out there.
76561198078549063,Recommended,251570,28865410,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ASwedishBong,"7 days to die is a survival game with zombies. and I intend to tell both bad and good things about the game.Pros:-The games survival mekanisk are really good.-the zombie models look quite nice.-the weapons system works very nice, you can see this with the bow. If you walk to the right a bit the bow will wobble to the left and the arrow will curve to the right.-looting system is nice.-You can easily mod the game to your liking, both in menu and in the files.-The game runs well (tested with a laptop from 2000 20 fps ish on lowest, then a 3 ghz cpu with a 400 mhz GPU and i got straight 60 fps with lowest)-A ton of ways to defend your base and reinfoce itCons:-the AI isn't that great-Pvp is bad-No real big tutorial, only a tutorial quest in the the start of every world.-odd world generation, you will find a lot of hills. most of the time the towns make so the hills get cut in half.Hope you found this review helpful, if you have any question just ask them and i'll try to answer them as good as I can."
,Recommended,251570,26647277,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hericium,More updates and recipes needed but great game.
76561198185079193,Recommended,251570,26733423,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SalamanderByte,"Brilliant game if you have hours of your life to throw away either scavenging, crafting, building or demolishing. Also if you like to cave the heads of undead ♥♥♥♥♥♥s in/using a bone shiv to shank the living ♥♥♥♥ out of a pig's♥♥♥♥♥♥Not a brilliant game if you've actually got a life which you actually feel obligated to live.Single player is great.Multiplayer is greaterer.(Unless you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ system, then you won't be able to run these last gen graphics for some reason).All in all though 69/10 for making me emit a noise similar to that of a man with his balls clamped in a vice at a digital corpse as it dropped out of the ♥♥♥♥ing ceiling at me and laugh like a maniac as I came back for round two with a sledgehammer.My only suggestables/complaints are:- it would be nice if the footsteps were a little louder. Zombies quite frequently creep up on you if they don't make a noise/you aren't paying attention.- a hit counter or something for when you're attacking an enemy, there isn't one, so you don't quite know how hard you're hitting with most weapons.- Better sorting of skills/crafting options, it's quite the cluster♥♥♥♥ of things to look at when you dive into either the inventory or skills list, you'll find yourself searching for things quite frequently.- the dogs can all go to hell"
76561198161618115,Recommended,251570,26608593,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BingityBongity,By day 48 I had a thriving fortress with all kinds of weapons and for the first time in ages a slight feeling of not being sure what to do with my game timeThen the game got sick of my♥♥♥♥♥♥and sent a pack of ferals after me 10/10 still shaking hours later
,Recommended,251570,26873403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SirMcKeon,"An outstanding game, it makes most other zombie survival games look bad. In an age where graphics seem to be more important than gameplay and content, this game breaks the mold and still manages to look nice, and its not even finished yet.10/10 would lose a weekend to this game again."
,Recommended,251570,28730111,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Beast.Exit,"First review ever on Steam. I 100% recommend this game and I applaud the developers for all their hard work. They are very open with the community about releases and the roadmap, which is refreshing. Even without any mods or content updates, I could get lost in the game for hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,251570,28287761,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,geppsi,awsome game if you like minecraft like zoimbie apoclypes game then this a game is for you
76561198127317911,Recommended,251570,28731943,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✮GAZUOTASKEFYRAS✮,the best survival sanbox game out there this is like if Dayz ♥♥♥♥ed Minecraft and there kid would be 7 days to die very good game recomended 10/10
76561198062610440,Recommended,251570,28919891,Posted: 1 January,all,thisisrealytricky,"good game, continues to get better. everything destructible. voxel. zombie survival. crafting.looting.hunting."
,Recommended,251570,28811055,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Leeham,"7 Days to Die is a compelling crafting game set in a zombie infested world. Currently there is almost nothing in terms of storyline (at the time of writing), however just attempting to survive and the crafting elements make it quite addictive.There's not an overt amount of grinding for resources and the speed at which you level and progress is quite balanced. It is however, fairly difficult to survive and travel too far at lower levels. The difficulty parameters are fairly numerous though and can be altered to taste.When the story is implented I feel this game could take on a whole new atmosphere.The graphics are fair for a game of this size (the worlds are quite vast and varied) however quite basic, certainly in the melee combat and zombie mechanics, particularly over uneven terrain.The biggest problem I've had so far however is with clipping and disappearing surfaces and textures. It is unlikely but I have had one occasion of an essentially game-breaking bug where my character vanished into the nether and, due to the game's autosave feature everything was lost and required a restart from the very beginning.Hopefully the bugs are improved upon, possibly the graphics slightly improved as the storyline is implented before development has finalised. Otherwise, I would recommended this game if you're a fan of open-world crafting games and zombies!"
76561197983745988,Recommended,251570,28818620,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,pooper_wizardry,fun game glad im supporting this alpha product in its infantcy.
,Recommended,251570,28675332,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gamerboy2197,"Short Review: Buy the damn game, you won't regret it.Long review: I'm a relatively new gamer not having a decent PC I can only play a few games on my Laptop computer, this being one of them. The replayability on this game is unimaginable where you can easily spend 1000+ hour on single player with innumerous crafting, exploring and scavenging extravaganza, not to mention playing and building with friends. Crafting evolves and you can constantly create and upgrade new stuff even after investing a long time in a single  playthrough.The only con I find is after a a few horde nights you get tired of running back to your bunker every night in time after scavenging but that too is solved by a minibike :)"
,Recommended,251570,28684405,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,theawesomegem,Pretty good game and get's updated pretty frequently. In-depth crafting system and skill progression system makes it really addictive. However the combat needs a bit more work. Guns seems pretty weak and useless and doesn't feel all that good. It's a must buy on this deal. Best survival game out there.
,Recommended,251570,28133633,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,hellsvien,"Get this game!!!This game is the best. It has graphics that are on par with GTA5, and has the building options that surpass Minecraft.This game features real physics for building, so forget that floating house.You're challenged with weather survival, thirst, food, health, diet survival... You start off with nothing and you have to work your way up from a dirty cave man to a fully fledged survivor with electronics.You can choose to play as the Middle Ages, or try your luck at returning to modern age.Combat hunger by searching for food, or growing and hunting your own.Combat thirst by melting snow in jars, or collecting murky water then boiling it...or you can drink from the river and get the runs.Combat the weather by wearing the right clothing, or taking shelter when it's raining/snowing.Combat health by not getting attacked, or jumping off high places.Combat poor diet by eating freshly cooked meat and vegetables like a real hero.Graphics: Beautiful 4/5.Gameplay: The best 5/5.Interface: Good 3/5.Features: OVERLOADED 10/5.Updates: Average 2/5.This game is in ALPHA 15 stage and has a lot more coming."
76561198005923558,Recommended,251570,28073298,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mav5rick2978,"As of writing this, over 700 hours.Pro:  Fantastic developer support and communicationPro:  Great solo or with friends (never played pvp so I can't judge that)Pro:  Regular updates which breathe new life into gamePro:  Completely alterable world with customizable menu setupCon:  Minor graphical issues which don't affect gameplay other than being noticeable"
,Recommended,251570,28017210,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Exec,"7 days to die, what can I say. I was in a lull between games and some guild mates were on teamspeak talking while playing a game. Intrigues I asked what they were playing, and for some reason I already had the game in my Library (maybe a humble deal?). I had no clue what I was getting into, the interface wasn't great, was buggy in places, just getting connected to the server they were playing on felt like a chore. Graphically the game looked dated, like another minecraft clone. I died a few times just trying to get to where they were. Finally I hooked up with them at a cabin they found and were fortifying, with some basic weapons and basic gear, the 7th day hit. I had no idea what was going on, were were on the roof, but one of the team members didnt break the ladder we used to get on the roof... he died 1st and then they came for us (me and my other friend) we lasted about 30 seconds and died on the roof that night. I respawned many kilometers from that house, didnt put a bed roll down, got chased and I logged out. I should have stopped there, counted my losses and moved on. Now i have over 500 hours logged, nearing the 700th day in game, and I cant stop playing. There is so much to do, and playing with many people has been great, I cant compare to other sandbox games, as I am new to the genre, but the level of things to do in the game is huge and expansive. I can't wait to watch and experiance the continued development of this game."
76561198083787811,Recommended,251570,28049174,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,npandreas,"Recommended very fun game best played with friends or other players, but if you like solo that works also"
76561198037987755,Recommended,251570,28324696,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,iCare. Roshmeck,"Time for a review I belive, considering the amount of time I've put into this game.I do not remember exactly when I got this game, but during those first hours it was punishing. It was poor looking. You could practically see the chunks loading and really poor distance drawing. Fast forward to alpha 15... Punishing, yes. It is still punishing in the start. I'm just happy I'm no longer a new player, considering the amount of times I would have died. :DConsidering the graphics, alot has changed. To the better of course. Distance drawing took a great leap forward, where I can see the outline of the terrain from miles away now. Lovely, just lovely. Buildings start drawing a tad too close still, but I can acctually live with that.When it comes to the gameplay, more fun now than at the start. I'm getting more and more invested as time goes by. During the progress of the alphas there has been some moments where I didn't find it fun. Especially the ""break-a-leg"" period. Sad and hilarious at the same time. Thankfully that has been fixed, so you no longer break your legs by just going down a gentle slope, or jumping out of water.Updates... Well, it is rather slow now. But considering the amount of things the devs are planning and putting in when there is a major update I can acctually live with that. As long as the development is moving forward. And it is moving forward. The latest improvements with the graphics and such is good in itself. But the drawbridge and catwalks? Oh yes, that was some lovely addition to the game. The changes made to how the spikes work? I love it. Even the change between alpha 15 too 15.1 was great. A small balance thing that made life a whole lot easier. Instead of having to repair the spikes every single step to just once, with a big increase in materials needed instead. So yes, the devs do look into what works and what does not work and change the mechanics accordingly.Some things that still bug me though is how the minibikes work. They are always locked in the horizontal plane and do not follow the terrain. Same thing with cars and such you find. I understand that it is due how the blocks work, but still a tad annoying. I wouldn't call it gamebreaking but it do take some from the immersion. Structural integrity is also abit weird at times. Alot of guessworking on what will work and what will not, especially on high buildings. And then we have the zombies reacting to spikes. They tend to bug out in a jumping animation when they get to spikes. Looks a tad silly and would be a great improvement if that could be fixed.Another thing would be the texture bug when mining at around -43meters. Having to hit stone just below just to get the texture bug to reset is also annoying.Overall though, I must recommend this game. Especially if you can find a few friends to play with on a server. The amount of things you can do, the ever timeconsuming search for certain materials (read brass) and how only your imagination set the limits on how you build your safe base, really shows a game with great promise. It is fun as it is, but with the development going forward as it do there are great things coming in the future.tl;dr: Get the game and whack some zombie skulls!"
,Recommended,251570,28480930,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MaC,Really good game!!!We need Chinese!!!We need Chinese!!!We need Chinese!!!We need Chinese!!!We need Chinese!!!We need Chinese!!!We need Chinese!!!Even the Traditional Chinese!!!我们需要中文!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,251570,28794468,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bitch Lasagna,"Got this game for the wife and I, and we've only set it down to work and travel for the holidays.Get it while its cheap"
76561198080972938,Recommended,251570,28338481,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,derpmeister96,"This game is amazing.  I bought it about 3 months ago, and have had absolutely no regrets.  A very fun and challenging game, and so many different options for how you want to go about fending off the hoards!  I have 90 hours on record at the moment, and look forward to many more!  This is my most played game, and with good reason!  Graphics are pretty good, and there are updates often as the developers are constantly working to improve gameplay and add new and exciting content to the game!"
76561198031654264,Recommended,251570,26827126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Patouski,"Just a quick - very biased - but honest review.I first got the game... in a shameful way (if you're a gamer, you know what that means XD).  It was Alpha 4, it was blocky, incomplete, zombie-filled... HEAVEN!  I played a few hours and decided to shell out the very low cost for what has become my most played game.It's Minecraft on steroids; with Zombies and strong survival mechanics.  It may have started blocky and with bad hitboxes, glitchy structural integrity mechanics and an incomplete world / story, but it's grown into a solid contender in the Survival Horror category.It is now in Alpha 15 and the game keeps getting updated, at a reasonable pace considering the size of the team and it has changed and evolved by leaps and bounds in the 2 years it's been in Early Access.  The Dev team is very active and open / accessible to the community.This game offers solid crafting and base-building mechanics, with realistic structural integrity as well as a fully destroyable voxel-based world.  You can either play a random generated world or the ""soon to have a story"" Navezgane map, which both offer very different gameplay options and the replayability is very real.The survival aspect is now getting more complex with every major update, with more and more environmental buffs / debuffs; a wellness (HP / Stam) system that is affected by several factors such as environmental debuffing; combat debuff; food quality and death.The skill system got overhauled recently, making it more complete and giving you a sense of achievement whenever you reach a milestone, rather than simply being able to do just everything from the get-go, you now have to unlock certain crafting recipes through books and / or skills combined.As for the Zombies.  The FPS aspect of the game has gotten much better over the updates, despite still suffering slightly from Alpha ""un-optimization"", it has come around from being unable to fight a single zombie next to a wall without hitting said wall 99.9% of the time, to being able to fight off dynamically randomized feral hordes on every 7th night (hence the game's name).Despite having no Workshop support, modding and modders are quite real and able to make this game even better.  The ease with which even the less-than-geek player can modify his game and gameplay through editing of .xml files, makes this game unique in itself.  You hate getting stunned? Mod it out!  You're not a Dog Lover? Mod it out! You want to be the very best... like no one ever was?  Euh... there's no Pokémon here, sorry.  Well, not yet.  XDNow, my review scores (did I say it was going to be a short one? Oops!):Graphics: Unity-based, still getting refined and optimized. Some glitches, graphics options still somewhat limited but getting there.Score: 7.5/10Gameplay: Still plagued by latency issues online, but decently solid in Singleplayer, with little truly gamebreaking bugs (it is Early Access still though, so they may happen).Score: 8.5/10Survival / Zombie aspects:  Strong, and getting stronger survival mechanics.  Skill-based system still getting refined as the game evolves.  Decent selection of Zombies for a good variety of challenges, mostly early-game, but needs more ""meat"" for late-game.Score: 7.5/10Crafting / Base-Building:  More complex mechanics getting worked on such as Generators for electricity and very realistic structural integrity mechanics already in place.  Strong variety of items and blocks to build with; making for an unlimited and very imagination-friendly building system - and there's more coming in every update!Score: 8.5/10Multiplayer aspect: Still being optimized graphically, the netcode is still to be worked on; it wasn't design as an MMO / MP game to begin with, but it has the strongest replayability value in MP - especially with random generated maps on a decent public server or privately owned servers.  Playing with friends... there's nothing like it when facing several levels of randomly spawned feral hordes.  Hilarity and Rage quitting can happen - be warned.  ;)Score: 8.5/10Final words:The game isn't perfect.  I find myself ♥♥♥♥♥ing at it sometimes, but obviously The Fun Pimps did something good, as I racked up well over 2100 hours on Steam and shelled the well-deserved and very affordable 20$ (CDN) at the time for a game that simply keeps getting better.  It may not be your cup of tea, but if you do play - do not hesitate to give it a chance - do not judge after only 10 minutes, or even less than an hour - because this game grows on you."
76561198086238113,Recommended,251570,30022771,Posted: 18 February,all,somejapanesekid,"This is an amazing survival game. The only con would be the graphics, but other than that I would highly recommend. The contruction and character development are spot on. Being able to mine underground and to plant trees is fantastic, planting crops too. The environment is challenging, zombies are great, the nights are short but just right in my opinion. A very well done game, with some work needed for graphics and some minor gameplay tweaking."
76561198003087849,Recommended,251570,26099014,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Wrong Way,"Ever woken up early in the morning with the sun barely visible but its warmth is beginning to paint the sky many different hues?But there is still a cold fog making it difficult to see anything in front of you and the dark black and grey of branches creaking ever so slightly as a gust of wind blows gently nudging at the back of your mind, activating your alertness keying in your primitive fear and making you a little anxious.As you walk futher to find your vehicle you make out the form of a fellow human slowly walking in your direction, something feels off and your breath becomes a little more shallow as your fight or flight response begins to activate. Its cold enough that your breath keeps misting in front of you further obscuring your view.This person appears even more off as you get closer and the low moans from him make you think that he may be in distress but it feels wrong, the eerie cold of the fog seeping into your bones with obscured vision make you less helpful and brave and more like a scared rabbit, but you should see if hes alright... right? Thats the humane thing to do?This person notices you, their attention focused on you, his movements less ragged and now purposeful as he begins to move towards you, growling, screaming in guttural rage... this isn't right, this isn't safe... I have nothing to defend myself, this person is moving faster in my direction.. I see his clothes are ragged, bloodied, torn.. flesh is missing... this isn't a  person... my body is freezing in this weather, my bones ache... oh god I need to run...I run over a hill, my breath hard in my lungs, I look back and see I outpaced that thing, looking forward I see a house.. the lights are on, the thing behind me has lost interest but I am out of shape and begin to walk, thank god it wasn't faster. I see movement within the house, the fog has lifted a little but it still so cold I shiver or is it out of the loss of adrenaline from running from that monster.As I walk up the stairs, the floor creaks, and I  step on some trash making noise.. I hear a moan from inside but something is wrong... the front door is busted up, split and wreaked, there is more wood on the floor around then there normally should be for a door, the windows are haphazzardly boarded up..I enter cautiously, look around slowly.. I can't see anything.. the candle in the room doesn't illuminate enough of the area and from what I can see this house is a mess, what happened here?First a growl, then a scream.. its a woman, shes on me.. where did she come from!! My head is spinning as she hit me in the head, oh god is that blood? I swing back ineffectively, it has not slowed her assault now there is a man and through my blurred vision I can see both of these ""people"" are like the other man... my heart races as they assualt me, my swings do nothing to slow them...I feel almost at peace as I fall to the ground.. is this the real life? Is this over.. my vision fades, my body shifts and rocks as I feel them eating and ripping my flesh but it doesn't bother me....... the fear ebbs... the light fades........ I wake up, naked.. freezing.... early in the afternoon the sun barely visible but its warmth is beginning to paint the sky many different hues?The ambiance is amazing, the weather effects are wonderful. The game has gone through many iterations to reach the level it is now. The dev's have worked hard to bring this game to this level over the years and it shows. The npc models have improved, the gameplay is enjoyable. Nothing feels better then becoming good at a skill through continued practice and using a bow/arrow to remove a zombies head in a single shot.Its not a guarenteed headshot removal everytime and that makes the game fun. You have the right amount of risk vs reward and a great balance of work vs fun/play.The zombies during the day are as expected, slow and singleminded when they see you. At night they are tougher, faster and stronger.You will face hordes, at first small but they will grow over time and will depend on how much 'heat' is in the area. By 'heat'  the dev's built in this feature: The more activity in an area the more likely and larger/dangerous of a horde that will arrive.Hordes come in all sizes, variants of zombies and are damn scaryier at night.If you are good, you will survive hiding at night without dying once. I promise that by the 7th night your odds go down! and every 7 nights thereafter.The beginning tutorial is good for helping a new player understand basic mechanics, specifically on understanding craffting and  materials.There are multiple play modes: Single, local host and server. You can play by yourself, even offline in Single. In local host you host a server and can invite trusted friends to play with you and on Server you can have a dedicated server you play on or have your own pay service server.Not everything is top of the line graphics or play etc but its how everything comes together here that makes this game fun, enjoyable and tons of replayability.I am a zombie fan and love zombie games even more and besides the deadrising series this game is that survival horror/FPS crafting game that is hours of fun."
,Recommended,251570,26555815,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Humphry Bear,This is a really good game. It's downfall used to be the bad graphics and visual quality. Alpha 15 said no to that and now it looks amazing. A++ 88/8
,Recommended,251570,29608438,Posted: 31 January,all,sheen,"Really good game. However it's more fun/easier with friends than single. But still all around fun game, nice graphics and maps, and cool servers= 9/10 game"
76561198172595250,Recommended,251570,14613647,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,hacker bonso,Fun to play with your crew or friends! Solo you'll die and get bored fast. Worth 25$ for sure : ) !
76561197971888840,Recommended,251570,14463243,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zandjar,"No more pickaxe when mining. Finally managed to sort out the suff to make dynamite.So the dynamite is in the proper spot, whack it ones with the torch and then legg it out.Nothing...Give it another whack.Still nothing.Why wont (whack)This stupid (whack)Dyna... BOOOOM...Respawning in 3... 2.......Most excellent!!!!UPDATE 29/8-16...We've been running from the Z's for awile now. There's still some bugs to work out. Building a wood block that you can upgrade all the way to concrete and not replacing it, was not one of the better moves by the devs. Minibike = awesome, if they'd added a golfcart for more than one survivor to be able to travel = more awesome. But a golfcart, as a full game seems to be just a dream. Devs posted on the 20th of June that the next update were a few weeks out. Now two months later the devs seems to be more interested in consoles than us poor survivors on PC.Besides falling through the game map and floating in some brownish space forever at times, I'd still recommend 7D2D!! It's a great game, where you can burry your mates in a pile of rubble using only a rocket launcher, or quickly lock the door with them and the Z's on the outside while you go and get some stew.Fun Pimps, please come back!!!"
,Recommended,251570,13820378,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[SnL] Fallen Angel,"Let's face it..    The gaming world is full of two bit zombie hacks and so-called sandbox games.This is not one of those games.FIrst and foremost, you should probably know that the game has been and is continuing to develop, and the makers have upgraded features and resolved bugs.   It isn't dead in the water or slowing down, and it looks to continue right on to a full release.    Little chance of a burn from a developer deciding to stop working.The first time you play it you will inevitably run around and try to survive like it's another FPS shooter with zombies, and you'll die of dysentry or starvation.   Or both.   Once the ""newness"" of it wears off, you'll realize that the only way you will make it past those mythical seven days is to build...     THE ULTIMATE FORTRESS!Fast forward a few hours and you'll probably have a nice little wooden shack built up with some punji stick flowerbeds and feeling pretty much like you're living the dream.   That's right about the time the game will introduce you to the concept of a horde of zombie who have a penchant for tearing down anything that makes noise or sounds vaguely like you.Ahead of you is several tiers of building levels, complete with multiple stage buildings and reinforcing.   Sprinkle in a few traps and a will and desire to have a zombie free farm of growing food.   Then you will want to start exploring the world to find the things you don't have yet or haven't seen yet.    When you finally hit the point where you feel like you've explored the game pretty thoroughly, it's time to invite some friends or go online and find some new ones and you've got yet a whole new experience.If you enjoy games involving open worlds, building and crafting, resource gathering, you will find it here.If you enjoy games involving overwhelming odds, limited ammunition and guns, and having an extremely challenging fight to survive in a first person setting against zombies, you will also find it here.In the currently cluttered world of sandbox zombie survival, this is one of the few games that delivers a great time and has a promising future ahead of it."
76561198110879823,Recommended,251570,14063141,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The-Forsaken,"I saw a nice looking dog and walked over to pet it...It bit me, so I punched it to death, walked 10 minutes and died of blood loss.Don't pet the wildlife... that is all.9/10"
76561198140733546,Recommended,251570,14384387,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,villep,Good fun and excellent replayability. Can be really challenging if you want it.
76561198097827507,Recommended,251570,25564572,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Deez tings,"A15 - most perfect game ever, in history of mankind! Fully distructible, fully moddable, zombie apocalypse....You can get lost playing this for hours and hours even though I presume not even 40% of planned content is currently in.Head dev is a ♥♥♥♥ing genius who listens to player feedback and acts accordingly. Major thumbs up."
76561198061058786,Recommended,251570,12232651,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Lubricated Thimble,"Great game, has sniper rifles. Some people say this game straight up sucks. Anyone who says this game sucks, is just awful at this game.The crafting is perfect.The day/night cycle is fully customizable.So are supply drop rates.This early access game has aspects that other early access games lack. Like sniper rifles."
76561198004639974,Recommended,251570,25569802,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Good Job Joe Job,"10/10 very fine game, would recommend.best survival crafting game on my opinion"
,Recommended,251570,12260817,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sobasofly,Best survival game I have played. Plus regular updates make this game shine.
76561198049476104,Recommended,251570,12456213,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,derpyumbreon,tried hitting my freind with a can threw at his face and it made a sound as if his face was dirtDarude-canstorm 666/10
76561198107101783,Recommended,251570,11853924,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Munchies,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Try is one of the best ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulation game that's out there! It's very challenging, as you have to find the seven acient babylonian♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥relics that are in the world and relief them of their loads. + you can share them up with your friends in multiplayer."
,Recommended,251570,11295427,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Darkyte,An awesome game with incredible physics.
,Recommended,251570,31040090,Posted: 9 April,all,☼TwinSlider☼,Great game but just really un optimised. Struggle to get 60fps have a gtx 770 2 GB vram and that’s over the recommended. I have 12 GB of ram and a amd fx4300 overclocked to 4.30GHz and windows 7 ultimate 64bit   . Really don’t understand why I get such low fps but great game though.I wish they would add cars and optimize the game more.as i said  really great game to play with friends :)
,Recommended,251570,11233981,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,« C H Σ M »,"The game is coming along great. I really love the regular updates, it's really heading towards something awesome, and is already endless hours of in depth progression and zombie killing :)Final Verdict: Buy It!Score: 8 / 10-@ChemDiesel"
76561198087350508,Recommended,251570,29636028,Posted: 1 February,all,DuckyHawk19,"very fun to play with friends, can get a little tedious at times but is perfectly balanced on difficulty (not too hard but challenging), also it is getting love and attention from the developers. This game is a must have if your friends have it."
76561198110847998,Recommended,251570,13918089,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sweatervest,"yes i do recommend this game but i would like for them to do some bug fixes and also make sme more guns into the game, cars that you can make, and a easier way to make a pickaxe or shovel when you first start playing this game"
,Recommended,251570,13687226,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Slim Goon,Game is fantastic. gameplay is great and so is the feel if the gamehighly recomend this game....
,Recommended,251570,13255026,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TnuocEht,"Dayz+Minecraft= Guaranteed money, and something about the bread being sliced."
,Recommended,251570,13444931,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Philae,"258 hrs and still going strong. It has its moments, and glitches, especially right after a patch. but they are definitely worked on steadily and these things happen. Great game, excited to see where it goes next."
,Recommended,251570,16213950,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Terror_Byte,HOLY SHIIIIT THIS IS AMAZINGEXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT IT RUNS LIKE SHIIIIIIIT
76561198022809948,Recommended,251570,27741300,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lamenth,"This game is great. Its a very enjoyable balance of survival / action / crafting. I have played this game fora  year now and they keep improving the game. It has changed for the better each and every step of the way. This is the perfect example of a game that is ACTUALLY using its incoming funding to improve the game.  I highly recommend it for anyone, singleplayer, co-op, open world pvp survival, you pick the way you want to play to best suit your playstyle."
76561198012741886,Recommended,251570,28128102,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,whoners,Love this game! if it had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would finger tickle it! 100/10 Would let it bust on my back if it were a person!
,Recommended,251570,26111423,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,cantrell5150,"I love this game, have bought it for 5 other pepole, and I play with my girlfriend occasionally. 100% recommend."
76561198261804716,Recommended,251570,27194898,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NuniCucumber 🐹,"Very fun game, play a lot with buddies and it helps for some funny moments. Strongly recommend for those who love survival games!"
,Recommended,251570,28089867,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Brixbong559,Great game for alpha. Needs a few improvements but not thing to major.
,Recommended,251570,28200162,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,amrree,"Just survived my first ever Zombie-horde-hunt-yo’♥♥♥♥♥down-fest. All the more entertaining considering I didn’t know it was even a thing in this game. It’s a thing. I was hold up in the upper part of the barn in the farm with no idea what was about to hit me.  And it hit me it did, it hit me like a bad stepchild! 5am in my bedroom in my stripy jammies absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself. I love this game!"
,Recommended,251570,28935633,Posted: 2 January,all,Born to Die,"Классичессая аркада от третьего лица, выглядит очень даже неплохо, физика игры не соответствует 2016 году, однако за минимальную графику разработчики требуют минимальные требования, делая игру более доступной. Купил чисто из-за френдс пака, если играть с друзьями, игра очень даже ничего, время летит быстро. Спасибо разработчикам, которые не закинули игру,  добавляют новые бесплатные длс-шки, однако порой там попадается хлам. В целом поставлю 6/10."
76561198039337672,Recommended,251570,26208045,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Charzin,"Interesting solo, kind of claustrophobic alone though. Great fun progressing with friends, we fortified a base and kept it rocking and rolling for ingame weeks at a time. Some slight Multiplayer bugs, but nothing crazy. I do have two major problems with the game that I hope they'll fix. Despite the issues I'm about to write about below, I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good coop experience. The first time exploring a Police HQ with your friend is a wonderfully chilling time.1) The 7th day hordes get to a point of being rather unreasonable.We were playing on the 50-something-ith day, and the horde just didn't stop coming at us. We killed and killed and all of our spike traps broke and eventually they were pounding through the concrete walls. At this point it was back to broad daylight so we had to just kind of abandon our home. We left for about a day and came back and the endless stream of baddies had finally stopped. But what it led to us doing is just taking minibikes and leaving on each bloodmoon because there was no way to effectively fight the endless stream of enemies, so the best thing to do was just to leave.2) Lack of endgame content.This is one that I think will be easy to fix, as we're already seeing bits of it in the levelling menu and the quests, but once you've all got guns and minibikes... There just isn't much else to do. We never found all the right stuff to make an Auger but outside of that we basically did everything and there wasn't much point in building up more or scavenging more. It would be great to have more quests to go rescue NPCs, have an NPC settlement start up, fight bigger or badder boss enemies, world-changing events like helicopter/plane crashes, earthquakes... Stuff like that to add endgame content.Also, minor issue but the characters all look lame."
76561198063457813,Recommended,251570,27865553,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doodledoop420,Amazing game with good core mechanics and is constantly being updated by devs 10/10
,Recommended,251570,27899658,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gOAt,8/8 would D8
,Recommended,251570,25883905,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Calvin,"Great building/survival game.Might stay in Alpha forever, but any of the Alpha updates might just as well be a full game so its fine.Play it with the girlfriend, and she loves it too."
,Recommended,251570,25868286,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,OverLean,"its been in development for a looooong time. updates come bi yearly but when they come they are huge. yes its been in development forever but if they quit now this game as is, is worh more than the asking price."
76561198164230194,Recommended,251570,30000469,Posted: 17 February,all,Alpha,Wonderful game up the good work!!
76561198121325999,Recommended,251570,14228695,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,J-Dog,7 DAYS 2 DIE IS AWSOME
76561198058300323,Recommended,251570,31300820,Posted: 22 April,all,Westicles,"Highly addicting, this game is amazing despite still being in alpha and having a lot of issues. Doesn't stop me from playing it non-stop though, cant wait to see where this game goes in the future!"
76561198355301603,Recommended,251570,31240923,Posted: 19 April,all,GT84Maestro,this is a fantastic game. if you like zombies well 7DTD is just what you need to have in your game list to play. the better your player gets the harder the horde becomes every 7 days :-). having to make creative bases to hold off the zombie hordes and having the go out all the time to hunt for food or even grow your own when ur getting more stable in the game helps so much and the map on standard give you the best starting block to get to hold what the game has to offer then you can step up the hardness and even have random gen map to get you in that hunting mood to try and survive.
76561198028547477,Recommended,251570,28156219,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bankipriel,"The most fun I've had gaming this year.Exploration, crafting, and building are A++. Combat is intuitive, challenging, and (if you enjoyed Skyrim style fighting) quite enjoyable.Character leveling is fast, but full of tough choices. There are a ton of skills (leveld by using) and perks (purchased with points gained by leveling). There are lots of ways to gain an edge in the early game for a focused strategy. And you will need a strategy, because ...Every seven days, an increasingly terrifying horde of feral zombies attacks, and there is no escape. It doesn't matter how well I think I've prepared, or even how well I survived the last horde. Every time the blood moon rises, and the eerie musics sounds, I grow anxious, waiting for the inevitable ...I have barely scratched the surface of the incredibly detailed core map/world, Navezgane County, AZ. It's balanced, full of places to explore, and has all the biomes (desert, forest, plain, burned land, alpine meadow, snowy mountain).The random generated maps are where I think the real single player challenge lies. The maps are huge, and there is no guarantee of finding what you need to survive. All my best laid plans in my first randome-gnen game came to nothing, when I had to swim across a small sea, traverse a burning forest, to finally reach a bombed city as night fell ... as I ran out of water ... as I desperately searched for a single ****ing pot to boil water in ... as the zombies began to stir all around me in the dark ... as I began to die of thirst, hiding in a ruined grocery store.Navezgane, and the random worlds, are full of things to do, and crazy challenges to overcome.If you've ever wanted to test your knowledge and hypothetical Z-apocalypes survival skills, this RPG-tower defense-FPS hybrid is a ton of fun.And this review is only for the single player. I have yet to attempt a multiplayer game, but for my money, even if this game was only single player, it's worth it. If you've got a group of friends to play with/against, you'd be crazy not to."
,Recommended,251570,31246961,Posted: 19 April,all,N̷҉e̢͠vú,"Glitch world traps are the best traps, also a very fun game with other people"
76561198033051719,Recommended,251570,29549021,Posted: 28 January,all,crosbonz,been playing since the very begining .love this game played  many hours and find new things and ideas every time i play
,Recommended,251570,29571232,Posted: 29 January,all,NiLs der NoOb,nice game
,Recommended,251570,29658473,Posted: 2 February,all,TheMerchant,"One of my favorite zombie games, i've spent way to long playing this game recently."
76561198062561949,Recommended,251570,29473147,Posted: 24 January,all,cirillios,Good to play alone. Great game with friends. It's in alpha and I've spent more time playing it than a lot of AAA titles.
76561197967710696,Recommended,251570,27939297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MisterCrow,"Found a human turd in a toilet. 10/10 for realism!Seriously though, this is hands down THE best survival game I've ever played. Unlike other sandbox games, you actually have a reason to build / fortify a base because you need to keep a zombie horde out every 7 days, which gets progressively harder as you level up.7D2D is like DayZ meets vanilla Minecraft (so if you like those games, you'll almost certainly like this too), but with a much greater emphasis on survival and more:- challenging enemies- looting- crafting recipes- respectable graphics and sound- difficulty settings- atmosphere"
,Recommended,251570,27293126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyrewarlord,"A15 added alot to the game, More mining, more farming, Trading, ect... the list goes on, if you haven't picked it up, grab some friends and brave the hoard."
,Recommended,251570,28851991,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dr.Bear,The best survival zombie game ever. crafting system really amazing!! buy this folks
,Recommended,251570,29072066,Posted: 6 January,all,Nekomancer,I find this to be a very fun game if you have friends to play it with
76561198120335678,Recommended,251570,14469041,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Captain Zerker,"this is a very good survival game, set in a in a unkown palce, fighting to survive, and live as long as possible with options you can change to play the game your way."
,Recommended,251570,31332556,Posted: 23 April,all,Green Boi hellcase.com,THIS GAME IS AWSOMEPros-Motor Bikes-Easy Crafting-Good Day and Night system-Good Ai-Easy to fine Houses/Cities-Lots Of Loot-Good Fun with FriendsCons-some times lag-Dont Trust anyone
76561198203071260,Recommended,251570,31325353,Posted: 23 April,all,The_Happy_Turnip,its good
76561198109934705,Recommended,251570,31329562,Posted: 23 April,all,OIL-CAN-DAN,"Very similar to minecraft, and so different in other ways. Would reccomend"
,Recommended,251570,27302767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,opsedar,"A Unique Zombie Apocalypse Survival ExperienceThis is not a game, its a life death experience.Pros:Can be played on SP and also MPOptimized at its best for an EA title (60-100fps on a GTX970 with High settings)Zombies are actuallyterrifying, not like any other Zombie games I've played (various type of zombies too)Zombies AI and pathfinding are suprisingly well done, they willhuntyou downCrafting system feels decently complete & balanced both for new players or veteranLooting & exploring are fun and worthwhile as it feels highly rewardingEXP system is also fair and balance as it rewards character progression with new and learnable stuffsBase Building mechanics are quite similar to Minecraft(voxel-based)as every buildable stuffs occupie one block which allows tons of customizationMusic and ambiance design are decent and suits the overall theme of the survival horror genreGame's moddable and also customizable which allows players to experience a new playthrough of the game (TryValMod)Great devs & wonderful communityCons:Lack of official dedicated servers, fortunately lots of dedicated people who are willing to host 'emGraphics & Animations can still be improved (As for now, it kinda look likeFallout 3)Sound effects are quite repetitive and can become prominent unneccessarily at timesConsists of little amount of bugs and exploitations can be done as well (item duplication)Current UI for Alpha 15 is kinda boring and too similar to other survival games out there, legacy one is more uniqueNo steam workshop integration to seamlessly use modsWARNING:This game is extremely addicting, it may give you an unhealthy lifestyle to carry on with..Being in the EA market, FunPimps is good, I played lots of survival games (Rust/H1Z1/Miscreated/Unturned/DST), this is hands down the best one I've played so far both alone & with friends. I gotta say, give it a go. With the price tag, it just simply can't go wrong."
76561198169864887,Recommended,251570,31026640,Posted: 8 April,all,chubtastic,"I have played this game for a while as you can see from my hours, I love the game, but that being said its taking so long to release any updates for it. I play other ""alpha"" stage games that get a update at least once a month. 7 Days takes a lot longer for updates, But there is a lot to do here and it never gets old, Dont like your base? leave and build a new one, dont like the locals, move and find new neighbors. The online aspect is really fun, I rent a server so I can play with other friends which allows for so much more. If you have a lower end system dont expect this to run well at all though, Ive got all my settings to low and on the horde night I still lag a lot. Ive also noticed when it comes to reloading your weapons it can be almost instant or it can take upto 10 seconds, if you have multiple zombies chasing you instant or 10 seconds can be a long time. I do suggest any fan of zombie/crafting/open world games give this one a try but wait till it is on sale, I got my copy for $8 and dont regret the game for that price, any higher and I would have been mad. If you play online dig a secret tunnel to another players base and line it with oil barrels then go back to your base and blow the oil up, then when the blast hits there base enjoy the fun."
76561198120447771,Recommended,251570,25740685,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Spoons,at least i know my girlfirend is in the game.
76561197996107696,Recommended,251570,26936268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Haz-turrets,"I'm enjoying this game, even playing with one friend. It keeps making me want to explore whether day or night, and losing track of real time. I love building a hideout too. I've died a lot already, but skills leveling so I can survive better. Found a pve server so I only have to worry about zombies, not players killing me in my sleep. Once we can set up a great base, we won't have to log out during the red moon...  ;)"
,Recommended,251570,27790034,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ptnkjke,Вот уже на протяжении нескольких лет игра становится всё лучше и лучше. А идеи у разработчиков не иссякают.
76561198036281014,Recommended,251570,28013410,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Trey,"great gamefairly deep crafting and construction system, decent skills system, can be unforgivingsingleplayer is great, but as always its much better with friends"
,Recommended,251570,12061819,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Halfaren,"Having only started playing the game a couple months ago, I have tried my best to test each patch and try each new addition.Loving every update, and with each patch brings a better game.If you enjoy sandbox / survival games, definitely try this!Looking forward to the next update"
76561198009842327,Recommended,251570,31341064,Posted: 24 April,all,chochod47,"My husband is out to sea, so I've not been able to play recently. The reason why you may ask? I'm chicken ****!!! I refuse to play alone. Or with someone I can trust. Very few glitches. The bookbag sometimes disappears upon death (if lost while in water) I've been playing, swimming on the surface and drowned. Never understood why? Never happened again. **ck a house, use a store as your begining base! I can't wait until I can play this again. I give this a A+."
,Recommended,251570,13278776,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Unicornsweetbottom,So far it's great  suprised its an early access game would recommend it to anyone
,Recommended,251570,27432889,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,❤ BLINK 💜,Nice game!
76561198086711834,Recommended,251570,13495904,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,michaelkidd667,Crafting and open world zombie game whats not to like.
,Recommended,251570,26296855,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MudDerg,Fun game takes some time to learn :D
76561198145682689,Not Recommended,251570,15327113,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ChallangeAccepted,I don't think the game its worth is money!
,Recommended,251570,23748540,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,That Guy Mitch,Very very fun game to play with friends! I dont like da zombie dogs they are to scary for me /:
,Recommended,251570,27828164,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dugory,Awesome game!
76561198071957710,Recommended,251570,11275122,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Crion,"First TLDR: Buy it, Kill zombies, Build a base, Fight people, Grow a farm, Cower in your base at night, have a blast!Okay let's start with the basics:It's a hybrid Survival/Building/Crafting game. There are zombies. Playing with freinds makes all the difference for me and it is really easy to host your own server and invite them to your game. Procedural/Random worlds will be coming out fairly soon. And yes base building is a lot like minecraft, there I said it.I really like this game as-is even though it's still only in Alpha. Scavenging and surviving are fun and there are many options to raise or lower the difficulty based on your personal preference.Zombies can either be a minor nuisance or a major threat if you adjust your settings. They will chew through your base if you don't set it up right and this makes the base bulding challenging and rewarding. I hate the zombie dogs but love blasting them in the yapper with my shotgun.You have to keep some level of structural integrity to your buildings but you don't need to be an architect to build a solid base. That being said there are some similarities to minecraft in the blocky building style, crafting grid, and farming. So if you like that stuff, it's done well in 7DTD. I know they are working on tweaking and improving most of these systems.The game looks a lot better now that they have smoothed out the blocky terrain and I've heard that the graphics may get another overhaul nearer to the full release. It already looks pretty good.Guns make a satisfying weighty sound and the stealth/noise/smell mechanics adds a lot to the depth of the game.That being said there are still several bugs in the game and the developers are still working on major features of the game such as character leveling/skills/customization which are not implemented yet.I think it's a lot of fun and have already got many hours of entertainment out of it. If you're excited about it get it now! If you're on the fence I'd say get it when it's on sale, but still definitely check it out. If you don't like zombies, or minecraft, or survival games, or fun, then don't buy it because... wait why are you reading this review?!?!Plus I mean... come on... They're gonna add zombie bears"
,Recommended,251570,31427301,Posted: 28 April,all,DatBoiIsSoMLG hellcase.com,it could be better the module are kinda bad but it could be fun whit some friend
76561198354165901,Recommended,251570,30970046,Posted: 5 April,all,cole.a.k164194,"7 days to die is an excellent choice if you want a large variety of maps (good random gen and multiplayer servers) and biomes. 7 days has a nice crafting system with a amazing base building mechanic as well (you cant make a floating heaven fortress but you can make one on the ground) it is perfect for those who enjoy open world single player or multiplayer, and fret not the developers are always creating new updates to keep the game looking nice and clean and not too hard or easy.basicly this game is well worth it's price"
,Recommended,251570,31604081,Posted: 7 May,all,Valkyrie,"Game is super awesome. It sucks the devs cant get development churned out faster or on schedule, but i am seldom able to wring out this much play-ability in a title."
76561198036022472,Recommended,251570,14056122,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Darth Bagel,"Gameplay has been improved overall with the release of 10.4. It's amazing what people have done with this game, though it is in an unfinished state. For me, the goal of the game is to conquer Central City! Alpha 11 will only make it even better. I wouldn't wait, get the game now."
76561198125178291,Recommended,251570,12208279,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cpt. Mittens,"This game is really good fun with friends but by yourself it can be fun in a holy **** im gunna die from these zombies breaking down my little hut.Lots to craftLots to exploreLots to createi strongly recomend playing with friends, if not it can be a little dry and boringWorth the money, good game."
76561198021117148,Recommended,251570,25568421,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Omulet,Great game but needs more content like more recipies or more farm plants etc
,Recommended,251570,31465323,Posted: 30 April,all,Ash314,"Its like Dayz, Rust, and Minecraft had a baby"
76561198018975342,Recommended,251570,12861975,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Grimm`Reaper,the best game i playd god damm
,Recommended,251570,29983087,Posted: 17 February,all,UNIVERSE,its ok i gues
76561197985585155,Recommended,251570,11967375,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Johno69R,"Wow after recently replaying this game I was quite impressed with the amount of improvements. I have been having quite a lot of fun playing with my brother. The graphics have been overhauled which I think is great, the game behaves less glitchy and is more realistic. Now I've had time to play the game for a little while I have begun to appreciate its crafting system, had time to go scavenging and hunting. I've realised there is more depth than I thought.However some of the game textures are still terrible, the animations seem robot like and syncronised. There are no misssions or npc's or any other goals to the game which seems like a lost oppurtunity to me. I look forward to future updates and improvements. Even though this game isnt finished Id put it the 7-8/10 area. Fun if you like crafting, scavenging, killing undead zombies and occasionally your brother!"
,Recommended,251570,31545012,Posted: 4 May,all,The Quantum Monarch,"I have payed about 19hrs so far I can say this much about it. While the game isn't something you should really play on your own, it is something I personally would recomend highly to a group of coordinated friends because that is where the game shines the most. I am a huge graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, very rarely will I play a game that does not have decent graphics, this game makes me forget about graphics. You have to remember it is early access and the mechanics and the RPG aspect of the game, along player cutomiztion, is really great and I can not wait till the Dev team releases this game in Beta state. As a PC Elitist though, I would not recomend playing this game on console (or any game for that matter) and this game is no exception to that. The resolution on console is terrible and the FPS rate is just unbareble. Pair that with ugly graphics and the game is unplayable in that sense. I does need optimiztion though I GTX 1080 sli and 6600k with 16gb of 2400mhz of RAM, and i can't even max out LOD without falling below 60. At the settings I play at though I have almost everything on max, gamma sits at 80%, and I only get 70 FPS solid and 45 FPS solid when on the motor cycle, not even GTA Online has that much of a frame difference and i max everything and still maintain 110FPS on foot and around 75FPS when in a moving Vhicle. All that aside this game, In my opinion, is like Space Engineers. When SE was in Alpha it looked horiible, even my Friend could run it. Now it looks much much better and he can't run it. I hope that with the money the Dev team gets from people buying it early access, they can do something with this. It also needs Nvidia 3D Vision Support and Physx couldn't hurt, infact it would benifit the game adding more gore to it. Just look at KF2."
,Recommended,251570,9093465,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Krispity Krunch,"Horrendously laggy if you dont have a top of the line pc, still fun though"
,Recommended,251570,8077622,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Indirect_Hero,"Well what caught my attention was the fact that we have a game similar to minecraft but with bit better graphics and RPG element!  I was so looking forward to try out the skill tree and the cooking portion on the early access since it was shown in the advertisement video, but to my surprising the skill tree is not up and the cooking feature is also not implanted.  Hopefully they would get those out in the next patches.I like the concept but for a game over 30 dollars is a bit not worth it in my opinion.  Maybe a year or so with an upgraded graphics, game-play upgraded and bugs all cleared up then this lump of coal will turn into a diamond!Review Update:  Sept 6, 2016Since my last review on Dec 17, 2013, I gave it a thumbs down.  After playing it some time again, I noticed many improvements had gone through this game and I must say...it is extremely well put!  They pretty much fixed everything that I had complained in my last review.  Graphics been improved, blocks are no more minecraft style and Zombies AI improved dramatically.  I like the side quests and cooking system.  The best part in my opinion that outshine it all is the RPG element!  I love it when my construction skills go up when I am working on my home.  Not only that, but the more I craft tools, the better my crafting tools stats goes up.  So it gives me a feeling of gratitude to power level in the game and see the difference in my hours of hard labor.  When I compare my first tool the level 1 stone axe to my final stage of level 600 stone axe, it is a huge difference!  The building blocks and crafting system looks awesome and simple.  So right now on this day...Sept 6, 2016...I'll take back my thumbs down and give this instead a two thumbs up!  Well done Pimps!  A major improvement from my last gameplay and I am pleasantly surprised that this game is still in the early access game!  I wonder how much better this game can get :DThis game is worth it if you enjoy games like Rust and Minecraft, but what makes this special is the RPG element with loads of contents."
76561198254525267,Recommended,251570,30743769,Posted: 25 March,all,MYcatisSUPERfat,i just loved 7 days to die a lot better then rust or dayz love this game
,Recommended,251570,31704926,Posted: 12 May,all,The Alpha Male,"constant heart attacks cuz my buddy feels like sneaking up on me at night randomly smacking me...not sure whats worse, that or them damn dogs...10/10 even with the damn dogs..."
,Recommended,251570,31696622,Posted: 11 May,all,Fefneir,"Very Enjoyable game, you can play multiple timeson different maps or go for the long haul with a multitude of options. Do wish the world size for random gen maps was an option because standardly they are enourmous. The scavanging and crafting defintly keep you busy for ages to come let alone the hoards of zombies to interupt you."
76561198058998907,Recommended,251570,31705286,Posted: 12 May,all,Doomsdaycomes,Great game but animations are pretty bad and game has serious stutter problems
76561198074416179,Recommended,251570,31705932,Posted: 12 May,all,dragontamer,"Amazing game. You will die, but don't let that bother you. Keep exploring, tons of exciting stuffs."
,Recommended,251570,31712392,Posted: 12 May,all,Hungry Writer,Its fun Not much for the public games. But with Friends yeah a good time.
,Recommended,251570,27994756,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JamesStarr,"I love this game with every ounce of my being, the perfect zombie survival game to date in my opinion"
76561198064753111,Recommended,251570,31642107,Posted: 9 May,all,Nr1 bike repairator,"it could be better and i hope they will fix some things that makes the game more simpler. and also they need to fix the zombies because they are not smart enough, you can just go to the top floor and they wont figure out how to use the stairs, they will just destroy the stairs so they cant get up. but otherwise its a really good survival game that i have played a lot and enjoyed a lot."
,Recommended,251570,31603373,Posted: 7 May,all,Smitten4u,prefer the game here on steam than on ps4 due to the amount and frequency of the updates. loving it
76561198089873386,Recommended,251570,13290145,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,NewportNy1990,The time ive put in the game should say enough about it. Fantastic game itll keep ya on ur toes!
76561198081602200,Recommended,251570,31667966,Posted: 10 May,all,Ace,"fug the water, it gave me cancer"
,Recommended,251570,31188114,Posted: 16 April,all,Cookie,Quality classics
76561198351116846,Recommended,251570,28671577,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zaznia,Awesome game. Had a lot of fun playing it with friends.
76561197961047139,Recommended,251570,30324147,Posted: 4 March,all,Diggzy,amazing game  had many hours of game play on here with my wife we both love it even though its still in alpha its a ever progressing game and well worth the money!
76561197969534890,Recommended,251570,30324025,Posted: 4 March,all,astainless,Over 600 hours into this game and looking forward to Alpha 16's major update. Best money I ever spent on a game. It requires you to think outside the box a bit if you want to survive. Where else are you going to get hoards of zombies and be able to build a base anywhere on or in anything. From a dinky log cabin to an underground fortress this game it well worth the money and will only be getting better.
,Recommended,251570,29553137,Posted: 28 January,all,LINZHE,我们需要中文!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198047980848,Recommended,251570,27633614,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mishoka,"This game tries to take the best of every survival sand box game and rpj .The building ahh some will say its a direct ripoff of the minecraft's system but you have to pay attention to the physics in this game because the blocks dont float they have weight .You can see alot of ideas from Fallout (some of them are in progress).They have to work a little more on the AI system. Sometimes zombies can hit you miles away, yes, it sucks but its alpha game..At this stage the game has some bugs but if you play with friends you can have alot of fun .My biggest complain are the DOGS THEY ARE BROKEN and OP AFBuy it on sale you wont regret it if you are fan of the survival genre"
76561198058337162,Recommended,251570,30336972,Posted: 5 March,all,THOT B GONE,"I decided to play until night 7 before writing a review, because I figured that the game is called ""7 days to die"" for a reason. I'll be chronicalling my experience with the game and the defenses I designed, so if you don't want to read all that crap just skip to the end of the review. Otherwise, enjoy.To sum it up, you have an initial 7 days to build a base complete with fortifications to stave off a mega horde that appears on the night of the Red Moon (or blood moon) which rises every 7 nights. All the zombies in the Red Moon Horde are fast and dangerous, so building up defenses is imperative if you want to survive.I spawned many times, died many times too before I could even get to the 7th day, but eventually I wised up and started playing within my own limits. The Bow and Arrow is probably the best early game weapon available until you find a gun. It's easy to build, and if you can aim a headshot you can dispatch most Zed in one hit. I suggest building one as soon as you can if you want to get far. Melee combat is simply too risky, especially if you are fighting dogs or other fast enemies, but I digress.I established myself on a flat part of the desert near a camp that I later disassembled for materials. I built a very small wooden house with a bed and storage box, then proceeded to dig ditches 3 blocks and 2 blocks wide approximately 3 meter from my house. I lined the inner edges with gravel and topped the gravel with barbed wire, then inside the ditch near the rim I placed log spikes for extra damage. Inside of the ditch parameter I dug a ditch that was 1 block deep, 2 blocks wide, and 6 blocks long which I filled with log spikes. I placed these ditches on the left, right, and back side of my house leaving the front of the inner courtyard somewhat exposed. More on that later.Approximately 3 meters from the first ditch I began digging more ditches. Each ditch was 3 blocks deep and 1 block wide, and every 2 blocks I would leave as a small path so the Zed could cross (part of the plan I assure you). Each path was a 2x2 land bridge that I filled in with wooden spikes. I then dug larger 3x3 holes that were 4 blocks deep in between the land bridges to perhaps catch stragglers. My intention was for the outermost parameter to act as a buffer zone, trapping or slowing the horde and potentially lowering their numbers before they reached the inner ditch. In between the two ditches I dug similar 1x2x6 ditches that I filled with log spikes to do even more damage and further thin the horde.I then placed explosive barrels in between the land bridges. My intention was to funnel the undead and kill them en masse with the explosive barrels being detonated by carefully aimed shots from a pistol that I had found with a full magazine.All of my preparations were done with very scarce resources since my fortress was built in the middle of the desert and I had to travel very far to reach trees that were ample with wood. I had to manage both time, food, and supplies while also fighting off roaming undead and making sure to pay regular visits to the nearby river to cool off in the desert heat, since despite not wearing any clothes save for a cloth hat I was almost always burning hot in the baking sun of the plains.On the fateful night that the Red Moon arose over the horizon, as lightning flashed all around me, I prepared the last of my defenses. Wooden spikes and barbed wire surrounding my entire house, even going so far as to cover the walls in barbed wire, and next to that, another 1x1 trench dug around the entire house right next to the foundation was filled with log spikes, then surrounded itself with barbed wire fencing and wooden spikes, with more wooden spikes being placed blocking the only opening in the parameter. The horde came, and I sat atop my house that was 4 blocks high.This was, obviously, where things took a very bad turn for the absolute worst. Apparently the zed are smarter than I anticipated, as nearly all of them simply dodged all of my defensive traps and made for the weakest part of my wall, the opening that I blocked. None of them fell in the deep holes that I had dug, and they all came from separate directions in very small number, but very quickly. Absolutely none of them fell into the drap ditches, nor did they bother with the walls I had erected, nor the barbed wire or wooden spikes. The only thing they broke were the wooden spikes that I used to temporarily seal the front exit. They broke through them rather easily. I couldn't fire a single bullet when one of them darted up my 4 block high house and started attacking me.What's the point in even building defenses if the zed will just run right around them? They're suppose to be mindless man-eating animalistic savages. They aren't suppose to think about dodging traps and defenses and pits. I was sadly very disappointed. It was such a fun game. Building the fortress was the best part, yet it was all for not as my carefully planned out traps, pits, and hazards were completely averted by every single Zed.///////////////////SHORT REVIEW HERE\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\It's a really fun game, with really good core mechanics. The kind of game that you could spend hours on either alone or with friends building epic bases and headshotting fat zombified cops as they helplessly waddle towards you.The crafting menu is one of the best I've ever seen. you can seemlessly access recipes by clicking on certain ingredients, which will show you only the things that the specific ingredient is used in, or you can view every item in the game at once, or you can view different types of items. It's very well organized and very well executed.It performs well enough. On ultra settings it looks very basic. While that can't be helped, the game simply overshadows that by giving you enjoyable gameplay that you can truly get lost in.The only thing I daresay that kills it, is the poorly executed 7 day horde defense mechanic that pits very fast, very dangerous enemies again potentially under-equipped survivors, and while I've never been one to condemn a game punishing players who fail to prepare, it seems that even with diligent preparation the horde is simply too much to fight.If I can say one thing about this game, it is that it lives up to it's name. It's not just a catchy title or a witty one liner to attract the masses. It's more akin to a brief description, or a warning perhaps. Truly, you do have 7 Days to Die.I would absolutely recommend this game."
76561198116514110,Recommended,251570,14076447,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Farmer5,"I absolutely love this game. Even if you are not that into zombie games, I still would recommend checking this game out. It isn't even out of alpha, yet it still is one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,251570,30337834,Posted: 5 March,all,Spud,nice fat blokes who want to eat your meat
76561198127477050,Recommended,251570,18330264,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,- Denise,Love this game! :D
,Recommended,251570,8829364,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,SoulzBaen,"Despite bugs and glitches, this is still alpha after all, the wife and I fully agree that it was some of the best money we spent on games in a long time!"
76561198061509230,Recommended,251570,28549262,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Superluke1134,"Amazing game and looks great if you have a good computer. If you like minecraft but want something with a more realistic feel, even physics wise, then buy it! Great and more fun to play with others (friends). Survival mechanics are great and fine tuned that makes surving pretty difficult even in normal mode. Zombies are terrifying and get worse every seven days! Good upgrades for wepons and tools. Level system good, but very fined tuned with a skill point system. If you scare easily and don't like stress don't get this game, can be scary and stress inducing, lol. I can't get enough of this game, so much fun to build a base, tools, and upgrade stuff, then build upon it and make everything stronger after zombie horde nights. There is never nothing to do! Minor problems I see are, one the laddar mechanics, a bit difficult to go up and down them and one falls easily off them when at the top of ladders, the second small problem is I have to constantly open up the invetory to look at the specific stats of my hunger and thirst bar. I understand it adds to the challenge of survival having to remeber to eat and drink but it is a bit annoying to always open my inventory to check. Other than that its a great game!"
76561198199744415,Recommended,251570,26250976,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DangitDoge,This is such a great game one of ma favorite worlds is when i spawned and was instantly killed by a horde 10/10would die and wonder wtf just happened again
,Recommended,251570,31071363,Posted: 10 April,all,Bengespab Paresquants,"Solid game to play with a group of friends (wouldn't recommend less than 3.) If you like to build stuff, explore, and kill zombies, this is your cup of tea."
76561198007340499,Recommended,251570,12505917,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jarret,"It's a lot of fun so far.  Finding a stable non laggy dedicated server that stays up for more than a week has been an issue for me.  There is still single player though.  It's basically like minecraft mixed with Dayz.  A lot like rust, but with a more minecraft feel to it than a DayZ feel to it.  It does have a lot of glitches that need working out, but nothing too game breaking.  Planting crops in it has a lot of issues right now and it could really use maybe a little tutorial that people can do before jumping into it.  I've been looking up how to do things constantly on my other monitor as I play.  It is a bit too much to handle just jumping into not knowing what you're doing for your first night, but if you do stick with it and learn how to craft all kinds of stuff it gets way easier."
76561198009250344,Recommended,251570,12028367,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,[TNC] Lupus,"Day 1: I smash a few zombies with a wood club I found in a decayed car, and then run into the forest before I get swarmed. In the forest I find a small cabin with a dog house. As I approach, I hear nasty growling, and in an instance I get rushed by zombified dogs. I bites me and I get infected, but I do however get away. As night is upon me, I quickly start to dig myself down into a snowy hill and fill the channel behind me with dirt as I go downwards. I hear strange noises over me during the night.Day 2: I quickly find a pond to get water from, but by mistake I drink it straight away, giving me the runs. No matter, I have to make it to civilization in the minute hope of acquiring antibiotics for the infection. Before hunger kills me, I manage to beat a pig to death and feast on its glorious bacon on a campfire. I dig myself down again and escape death once again.Day 3: I surface only to hear the sound of a plane. It's a supply drop! I rush to the site and find, of all things: food, water and antibiotics! I break my leg in the process, but I make a splint and it's of no concern. I proceed to make a truly professional hole, before fortifying the entrance with a ring of dirt and a ditch. There is hope after all!"
76561198025032082,Recommended,251570,12162375,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ChrisSparta,"its a PRO ""minecraft game"" if you know what i meant. Still don't have much challenge besides the zombies at night (unless you enter on a PVP server), it's unbelievable the feeling that you can change absolutely everything around you as a true survival game (simple weapons from grass, manufacture fire weapons/ammo with your own molds, defence buildings which can be reinforced/replaced ), has great graphics for a 1.9 GB 'disk usage' AND ""YES"" its so good that i payed for all my friends to joing me on this one. :3"
,Recommended,251570,29472569,Posted: 24 January,all,Luckyy,Fantastic game. Core mechanics are on point. Graphics are okay but that does not matter
76561198015726104,Recommended,251570,29473975,Posted: 24 January,all,Poppetje,Absolutely an addicting game if you can get around the fact that it is still in alpha and therefore there will be bugs.
,Recommended,251570,12493890,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[RadRes] Rielly93,"For an early access game it actually seems further in development than some fully release game, it has some awesome concepts and mechanic (like gravity and food causing attraction) that you can already see coming together pretty well. Although if possible get a friend to teach you some basics cause it took me a week to figure some ,of what i thought would be, basic stuff out"
76561198080750948,Recommended,251570,28227931,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,W0LFEN,"This game has got to be one of the most fun games  I have ever played. The  crafting is simple and effective, the interface is decent, the game play is really good,  and the game offers a special kind of freedom that  most games lack. This game will offer  well over 300 hours of game play, it's full of content and has plenty of thrills. This  game is fun with other players or friends and Solo is just as good too, but if you can grab a close friend and enjoy the thrills of this game, you won't regret it.All in all this game gets a 9/10 rating from me hands down!"
,Recommended,251570,28239198,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,luke,installed it from not playing it in 6 or so months. looking better than ever
76561198041390378,Recommended,251570,27874474,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vexed,"7 Days to Die is an excellent zombie survival game. I have played since the earlier alpha stages when weapons and gear had no quality ratings, before the ultra fun mini bike, before murky water, and more. The game, even then, without the content it has today it easily took the spot for my #1 favourite zombie game. The game shines its brightest when you treat it as its own game, without comparing it to how x zombie game plays, or the mechanics of y zombie game. It has a unique stance on the genre, and I cant wait to see where they go next."
76561198064295189,Recommended,251570,26534651,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Fazer ツ,best game
,Recommended,251570,29774957,Posted: 7 February,all,SyKo52,"This is a truly awesome game. I highly recommend it to any and all, regardless of your genre preferences. It's basically Minecraft for grown folks, but incudes so many survival, FPS, exploration, merching, RPG, horror, and many other elements at the same time, it definitely appeals to a huge demographic of gamers.  My main problem with Minecraft was the lack of things to do once you actually got your ""big bad build"", well, built, you'd explored the Nether, and killed the dragon. There's nothing else much to do. You're standing on top of it, looking around, eventually coming to the thought, ""Okay, now what? 0.o""Not with this game. This game responds with a resounding ""THIS ♥♥♥♥♥! RAAAWWWRR!!!!"" and they come at you full bore. As well, this game is exploratory in the same way as MC, but with a better engine, thus, better graphics. Keep in mind, it's still a voxel game with chunks generating as you render them. People need to keep this in mind when comparing this game to other current non-voxel games. People really seem to conveniently leave this fact out when making their comparisons.This is by far the best voxel game I've ever seen. It has very high replay value, and Joel and the team are constantly working to fix, improve, and update the game regularly. This is not a devfail project. Quite the opposite, in fact. So, don't be discourage or skiddish by the Alpha tag. It's an Alpha game alright, but it's not going to be dumped along the sideline like many in that catagory here on Steam, and honestly, I wouldn't be suprised to see this game go official soon.7 Days to Die is by far my favorite game to date. Honestly, I'd give it a 8.5 or maybe even a 9 out of 10 in it's current state, simply due to incompletion and small bugs, but include an asterick: (*the potential to become a 10/10 game). The survival aspect, the quality of the work, the increasing difficulty, the replay value... all of it make for a truly excellent game.(''''\__( 0.x )__/'''')  Watch yourself out there, survivor."
,Recommended,251570,29707741,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr.Grapes,Highly addicting
76561198212191613,Recommended,251570,29995652,Posted: 17 February,all,michaeltlkhd,"Always a great game to play with community members, even adding certain mods makes the game alot better and enjoyable, so worth the money."
76561198203087771,Recommended,251570,30073865,Posted: 20 February,all,马老五婚庆公司总经理,虽然中文问题可以打补丁但是还要强烈要求出中文！！！
76561198139372572,Recommended,251570,29898476,Posted: 13 February,all,gman2002,this game is so fun and trust me you wont be disappointed if you get this game
,Recommended,251570,26596040,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,JFleezy20,"This is my first time ever reviewing anything so bare with me. First off i love this game, but it leaves me very disappointed. Lets start with why i love it.First off its just fun. This game is a grind but it is fun. I recommend at least playing with a couple friends. This game has a real sense of accomplishment when you achieve something like getting your first minibike put together or finshing your huge compound. Its a lot of work, its not easy which seems to be a lost art in te gaming world now. Another fun thing is its scary like a zombie apocalyspe should be. When you get caught outside alone in the pitch black night and zombies are sprinting after you it will get your heart racing.But the negative. the negative for me is simple, I see this game as having such great potential to be one of the best games if not the best on the market now. Unfortunately for one the developers are really slow on adding any content, which is understandable to a point. They seem more focused now on the console versions and seem to be putting the PC supporters on the backburner. AThis game also still has some rough optimization issues. Not bad its not a game killer in any fashion just thought it worth mentioning.All the negatives aside. This is a great game. I seriously recommend it. My biggest negative for the game is i see the game having huge potential. So much can be done to and added to this game to make it even greater than it is. You won't regret the $25 spent."
,Recommended,251570,29823417,Posted: 10 February,all,djpate22,very good untill group of 5 dogs rips ur face off
,Recommended,251570,29750282,Posted: 6 February,all,InsideByte,This game is fantastic but it really needs a grphics overhaul and better CPU optimization!
,Recommended,251570,29754342,Posted: 6 February,all,Mum Bett,"One of the best survival games i would recomend it but it needs more than what it has maybe ridable horse, dogs, domesticated animals, car, trucks (not just random colored sedans that can't really be interacted with it needs a bit more but i think the developers are going the right way and is definately worth the cost"
76561198175573917,Recommended,251570,28693871,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,theoreminegaming,"its worth the money easily, and its so much more optimised then alpha 5-8 (it{those updates} seriously needed the improvement)if you are thinking about buying ""7 days to die"" just go checkout youtube chanels like kage848 (he has episodes going WAY back)"
76561197974565488,Recommended,251570,28544550,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Psylencer,take mine craft. add left for dead 2. add an in depth crafting system. bring some friends. watch hilarity ensue. (I swear I didn't mean to shoot that gas barrel!!) many hours of play and I love it. Damn fun and the devs are supporting it.
76561198122167801,Recommended,251570,28545197,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,frisch325,Very fun and addicting if you enjoy playing Minecraft and enjoy zombie apocalypses then you'll enjoy this game
,Recommended,251570,26434131,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,macav,it's like minecraft with gravity and realism and rust without trolls.. and all of this with a bit of scent of walking dead.. perfect combination
76561198144938619,Recommended,251570,30023131,Posted: 18 February,all,Sheeplord.22,"SO Much fun, its best to have a little firendly advice try to get some others that have the game to join you it really is a good game though"
76561198264857770,Recommended,251570,30070194,Posted: 20 February,all,TGunn1000,"I you enjoy the open world build tower defense game with ZOMBIES then this is definitly for you, I Didnt think I was going to enjoy this but I did. I mostly likely grab it when its on sale."
76561197998507794,Recommended,251570,29492157,Posted: 25 January,all,SmooTh,"A very nice and Atmospheric Survival crafting game with tons of tons of options to loot, craft and build."
76561198012216611,Recommended,251570,27640563,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,{BOA}Ghost,games great. played it when it first started an it was great then. devs keep adding more an more an it just keeps getting better
,Recommended,251570,27677196,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rampagerabbit,"If you are looking for a mix between Minecraft, DayZ and Rust, then you are at the right place. 7 Days to die offer you all of this, and much more. alpha 15 is the current release, and is offer you new things like trader economy. If you are not happy with the vanilla version of the game. Then head over to 7 days to die forums, and get yourself the Valmod mod for even greater experience.. Hard to believe that this game is only in Alpha state. Can't wait for it to be fully release."
76561198128046292,Recommended,251570,27782665,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FatCatParadise,Its a good game
,Recommended,251570,27784897,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BadBobbyGamer,"I love this game , its a fun co-oip game to play with friends"
76561198054929673,Recommended,251570,27833071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MICE,cool game
,Recommended,251570,26606004,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,milk3y,7 Days to die review...Graphics 6/10 ( cause unity3d )Sound 0/10 ( i played without sound cause im pu$$y and im worried i can♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pantz )Gameplay 10/10 ( funniest game ever )Ok.
76561198058419569,Recommended,251570,27475131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OMGISTHATADEADBODY?!,"This game is wicked cool...I prefer multiplayer to single player so I suggested this game to some of my friends, 7 of them joined me and are just as addicted as I am, if not more, which is why I nominated 7 Days To Die for the ""Just 5 more minutes"" Award! Most of my friends had low expectations for this game, they thought they wouldn't like it but after the first few hours of playing, they suddenly realized they were hooked and can't wait to play again.Now I don't have too much experience playing computer and console games, however, from what I HAVE played, I would say this game is almost as if The Sims, Minecraft and The Walking Dead had a love child. I am really enjoying being able to build my own base from scratch as well as killing zombies with my bow and arrow, it is just so satisfying when you get the perfect headshot that explodes their heads right off! It is even better experimenting with different traps and things you can do  to protect your friends and base like leaving a campfire on so the zombies who walk over it catch fire.This game is a perfect blend of Hunting & Gathering, Crafting, Surviving and occasionally pranking your friends by picking up that wooden frame they are standing on and watching them fall onto the spikes below hahaha. 7D2D is still early release and we experience a bug or two here and there but it's honestly no deal breaker in my opinion since I know it's only going to get better from here."
,Recommended,251570,27537527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TechTailor,"I dont do reviews much so I will get directly to the point. If you like survival/crafting games this is one of the more enjoyable one's I have played. Hate the fact that its still in Aphla/EarlyBird even after all this time, but totally 100% worth it for the price you pay to get it (especially if you bought it during sale for like <5$."
76561198083001204,Recommended,251570,26867667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MeDaDaddy,"2.4k hours in and it still satisfies.It's got Survival, Hordes and Crafting in it, in case you were curious, so if any of these aspects appeal to you and you don't already own this game, perhaps you should consider buying it.Players can interact with every single voxel on maps up to around 10km radius, unlike some other ""survival open-world"" games out there.Most of the files are .xml so aspects of the game are very easy to modify, if you feel the urge, to suit your taste without any knowledge of coding at all (not that the base game needs it, but after time you may wish to add your own recipes for crafting, or decide on the makeup of a Horde, for instance.)EA and Alpha stage of development, but fully playable as-is.Gradely."
76561198018601721,Recommended,251570,27638193,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tuandor,"This is a really good mash up of zombies and survival. There are a lot of settings you can tweak to make it more one or the other as well. Like most survival games, however, it hits a point where you really feel the lack of an end goal. But you can always start a new game on higher settings to keep the thrill going! Or multiplayer is always a good option."
76561197970413755,Recommended,251570,26261119,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Blake,"This game certainly sucks you in. However after some time, once you've gained all skills and own almost everything. It becomes more about creativity than surviving.  They should amp up ""red night""7th day. Make it somewhat more chaotic and  more zombies!The game needs some refining but its alot of fun to play with your friends, building and expanding your base. Creating outposts, and looting in the city.They need to add more vehicles, fix the bugs and player animations. I can't tell if my friend is looking up or down! That's very basic !!! It's 2016 already!Otherwise I enjoy the graphical improvements and long distance graphics now. That was a very nice addition."
,Recommended,251570,30105412,Posted: 22 February,all,The Cure,"Good game, but I doubt it will ever be released. 4 years and still Alpha? Don't quit your day jobs ""devs."""
,Recommended,251570,30106600,Posted: 22 February,all,DethBatCountry,"First off, before I start my criticisms of this game, I need to state that, overall, I love this game. It is the best Zombie game I have ever played (been Playing since Alpha Version 7). So far it is the second best survival/crafting game I have played, number 1 being ARK. It is basically Minecraft meets DayZ, with a bit of Rust/ARK thrown in. Though this game was out way before ARK, and I was not a fan of DayZ, as the Zombies seemed trivial, and the world unrewarding. This game can be scary at times, as you are rushing to build some sort of shelter to huddle (in silence) in for the night before the Zombies start running, which is a good thing. The physics added to the Voxel based system adds a bit of realism, and worry about whether or not your building will hold without supports, or whether you should mine that wall out another space, or will it collapse. The 7 day hordes add an extra bit of danger, which will be more than welcome at later points in the game. The Devs are engaged and seem to want to keep their player base happy, which is always a plus, and they continue to add new content, and improve on old content.All that being said, there are some things that I feel are dragging the game down a bit. One is the graphics. The look, and feel of the game, while fitting for the environment, is dull and monotonous. Even with the multiple different Biomes, they all feel pretty much the same. Not to mention the fact that (possibly because the game is Voxel based) the graphics are falling way behind the current standard of games. Another issue I have with the game, and this has been the same since I started playing a couple years ago, is that it eventually becomes too easy. Sure you could force yourself to have a weak shelter to add some danger to the mid-late game if you wanted to keep it interesting, but I feel the game should continue to be challenging, and not fall off so much once you get a few powerful items. It generally gets to a point for me , and all the ppl I play with, where we just decide it would be more fun to start a new world from scratch than to continue the one we already pretty much have everything on. This is the same thing Minecraft did to us.Now I can't say too much about it because I have well over 400 hours in this game, have started at least 20 different worlds, and am still playing it somewhat regularly. However that just speaks to what a good job The Fun Pimps did at creating the Zombie infested, loot stuffed, survival/crafting world that I have always wanted to see in a game. Anyone I convince to buy this game is instantly addicted. And, while it has some quirks, it is a great game that is still being improved upon."
,Recommended,251570,30059999,Posted: 20 February,all,Heiska,Good stuff
,Recommended,251570,29454510,Posted: 23 January,all,Bliss,good
,Recommended,251570,25926506,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Morphius,"Ok I guess this has to be done... Im going to write a review. Now considering I have 1600+ hours invested behind the wheel of this game makes my word a bit more solid then some of these critiszers out there. This game is not for the kiddies that like everything handed to them, whether it be bought with mommy's cash or in a starter box infront of them. This is for the people who want to earn their survival and work for it. Who enjoy collecting the resources and loot to survive and to thrive. Those people out there that like to build massive and unique structures they will call home and safety. There is something for all kinds of players. Pvp/pve, crafting, resource collecting, base building, and now that they have updated the scenary OMG! there is hell of a view while roaming around. The traders is a good idea and so far seems decent. The option to lease a vending machine to sell items adds a semi ecomomy of some sorts. I am telling you this because I read a few people talking crap abut this game and they must not have put in the effort to explore the game because it is a good game to play online or with friends. I personally play online with my two older sons and wifey and we all have just about the same amount of time invested into the game. If you are having doubts about this game or questions I am all ears and I am always willing to answer them if it gets you to consider this game. It is worth the money."
76561198072270835,Recommended,251570,24373499,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RBurnett,"This game is still in Alpha and the progress made so far is insane. Is it the best looking game out there? No. Is it bug-free and smooth as silk? No. WIll it make a grown man nearly pee his pants when a zombie dog jumps at you from nowhere? HELL YES. This game is an insane amount of fun and it just keeps getting better and better. The devs, The Fun Pimps actually read the forums and listen to what the players are saying. This game is best enjoyed with a group of friends in my opinion. Singleplayer is fun and all, but Multiplayer with some mates is a butt-load of fun. GET IT NOW, so I can kill you and rob your corpse...."
,Recommended,251570,24456528,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,madmitch02,7 days to die is a very good game to play with friends. i think if cars were added to the game so you could drive around with your friends in the car and more storage space maybe triple what the minibike has and we need to be able to go deeper than what we can now in our mines
76561197965948358,Recommended,251570,24102494,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sykarus,"This is one of those games that is a blast to play with a group of friends. My first time was great, it has a medium level learning curb but after you figure out the interface and controls, it is simply the best zombe survival game I have ever played. I highly recommend playing this with friends. Alone, it's not so great, but good to play to learn how to craft and get the basics down pat."
,Recommended,251570,28054476,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AverageJoe22,"I have put this review off for a very long time now, mainly because of how much better and better the game keeps getting.The Fun Pimps truley care about their game and it shows. These devs stay working hard and keep us updated on what they are working on so that everyone stays in the loop. This is hands down my favorite game and will do a very in depth review when it gets closer to release. Until then, I will continue to help shape and mold this game by staying active in the forums and by submitting bug reports."
,Recommended,251570,27834662,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BUSYJETS,"STOP BEING REASONABLE, THIS IS THE ""7 Days to Die""."
,Recommended,251570,27739019,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darklordrin,"This game I was iffy about in the begining, but after spending so many hours + I cant help but keep playing and playing till my eyes roll back, still needs some works here and there but the creators always know how to deliver a patch!"
,Recommended,251570,27815019,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Charmander,"Good game, buy it."
76561198019226733,Recommended,251570,27779385,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[BW] Schnider,This game is an awsome time sink always fun and well suported by the devs with new updates all the time. A must have if you like crafting and building and its often on sale for 10-12 bucks.
,Recommended,251570,27795731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ricardo420,"You have to buy this, because it isnt the greatest but not the worst either. You can accidentally spent a whole day playing 7dtd without noticing that. it has good and bad sides like every other game in early acces. Generally i dont want to write something same or copy other peoples reviews so im here to recommend this game for you and pls, read those other reviews too-Ricardo420ps. sorry about ungrammatical text in some parts."
,Recommended,251570,28693712,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Foxxomatic,"This game is awsome, Iv enjoyed it even though i die constantly. Tip just get to the point were you can make iron arrows and  upgrade you archery talent because you will have a while before you can make bullets or even a gun if your not lucky."
,Recommended,251570,28677448,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lSkeletonWitchl,"I can see myself dumping hours into this game! The is the first survival based game I've played, if you've ever played minecraft I think you'll like this one. There is a ton to do in the gameworld, whether is singleplayer, multiplayer, or you host a private match for co-op.FIrst time I played, I was slaughtered at night.Second time I played, I joined a PVE server and it was the 7 night. I read the group chats about hiding or teleporting to the safe zone. I spent several hours building a base and felt confident even with my haphazard engineering. The blood mon rose and I heard them coming. I dug a 10foot hole at the front door, there was no way they were getting in. A quick observation of the interior, I noticed every single wall is crumbling...and fast! I escape to my roof and removed the ladder, ""this is easy"" WRONG! My whole base comes crashing down. Hours of work gone....doesn't matter though, I'll get them next time!My friends and I are currently deciding between renting a server or just hosting a private match so we can all play together."
,Recommended,251570,28723409,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,pos 1-2 or techies,"fix your game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198093539466,Recommended,251570,29143110,Posted: 9 January,all,Pentium148,"Best Zombie Survival meets Mincraft game/Dayz. this game hits all the marks!!!!! you have to work hard and prepare for zombie attacks and keep watch. aswell this game tailers well to the minecraft building. so many things to build and customize.....wanna build  a Base, DO IT!...wanna take over an existing building or base? DO IT,. every thing is possible in this game. looking forward to more updates. looks like the team is constantly working to add and improve to the game. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198094036300,Recommended,251570,29300563,Posted: 16 January,all,Kampx5,Fun zombie survival game.
76561198112285913,Recommended,251570,29763802,Posted: 7 February,all,erikwalker,you know its a good game when dev keep update the game have few bug but its still alpha and very enjoyable
76561198051394458,Recommended,251570,11601257,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,jayrod,"awesome game, and with alpha 9 on way can only get even better."
,Recommended,251570,15008035,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,paulytools,"Corn, black pregnant males with six packs, drinking poop water, having diarrhea, getting chased by zombies, explosions, floating block physics.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,26003799,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Daedric,"I cannot recommend this game enough. After being burned with past zombie survival games (WarZ, ect) I was hesitant to try this game.Over 1700 hours later, and I'm still killing zombies and trying to survive. It isn't a perfect game, but the developers are clearly hard at work, and it shows!10/10-ZB"
76561198057762999,Recommended,251570,30919952,Posted: 3 April,all,Unas24,Awesome game....
,Recommended,251570,12456887,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,daswiftguy,Great game really enjoying playing it
76561198072590554,Recommended,251570,30891695,Posted: 1 April,all,Marchie,"Kill zombies, get killed by zombies, kill more zombies out of rage. get killed by a dog, grab keyboard, throw into screen, buy new monitor. G4me is gud... gg wp Pimps"
,Recommended,251570,30969510,Posted: 5 April,all,HunterEyedTV- Twitch,"This game is so much fun! The zombies can be crazy at times in a good way.  I enjoy this game a lot, Friends also make the whole experience even better. I highly recommend this game as it enjoyable to play by yourself and by your friends. This is also simular to ARK, and Rust. But this beats then both with the graphics and how the game is played. I also like that it guides you through the basic of survivial. That is a big plus for noobs that have never played before, With other games like ARK there isnt any basic surivial. You have to findout yourself by experiment.Other than that This is still in early access so more thing will be added which im happy about :D But I would reccomend this game for people who enjoy survival games and key living a surivial.! The start of the game is grindy but you get there! This game is one of my favourite games overall! :D"
76561198134100359,Recommended,251570,31017106,Posted: 8 April,all,KCee118,"Zombie games were never appealing enough to me until stumbling across this game.  It combines building, crafting, survival and feelings of exhilaration/stress all under one 'roof'.  Since it is still in alpha, every time a new update is released it's like getting a brand new game all over again.  Definitely good value for money!  Modded versions of 7D2D are also available on PC to those who want to increase their gaming experience even more.  I have thoroughly enjoyed 7D2D since buying it and is one of my all-time favourites.  It has great potential to go far and it already has a terrific community supporting it."
76561198120338898,Recommended,251570,30709902,Posted: 24 March,all,andreatherock,"I've put a fair few hours into this game and I love it! I know it's still not complete and I'm cool with it. Every time a new patch comes out, I love the game even more. It just keeps getting better and better. Looking forward to Alpha 16 now and hoping it's going to be as fun as when Alpha 15 rolled out.If you like survival games with crafting in a multiplayer enviroment, this is the game for you! With the 7th night hordes, there is a real sense of urgency which adds to the game and makes it all the more exciting. The pressure to build fast and build better is strong. I love that about this game. I love a lot of things about this game... I totally recommend it to all survival gamers out there.Two thumbs up!!!"
,Recommended,251570,31013175,Posted: 8 April,all,PJOTR,"7DTD is a zombie survival game, where you are spawned with only few things, which is a torch, water and something I don't remember anymore. With only these things, you have to build a good shelter, obtain weapons, tools, food and water before the 7th night comes...Summarized:+a lot of places to discover+a lot of skills to master+freedom for your imagination+it's not like Minecraft where you build a 4 block high pillar and you're good, zombies can actually dig through your walls (which means you're ♥♥♥♥ed up if you don't upgrade and maintain your walls properly)-+ there weren't much updates lately, but they do tweet about upcoming features on their Twitter.-only customization for your guns is a flashlight, you can't add any optics, laser, or anything like that (but you can upgrade your gun by changing parts, but that isn't much of a customization)-calipers (tool you need for making ammunition) are ultra rare until around 55th day, when I've found 1 calipers in a crate and 1 calipers at a trader.-although graphics are pretty simple and not very detailed, you may still experience fps spikes (especially on blood moons) if you don't play on a 5000€ machineThis game is a wonderful game, full of potential. There are so many kind of zombies developers could do, so many secrets they can add to the game... I hope they will.Now you may ask, is this game worth the money? Definitely not the full price, unless you're REALLY bored and don't know what to do with money. I think this game is worth something like 15 €, so you better wait for a sale."
,Recommended,251570,30967943,Posted: 5 April,all,blakeylake,"Great game, well worth giving it a go if you enjoy survival/base building games, the only one I've found so far where you can actually build underground, amazing."
,Recommended,251570,30910912,Posted: 2 April,all,Emma,I love this game. I have always enjoyed sandbox games. This game combines nice graphics with a fun storyline. I enjoy the flexibility of playing easy or hardcore. It allows me to have either a relaxing evening after work or a bit of adrenaline on the weekend when I amp up the difficulty.
,Recommended,251570,27570116,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gamer Vinyl,"*Playing private server with a few friends*Friend 1 goes into a house near our main base to loot*He doesn't know that house is our fall-back plan for emergencies. Essentially an armored and fortified nuclear bomb made of explosive barrels that are mostly underground for aesthetics.*As he's looting, crawler hits him.*He panics, shoots his rocket launcher he had equipped because he was about to repair it and use it to demolish stuff outside.*Entire house goes up in a blaze of glory and lag, leaving nothing but rubble and memories of what was once a human being. And maybe a couch or 2.*All on the day of a horde attack.10/10 Would witness hard work explode and leave us nearly as defensless as crippled babies because of a jumpy, panicked person again."
76561198022578767,Recommended,251570,13308393,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,tborup,It's my moment of zen. But on the other hand it's the complete opposite. I'm an addict!
76561198047321098,Recommended,251570,13635405,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,acsmonster,"Love this game, its a must have. please fix the mob spawning though."
,Recommended,251570,8228404,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,T1NY,"great game, cant wait till they finish it, but still LOADS to do on it, 1 thing that kinda sux if not being able to hide from the zoimbies yet"
76561198144401469,Recommended,251570,15113470,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,colddust21,"A pre alpha 10 trailer with the unreleased alpha 11 screenshots, makes sense .The game as it is now is great if your computer can handle it"
,Recommended,251570,15211877,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Clarky,Great game. graphics are kinda good but its like a realistic minecraft. (not a minecraft fan) but its great. the crafting and customization is great plus the building is great for those who like to build. (i personally take someone elses house)
,Recommended,251570,13480122,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tun Seri Jeff,"try munch in minecraft with zombie apocolypse element and u get this game. eventhough its in alpha stage the game runs pretty well with a decent fan base. though if ur looking for bloom effect high definition graphics your not gonna get it here. gameplay is suprisingly good. not your typical rust or dayz title. the zombies are challenging. you gotta learn their action; thinking twice on engaging them. zombies has that feeling of danger to players as they should have, not some deathmatch world full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with zombies there just so the can call it 'zombies' game. you dont get weapons just like that, instead you have to craft them from scratch. only lucky players gets a weapon fully made.on the downside is the game isnt complete. your just paying someone for a half done work. i bought this game to support it. it has potential, more than the other zombie titles. but if you want a genuine game fully functional and with a lot of content. then i think u should wait a bit. until maybe the are in the beta stage. the world somtimes feel dull. there isnt enough bulding or evn settlements around infact no cities at all. the rendering is where i get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in some servers its slow as ♥♥♥♥. i got killed in broad daylight by normal zombies just because the some part of the game infront of me had to render in.in all i cant be so brutal to this game, since it is in aloha stage but i give promps to them for having the balls to release the game in alpha stage and yet did write successful. right now i would give it a 7/10 but its not my final verdict since the game is not complete"
76561197971431143,Recommended,251570,14103018,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,☠RAIDER☠,"This game will appeal to folks that play minecraft and or first-person shooter games. We play in a server that has people coming from no FPS background and or the other way around (pure FPS games) that have grown to love what The Fun Pimps has accomplished with this blend of the two genres. Over all highly recommend this game and just like minecraft, its constantly being updated with new things to keep it from going stale. Highly recommend! Raider out!"
76561198117022083,Recommended,251570,14171208,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Retro,If your looking to get this game then im trading this for H1Z1 you would save $5
,Recommended,251570,14020500,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DanEatsBrains,This game has ruined my life!Good job.;)
,Recommended,251570,13811405,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DemorzDz,It is a fun and entertaining experience that you should try out. It is loaded with adventure and thrilling with lots of zombies that you can blow their brains off with a shotgun. It makes it look like there are zombies in real life because you need to salvage houses or streets to find your necessary thing that you will need to survive.
76561198041940376,Recommended,251570,16951862,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,RecnoTech,DIS GAME IS AMAZING!
,Recommended,251570,16912110,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Eggbert,Watched a Zombie Lumberjack fight a Bear. 10/Bear
,Recommended,251570,16968308,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Maffleck,"TL;DR - Do it. Buy it. Thank me later.So I've played a fair bit of this game and here's my pros and cons for all perspective buyers.Pros:1. Super detailed world2. Hyper realistic3. Engaging as butts!4. Scary as butts!5. Vast array of tools, weapons and equipment meaning you need to think about the right tool for the job.6. Maximum of 30 seconds load time, everytime. (At least on my machine)7. NO Microtransactions.8. Option for random map generation.9. Character customisation10. The list just goes on...Cons.1. Kinda buggy (Though it is only the alpha)2. Dogs will wreck your day3. My little brother has a better base than me and is very scary with alll his guns D:My opinion would be to buy this game now, if not to play it, then to just give more to the amazing developers of this ever-expanding gaming phenomenon.10/10 :)"
,Recommended,251570,15325632,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,a-can-o-beans,This is truly one of the best survival games i have ever played. There is so much depth in the crafting/building system that it begs to be bought. If you like zombie shoot em ups like left 4 dead and crafting games like Minecraft you will find yourself in heaven with this game. Game has a deep progression system that is affected by everything you do in the game and the recent update has made this game look alot better. Yes this game is going to feel rough around the edges and ill admit that i wish some better textures and models would make there way into this game but i am so happy with the amount   of actual GAMEPLAY that is offered here. i bought this game over a year ago and i never ever thought the game would be where it is at today and its still in ALPHA. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game.
76561198011616985,Recommended,251570,30657198,Posted: 21 March,all,銘聰學長 Rich Daddy,I am addicted to finding ways stashing my loots at super genius places in case nobody steals them.
76561198008753195,Recommended,251570,28584400,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Auger,"Needs more cowbell <J/K>.  Great game , I've played it since A5 and it's been updated continually, and the dev's are always around. and active.  I usually play solo and just try and build unique bases and defenses to ward off the zombie hordes. Plus whenever they update it's like getting a new game since they are always adding new features.It's my most played game on Steam at 1000+ hours.    I'd recommend it to anyone that like crafting and zombie games :)"
76561198087951038,Recommended,251570,13920485,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Misanthrope,"PLAY THIS GAME WITH FRIENDS.My brother announced one day while we were playing that he had been ""enlightened;"" that the Duke of Darkness had spoken to him, and commanded him to build a shrine and offer brass doorknobs to it. Since then, the Duke of Darkness has commanded us to level the entire cornfield we were living on, build a lifesize model of the Great Pyramid, and dig an underground tunnel to the nearest city. We must not disobey the Duke of Darkness, or he will bring the hordes of undead to our door. ALL HAIL THE DUKE OF DARKNESS! ALL DOORKNOBS ARE HIS!In conclusion: I rate this game 85 pounds of potassium nitrate out of 42 pieces of boiled venison11/10"
,Recommended,251570,8760447,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,XDogg,I love the game its like minecraft with a zombie shooter.  I cant wait for improvements and I have fun on Toxicminers PVP server... Good times.
,Recommended,251570,12143144,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,BlueDory,i like this game even though i have 1 fps
76561198085042889,Recommended,251570,29466428,Posted: 24 January,all,(SC) King Valas,"This game to me is a very good game if you take the time to get into it. Yes you will die a hell of a lot in the begining but then you will get up to the point where you get set up and are driving around the map on a mini bike with friends having the time of your life. Huge hint here is that there is a base in the middle of a lake around the center of the map somewhere which is safe even throughout horde night and is a great starting point for beginers.My friend and I personally just have our own private game going where up to 4 people can join but it is private and we enjoy ourselves. The single player is also very good however I have not played on a public server so I can offer no insight into what the community is like in this game.It has a very indepth crafting and leveling up system which has many perks and small off branches of said perks including the ability to level everything up from your health all the way to being able to level up your crafting and combat skills. A lot of items like clubs and bows as well as tools and armor also have levels that depend on your crafting level(the more you craft the more your crafting goes up, same with all perks)The base building is also very indepth and works of a block system similar to minecraft only much , much better and way more indepth.You find gun parts that also have levels which determin how what level the weapon your craft comes out at.Crafting mini bikes works the same way as guns and boy are they a fun, quick, safe and reliable way to get around the map and explore which might I add is a rather good sized map.Every 7 days might I add is horde night where a horde attack your base and ravange the place so be ready. Also there are many different zombie types and some be prepeared for a bit of variety including bears, zombie bears and zombie dogs which are MotherF--kin savages.ProsDeep Crafting SystemWeapons are goodMini BikesBase building is funCo-Op/MPCombat is enjoyable and you can manouver  in and out of hordes of Zombies while shooting them if you've had a lot of experience on the old CoD zombies.Horde night is great because you have to keep track of time and day which keeps you immersed.Hunting for food like pigs and deer as well as scavanging for tinned foodWater is easy to find and purify making it easy to stock up meaning more time to mine or explore.When you die there is a marker on your on screen compass that shows you where your bag full of stuff is.They are still updating and adding to the game even though it has been in Early Access for just over 3 years(it hasn't been abandoned like so many other Early Access games.Both pro and conZombies going feral at night and running rather than being slow moving dosile morons is both a pro and con because it keeps you on gaurd and keeps you immersed but also limits what you can and can't do at night.Getting stunned by Zombie hits. It adds to the combat but it can be very frustrating at times to be honest.Cons:Graphics aren't the greatest but are still ok. They aren't horrible I'm honestly just a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and it could maybe run a bit better however it rarerly drops bellow 60 on max @ 1440p.Sometimes you just get f--ked and die and it can make you have a mini game rage but you'll keep playing and it only happens every now and then lolI would highly recommend this game to anybody looking for a base building survival game where they actually have to regularly defend the base from attack and who likes games like miscreated and Day Z although personally I like this way better than both of them"
,Recommended,251570,15773706,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,MegaDan,"Thought It would be badass to try and run inbetween buildings. I ran tooo quick, fell into some spikes and died. i then respawned with a friend and built a base. then i started placing landmines around. 3 nights later i was thinking 'didnt i put landmines here somewhe-' And then i stood on a landmine and died. 10/10 best fun i've had in a long time.Some more in depth stuff (information about gameplay)The fun element of this game is fantastic, but survival is one of the main shining points of this game. you have to hunt or scavenge to find food, or you will slowly degrade, not being able to run very far, not having much health, and eventually, after several days with no food or water, you die, and are stuck with minimum stats. Another hugely impressive part of this game is co-op. this game honestly gets boring after about 20-30 minutes playing on your own. but, i have had multiple 12+ hour sessions of this game on free nights with friends, and that is where the game is most fun. so i massively recommend playing with a friend. The AI in this game is not perfect, but it is fantastic. any sounds, such as opening your backpack, opening or eating food, will draw the attention of nearby zombies. the zombies get more vicious everyday, but on every 7th night (7,14,21,28 etc.) a Blood Moon attack will occur, basically causing you to have a serious freak out session.  many blood moon attacks have ripped through my / my joint owned (co-op) bases, and in the later attacks, almost totally wiped bases out (even with some very good defense). so if you buy this game, which i totally recommend 100%, be wary of your time. you dont have much of it. oh and team up with at least one person (but the more the better) for a better chance of surviving. Good Luck. and BUY THIS GAME. :3"
76561198162529886,Recommended,251570,16703984,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,sanli.emirhan,Its exactly what i hoped it would be. Zombie survival games have always been my fav. 7 days to die does what Dayz could not do. As they are still in Alpha stage glitches are expected so i will not be complaining about that as when i was buying the game i was already expecting that but it does not impact the game play much.My only hope is that the game gets complete soon.
,Recommended,251570,16949616,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Katastrophy ~ Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ,Most people see this game and think Zombie Minecraft.It's much more than that...It's about survival of the fittest when no blocky people can save you!
76561198074000289,Recommended,251570,30395961,Posted: 8 March,all,Rubinate ☭,"Best survival game played so far. The gameplay is very good, everything comes together. Constructing isn't made to easy, aswell as the zombies. The quality of the game is less then I'm used compared to other (survival) games but the way the game is put together completelly overshadows that. Great game to play and for sure a must have for a Survivalgame-lover!"
,Recommended,251570,14085307,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Strafe,built a dirt mound survied 2 days. Scavegened and found death in 5 minutes.
76561198018096128,Recommended,251570,29431490,Posted: 22 January,all,FritzVonBischof,"This is one of the most promising Early Access games. Try it, you will love it."
76561198123371712,Recommended,251570,25703311,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mike Patton,A all and all good game played in for a few hours so far and loved it but i recommend playing w/ friends because it gets pretty boring but i love this game
76561198034578223,Recommended,251570,25605283,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,KenZen,"Started a new game with a friend for the first time. Walked down the first street - got mauled by a bear (friend survives).Respawned into a zombie dog birthday party.Relocated friend - mauled by bear on the way to him.Relocated friend (he's on floor 2 of a house). Night Falls. We are surrounded by zombies trying to get inside. Despite this, I attempt to cook food on the ground floor. A zombie breaks the door. I get mauled by a bear. Yes, IN THE HOUSE DURING THE ZOMBIE RAID.Later in the same house the zombies overrunn us so we lock ourselves in the bathroom. As my friend anticipates them breaking open the bathroom door, they defy reasoning and break through the wall behind me eating me alive. My friend is confused as I only have time to utter one word: ""Zombie!"". He turns around to see my lifeless corpse being dropped to the ground, then he too becomes dinner.I have died more times to bears than zombies.A true horror game, I filled the role of black guy dies first.10/10 would...will be overrun agaifqaefeavs-"
,Recommended,251570,23836179,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DOWNATELLO PUBGBets.net,Very good game!
76561198042476477,Recommended,251570,23782932,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Frits_Von_Habsburger,I like this game a lot. I realy rewommend to buy it. I already had lots of fun wen playing this game
76561198012512310,Recommended,251570,24131120,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RoBLaD1987,BUY THIS GAMEcould possibly use food / hydration on hud for ease
76561198091785246,Recommended,251570,23677454,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Fused,"I don't have time to write a long review, I'm too busy still loving this game 2 years later.Buy It!"
,Recommended,251570,24154055,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ocean Man,"One of the most promising and playable early access, crafting/physics/survival game on the market today.+Open world and procedurally generated+Destroyable environment+Limitless crafting and building possibilities+Hardcore difficulty+Multiplayer netcode works very well+not so Ressource Intensive as it seems+Modding support in development7DTD is Highly PVE and COOP oriented, this game doesnt suffer from cancerous communities and from kill on sight PVP on public servers: It differs a lot in this way from DaysZ, H1Z1 or rust."
76561198042849569,Recommended,251570,26476992,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,mcanarchy,"I've starved to death, I've died of thirst, I've drowned, I've drowned above water, I've bleed to death, I've fallen to my death, I've been burned to death, and I've been ripped apart by more zombies than I can remember.Oh and bears, and BEES! and ZOMBIE BEARS?!?300 hours of terror well spent."
76561198066919422,Recommended,251570,26483268,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gooby_Plz,"This game is one of, if not, the best survival/horror games I have ever played. It has a wide variety of things to see, explore, do, scavange and explode. I am extremely pleased and have had no troubble with any aspect of this game. Solo and creative work perfectly, multiplayer works just as easy by starting a multiplayer game and just sending your friends invites. It has a wide variety of difficulties and settings to fit your own playstyle, but one thing that does annoy me a bit is that on day seven there is a blood moon and you will be attacked my a horde no matter where you are whether you are in your base out scavanging or mining, you will be attacked and the attacks go on for about roughly 5 to 8 in game hours which is alot when you are constantly fighting off zombies. I give the game 9/10 purely because I wish that there was an option to turn off the hordes."
76561198118813414,Recommended,251570,26089449,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Dovion,"Definently one of the best survival games I have ever played. It is moderate in its difficulty to give you a challenge but not overwhelming so you feel like your drowning and making no progress. Not to mention, a bonus to the fact the devs havnt abandoned it all these years working on it like some others. I bought it over years ago in pre alpha. It has come a looong way. Great game!"
76561198025632741,Recommended,251570,30089919,Posted: 21 February,all,TezalTube,"i love this game but wish it had a bigger world and driveable cars. also there a lot of texture glitches and a weird colision glitch with the minibike that once caused me to lose a minibike because it fell through the ground into a spike pit ),:"
,Recommended,251570,28984969,Posted: 3 January,all,riesa,"This is really nice game and more fun with friends, which I don't really have but I can have fun with it anyway. Bye!"
76561198045145646,Recommended,251570,28989890,Posted: 3 January,all,Lil T,"This game is so fun. Every day has a thrilling experience that leads up to the 7th, 14th and so on. Me and my friend had a blast playing this together."
76561198056402610,Recommended,251570,27773605,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Boss,"Having put lots of my life into this game that is still in the alpha stage.  I think its time I have an appropriate review of it.Graphics:  The Graphics are okay.  There are a little outdated compared to the other games but once you get past it the game is actually pretty good.Gameplay:  Overall, pretty good. You can do everything from build a new house or fortify a new one.  There are a lot of different ways to go about this game which is good because you have options and dont have to follow one set path.The one problem is the XP system.  A open-world game is supposed to let you have everything at your will, not being set back by what level you are or how many skillpoints you have.  A free roam game should also have replayability.  In most skill point based games once you reach the highest level the game gets boring and repetative and in a free roam game that is the worst thing that can happen.  I honestly hope that they get rid of this because it is a real problem and it hinders the experince you can have with this game.The game has potential and I would like to see what happens when they release the full version.  There are still some kinks to work out and I hope The Fun Pimps make this game into what they envision it to be.Rating for now: 8.5/10"
76561198005425018,Recommended,251570,26405985,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Russnewy,"Been watching 7 days to die on youtube for a while, so i bought the game still in Alpha but i love it. Like minecraft for adultswell worth the money."
76561198250309720,Recommended,251570,28313224,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,montipithonart,"this is a decent minecraft alternative. not nearly as complex in the building aspect. But fun None the less. I have enjoyed this game. And continue to. I like that the devs are still working on it. Which makes me feel better about the money stent.After this last update however, there seems to be memory leak issues. Suddenly, after this last update, my game just started running sluggish after awhile. Frame rate drops, and everything just runs really choppy. Hopefully they fix this soon. At onepoint it actually used 98% of my available ram. And with 32gb of ram, that should not happen.Again, this is an enjoyable craft survival game. And I am looking forward to it completion. Just please, DEVS, fix that last patch lol.Enjoy"
,Recommended,251570,25994045,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,speirk,"I have been playing this game since Alpha 7 or 8. Where it had Minecraft(tm) -like crafting in a grid, and it stored the recipes you already knew. In the beginnning I didn't give the game the time it deserved, but lately I find myself playing mostly this game.I thoroughly enjoy this game. I still sh*t my pants when Zombies get the drop on me. I still await new updates like a child awaits Christmas, even though it means a fresh game and the end of everything I have. Why? Because for me, it is the perfect balancing act between a game that is hard to succeed in, and a game that is fun to play. Lots of very simple game mechanisms create an overarching complex world. Anything that makes it safe and cozy for you, the player, means making increasingly riskier forays into Zombie infected areas, or drawing increasing amounts of attention to where you are.TL;DR: If you like Zombies, Survival, Crafting, Building, and Character leveling, you should like this."
76561198334607980,Recommended,251570,28122578,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bobsickness,best game ive played in a long time keep up the good work pimps
,Recommended,251570,29231313,Posted: 13 January,all,Mouad Oujaa boterma ne9ch,10/10
76561198087521074,Recommended,251570,29691446,Posted: 4 February,all,Jimmy Jewtron,good innit
,Recommended,251570,26029487,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fuzzy Pickles,"Hands-down, the best co-op zombie game available. Period. The gameplay is deep (skill points, sneak/stun damage multipliers, complex crafting/building, fully-destructible voxel world), the atmosphere is both beautiful and eerie, and there's even a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor. The developers work hard to push out regular, significant updates, with Alpha 15 being the most recent (and it is glorious). Simply put, this is one of the greatest multiplayer experiences available on Steam. Finally, if you're still on the fence, please consider the following scenario, which actually took place in a server with my 2 friends.- Find an abandoned town close to sundown- Massive group of zombies in the street, no way we can take them all- Friend spots a bear- He lures the bear towards the zombies- Bear vs. Zombie battle takes place as we take shelter and wait out the night in an attic- Bear wins- The was much rejoicing- Daybreak comes- We gather our supplies and begin to leave the house- Bear is in the kitchen- We are all mauled to death10/10, would get mauled again."
76561198159892048,Recommended,251570,29432669,Posted: 22 January,all,i like what you got|hellcase.com,"Love this game with all my heart. Very in depth crafting system, which I love, like the cement bricks. You have to have the rebar, the wood frame for the pouring of the cement, then it even settles.11/10 would shotgun my friend again."
76561198163270440,Recommended,251570,28730871,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RedbrickSnake,it is a really good game
,Recommended,251570,24671894,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Just Spencer,"I highly reccomend this game becuase it is one of those few games out there that no matter how much experience you get you will always be terrified of dying or large amount of zombies. This is especialy true when you play singleplayer and all the zombies come to you. Though the game is great it does have lots of bugs and optimization issues, so its not great for the impatient player ;-) but the game is in ALPHA after all. Optimization does not come till BETA with only 1 dev managing pc and console release it is probaly a safe bet it wont be dropped. Now back on topic You can lose yourself for hours and not even realize it. Building is kinda complex but not the difficult becuase building is set more on the realistic side but not so much that only geniuses can do it. The just in building is diffrent materials means diffrent support such as its probaly not the best idea to support a base with just wooden supports but iron,steel,or concrete may be better. A rule of thumb when building support columns if you dont know the support distance before structural collaspe is place a column every 4 to 5 blocks.  Dont judge the game based on the name beucase the name be confusing its not 7 days and game over but every 7 days you will get a massive horde of zombies and when I say massive I mean pee in your pants big if you dont have enough spikes. Unlike most games of this genre where eventualy you may be afraid at first but then you gain experince and know not to is simply not true I cant express this enough. Like in the zombie movies where 1 zombie may not be much of a threat and easily able to take down its when you get a mini horde which can range from 10 to 40 zombies or a horde which can range from 40+ zombies going after you. If the zombies stun you might not be able to run away and if there enough zombies you can say good bye. Another nice thing is how the voxel system that unlike most voxel implented games this one doesnt have to poor graphics and is nice when building or mining btw dont reccomend mining under a house without proper supports becuase the mine may collapse and eventualy wipe out your house. RIP 600 quality chainsaw and auger. There is jsut so much about this game that other games lack that you can get over the bugs. I almsot forgot to add that this is one of those games that dont judge it from the games preview video becease that video is quite outdated and does not represent the current state and many changes have been added a few optimizations from when that video was made. Overall I give the game a 8/10 mainly beucase of the bugs and consider it a must buy for any gamer especialy if your into zombie, survivals, or even zombie survivals.*Forgot to mention if your to terrified to play singleplayer which is reccomended for everyone to try once to learn hte basics before going into multiplayer is multiplayer is great to...just beware of those maniac player who you feel like are high. Also you may find a good pve server and those players may be more than welcome to help you out and give you a friendly welcome and some company in the zombie apocalypse but afterall its all about the fun and game. so if you decide to buy have a great day in the zombie apocalypse.I could go on but I dont want to put to much about the game since its quite the experience that has so much contnent that you wish other games had or understood. Thank you for reading and sorry for any gramatical errors that I made."
76561198032340698,Recommended,251570,29283308,Posted: 15 January,all,Werals,"An awesome Horde-Night game to play with friends and even better during PVP experiences.It's a bit undercooked, but every game has to start somewhere right?6/10"
76561198146694624,Recommended,251570,13208317,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jemkat,I bought this game and all the sudden it was removed from my computer as if I didn't purchase this game..I bought it one day ago and I'm having problems with it.. Family sharing isn't a option for the right click or even clicking on it.. It says in my library 'Update Required' HELP!!!
,Recommended,251570,15469418,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[TG] Corpse,"The simple: 7 Days to Die has come a very long way and is now a very fun and deeply engaging game with massive replay value (IF you like survival building games)The more in-depth: I now have over 100 hours in the game, and I am loving it. The updated graphics removed all of the minecraft-esque feeling and now it feels like a real world. The lighting effects are gorgeous, and the ambient sounds and music are creepy.But the gameplay is where this game really shines. The world feels alive and real. I was a huge fan of the DayZ Epoch crafting system, but I was alwasy frustrated at the number of buildings that were non-enterable. It killed some of the immersion for me, EVERY building is open to be explored and looted, and while some of the building layouts are formulaic, the overall feel is of a post-apocalyptic world that was once truly alive. EVERYTHING is destructable, and everything that you loot can be crafted into something else. You have a truly open world in which you can explore and attempt to survive.There is multiplayer, PvP and PvE, and a TONS of developer support. You can craft weapons, armor, clothing, food, and building materials. There are plenty of options so you can customize your own personal world. There are multiple biomes and regions, each with very different resources and ambiance. There are randomly generated caves and mine systems. There is a deep structural integrity system that goes way beyond just different strengths for different materials, and instead also emcompasses how high and how far you can stack and build out unsupported blocks of each material. And all of this is available inside a custom crafted world to explore. And if you tire of the main world? Then there is a random seed generation option that creates an entirely random and  custom coherent world so each playthrough can be different from the last.Basically, if you like building, crafting and surviving, this game is a ton of fun. I have mainly played singleplayer because my life doesnt give me a lot of time for multiplayer these days, but the game has a ton of potential. Be aware that if you look up videos of the game from even 6 months ago, it looks very different now. The devs are constantly adding new features and the game is easily worth the price at this time. Recommended."
76561198059943205,Recommended,251570,17040393,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Aeriez,This is the best zombie survival crafting game ever. Simply must have.
76561198049390329,Recommended,251570,17061357,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Lort Mackan,"Even when its alpha its great, the only true survival where you can dig underground"
,Recommended,251570,17038525,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,△ Angel0Fl1ght △,Really fun to play with friends! I would recommend this for anyone who loves to play zombie survival games. (Even if its still being developed)
76561198118048819,Recommended,251570,17050020,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,mclaubs,This game is probable the best zombie survival out there despite it being early access. It's also good for getting over how bad Day Z was. It presents difficulty without being overly buggy or impossible.
76561198031478134,Recommended,251570,17058739,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Negro Pete,yes
76561198012446928,Recommended,251570,17069495,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Eiito,"This game always leaves me with a feeling of helplessness, fighting against a massive horde of zombies at the same time low on supplies. Gives me dat old RE2 vibe."
76561198040800928,Recommended,251570,17069683,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,seakrr,a whole lot of fun
76561198064379591,Recommended,251570,17069751,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Austin Allen,spawn in 30 minutes find town try to sneak zombie see me i start to run every zombie in town comes after me i die from eating egg 420/7 would bang again
76561197984245158,Recommended,251570,30322959,Posted: 4 March,all,Salivander,"This game is a great blend of strategy, open world exploration, base building, and sheer terror.  Imagine you took the Forest, added a skill tree, and tripled the crafting system in both size and complexity.  The howling of the zombies will stop you in your tracks and make you hit the ground almost everytime.  Its not hard to progress but its easier to die.  The only con I would state is with the sheer mountain of content, the gameplay is still clumsy.  There are many places the developers need to go back and polish for a final product, but other than the light tweaking this game is short of a 100+hour time sink with random generation keeping it fresh and once again- horrifying."
,Recommended,251570,30323654,Posted: 4 March,all,Gfunkybuns,"This is the only early access game worth buying, Especially fun with friends.Pros:-Fluid Game-Great Weapon Rarity system-Amazing Crafting that makes sense-Very easy to play with friends-Helpful staff-Updated on a regualr basisCONS:-Graphics are not great-Glitches are very much present-In online servers you NEVER run into other players-Sounds can be off. or dodgeyOverall Rating:9/10This game is the only open world survival game that isnt boring, its extreamly easy to play privatly with friends its also fun solo. The game is a little glitchy and graphics look a little like poo but all in all this is better than almost all Professionally made AAA games."
,Recommended,251570,14143231,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,🐺 Iraxt 🐺,"Even though I've never heard of ""The Fun Pimps"", this is truly a game worth playing.7 Days To Die could do with some more updates which could add in some more uses for certain items, but other than that, it's a good game.8/10 - Needs more updates (+More Graphic options)"
,Recommended,251570,13553977,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Juggalo Jamie,"I absolutely Love this game, best damn crafting and defense game ever, I love every minute I play, even when zombies are chewing my face off, lol"
76561198060069193,Recommended,251570,27306931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Brutesir,"LLLove this game 12/10 would play again,its like minecraft with zombie's...wait...and guns..?Like this game is awsome just buy it its worth more then triple its price!!!!!"
76561198209099807,Recommended,251570,27314499,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Radu Farmskins.com,The best game
76561198140157547,Recommended,251570,25979543,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Piguteh,"This game is like watching a good TV series, you would want to know what is next every hour you spent playing the game.  The game settings allows you to set whether you want the game to be more challenging, or you're just taking your time to build defense, towns and buildings. Really up to you, how you want to play alone, and/or with your friends.  I'm not regretting buying this game, if you ask me."
,Recommended,251570,26910901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PlayerKiller®,Just a Great Game !! and it keeps getting better and better.
,Recommended,251570,26916196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,laciekay,"If you're a fan of dayz, h1z1 or fallout then this game is right up your alley.Literally everything in the generated world can be destroyed, looted and crafted back up again. Any mountain can be carved into, any ground you stand on can be destroyed & dug up. If you want to build a concrete castle- you can and if you wanted to build a wall of dirt- you can do that too! So many block options that fit seamlessly together. Some things that took me by suprise is the attention to detail like gravity! If dayz and fallout hooked up this would be their love child.have fun surviving <3"
76561198006986338,Recommended,251570,26975263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cowkiller,"if your looking for a game to loose  time with  then look no further  this game has it allthe more  days you play in game the harder it gets , after day 125 its alwas horde night .  night 175+ is you better  have  a few friends  to repair your base  or your base  and you will be very dead  :P"
,Recommended,251570,28837705,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Moustaash,More like 7 minutes to understand how to build a block and 30sec to die by that dog
,Recommended,251570,26297096,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,General Nagasaki,It's k
76561198049865789,Recommended,251570,29570758,Posted: 29 January,all,Aukso šmaukštas,Fun and interactive!
,Recommended,251570,29771626,Posted: 7 February,all,TwinkleBaby,Absolutely awesome game if survival and co op PvE is your genre!
,Recommended,251570,28774639,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZΞRØ #DDPC!,Nice games but allways small bugs and some shir details
76561197994906428,Recommended,251570,28314829,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SylvaRome,"I really enjoy 7 Days to Die. I love the multiplayer servers, and its fun playing with my friends. I am loving the new skill point / levelling system, and hope there will be more additions to Quests, Co-Op Quests, and mutiplayer fun. Its enjoyable doing quests and getting rewarded with Skills Points, Items, EXP, and more."
,Recommended,251570,26790288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Runner,Great game idea but programmers are lazy.
,Recommended,251570,27128560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maz,"Alrite having invested 1k+ hours in 7dtd i thought it was about time i should do this review.The game has massively changed and overhauled since its release in December 2013.It went through an engine change / upgrade, Better textures, AI, name it all.....The devs are also very active even being a small team but still manage to give some decent periodic updates.The current Alpha 15 version of the game is so far the best i have ahad played.I play this on a MP server which is PVE only and the community is epic there.With vast crafting options and 100's of building blocks to choose from, you can build pretty much any thing you want.The whole point of this game is to build a defence agist Zombies who come strong as a big horde on the 7th day.The weapons are limited in each category but well balanced. the weather system is also a survival threat which you have to overcome based on the biome wher you are.You can farm food and hunt to feed yourself or just loot food in and other supplies abandoned cities sometimes infested with the dead.There is also a skill system whch enhances the quality, speed and unlocks craftable items.So all in all this game has a bit of every thing you might want and is continously improving and I definately recommend it espically with such a small price tag."
,Recommended,251570,27324678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Biggboi,Great game. I like it.
,Recommended,251570,29088585,Posted: 7 January,all,YohannfrankfurderIII,"/satire onAt 636 hours in, this game is the worst 4 cents per hour I've ever spent.I really hate how many hours I've spent cowering while I try to build a small defensive hovel before nightfall when the zombies attack.I hate how focused I am into the game so that I jump out of my chair thinking that I've been attacked by a zombie when my wife walks into the room (oh yeah, great fun for her; and no, she doesn't look like a zombie... well except when she uses that green face mask stuff).I find it truely horiffic that I'm FORCED TO ACTUALLY THINK and to try to come up with new and creative ways to foil the zombies.And I really really really hate how when I finally build a huge defensive castle where I can relax and do whatever I want without too much concern about the zombies, the developers release a new version. Arrrgggghhhh new features new stuff new zombies, I have to start all over again at the begining and I am forced to plod through another 40 or 60 hours of entertainment. A pox on them! Just when I think I'm over my addiction, new content.Don't waist your 4 cents an hour. If you save it, after a just a few years you'll have 25 bucks and can buy a different game.:-p"
,Recommended,251570,25125418,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,PowerMan1469,"Super fun with friends, lots to do! game gets a little laggy with a friend hosting when the horde comes and we both have pretty good CPU and connections wish that was a littler smoother but overall the game is alot of fun. Hope to see newer stuff in update to 15!"
,Recommended,251570,24031097,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Raelyth,A well made crafting game with a side of zombie survival.  One of the best games ive played in a while for this genre.  A few glitches here and there but nothing to stop playing over.  Love this game and the direction it is taking.Well done the fun pimps!!
76561197981959164,Recommended,251570,24031890,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Prickly TomCat,"I'm completely addicted to this game!  After 35 hrs single player play I haven't had one crash so yes it does run stable on my system.  Find a solid building and make it a fortress, pillage as many resources as you can, there are plenty.  Great game, thanks for making it, the final version should be great!"
76561198195408143,Recommended,251570,32780900,Posted: 25 June,all,Aboss258,This last patch took a huge step back in my eyes. The first alpha 16 patch was incredible. I understand they are trying to get the render distance right but it was awesome with the first patch. I kept falling through the map in this last patch because it was trying so hard to get everything rendered in. Still one of my favorite games tho
,Recommended,251570,32736721,Posted: 24 June,all,Skyra Hope,"I think this game is fantastic! Very addictive and would recommend it to others. I like the avalability of making a map with no zombies, then trying to beef up a fort to see when I turn them on I can keep them away. I know its only in the alpha stage but don't let this fool you!"
76561197981582829,Recommended,251570,22999782,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DragginMaster,"The game has graphics that will please anyone who finds the squareness of minecraft to be lacking and the crafting system has quite a bit going for it and there are mods / modders that take it to a level I hope the developers emulate.I find lighting a base to be quite difficult to acheive pleasingly, torches are quite droll.Like most survival games, to me anyone, the fun is getting yourself established, but once you have a solid base and no longer fear starving is when 7D2D starts to lose its focus."
76561197974903240,Recommended,251570,15254129,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Recoil,"Dayz + Minecraft.  This is an engine designed how all the rest should be. While the game is still in Alpha, the world feels excellent.  Minor bugs are still abound but overall this game is looking amazing and plays awesome! I can't wait for future updates."
,Recommended,251570,32841802,Posted: 26 June,all,Greg,"My wife and I play this game and love it! It's really addicting. Love the crafting, and building out a defense plan to survive the night. Really fun to build and explore. Feels like there are countless things to do and try. My wife doesn't normally even like games with 1st person shooter elements, but she is right there head-shotting zombies in order to grab better loot for crafting. haha. Lots of fun. Great job devs! Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,251570,31674178,Posted: 10 May,all,MH370 AIR HOSTESS SURVIVOR,"Good game, just not my type of game"
76561198148366075,Recommended,251570,11813471,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[JTF2]Buck,This is a good and cool game    I recommend this game so much
76561198065576954,Recommended,251570,16364154,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Peeka,"This is a bargin at 9.95, worth playing, many days, weeks, months of fun gaming and creating,  There are bugs galore but the dev team are constantly putting out patches to improve the game.  Zombies need more work, but the potential of a great game remains,Try this game, learn how to play in the world and make of it what you will, you have the building blocks to make an intensely exciting game, however with all games that you spend a lot of time in, you might find the gameplay gets easier, no problem you can make it harder, modify the game if you are savvy with that, make zombies faster slower, hit harder, spawn more often or not, make resources less or more, add player created mods to help make your game even better.There is so much you can do only limited by your imagination, with more work to be done I cant wait to see what developes.  You wont regret playing this try it out."
76561198201375286,Recommended,251570,29064259,Posted: 6 January,all,(\/)(0_0)(\/),"7 days to die - in my opinion the best game about a zombie apocalypse. The main advantages - a large number of possibilities - farming shahterstvo, blacksmithing, cooking - only a small part of the things you can do besides killing zombies and find the necessary supplies. This game - a kind of mixture of age, dayz and minecraft. Nice graphics, elegant atmosphere of survival and a constant feeling of danger - the main satellites of this game. If you love zombie survival shooter with a fairly realistic dismemberment, construction, stealth, play online with friends or solitary survival - welcome to our world, the world of the zombie apocalypse, 7 days to die.Small appeal to developers:You guys are just brilliant! I am very grateful to you for such a wonderful game! I really hope that it will continue to grow! Many will agree with me that this game is very much needed working motor-vehicle - cars, motorcycles, armored personnel can even! Also really miss composes the sound of the old version! Sound atmosphere needs your attention, this is important! As companions, NPCs, they would be a very nice addition to the game, but not as critical as cars and new sounds! I wish you luck and patience to develop, remember that in some way you are - pioneers in the gaming industry and a huge number of fans count on you!"
,Recommended,251570,14002857,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,OnePoorMofo,Walk 5 steps fell through the map10/10 would fall again!
,Recommended,251570,29604026,Posted: 31 January,all,Aponnk,yes
,Recommended,251570,26748363,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Damonster,the curry is good
76561198012044442,Recommended,251570,8630147,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fix,Great game i love it!!!!
76561197992885051,Recommended,251570,12394822,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Arthur,"I can't give a review on single player. Multiplayer experience is incredible. It's a combat-improved minecraft. The game is overall lower production value than minecraft, but you feel like you are struggling to survive. Remember to turn off the cheat console on your personal servers."
76561198145683808,Recommended,251570,23973778,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,3 Legged Dog,From the couple hrs I have put in. This game can be addictive. Just a littleKeep up the good work On the game and its updates.
76561198236680388,Recommended,251570,23544398,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Hunter YT,"A better version of Minecraft that is more realistic and not all ""blocky"" like hoe Minecraft is.  :D"
76561198368052869,Recommended,251570,33453602,Posted: 11 July,all,Shivvy1122,I liked how especcially in Alpha 16 it was easy to learn and be able to understand how to play. I like how the comunity is so interested in the game and how much time people put into playing it. I would and have recomended it to other people
,Recommended,251570,33449735,Posted: 11 July,all,DJAndieK,"One of my favourite Zombie survival games. It's quite similar to H1Z1 except that it doesn't need super high-end GPU to run it. Also, it tends to actually work where as H1Z1 constantly crashes.This games definitely gives you the creeps when you are low on resources and there are zombies lurking in your area!The only real drawback is the lack of zombie types. If they had a few more it would make for more scariness."
76561198264156963,Recommended,251570,33471296,Posted: 11 July,all,Fëanáro⑇TheMAN⑇,Best survival zombie crafting game. have some in game bugs problem. Still on early access hope it will be even better on full release.
,Recommended,251570,33466226,Posted: 11 July,all,Goten Black,Good game and nice graphics but I'd love to have like a spear or something like rust:) but overall Nice game.
76561198035407625,Recommended,251570,33438430,Posted: 10 July,all,OMGitsKen,Great game! Days and days of fun! Can't wait for the finished developments they will make on the game!
76561198052575335,Recommended,251570,33439825,Posted: 10 July,all,MaxBetatron,"This game has some frutrating issues. However, all things considered? It might be the best game I have ever played.Open world doesn't even begin to describe it. Imagine MineCraft but with realistic graphics. The random gen setting allows for one of the most exciting gaming experiences I have ever had. That includes Zelda BOTW.Don't believe the hate. Buy the game and learn it. Works great with the Steam controller too."
76561197974083217,Recommended,251570,28008676,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chef_Fungi_Czar,"Want to explore endlessly? checkWant to build an epic castle from scratch? checkLike killing zombies? checkLike the challenge of surviving? checkMay 'only' be in Alpha but developers are VERY active, well supported, and eager to improve."
76561198047792503,Not Recommended,251570,27297588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Centervillain Jr.,Fun but not great. Especially for the price.
76561198027375129,Recommended,251570,29887007,Posted: 12 February,all,Kazuma4523,"Fun game, even more fun when you have multiple people playing on a single server. Can't wait to see what comes nextin the developemnt of the game."
76561198035612819,Recommended,251570,26081854,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,T-Brock,"Memorable 7 Days experiences:My first zombie kill:I had just crafted my very first stone hatchet. It was a beautiful piece of crap. As I marveled at my creation, I looked up and saw a lone walker shambling along looking mostly harmless.  I decided that this would by my first brawl with the undead. I collected my wits and charged toward my foe intent on hacking it to pieces. Blow after blow and attack after attack was traded as we grappled with each other in a lethal embrace. Finally I gained an advantage as one of my blows stunned the zombie. I capitilized on the opportunity and I continued to beat it down until finally the zombie fell to the ground, dead. I congragulated myself on my first victory in battle until slowly the zombie got back up to its feet and proceeded to march towards me again. Startled yet determined to secure my first kill, I swung my hatchet at its head over and over again. We once again traded blow after blow, attack after attack until I finally stunned the zombie again. I kept up my attack until finally it fell to the ground dead for the second time. Relieved, I wiped the sweat off my forehead from the trying encounter and realized the danger that I was in. These zombies are tough. As my thoughts trailed off to contemplate the difficulties of this game and what I would need to do to survive, the zombie, twice dead already, pushed its dead body up and came at me for a third time. ""This can't be happening,"" I thought as I hacked and hacked at the zombie. Once again it got stunned and fell dead to the ground, but this time I didn't stop. I kept swinging and swinging and swinging and swinging until finally the body bust into bones and entrails. I kept swinging and swinging and swinging and swinging. Then the bones and entrails burst into a blob of gore. I knew it wouldn't get up this time, but I kept swinging and swinging and swinging until the blob of gore dissapeared entirely. This entire time I had been screaming irl. My friend and I looked at each other and were like, ""Damn.""10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again.My first horde night:This was my seventh night. I had found a house on the first day and renovated it. I had built a trench around the front porch and protected the entrance with wood walls and a wood door. The trench was completely filled with wood spikes and my plan was to stall the zombies on the wood spikes long enough to shoot them with a bow and kill them. At 21:30 the sky turned blood red, undoubtedly foreshadowing my eminent death. I stood on the porch with a grand total of 150 stone arrows, defiantly determined to hold off the incoming horde that was famished for my flesh. At 22:00 the music played and the zombies spawned. Within moments five plus zombies were already wading through my wood spikes. I shot wildy into the dark as my candles did little to illuminate my targets. This was all in vain because by 22:30, two zombies had already broken into my first door and rushed me on the porch. I fired one arrow in their direction before they reached me. Within seconds I was stun locked and dead. This was going to be a long night. I respawned near my bed and ran for my life. I topped the first hill to see my house dimly lit by my 5 measly candles. I sprinted towards the front door. I dodged and weaved past sprinting zombie and sprinting zombie and finally made it to my front door. I quickly fumbled with the door and threw it open then I spun around as quickly as I could, and slammed it into the face of the entire horde that had been chasing me, nearly 10+ zombies. I hurried to the middle of the room, threw the door open to the safe tunnel that I was building, and rushed in. I opened the hatch and climbed down the ladder, down into the tunnel that I was carving out of the mountain. The plan was to dig a deep enough hole to eventually dig a tunnel out to the side of the mountain. That way if a horde broke through, you could just lead them through your tunnels and you could escape, unscathed. A ""if all else fails,"" plan. Well this tunnel was not yet finished. I had gotten down to my desired depth, but I still needed to dig out to the side of the mountain. Finally I reached the bottom and I crept around the corner and hid behind two base wood frames. Not even upgraded yet. I crouched and I listened hopelessly as the horde cried out for my flesh and tore apart my house in their attempts to get me. I assessed my situation. All I could do was wait. All my resources were upstairs and my loot bag was outside on the porch where they had first killed me. I had no time to grab it on the way in. During my mad dash to the house, I had taken a few hits from the surrounding zombies and my grand 17 hp didn't do much to bolster my confidence about the situation. While I continued to think about how bad my situation was, time began to pass. It hit 5 AM. One hour to go and this horrid night would be over and the zombies would stumble out of my house, unaware of my presence. 6 AM! Finally. The night is over. I wait for the zombies to leave. The sounds of wood breaking apart stops. The hideous snarls and growls all cease. They lose track of my scent as I lay hidden at the bottom of a damp hole. I hear some stumble outside. Then I see him... ""Zombies can climb ♥♥♥♥ing ladders! WTF??? Why!"" I bemoan as I watch the lone walker float down the ladder, not even utilizing the grips, or even facing the ladder for that matter. Despite the hilarity, I'm still in shock and fear as I wish the walker to return up his ladder and out of my house to where he came from. I lay still behind my wood frames, which are transparent. The zombie still doesn't see or sense me. He climbed back up the ladder and I heaved a sigh of relief. Until he came down again. Followed by a friend of his. I know I'm dead now. They're gonna block each other from going up and they'll eventually walk around the corner and find me. I sit there for a minute waiting for the inevitable, torn between wanting it over as quickly as possible and wishing that they'd both somehow find a way out of the house that didn't include munching on my innards. My wishes held no bearing on reality as the first zombie began to stiffly walk in my direction. He soon found me and tackled me to the ground and bit at my stomach tearing out my intestines and splattering my blood upon the walls. His friend shuffled in and took his place at the buffet de me.10/10 would be buffet again.7 days is amazing. Mainly due to its incredible AI that will literally hunt you no matter where you are and no matter what you do. You will never be able to put up enough walls or enough wood spikes, because when horde night comes you will most likely die many many times before you can successfully survive one. This game is not for the faint of heart. If you can't handle dieing over and over again then this game is not for you. But if you enjoy truly being scared for your life and you enjoy a really challenging experience then this game is definitely that."
76561198218128241,Recommended,251570,32644121,Posted: 22 June,all,qawzse24,REALLY FUN
,Recommended,251570,27539049,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arapuk,You kill a chicken and then you make bacon.
,Recommended,251570,32753740,Posted: 24 June,all,PresidentSnow,"Two things kill this game for me.- DOGS : they are near impossible to kill without also dying (bleeding out) myself, and this is on easy mode.- Severe lack of healing options. There are a couple of ways to heal, but they are difficult to obtain.It would be nice to have more options for healing. It would be nice to have the option in the mod section to disable animals. Even so I will still play and die numerous terrible deaths by dog while trying to explore the cities."
76561197962165590,Recommended,251570,32905625,Posted: 27 June,all,Russelc,"Overal fun to play, but deffinetly still a work in progress continued glitches in movement especially at high speeds aka minibikes.   Would recomend to anyone though as a great way to spend several hundred hours..."
76561198332384550,Recommended,251570,33565764,Posted: 15 July,all,Domo,Love the open world and the climb to end game is pretty time consuming but oh so worth the hasstle when you finally reach it!
,Recommended,251570,33575468,Posted: 15 July,all,Docdra,"A game that gets better and better as time goes by - in fact, one of the few EA games that is totally enjoyable right now, with AAA-like features.   It may not be the prettiest zombie survival game out there, but between the crafting, world generation, sense of foreboding, etc. this game has pretty much all others in the genre beat.I haven't experienced any game breaking bugs, but have experienced a few issues with getting caught in doorways.  For some reason I sometimes get bumped into the air and end up stuck on top of doors.  It has only happened 4 times in almost 50 hours of play and I can usually get out be destroying the door beneath me, but it can be a pain if it happens when zeds are nearby.  Other than that, no other bugs to report at this time.++Pros++- Real sense of foreboding at night- A deep crafting system- Lots of replayability with randomly generated worlds- Nice variety of zombies/enemies- Very active devs- Very good price point considering what you get--Cons--- While the learning curve isn't exactly steep, it can be a pain to get a good start (do some research)- Zombies can seem a little too prescient with the heat map system the devs have in place- NPCs are sparse, making it seem like the only people that survived are you and traders- Farming is a bit of a joke - gather plants, make one seed from one plant, plant seeds, get exactly the same number of plants from seeds planted - in other words, you don't get multiple seeds from one plant, thus you never get ahead which makes farming a waste of time and very unrealistic"
76561197978334641,Recommended,251570,33632983,Posted: 18 July,all,[LT3] Cookie,1127 Hours in now since first release years ago and this is my first review.Never have I played a game that has recieved so much love from it's development team over such a great span of time.  This latest release has got to be it's finest so far.  As far as survival goes this game rewards the prepared... and by being prepared you really have to think out your objectives for each mission and supply yourself appropriately otherwise you WILL regret not having done so.  Too many games have tailored and adjusted their dynamics to appease the mellinial mentality where kids want immediate gratification for minimal effort.   Back in the day games pushed you to work for what you have...  this game has definitely tapped into this and I applaud the devs for doing so.  Most of the deaths i've experienced i can usually sit back in my chair and think... yeah that was stupid of me.  Its not to say you cant get away with pushing the limmits... this comes with it's rewards also.  But if you neglect mutiple factors while pushing for the prize you will regret it... either by dehydration or lack of stamina where a vulture's pesky attack finally finnishes you off because you failed to prepare for such an encounter.  Ok cant wait to play another round... see ya!
,Recommended,251570,30639856,Posted: 20 March,all,NardoLoopa,"Version A15:If you thought Minecraft lacked purpose and danger, and Fallout 4 phoned in base building, then this is the game for you.7D2D offers several games in one:- When you have no idea how the mechanics of the game work, it offers the pleasure of trial and error (aka death), in a survival scenario.  Can Zombies climb ladders?  Am I safe up here?  And all the mechanics are discoverable without a wiki.  Except this: mushrooms need to be planted in chess-board fashion.- It also provides a nice string of progressive needs and satisfactions: can't find drinkable water? look for a pot; night vision is an issue? make a mining helmet; always hungry?  Start a farm.- Eventually you'll dominate the environment.  At this point you can play Minecraft during the day, and fend off hordes at night.  But the game has a second stage . . .  Starvation Mod!- Starvation Mod is basically hard-mode.  However, it pulls off a rare trick: even at late stages you can't dominate the environment to the point of boredom.  Where 7D2D Vanilla kept me interested for at least 60hours, Starvation Mod extended that to over 250.  250 game days and I still had things to do in game; quests to achieve; problems to solve; dangers I still had to run from.- Then there's the brutally hard True Survival mod.  It's an exercise in masochism.  After 70hrs, I found my limit.I think my favorite part of the game is time-management.  Not like some stopwatch, but just an eye on the clock.  Can I loot this house and still get back to base?  At a certain time of night the Zombies start running.  I've spent more than a few nights in a panic-room, still as a mouse, hoping the Zed would stop banging on my door, and lose interest.  Crap, I forgot it was day 7 . . ."
76561198052361818,Recommended,251570,33661197,Posted: 19 July,all,Sylent Thundar,every update brings  a new adventure in 7 days to die
,Not Recommended,251570,28441735,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JJ2handz Dodgy McSpanky,"save your money. Atleast till beta. Why?* Script kittys love to grief.* major server lag.* Unstable game engine.*A couple ""game breaking"" bugs.*lazy and/or small dev team (even free to plays push out more updates).With that all pushed aside, the game is fun. But as it stands i cant help but leave a negative review. Have a good day."
76561197972341321,Recommended,251570,26215795,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Fraggle,"What can I say about this game?  It's changed a lot since I started playing.  I have over 1k hours.  I PVP'ed and trolled.  I built things.  I made underground bases by spending hours hitting rocks...The zombie AI is still meh.  The game is still Alpha and there are many issues.  I played non-stop, left, came back, played non-stop.  It's best to have a GROUP of people to live/play with.  Everything takes time.  If you're a solo player you best get underground and keep quiet :p Even then people will dig holes and look through the ground and find you.  There is no ""safe place"", only extreme PIA bases that take forever to get into.  There's no such thing as an ""unraidable base"", unless you're 1) cheating, or 2) not following server rules (aka a skinny♥♥♥♥♥tower where the only way in would be to grief said base).Hoping  this game goes somewhere and brings me back for more.  I loved it, and I'm sure you will to, but just remember it is alpha, annnnnd it makes it easy for cheaters/dupers/glitcher/creative use of game mechanics players to ruine your day/week/months of building in a couple of hours."
76561198159517457,Recommended,251570,29711321,Posted: 4 February,all,GoreAsylum186,"- can you survive the 7 days?-what can i say... lets start with the negatives: the zombies arent the most graphically pleasing ive seen..thats it!Positives:if you think minecraft has a hidden agenda in entertainment rather than just pacifying youre 7yo child, and you enjoy black ops style zombie survival..... then this game is all that with a dash of rpg - character building. 7D2D is one of those amazing games that doesnt get the spotlight it deserves.my hour count is low on here because this game was such a hit i went and got it for console!"
,Recommended,251570,33553181,Posted: 15 July,all,Eccentric Oddball,This game keeps me entertained for hours on end the days I have the time available to play it. I look forward to spending many many more hours playing this game.
,Recommended,251570,33709357,Posted: 21 July,all,Palmladd,"After many, many hours of playing 7dtd I still love this game.  The developers keep moving it along and improving it consistently.    It is challenging at first, but over time you will figure it out.  It allows you to survive hordes of zombies in different ways; you can create your own fortress, dig a deep hole to hide, or to just run around trying to stay alive."
76561198065127577,Recommended,251570,27762788,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PsychoHan,"Want to be stressed out? Or just high strung. Or run from zombies because they run at you at night and then just hide, hoping that everything you built over the last 5 hours isn't destroyed. Or realize that the hitbox is a little bit unfair (or you just suck at aiming) and then rage, and then realize that you're going to die, lose everything, and just cry? This is a wonderful game for you then."
,Recommended,251570,29374707,Posted: 20 January,all,Gato!,one of my favorite games of all time.My first experience online -Die many timesFigure out how not to dieBorrow in to a mountainside and create a forge industy that allows trade with others for itemsGet shot by flying admin with a magnum
,Recommended,251570,29371642,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr. Pants,"Essentially an upgraded version of minecraftEnemies are an actual threatWorld generation isn't nearly as predictableCrafting is a bit more complexVisually betterMuch better hosting optionsBetter weapons by farUnless I'm going to get into minecraft mods, there's not much reason to go back.Only complaint is zombie hits cause the character to be dazed and walk at quick-sand speeds. It's just very frustrating. Animations aren't very fluid and overall feels like a stiff game."
76561198033543739,Recommended,251570,15747383,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,flyingltj,"I recommend this game, but with some reservations. 600+ hours in this game over the past year has shown me a lot and here's the rundown:Pros:-Excellent concept with excellent execution.-Expansive world with both storyline map and random map generation.-Super creepy atmospheric vibe with equally super creepy ambient sounds.-Creativity, problem solving, surviving, few dull moments, with lots to discover.-Bugs get fixed in a good, fast, realistic time frame.Cons:-Very low zombie variety, most zombies are just various skins on the same model.-Predictability in AI behavior, item scavenging, and resource gathering.-Game's staff on official forums frequently belittle and are intentionally rude to customers.-Game features listed on their kickstarter page are still not implemented into game after nearly 2 years, possibly due to their small staff size.  The features are coming, but at a snail's pace, again due to their small staff.All in all it's a very well polished game for an alpha.  This game really has a good vision and a bright future ahead of it.  If it could just pick up it's pace and step out of the semi-unprofessional atmosphere it seems to be in 7D would be much closer to the ideal zombie survival game.  Unfortunately I suspect this game will also keep it's ""Perpetual Alpha"" disclaimer far longer than most other games out there."
,Recommended,251570,12436729,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Wind Brahmin,"As a game in its Alpha phase, this is an awesome project. While I personally have a hard time enjoying the game a lot when the servers are reset often (due to the world getting messed up, servers being updated, or at the administrator's whim), I am pleased with the almost weekly updates. These updates add smaller features and bug fixes, while there are bigger updates that take longer to make. The big updates feature things such as new recipes or random world gen. 7DTD is a survival crafting game, with emphasis on both fields. Survival revolves around the need to eat and taking time to loot and craft. The zombies are also getting stronger and ""smarter"" making the game more about aurvivng the night when the zombies are at their prime.As stated earlier, great game, and only keeps getting better. 8/10"
,Recommended,251570,33818083,Posted: 26 July,all,Scrubbo,fun as ♥♥♥♥
76561198005528957,Recommended,251570,25520184,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DarkForces,Completely awesome game. Spent many hours with friends building up bases and owning zombies. We even run a server for a long time now.Best purchase on steam ever and loving the videos and interaction with the community. Would recommend this game to anyone. Each patch is just amazing and the guys at TFP have done great things.
76561198072752933,Recommended,251570,33811754,Posted: 26 July,all,Marauder,DOPE AF
76561198096846285,Recommended,251570,16870830,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,usswanker,Foolishly I went scavenging by myself. I race house to house as more and more zombies are gathering outside of town but I figure I'll be able to outsmart them.Lured a hoard of them inside of a two story house. I raced upstairs and started destroying the stairway with my axe. If there isn't stairs they cant get me. The first half of the stairs are destroyed but as I look up to finish the job 8 shamblies come moaning up after me.No time! One just missed me as I book it to the nearest windowsill trying to smash it out with my axe. A sickly bloated fat zombie is trying to get at me so I give it a few chops to the head and it goes down. I desperately continue with the window until it smashes open. The rest of the hoard is making its way upstairs. I jump.My leg is broken........and here they come.
76561198034062659,Recommended,251570,33805540,Posted: 26 July,all,Lovan,"Let's make this simple as this is my first review, I played it with one of my friends and absolutely loved it and still do, however i think it's not a game for everyone but is amazing if you like the genre, maybe you will get a better idea if you would like to read on from my few bullet points.Be aware i may spoil some things like zombie types.The best thing in my opinion for me was the crafting/level progression which is quite fun especially in a group where you all take different jobs and work together as a team.The defense/horde system of the game is quite good and intense like it should be but some nights you can just spend sitting around in my case your ""little shack"" waiting for the morning to come, but adds a needed layer of difficulty which i believe can be pumped up if you like a challenge.The game has a few bugs and glitches which only a few were really ""gamebreaking"" for me in my playtime i remember specificly dying and my backpack fell through the world however i did die falling on a hill and the game is early access so i'm assuming in time the game will be mostly polished from bugs but honestly wasn't a big problem for me while playing.This game is an excuse to play a horror game with someone who usually will refuse to play a horror game, I was in tears laughing multiple times when my friend and i were just minding our own buisness or in a dark attic at night and something just comes running at you (Zombie bears or my most hated ""Big Lady"" from the new update) because you wern't ready or paying attention.Overall i would say I really did enjoy the game and probably will continue to enjoy it if my friend continues playing or if they bring out new content (with or without bugs) and this is a really good co-op experience if you and your friends like the game.Quick hint: Don't start a randomly generated world, create the offical premade world ""Navezgane"" or you'll find yourself wandering nothingness for a whileThe game is great as it is and has a ton of potential so i hope they continue to update it with loads of new content.Highly Recommended if you have friends who like it too.8/10"
,Recommended,251570,33822720,Posted: 26 July,all,[GSDF] Mericλn,"-Logs into A16 MP server-Get great gear-Friends and self decide to move into skyscraper, with no idea of the ""sleeper"" function-Hundreds of panicked gunshots and earrape screams in mics-Only I make it out with no ammo, little health, and infection.10/10 would room clear again."
,Recommended,251570,18064398,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DirtyBird1914,"One of the greatest games I have ever played in it's genre. I was hesitant at first, since I'm not a huge fan of zombie related games but I decided to give it a shot. So far I have 193 hours on record and there will be a lot more. The crafting and mining process is the best I've tried in any survival crafting game. I've mainly played on my own servers, but people in general are a lot more friendly than a lot of other of these type of games. I've been attacked without interaction just twice in 193 hours of gameplay. The developers are actually working on making it better as opposed to some early access games I've purchased just to find out there are no updates.I also own DayZ, Rust, Ark, Reign of Kings so I do have some experience with these type of games.The only negative that I can think of is that the game uses a ton a memory. I've seen it spike at 7-8gb before. It's really only an issue if you have less than 8gb of RAM, and I'm confident this will be fixed in the future."
76561198138671255,Recommended,251570,27755515,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dotas movutyan momgoni,gdfgdgd
76561198041211258,Recommended,251570,15238410,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,emkay,Very nice zombiesurvival with minecraft elements just the right mix to keep you playing a good time long.
,Recommended,251570,29985547,Posted: 17 February,all,lyndonguitar,"Went ahead and tried this game without expecting anything really. Too many zombie/survival/crafting/openworld games out there, and I played a lot of them. but it was on sale and a lot of people are playing it, so why not try it?Turns out the game is actually fun after all, playable even at Early Access, not much game breaking bugsGame looks bad graphically, but I'll let that pass because the gameplay is rich and immersivePROSGreat to play coop with friends, although playing alone is still fun. with friends it's twice the fun.Huge openworld map, with an option to start on a procedurally(randomly) generated mapInteresting crafting/base building system, similar to MinecraftFully destructible environments, there is no limit in where you can build and what can you destroyIntense feeling at night time, when zombies are actively looking for you while you are hidingCONSGraphicsMost of Nighttime spent sitting around cause you can't skip night time by sleeping, you can't go out at night either because zombies are too strong, unless you are already well gearedScore: 8.4/10"
76561198087799042,Recommended,251570,32779965,Posted: 25 June,all,douglaserdman,This is an awesome game for being in early access. Updated often & very polished.
76561198088190452,Recommended,251570,8350523,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LemNboi,"Very fun game, I recommend it to anyone who has played minecraft or any zombie game lovers."
76561198153532580,Recommended,251570,28850095,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Lord of Madness |TFM| |STAR|,"7 Days to Die is a post-apocalypse survival sandbox, putting you in the shoes... or, i guess, rags... of a ordinary human, trying to find his/her way along in this ruined world. As the dead walk again, your instincts will be put to the test. Where will you hide? What will you build as a weapon? Is it safe to go out at night? Whatever you decide to do, you must know that 7 days away, a horde will attack your base, so that they may destroy you. Do you have what it takes to survive against the increasing numbers?7 Days to Die revolves around surviving in a ruined world. You will be urged to make use of your limited time to prepare a base to defend against the horde. With this limited time, you will need to collect simple rescources, along with weapons, clothing, food, and more. Littered all around these gigantic worlds are the remains of houses and cities, which you can loot for goods. On the 7th night, you will be attacked by a large horde of zombies, who will destroy you, unless you can fend them off.Pros:-Many different settings, allowing you to adjust the gameplay to fit your wants-Multiplayer support, allowing you to survive with friends-Very in-depth character customization-A multitude of weapons, armor, tools, and building supplies will be at your disposal-Large, randomlly generated worlds, with a variety of biomes, each with their own pros and consCons:-Even at easiest difficulties, some may find the first days challenging-Not too many different types of buildings can be found-Several bugs and glitches still remain-Can become bothersome collecting supplies-There is no definiate way to spawn near your friends, so they may spawn a few feet away from you, or a few milesOverall:I rate 7 Days to Die 9/10. Although this game can be difficult for some, the time you will spend in this game will be worth while. With a multitude of customizing features, you can mold the gameplay however you wish. But as all sandboxes can be, boredum can set in, and very quickly. You will require a lot of patience to spend the in-game days chopping down trees, or for mining, just so you can build a couple parts that will influence your survival. If you like games, such as Unturned, or DayZ, this game is certainly for you!"
76561198194804315,Recommended,251570,33201796,Posted: 3 July,all,abrownie450,Once you dig in it grabs you an doesn't let go.  Play with friends.
,Recommended,251570,27432393,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dietary Supplement,The only version of Minecraft that I like.
76561198081933207,Recommended,251570,33860759,Posted: 28 July,all,RajkoX,"Updates taking too long? Yes, but every update brings whole new game to play. Intensive crafting, looting, its a game for a hardcore crafter and explorer. Not for FPS and battleroyale fans, although some PvP servers offer such gameplay. Overall great game..."
76561198245171430,Recommended,251570,25221632,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Silent_arrow,good game little buggy
,Recommended,251570,28960376,Posted: 2 January,all,PP.Barnix,"Very good game, if you are looking for hours of fun, this is the game especially with friends."
76561197970718276,Recommended,251570,13619739,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheRealMrBobo,This game has sucked more than 200 hours out of me just in the last month.  Well worth it!
76561198206257588,Recommended,251570,25598686,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cooper223,"Saw this in the news section of 7 Days to Die ""After years in Early Access, 7 Days to Die continues to waste its potential""still 10/10 zombie survival game"
76561198044876300,Recommended,251570,29173307,Posted: 10 January,all,Jarude,"My friends and I absolutely love this game! I've played 40+ hours in under a month and it's still exciting. The amount of content, and the fact that content is still being rolled out is amazing. I feel like the technological advancement is spaced out beautifully, aligning with the increase in zombie difficulty. We upgrade, and then learn that there are more upgrades. More difficult zombies lead to new base strategies and use of new constuction materials. The game has great pace and continues to teach us new things. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys crafting/survival games!"
76561198123921535,Recommended,251570,27913995,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mehh,"A great game. You could say its Minecraft... But BETTER. Such a great game, but starting off with no experience is a little hard. Otherwise I recommend it. MUltiplayer is fun too."
,Recommended,251570,29660358,Posted: 2 February,all,Agent Yanni,"Wow what a game i love it, best real world/survival game out there.!!!! only wish workshop was added or a level editor."
76561198005220782,Recommended,251570,29662213,Posted: 2 February,all,Nigi,Best game ever. Highly recommend
76561198057482447,Recommended,251570,17171260,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Paralin,"Alright to start out I Love how this game is actually challenging from level 1 all the way to level 60 the zombie hordes at night will still kill you pretty quick even with the best gear if your prepared to run away while fighting. Unlike other games once you max out you will not have unlimited supplies and will always have to go scavanging. The building physics in the game is cool as hell and can be unforgiving if you do not think of how to design your base, outpost, or any structure,There are a few issues/bugs in the game but they are not game breaking and they can be fustrating. But you have to remember that 7 days to die is still in ALpha and that its not a full released or completed game. This 7DTD has great potential, so dont listen to the people that give bad revive yes its there opinion but there complaining about a game thats still in development that has bugs and issues that will be address in future updates.I recommend this game if you like an real challenge throughout the entire game play and not easymode by the time you get to level 60."
76561198152934295,Recommended,251570,29304195,Posted: 16 January,all,[USA]UppityBlock0062*USA*,Worth it great game really amazing
,Recommended,251570,29304225,Posted: 16 January,all,LuckTZM,"I just lost time in this game. For me this is the Minecraft hard mode. Love it.H ave to add that game is hard... like i was (still am even after 15hrs) with stuff.. for example those crazy strong lumberjack snow zombies roaming around in snow areas... But stuff like this makes the game so fun, not to mention all the options you can togle before you start (to make it harder or easier or just tweak one thing you dont like or want... for example i have turned on minimnap markers for supply drops)"
,Recommended,251570,15615822,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,spartan117m15,Amazing game! Love it! So hard to stop playing especially once you figure out the crafting and constructing. So amazing having to add in support pillars in massive mines in order to prevent collapse. I really enjoy having to monitor the structural integrity of things.Keep up the awesome work devs!
76561198226093964,Recommended,251570,23879296,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,andrenewton11#CGG,LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH GOOD JOB DEVS
76561198122834179,Recommended,251570,18848769,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,the-m-man,Amazing game hard if you don't know what to do
,Recommended,251570,18999269,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Marville Jones,"For the first few nights on the default settings (Alpha 12.5) I was having a lot of trouble learning the game and surviving, but once I got past the basics and knew the ropes to zombie defence of a night time... BOOM! I was loving the game more than ever! I think alpha 13 will fix a lot of probelms in this game and also add in so much more that we currently need in this amazing title, but at the moment alpha 12.5 is not only fun to enjoy alone or with a friend or two, but it's intriguing to the point where all I want to do is explore, loot and build all day!So this is not the best review I've written about a game, but if havent played it yet I would describe this as a miz between Minecraft (you didn't see that coming) and Dayz (ish).7 Days To Die (Alpha 12.5) I give a 8/10"
76561198146773126,Recommended,251570,19002574,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,billblast81,The best online survival game right next to rust
,Recommended,251570,18790134,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,woof,"Best survival sandbox game I've ever played, and the updates keep getting better and better!"
76561198144672116,Recommended,251570,18979982,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,susfun,"Public Match: Built underground hideout you had to swim to enter.  Did really well until hacker broke in and stole all my junk and broke locks.  9/10 would be post-z rat again.Private Match: Took over hospital, built walls on stairs to keep Zombies out.  Zombies collapsed roof on us.  9/10 would die in cave-in again.Creator Mode: Used rocket launcher to mine to bedrock, built huge castle on stilts.  Only enterance was via a minibike ramp.  9/10 would lock myself out of my own castle again."
76561197995873275,Recommended,251570,18989102,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,cheeki breeki slavic bear,Very fun when you have friends with you BUT my only complaint is that the fighting is very hard on servers
76561198110159418,Recommended,251570,18826602,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NuTtY //::\\,Great game
76561198059784654,Recommended,251570,18845431,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sageous,It's a good game if you look past the kinks; just remember it's still in alpha.
76561198080912230,Recommended,251570,31605633,Posted: 7 May,all,Quiksilver,"Love this game so much I payed for a server for me and my buddies to build and enjoy playing, it's one of the best zombie survival games out there anbd I've played a few, just look at my library =)"
76561198118837218,Recommended,251570,24616374,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,crystalcleargrl,I have played this game since it began in Alpha! I really love it! This game is great to play with friends! I love the Minecraft feel of schavenging and using these items to survive. I like that the zombies are faster at night so it means you really need to find a place to bunker down. I like that there are a very wide range of weapons! You can master whatever you like the most. The addition of the skill points made the game even more exciting.  I like that all of the zombies have different characteristics. The screamer that attracts hordes is the best addiction. I like that you can farm and cook these items to create a good meal. I love that there are houses and towns and that the map is created as you explore. My only complaint is the water. Sometimes you drown just by being in the water. No explanation. Also the zombies cannot swim or drown. Instead the walk along the ground under the water.
,Recommended,251570,16863602,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Soulcast,"The only way I would not recommend this game is if the person I was talking to was short on patience, or didn't like challenging games.Their is not an in game tutorial.... When you load for the first time, you are randomely placed and you have no idea what's going on, or what you are supposed to do. Because this is a survival game, time is very important (especially in the beggining); so, learning it on your own is harsh and may turn you away from the game. If you don't watch a fan-made tutorial video, or have a friend that knows what they are doing already, you will likely have to die many times; maybe even remake a few games. On top of that, each major update adds more content to make the game even more challenging.There are really two ways to play: Building a fortress or digging a hole and settling down, or, being a nomad and taking shelter in pre-made structures. Playing the ""Minecrafty"" portion of building structures to survive is not necessary, but some may find it easier than the gypsy life.The game is slow, and action comes in terrifying spurts. It's not about jumping in and slaughtering zombies; their are plenty of other games that offer that. This is a game about survival. The zombies add an additional challenge to survival. The developers have said that their end game goal is to make it difficult to survive even if zombies where absent. That's the game you would be buying.Either way, once you figure out the mechanics of the game, and what's important to do as soon as you spawn into the world, the game gets fun. Real fun. If you play with friends, it gets even better (for some, it may be the only way to play). Because the game is challenging, the fun is in the reward of survival. You can scour the internet and find stories people have posted of their time in game, and they usually end up dead. But how they got to that point made a story that you can't live in most games.It is a sandbox game, so you can do a lot. Trapped in a building? Break down the wall and run. Stuck in the middle of nowhere at night? Dig a hole and pray. You can't do EVERYTHING (but name a game where you can), but what is in the game so far allows you to do enough that it almost feels like you can do anything.The game is being actively worked on, with patch twelve planned to release today (07/03/15). Graphics aren't triple A, but few Indie games reach that level, and it's still better than you might expect. They have also been improving graphics as the patches come, re-doing models and various details.Ultimately, if you like challenging games that can feel rewarding, if you have the patience to beat the learning curve, if the graphics look good enough for you, and if you want something that is a little slower paced, then this game is for you. If you want something that's easy and action packed, you probably want to shop around some more."
,Recommended,251570,17409351,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,armiemann,"Where to begin... Proabobly that the game has a minibike and zombies. There is a lot more to the game than that of course. Aspects of Survival with Hunger, Health, and Hydration. Combat with Smell radiuses, weapon quality and effectiveness along with a slew of others. Unlike most sandboxes Structural integrety exists, meaning you have to consider how to build you base with considerations of durability from the swarms of zombies you must survive. The game in general is great but increadably un-optimised so for people with lower teir computers, beware FPS below 10 in player built areas."
76561198040667403,Recommended,251570,16059428,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,TorkilFTW,"Very fun, and different :D"
76561198315154949,Recommended,251570,33795151,Posted: 25 July,all,Gooby🌸,"I would reccomend this game, but there are flaws, you should buy this on a high based computer because it runs slow if you dont, but overall i would reccomend the game =3"
76561197980441768,Recommended,251570,33793561,Posted: 25 July,all,Pipouse,Best Game ever !But the A.16 has a lot of bug
,Recommended,251570,34466709,Posted: 24 August,all,✪ ItsDeiadara,"A cool refreshing survival experience, with infinite replayability and lots of new stuff being added. I recommend it even at full price :)"
76561198001635485,Recommended,251570,15633012,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Korben Wolf,"Backed this game when it was on kickstarter, to be honest it had a rough start. I did not play  alot  of it at first. Picked it back up a couple weeks ago, and I gotta say; Holy smokes, the basebuilding, the crafting the play mechanics are almost perfect. The game still is very much alpha still and has a way to go, but they are going in the right direction. I totally recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,251570,34056990,Posted: 6 August,all,DestroyerOfWorlds420,had a good time playing this. updated regulary. building is really fun.
,Recommended,251570,32581353,Posted: 19 June,all,Craighead,It's a pretty good game.
,Recommended,251570,18821154,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Panda,"Lots of crashes and bugs but it is still in alpha so yea.  Good game if it works but lots of bugs, 1 you cant change settings (atleast for me) without it crashing and sometimes you cant even play the damn game.  When it crashes it also closes steam so yea.  Horrible and i mean just ATROCIOUS launch speeds takes so long to boot into main menu and usually it crashes before you do.---CONCLUSION--- IF you want a really good game with a ton of minor bugs and a few gamebreaking bugs than this game is great and now its 55% off so great deal, but i dont see this game being near finished for a while and the random gen is INSANELY BUGGY you should rreally play on the non random map for a good experience."
,Recommended,251570,14230914,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Draxy,not the best quality but its ok (its a alpha game so its no done) but the point of the game is super awesome defently recommed it
,Recommended,251570,18309564,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RobotGamer1100,Like the game a lot. I enjoy the updates the developers put out. Im waiting for the full release to start playing again though. Keep up the great work!
76561198178463583,Recommended,251570,33922095,Posted: 31 July,all,DaddyThicc,I would like you to tell me how Zombies can run and walk under water?
76561198050084963,Recommended,251570,33461961,Posted: 11 July,all,Chruebert,"Did you like Terraria, but were missing 1 dimension?Did you like Ark but you felt crafting can be a bit strange and wish undead presence instead of Dinosaur taming for others?Did you like Minecraft, but you're eyeballs are already squareshaped?Have you sometimes enjoyed the shivering that the DayZ mod gave you but wished for Terraforming?Have you as well been waiting for DayZ standalone only to find out, the Rocket took off but the bases never came...Did you like Miscreated but wondered if most of the Mutants are on Vacation, while you keep looting for Junk?Have you played any 08/15 survival craftig game to find ot there is NOTHING to do?Have you gone mad buying badly reviewed games only to find out it's a running simulator without any progression?Aren't we missing something somewhere somehow?There is no answer why 80% of the games, dished out after the originals, are actually made of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only crap i found in this game can be used as fertilizer or to throw at people ;)As i progressed in this game i had to learn, there is no actual garbage present, anything is craftable gold for a scrap bandit...You awake in you're underwear like you have been drinking too much but youre buddy Noah left you some notes for how to go ahead. We know not for now what happend but all people seem to be on some bad drugs since they have blood red eyes, strange face colour, don't seem to talk normally and some of them will chew on your ankles after beating you up.So on this messed up area where everyone starts to litter and park as they please, you'll get yourself dressed up, get fit by jogging, feel hunger, thrist and striking heat or chilling winds. Since you know how to build a house in a day or make a stone axe that can even mine iron ores, you don't need to run half across the map finding your stuff. Build a house or just a bike anything goes and you can even build your place from the rubble you dig from the ground. Beware of the sunday nights, when Blood Moon Rave starts and all you're usuall mumbling braindead Neighbors loosing their♥♥♥♥♥♥ taking some weird stuff and tear you're newly built crib down, because they are too slow to hunt deers. Strangely they ain't going for your booze or blueberry cake but you are looking way too crispy and fresh for them to ignore...10/10 would not allow the neighbors in again ;)"
76561196749262146,Not Recommended,251570,31167745,Posted: 15 April,all,Grumpy,poo
76561198141546299,Recommended,251570,15457189,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ZΣПӨFΛLL,Noice Game9/10: It is good again
,Recommended,251570,32841051,Posted: 26 June,all,ChloeFox,"I absolutely LOVE 7 Days to Die.  If you are looking for a post apocolyptic crafting survival game, this is it!  It runs so smoothly, the devs are so active in the community and making the game better.  The game itself is extremely user friendly, not clunky and extremely addictive! 10/10"
76561198042957127,Recommended,251570,30990394,Posted: 6 April,all,dylanmergist,I love the game and concept but I've been having a lot of problems with opening and playing the game. Fix all your bugs so I can play my game :/
,Recommended,251570,33253245,Posted: 4 July,all,Prestige.UnNerved,"A brilliant game for what it is; Rust Legacy with Zombies. It has many great aspects, such as base building/upgrading, but the weapon system is a bit too harsh on players early game; find a gun, 3 uses and it breaks. Sure you can cheat, but it takes the fun out of it.Where this really thrives is the Multiplayer, with 1000s of players online to raid or befriend; I'd advise gathering a group to play this, as without friends it can become very difficult very quickly.7.5/10"
76561198024456581,Recommended,251570,30321248,Posted: 4 March,all,[TRC] Sid [NL],"This game is an early access and an Alpha build.... But goddam this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Getting your balls rocked by zombies your first time trough, and then slowly learning the basics and then getting supplies like water and food.Its like the best of minecraft and the best of DayZ, but better and with its own touch.10 out of 10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by zombies again."
,Recommended,251570,16294369,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Krimian II,"The game gets better and better with each new update (as they should).The recent move to Unity 5 was amazing too.Just get the game, build bases, bash zombies, kill players (if you want), build more bases.....All good!"
76561198095870963,Recommended,251570,27489188,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,|☁Fluffy☁ Gamdom.com|,Mom: Remember to eat 6 PMMe: Okay!9 PMMe: Just 5 more minutes of this game...Really it is a huge time eater... well worth money even on full price :)*Disclaimer* best with 1 or 2 friends :)
,Recommended,251570,13464954,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,amu,"This game is realy good. That being said, it has it's bug's but that is to be expected considering it is early access. In my opinion it is worth it to pick it up now because the bug's are very minor and not problematic. The worst bug I ever seen was when my friend and Me were playing he died and respawned in a lake and couldn't move. So we just restarted never happend again. overall 8.5/10 like skyrim with goldenrod tea!"
76561198081967301,Recommended,251570,28727080,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TattooJunkie,"I'm not a big fan of Zombie or survival games normally but this game has sucked me in and made me a believer. Even though it's still in Alpha and bugs are obviously present - the game is already quite enjoyable! For the survivalist, the builder, the FPS smash and grab type and even the farmer. This game caters to a lot of playing styles. I can't wait to see what the developers have in store for the next Alpha releases!"
76561198090674567,Recommended,251570,26329447,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Zoidberg,"The aspect of this game is amazing! Having to collect food, water, and other resources.  In the mean time, you have to worry about overheating and freezing, and also ZOMBIES! I love it! 9.5/10 would be 10/10 but some small glitches!"
76561198276930783,Recommended,251570,31476399,Posted: 30 April,all,Shinigami,recommend
,Recommended,251570,23882872,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,markhansaven,"I haven't played a funner game in my life, and that's after 2 days, 7 hours each day. I NEVER play a game for 7 hours. Then again, I haven't really played recent survivor games that have the built-in mic feature.Pro:If you go in with a microphone, and you can find people who are actually scared like I was, that have a sense of humor and will actually laugh and scream, it's really fun. I built a tower, then a giant bee came for me, and me being terrified of bees irl screamed like a little girl and ran for my team's shelter. The people I met, only 3 so far, are the best kind of people. Oh yeah, make sure that when you first get in, look for someone to join immediately if you can.Con:But...then there are the 'gamer kids'. I really don't enjoy playing with these types, they are really serious about everything, will DIG A HOLE for literally 3 HOURS OF THEIR LIFE connecting their base to yours (true story) without your permission within a PvE server...they use teamspeak and play tournament games and are way too serial about everything (seriously guys why are you playing this game, CHILL OUT for god's sake, the point of the game is to have fun and meet friends, not get a high score).But then again, I'm not really a 'gamer' or serious about anything."
,Recommended,251570,23882065,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,coolguyfor239,must play!
,Recommended,251570,23881975,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Interior Crocodile,"Its alright, its pretty good"
,Recommended,251570,32606980,Posted: 20 June,all,JakeTheSlayer8,"This game is great and i encourage people who love minecraft and other survival games it may be expensive, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,251570,16589541,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,videogamer8071,"I love this game, but in my opinion, it is not worth 24.99, and you should wait for a discount, but the game itself is like a zombie apocalypse in a better looking version of Minecraft.  This game is a lot of fun and I recommend it!"
,Recommended,251570,29155361,Posted: 9 January,all,stat1c X_X,"First person shooter in post apocalyptic world, blablabla ans so on. Alpha version still in progress and the game has enough bags and gleeches. However, if you spend a couple hours to understand what's going on and where to move , you will most like enjoy the game. Every 7 days you will be attacked by a horde of zombies and till that day you gotta come out with some food and guns or will be dead. It's more fun when you play in a team on pvp servers so let you know that zombies is not the only danger. If you hesitate to buy it , wait for a sales and go for it. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,251570,11923884,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Deceitful Cookie,"I was a bit skeptical about buying this game as I try to avoid alphas, but I bit the bullet and bought it, so far it's a very good game, a bit laggy, but I think that's my fault because I have so many games on my computer, there isn't much hard disk space on my computer left, it is also quite buggy, although that can be expected with an alpha game, however from what I have played it I've found it to be quite fun throwing things at zombies or other mobs.- ProsYou can throw stuff at zombiesIt's a very very large map that you can explore so many different buildingsAll maps are randomYou have to search for a lot of things in the begining just like you would in a real zombie invasionYou can change most things in the game ( how much you hit, how much they hit, how often loot spawns, how much loot appears ) So you can scale how difficult you would like it.If you die, you leave a backpack behind so that you can pick it up.It's realistic as in if you drink impurified water you will get the sh*ts, if you fall from a height you can break your leg, if a zombie hits you in your face, you are able to get a broken nose.- ConsThe wildlife ( Deers, Rabbits, Pigs. ECT* ) don't move too realisticly, ( Again, can be expecting with an alpha )It can be a bit difficult at first just starting when you don't know what to do... A small tutorial might be good... Just a suggestion :)The Zombies are a bit... Planky... Or wooden, whichever you'd like to call it when they move.Giant bees... They're a pain to try and avoid... They scare me.So far as it's in alpha still I think it's a brilliant game, that has a lot of detail and it really makes you think before you do something ( If you're thirsty, you can drink dirty water, you can become ill ) and you have to really search for things and sometimes get lucky with the loot.At its current state, keeping in mind it's in alpha I'd rate it a 8/10 from the other alpha games I've played ( So no, I'm not comparing them to fully released games )I would recommend buying it though, however not if you don't like buying alpha games- Your Deceitful Cookie! :)"
,Recommended,251570,29892282,Posted: 12 February,all,Lucy,its a great game worth the money i recommended for people that are fan of crafting and survival type games
,Recommended,251570,31656270,Posted: 9 May,all,Feyrbrax,"Insane game, very creepy at times, but i`m addicted... It`s Minecraft for adults!"
76561198298268871,Recommended,251570,28658509,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mcc_ghost,"The game is a must pick for those hardcore zombie fans. The games takes you into an experience of a real apocalypse, even has Walking Dead vibe to it. You can play in single player so you can get the hang of it, with the option tweek the enviroment for your play style, but take my word for it, play with friends cau alone you ain't gonna go far, its still fun but frustrating. BUt once into Multiplayer, that is when the game shines, you can either group up or fight with other players for loot, that is where the Walking Dead vibe kicks in. So if you like zombie games and like survival horror,this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,251570,14607417,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Donnie_Plays,"Most of the hours I have in this game came before Alpha 11.I have been playing this game for almost three years now. There was a time when I thought it was going to be the biggest video game in the world.This company made their stretch goals of $500,000 before the end of 2013. Today, almost four years later and with almost 2.5 million copies of the game sold, they continue tomostly focus on reworking or changing things that are already in the gameor have been in the game for a long time.The leveling system ruined the PVP elements of this gameWhen you are a lower leveled player, your odds of coming across decent loot are intentionally lowered to force you to grind. In other words, you have to do repetitive tasks over and over for a very long time and level up your looting skills before decent loot can really be found. It's ridiculous that two different people of different levels might find two completely different things when opening the same box for the first time, with the higher leveled person more likely to find higher leveled loot. The box should have whatever it has in it.The person opening it should have no bearing on that.Loot is not random if a higher leveled player is more likely to find better loot. That's a manipulated system that does not feel random.There was a time playing 7 days where I could start a new game on a new server, and I might find a good gun in the first hour of playing. That good gun could keep me going and keep me from fearing running into other players. That ended with the leveling system. Now I have to grind doing repetitive tasks just to be able to find that gun and by the time I actually get around to finding that gun, I no longer need it, because I'm already leveled so high I've already made 50 guns like the one I needed when I started out. You can no longer recruit friends to join servers with you, because they do not want to grind for hours to get to a place where they can compete.There was a time when I signed off of 7 Days To Die servers, and had to worry about my base, my loot. I would go to work and wonder if anyone was trying to raid my base. The thrill of PVP died with the leveling system. The PVP servers just are not the same now."
76561198088592597,Recommended,251570,30865281,Posted: 31 March,all,Cooperos,Loved it but would be better with controller
,Recommended,251570,25590579,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,chooseareality,"This is the one game I own that I keep coming back to and playing again and again. It is also what I consider my most successful Early Access purchase. TFP (Team Fun Pimps) has consisently delivered on continuous updates and improvements as they approach feature complete on this fine game.Don't get me wrong. It is certainly still an EA (Early Access) title and every major release comes with a new collection of bugs and issues as TFP works to make the game into the vision they had years ago when they started this. They are however quick to fix the bugs with quick patches after each major release.For the current price, $25, I would strongly recommend this game if you like zombies, survival games, and crafting in a voxel world (Minecraft with better graphics) where every 7th day hordes of zombies will attack each and every player in the world (This is new as of the pending alpha 15 release, it used to be just one horde I think, but I don't play multi-player).I have 285 hours on record right now. That number is a bit high because of walking away on pause, but I would easy say I have spent 150 hours on a game that only cost me $25 and still has a ton of promise and is being actively developed by a great team of developers.My only caveat is please don't buy this if you want a done game. Wait another half year or so for beta or actualy release if you don't understand that EA means bugs and shifting gameplay as the real game is molded through easy iteration. You will be happier and the forums and boards won't be clogged up with toxic posts about things that aren't even supposed to be done yet.There is also a console version now. It is made by a different company, TellTale Games, and is very close to a full release behind at this point. TFP is focused on the PC version and they leave the step child console version to TellTale. I would avoid it and just go with the PC version if you ever slightly prefer PC games."
,Recommended,251570,25588811,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zartarious,I played this gMe a while ago ND it was bad but after a while the debate have been constantly working on it and it looks like an extremely fun game now
76561198267279359,Recommended,251570,25591762,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dr.Ashford,"This game keeps getting better and better! You get to buy creative items at the NPC camps, what!! been waiting for the ability to do that. makes so much more possible. Great work Fun Pimps!"
,Recommended,251570,25591734,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Arya Snark,"Love this game! There are so many options with it. With a group of friends is the best, but by yourself is great too. You can have zombie spawning all the way from ridiculous to none. And yes, I've played with no spawning to get used to the controls and for a survival only/crafting game. Keep the updates coming, it just keeps getting better!"
,Recommended,251570,25590649,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BRBeverage,"I'd recommend this game, but only if you know you have friends you can play it with.That and if you're a fan of Minecraft(ish) crafting games. And zombie survival games."
76561198323174971,Recommended,251570,28194852,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,saiannataz,"AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!! A real must-play if you LOVE ""The Walking Dead""  !!!! :D"
,Recommended,251570,31662420,Posted: 10 May,all,_Riotmaker_,"chur! soooo overwhelming, in a good way ;)"
76561198354154803,Recommended,251570,29217974,Posted: 12 January,all,professor_punch,7 days to die is fun but the zombies are way too op and the time it takes to make progress is unbearable i had this game since its first few days on steam and i can say it was much more fun then than is is now but it does not mean this is a bad game its still enjoyable but not worth the money
76561198140613584,Recommended,251570,29221148,Posted: 13 January,all,Admiral Dugaul,"My mate got hit once by a zombie. INSTANTLY INFECTED. I got hit 18 times without dieing, nor was I infected once. Best game ever. I give it 7 rabid feminists out of cancer."
76561198102416345,Recommended,251570,29222913,Posted: 13 January,all,bblanken,"I don't usually play games like this but a friend introduced me to it and now I am hooked.   The learning curve is steep but after you play a while you learn the more important points of the game.  I think on normal there are too many zombies to ever get very far so I like to play with a low amount of zombies.  The crafting, hunting and building keep you so busy time flies.  I play multiplayer with friends and it is awesome.If you put some time in to learn the basics of this game it will become your favorite."
76561198038863556,Recommended,251570,34209321,Posted: 13 August,all,PINTSHOTRIOT,"To start with this game is hard! It gets a lot more leinent as you go ,when you level your character up, it gets a little easier to break the that wooden block or shoot that pregnant lady in the head with a crossbow. That said on every night that is a multiple of seven a horde attacks your base, let's hope you have a base ,a well protected one at that, as if you do not, you may as well chop yourself up into a nice little entree for big momma zombie, with the threat of roaming zombies and zombie bears prevalent, coupled with the roaming hordes of zombies, dogs or both, makes it a little bit scary to start of with, once you have upgraded your weapons ,tools ,base, defences and of course remembered to eat and stay hydrated you'll be good to shred the z's to peices with a plethora of  weapons, traps and sneaky tactics. But this game is hard every horde night on from 7 gets extra zombies and more of types of them,woohoo! This game is hard. Did I mention you have to find most things by looting and this ain't Minecraft you take out the bottom of a house or build a rickety bridge a block to far you are going to get squashed or splatted respectively. This game is hard. It's early access there are a good few bugs and glitches ,but this game so good .....it's hard though!"
,Recommended,251570,34210562,Posted: 13 August,all,PastSin,"I would have to recommend this game based on crafting, open-world, random map generationI would not recommend this game if you don't like crafting, gathering resources, and being patient.I'll be quick for all you busy people ready to decide to grab this game or not.Pros-Build.Survive.Decent system for balance of hunger/health.Cons-Build.Survive.Difficult system for building structure or character.Also a Con.AI for zombies can be easily manipulated.Build a few ladders that go to nowhere near a camping spot, zombies run up and get projectiled.Easy XP and skill upgrade.Zombies seem to randomly spawn = :(""Swimming"" though lakes, canals, or rivers is the epitome of horrible travel.Great Pro's about the game.Stupid moments with friends and such.Hilarious physics engine, ""Take out a water tower? Ready to beat Windows XP's Solitare?""  = AwesomeCraft a Bunch. I like this, I like the skill trees allowing to craft, but there seems to have been some recipes I've learned I can't select or even see in my crafting options. I know this is in Alpha still (probably), but for how long will this be an Alpha build FFS.Devs are constantly adding more content, even more so than most other Alpha games I've played."
76561198032720760,Recommended,251570,28786642,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SgtKitts,Love the crafting system and the survival concept. could use more craftables though.
,Recommended,251570,28790784,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,victor.l.munoz,"Very fun, very scary when you get into the crap with zoms. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,251570,29225466,Posted: 13 January,all,Teketenaza,"If you enjoy minecraft you will enjoy this game. To my experience, it is only playable with friends. When playing by yourself you have to be creative, which is where the minecraft mechanics begin to come in. Its mostly if you ever had the walking dead mod on minecraft, this is it. I did not think I would like this game but when i found out that it has you building places like fallout 4's settlement builder, zombies like Left 4 Dead 2, and survival mechanics like minecraft make for one hell of a game. The game needs work but that is why it is in Alpha. Do not buy if you are going to complain about bugs and such because this game is packed full of them. I think the devs should put in recipes you have to find out yourself to make it more complicated, such as another minecraft mechanic lol."
76561198176963566,Recommended,251570,34210059,Posted: 13 August,all,Norfyt,"Exploratory open world, creative base building mechanics (with structural integrity), excellent crafting system, and semi-dynamic stat-system for customizing your characters specialties. The random generated maps are huge!If you're someone who loves zombie shooter games with an open world and enjoy crafting with survival elements. The new experimental release of alpha 16 added a lot of new content and mechanics.I've found with survival games that eventually you get in a rut -- you've explored all you can explore, conquered everything, got the best armor/weapons and then you have nothing left to do. What sets 7 Days apart is that every 7 days a horde of zombies attacks in the night, and each week the horde gets stronger, larger with different and more difficult zombies. You're always striving to make your base more defendable, fixing whats broken, creating more ammo and making better weapons."
,Recommended,251570,30380636,Posted: 7 March,all,inselhopper,"first impression is nice, we started a multiplayer server, to start with on a easy mode.but gonna definitley going to do another one soon, after we know skillways and others.realy nice game! could be a little storyline included or some more craftings like alchemy.would be nice as well if there would be old mines or military bases rotten by zombies.and a boat would be nice or fishing skill."
,Recommended,251570,13243258,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Talos,"One of my favorite survival games &  I'd say multiplayer is the way to go.This game will have you scrounging for food scraps by day, and digging holes into the ground to hide yourself fom Zeds at night. Boarding up old buildings to use as temporary shelters, to wondering if the fire you're using to boil some dirty water is going to attract unwanted attention.I've Smashed folks in the head for two eggs and a jar of water, I've buried people alive as they dug a ditch around their homes. I've lived in caves, sewers and even beneath a hot desert. I've manufactured oil, farmed corn, built enormous bunkers and been forced to abandon them to the zombies. You can hunt deers, fight bears or just spend your day picking mushrooms and brewing some tea.The game may be a bit older than some of the newer survival games, but if you love post apocolyptic games and also love crafting and building then you won't regret purchasing this game."
76561198013700477,Recommended,251570,29495151,Posted: 25 January,all,Infected,"Dont listen to these whiny qq'ing cry babies giving negative reviews because someone got the game a week before them, they are trash cans with no patience whos feeling got hurt when a dev told them the truth. Ive put over 2k hours into this game in less then a year, ive never been more close to a community, never had more fun in a game, and have never been so hyped for a update.So many memories of me and my friends having a blast of being scared out of our minds trying to learn the game and survive. I dont think i have ever laughed as hard as when my buddy got chased by a bear outside the base, He was screaming into the mic ""OMG! BEAR! HELP ME! AHHHHH!"" I said ""Run to the spikes!"" thinking he would run around them to get the spikes between him and the bear and instead just runs into spikes gets slowed and damaged from the spikes, then gets mauled by said bear.. Ive never laughed so hard in my life lol.This game is literally the best zombie game ever made, i have longed for something like this, not just a hack an slash/shoot em up zombie game we all used to but so realistic when it comes to what the zombie apocalypse would be like, having to scavenge for food and supplies, constantly trying to outsmart the zombies, find shelter, worrying about weather, hunting, farming, finding friends, and just trying to survive in general. I just love it all so much, the replayability factor is unreal, so many mods out there to try that change the game if it gets stale, or you can edit the xml file easy so u can change a ton of things, make the pistol have more ammo, shoot faster, increase the loot %, control how many zombies there are, make days last longer, the options are endless.So please dont listen to these negative reviews of impatient cry babies, listen to this, cause its the truth and this game is FIRE."
76561198128781578,Recommended,251570,25087570,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,RiskyRick,"7 days to die is a sand box game. Ramdom generated world or you can play the standard map Naz if you like which the dev have updated greatly. The development of this game has come a long way since since i started i playing in 2009, with the addition of the of the trading post work stations and new enemy types to battle as you try to survive the nights. This game is for true hardcore survival game players and i can not stress that enough. if you play day z or Arma or any other survival games thinking that you know what your doing you will be die and die and die some mor. playing with friends is fun, playing by your self is fun, you can even join the community server that people spend their hard earned money to create for player to join. These server are sometimes modded with awesome mods that allow for teleportion, Hub spawn were players can meet and talk and share resourses and the like or make new friends. Some server are even dialed up to make the experience even harder if you can imagine and thats even hardcore, you die you lose your bag back you have to go and retrive, but lets hope their is not a bear or two wating for you. With the release the release of Alpha 16 i have seen alot of my friends on steam return to the game full force and spending even more hours building towers, under ground bases, and kill towers for the 7 day hordes. Though the game is still in alpha and has its many bugs its still a fun game to play thus i recommed it. I myself perfer to play on modded servers that make it less punishing for wimpy players like me to enjoy the game, i perfer to build underground safe from zombies until the devs find a way to make that difficult underground i build. But all in all if you want to be scared out of your mind because a horde of zombies are runnig at you at night pick this game join some servers, they are tons to choose from, find the one that suits you, make friends and survive 7 days to die!!!!!"
76561198046308300,Recommended,251570,34260917,Posted: 15 August,all,ioi,~ten bugs in game~~solve one bug~~hundred bugs in game~~hundred bugs in game~~introduce new feature~~million bugs in game~
76561198089034503,Not Recommended,251570,16993497,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Emelly,"Previous Review from Alpha 13It's a fun game, but Alpha 13 is making the same mistakes Rust did.  Rust had a great game, and then they ... no no it's too painful to remember...Game developers need to remember one important thing.  Do not fix something that is not broken.  Do not change how everything works and call it new.  Why are so many good games dying to ""so called better features and game play""?RIP WOW.  (Blizzard are ""Professionals"" and they have steadily been killing WoW!)Use what works, use what people like, and add content, places, new enemies, new recipeis.===================================================================Alpha 16The game has turned into a grind fest.  Kills zombies to gain good items, kill zombies to be able to build, so kill is not the right word anymore.  It's Grind zombies.   Before you could gather resources and yes getting resources has always been a grind, but at least thier was the chance of getting a great tool, weapon, or gear, which made exploring fun.I can no longer recommed this game.It's not fun, its a CHORE."
76561198143410184,Recommended,251570,34278303,Posted: 16 August,all,dawⁿ,"Highly customizable online multiplayer, one of the best base building systems on steam, fully destructible enviroment, and an rpg skill system."
76561198262755598,Recommended,251570,34284472,Posted: 16 August,all,A High Pikachu,"Great Game. Great game mechanics, theres even jump scares!! got me good last night lol. Has very good graphics as well."
,Recommended,251570,34276618,Posted: 16 August,all,[IFN] Soap [TMOD],i love this game i just don't get to play it as much as i love it and the devs are awesome unlike other survival games that split their community by adding a map dlc♥♥♥♥♥♥move
76561198038742612,Recommended,251570,34280129,Posted: 16 August,all,americandefender,"Hands down best zombie game, not big studio graphics, but runs great, has everything it needs to be fun and challenging."
76561198128135103,Recommended,251570,34414973,Posted: 22 August,all,AQ,I love this game. Been playing it for ages with my friend and we are having a great time. You should get this
,Recommended,251570,34414645,Posted: 22 August,all,Kardiak050,Truly love this game :)
76561198108132032,Recommended,251570,28823003,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cmbrockman,"I have put a pretty fair amount of hours into this game i have got to say this is an algorithm of a game thats been hit pretty dang right on the spot. now dont get me wrong it has a few issues that i feel need to be adressed but ill get to those in a bit. But what should you epect from this game? Expect minecraft and rust combined in an epic race for time to fortify a base before every 7th day intervole in which you will have to fend from hordes of zombos and take back the world. Zombie games have become pretty disgustingly common in the gaming community over the past few years which isnt totally a bad thing but sometimes too much is too much, but this game... its doing alot of things right. The ability to have so much build freedom satisfies lots of creative indivisuals while the combat strikes good on alot of people looking for a mixed of slow and fast paced game play. ive spent hours grinding and building bases and it never seems to end and always leaves me staying up late and building more.       But, that being said youll find an intense amount more joyful gameplay while doing multiplayer, its fun to hang with friends and fortify your base as a team. If only servers were a bit more simple like say.. The Forest. But i highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for a minecraft/rust hybrid.The Goods:-Creative Freedom-Decent Graphics-Advanced game mechanics-Great Proof of concept-Good simple quest system-Fun multiplayer-Great foundation for future updates and expansionThe Ugly:This game is well done but the few issues it does have are quite big ones that may be subject to  opinion but this is what i have to say...Zombie Stun System:Its a very annoying mechanic that makes fighting zombies a very unrealistic experience and leads to me and all my friends deaths alot quicker than it should. The mechanic makes it so that when fighting a zombie if you get hit there is a relitively high chance that you will be stunned, which basicly freezes your character in place for a considerable amount of time which allows the zombos to pretty much get a load of free hits on you, ultimatly leaving you helplessly dead or close to dead . This whole mechanic doesnt make sense to me and i feel like the game would really benefit if it was removed or atleast made an option in the world creation menu.Buggy Zombie Dogs:Now, im not against the thought of ""zombie dogs"" but the way they act in game is almost unacceptable, this may be closer to an opinion but its an opinion with reason. when the dogs move around they not only spawn in packs of 2, but also they run very fast.. ok understandable.. they're dogs. but all i can say is that they are in need of a good nerf cuz they appear to be way too strong of an enemy and are nearly impossible to kill without being hit and ""stunned"" ^^^^ .. atleast once or twice, and nothing is worst then getting stunned twice in a row. Ok so? youve said theyre too tough, how does that make them buggy? well when they run around they dont even look like theyre running , more flying their legs move so slow but the entity itelf moves at incredible speed which makes trying to fight them a pain. idk seems buggy to me.Server creation:Just like any other game in this department, its server system is reletively primitive. i dont get why we still have to port forward our games just so our friends can join, and thats just private servers. Public servers to be fleshed out and ok but me personally have never enjoyed any public servers in any game like this only due to things like hacks and cheats that ultimatly lead to greifing and destruction. I feel like there should be a better server creation system so me and my friends can just make a server and play easier without hastle.Water Mechanics:not much to say here other than the title says it all. The water mechanics really need some work because right now its very unfleshed out and weird to work with, same goes for buckets with water, id go as far to say that buckets are useless. but overall this isnt a huge deal.NOTE: I do understand the game is in alpha in which is why im writing this. i understand the game is still heavily being worked on and all i can hope for is that some of these issues ive mentioned can e changed or improved.7 Days to Die is a great open world, sandbox, building/crafting, FPS game combo that hits alot of check marks on my lists of wants in a game, and id reccomend it to anyone coming from a rust aor minecraft liking to try this out and give it a go, i think youll really have lots of fun."
76561197976158361,Recommended,251570,27725745,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dG B-UNIT,My favorite single or co-op survival game. Thank you Fun Pimps for continued updates and making the game evolve into greatness.
76561198125300594,Recommended,251570,29415809,Posted: 21 January,all,roylee1970,"I tried this game back in the summer of 2015 and quit after 48 minutes of play. I gave it a try after the latest release and now have over 175 hours of gameplay. There's so much to do from mining, farming, crafting to running down chickens on your minibike.  I froze to death, died of heatstroke,  drowned, had my mine collapse on me getting carried away with the auger as well as numerous other ways. It's a fun and challenging game."
76561197970865220,Recommended,251570,28064925,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Thundershock_lt,Let us hope the Alpha 16 is coming out fast.  I'm getting bored of the static water (not flowing where you want it to be).
,Recommended,251570,28065125,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sandman-X,"Really awesome game, i can say this game is replayable because  its always fun trying out new base designs and seeing which one works out the best. i also like that you have to support your base, blocks don't float.this game came along way since the first alpha.but the best thing is that the developers are always active and adding cool content"
76561198108725723,Recommended,251570,28063783,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Bastard Child,"7 Days to Die is a fantastic game but it hasn't come with it's downfalls and disappointments in the past or even now.7 Days to Die is a beautiful game with good solid game play that will keep everyone on for hours. Preparing your defenses are important and if you don't your chances for survival on the blood moon is low. Sandbox suits this game as there is a loot to build, also you must watch what you build because there is gravity in the game that affects objects in different ways depending on their weight. Once you play the game and you like it you will be able to play for days on end because there is just so many things to have, having the choice to chose what you want is also a good pro to this game. Changing difficulty is a good idea and also just good in general since if you want really hard gameplay you can have it.Now 7 Days to Die is a good game but it has it's flaws. The Online Multiplayer is a mess and needs some work with anti cheat systems to reduce the number of hackers. The Graphics are okay, but they could be better. The Animations need some work.My personal opinion is you should get this game if you have a few friends who want to play something that's interactive and challenging. If you want to play online with strangers on the servers I would say this game isnt much for you because it's basically RUST hackers on steroids."
,Recommended,251570,28063565,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Onkle.Ride,"jeu difficile de survie ,comme dans tout les jeu de survie il y a beaucoup de temps a perdre. jeu comlet dans les activites ,avec missions, défis , crafts , survie ,  chasses , nombreux personnage a différencier, compétences , multijoueurs , et d autres chose a découvrir .exelent choix pour un achat."
,Recommended,251570,13440107,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mimzy,Absolutely outstanding. Best game I think I've ever played.
,Recommended,251570,34330065,Posted: 18 August,all,WanderingHippie,"What can I say, This is the best zombie survival game I have played, nothing comes close to the ominous feeling you get when looting a new building, or the feeling of running for you life from a horde. It does have it's issues since it's in alpha, but it's absolutely worth 25 dollars."
76561198124797998,Recommended,251570,26048990,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Radical Radish,Choppy animations acconpanied by glitchy zombies but godamn is this game fun to play with friends. High graphics solves some issuse and the large world makes for a solid fun time
,Recommended,251570,25530571,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,nentin,This game ownz.Pros-Build your base-Kill zombies-Survive-Loot supplies-MultiplayerCons-Have some lag issues during multiplayer (suppose to be resolved next patch)
,Recommended,251570,25971001,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lazarus (cubeboy),"One of my favorite and well rounded zombie survival games out there.  It has gotten MUCH more polished over the years and the graphics have improved IMMENSELY.  Also the devs are always working on it (adding a level-up system, quest system, A.I. Traders, etc.)"
,Recommended,251570,26031250,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kamstkurf,"Originally i didn't recommend this game and had a long review why.How ever, after several patches they fixed my issues and are still following up so came here to delete it.It now have a decent map, a lot of items and much to do and maintain. There's still some flaws in the settings and AI and this should really be played with friends. But i am not afraid to recommend this anymore to whoever enjoy apocalyptic survival."
76561198042883662,Recommended,251570,22769620,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Halcyon,"I like this game. good potential. They need to fix the annoying bugs thou. Zombies spawn on top of you, ladders dont work, and the E button wont load any crafting station or use the boxes. Still works for my inventory so i know it isnt the keyboard. Other than this its a pretty fun game and can be scary as hell"
76561197978155502,Recommended,251570,25520915,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,brianmi,"7 Days is a fun game, but there's reservations ahead.  Hard to imagine a game that is still in ALPHA after nearly 3 years of being available (!), but that is 7 Days.There's lots that works in this game that makes it a fun experience:1. If you're not a graphics snob, the scenery is quite good, with varying environments, and some weather effects add to the realism.  But it is repetitive quite a bit, maybe 20-30 hours and you've seen it all unless you just hunkered down mostly being a noob.2. The crafting system is SUPERB.  It's logical, decently progresses to hold interest even for experienced players and most of the items, outside of items to build unique or accurate looking buildings, are useful in the game somehow.3. You can have lots of adventures, many's the times I've barely made it to safety before darkness or had to use my wits to survive or overcome, recover a minibike at a distance, or got caught somewhere and had to be quickly creative.4. You can choose your survival approach for a safe home: dig tunnels, build a base, take over a building.  You can be nomadic, or build the Taj Mahal and raise crops.  The flexibility is nice.5. There's a fair amount of replayability as I still enjoy spawning somewhere new, and seeing how quickly I can get myself up to a crossbow or minibike, whichever comes first.6. There's a decent variety of zombie's though it won't take too long and you'll know them all, hating the dogs worst of all if a pack of them catch you out in the open.7. Patches seem to show up about every 2 months or so so the developers are still at it, but based on progress rate, and the fact that they consider this much of a developed release still an ALPHA, it could easily be a couple years until it might be done.  Don't get it expecting fast progress as slow and steady is more the word.8. It's been very stable for me, runs without crashing and has been more than a year since getting stuck somewhere unable to move.  750GTX video runs it well on quad core 3.4Ghz.There are frustrations though.a. AI is not the best, zombie's just plod at you relentlessly though are good at finding a path to you when available, won't give it away since you'll likely realize it before long, but there's a straightforward means to survive the 7 day routine of attacks that the developers really should work on making not so obvious (SPOILER SKIP TO NEXT LINE: ........think up, most zombie's can't...)b. Climate often overheats an area too much and can cause you to move sluggish, this needs nerfing as it seems too often, or, drains you too quickly/unrealistically.c. Locating Book schematics you need to craft certain objects gets a little old and pretty frustrating as you enter your 4th bookstore, search all the shelves and still can't get a recipe for a crossbow, but have had 10 on them for crafting a pistol or somesuch.  In fact, in all my gameplay, have only had the Riddle of Steel book once.d. There are other items that you'll rarely ever get to assemble without considerable time in the game, like a machine gun, AK-47, 44 Mag.  You may try and collect the parts, but my experience is you'll sooner find one in a loot crate dropped into the game than come up with all the parts AND book, so that's a bit frustrating.e. The game desperately needs a story and deeper goal than just survive.  That is, there are no boss monsters, final solutions to reach OZ or anything like that which would raise the game to a whole new level.  The developers seem deaf to all suggestions made by the community to act on this.  Their answer was to add mini-quests to the game, but the excitement wears off quickly on those.f. Once you have a mini-bike, you'll quickly feel that you've won the game as there's not much left to do, other than grind away killing zombies and grow corn (i.e. collect resources for no real purpose), but by that point you're most certainly beyond any risk from the zombies.  That's when you'll be wishing there was a story, somewhere you had to get on the minibike that was hard to find / get to, and something to do now that you're adequately armed, but alas, you can only ride around endless roads to endless mini-towns and occasional cities that quickly start looking and feeling the same.So dear reader, it's a fun game, has some replayability if you're the type that would enjoy that early escalation from primitive to set up a secure base, but ultimately like so many of these games (Empyrion, ARK, Minecraft) you always end up asking yourself sooner or later based upon how quickly you can progress; what is the point of continuing to stack some resource in some chests for someday that never comes... (with apologies to the ARK bosses which are a possibility in multi-player, but not so much in single player)."
76561198116524696,Recommended,251570,25858954,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Usurper,Currently playing a14 experimental still a ton of bugs however it's very addictive and I can't  stop playing
76561198002452267,Recommended,251570,25861063,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cook1981,I find the game fairly entertaining.  It's one that I keep coming back to.  I have yet to play a co-op session but it has a pretty solid single player with plenty to do.
76561197984301338,Recommended,251570,26028880,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,hornet688,"This game approaches the zombie apocalypse in a way I hadn't seen before but had always wanted to experience.  It offers players total freedom to do whatever they want, however they want.  Players get loads of options to customize their experience before they start a game, and these options can be modified upon resuming a game as well.  Furthermore, any aspect of the game you dislike can be easily modified by opening up the game files.  For example, maybe you don't like the pressure of weekly zombie hordes attacking you.  At first, I didn't either.  Worry not, you can easily disable the hordes by changing just a few numbers in the game files in a minute or two.  Then, when you feel ready, you can easily re-enable the hordes and delight in the challenges they pose.  Perhaps you think the zombie dogs run too fast?  You can slow them down by changing a number in a text file as well.  The community is very helpful with regard to modifying the game, and any quick search of the forums, on Steam or otherwise, will verify this.  In addition, there are several comprehensive mods that change many aspects of the game to suit various tastes, such as offering higher difficulty and increasing the complexity of the crafting system.I'd spent a couple hundred hours playing the game on the previous version, Alpha 14.  Now a new version, Alpha 15, has been released, and I can easily see myself spending another couple hundred hours or more with it.  The developers of this game are taking it on a long journey that I joined only recently, but I'm excited to be on board.  I can only imagine how much more I'm going to enjoy the game as time passes and the team and the modding community continue to improve the experience.  Maybe you aren't a fan of Early Access, or maybe you're just a bit wary of it.  No worries, throw the game on your wishlist and check up on it later.  It's true that it isn't finished yet.  However, it seems this game is going places, and I'm happy to be along for the ride as well as the destination.  Maybe you, too, might enjoy the ride.Dear reader, please note that all of my experiences and opinions of this game are based on the single player game mode.  I am doubtful that they are sufficiently representative of multiplayer experiences."
76561198116682213,Recommended,251570,22754670,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Grant,"It a good game, quite a few bugs but they get fixed at a decent rate. Not much more I can say its pretty fun."
76561198019291411,Recommended,251570,25528374,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Jago Juice,this game is amazing as it stand right now. I can't wait for it to keep producing more content/ updating and fixing the bugs. The only problem i have with the game is the weird hit detection it has but you get used to it. It is the best survival game out right now IMO.
76561198018190450,Recommended,251570,25988109,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Malgus,"Mindcraft meets Left for Dead, well worth the investment, even at this Alpha stage of the game."
,Recommended,251570,26027838,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KaineXXVI,This is a very good game as you can see by my hours. Has all the best parts of games like it. Buidling and pvp is fun as well as the zombies. Scary at times too!My one and only fault with it is that with all the money they are raking in they could add a few more developers to speed up updates and fix bikes!
76561198093645094,Recommended,251570,22763704,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,circumnavigator2,"This game is cool. I've been playing 7 Days to Die off and on since alpha version 6 or so. It is the most survival/crafting oriented 3d zombie game I can find, and the best such game I have played. Thanks to the Dev for continued updates that continue to make the in-game world deeper and more interesting with new locations to explore. (The addition of signs definately helps.)Also the crafting system has been simplified in the latest updates. For instance: In previous verisions of the game you would cut down a tree then collect wood logs to make wood to make tools. Now you just cut the tree and get the wood a little at a time which saves a ton of time. Also, you used to have to drag items onto the crafting grid, but now you simply click on the recipe, set the desired number and click 'Craft'.The updates seem to be released a little far between, but I say, 'take your time'. 7 Days to Die is really cool. I recommend it to anyone who likes ""Minecraft"" or similar games, but who is also seeking a more difficult experience."
76561198086033572,Recommended,251570,25969617,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Reaver,"7 Days to Die has come a long way from its original release. The improvements to graphics, inclusion of the physics engine, smoother integration between biomes, and the added zombies. Game play has improved as well. Even though, 3 years later, it is still in alpha state, the alpha 15 build rocks! Crafting, suvival and sort of a first person tower defense style of play all rolled up in one. I do love this game."
,Recommended,251570,26110768,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,StarangWundah,"Great game, having insanely fun multiplayer matches with friends,  with great performance on a medium tier machine. Only downside I can think of is the internal temperature of your character; It seems to fluctuate a little too inconsistently for me."
,Recommended,251570,33696012,Posted: 21 July,all,EeZeE,"A Zombie Survival game with already a lot of content and very stable.During the day you are relatively safe and will search the land, lone buildings and even complete towns for food, weapons and other gear but at night the zombies reveal their true power and turn from the slow shambling meatbags into tireless running brain♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Best enjoyed with a friend or 2 (or more) as you build your base and defences together in preparation of the hyper aggressive zombie horde which will sniff you out on every 7th night.They will be coming for you."
76561198013892603,Recommended,251570,26612814,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SSGTTANK,"love it. need more friends to play it with me though, gets boring by yourself, and the pvp is terrible because of the wellness stat, but who wants to pvp anyways really. Bug fixes needed, obvisouly its in alpha."
76561198043820242,Recommended,251570,26098056,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Xtapodi Tom,7days is a must to buy with ur friends .  .well i haven;t encounter any bug till now .and with the latest update to alpha 15 they made the game even better.
76561198072016476,Recommended,251570,29810971,Posted: 9 February,all,GunstarHero,"So, what can i say about this game, well i can sum it up in 3 ways, fun, addictive and buggy as hell. 7 Days to Die has got to be one of the best survival crafting games of all time, imo. There is something so satisfying about popping zombies heads off with a hunting rifle or breaking their skull in with a sledgehammer.The pve element of this game can be a really fun experience, if you are just looking for a pve experience, i would suggest you play on a private server with your friends, in fact i would say pve, with some friends can be fun as hell, however, the main problem i have with the pve element of this game, is that if you are going to play on a server with more than 8 or so people, the ammount of zombies you will each get on horde nights will be significantly reduced, so much so that you could quite easily get absolutely none (not a joke), with the new system though we are supposed to get a mini horde each horde night instead of the horde going to just one person, which it used to do on a 15 player + server back in a14, now the horde you get, is based on how much you have died/level, this on paper sounds really good for balancing, however the problem is that it tends to be biggest players in the server that get the most zombies or more so, all of them for that horde night, this takes away the whole idea of the game away and makes it unenjoyableThe game really shines when it comes to the pvp element of the game, trying to break into someone’s base with some of your friends while the defenders shoot at you through arrow slits is exhilarating to be honest, you will rarely come across other players when you are out and about looting so base raiding is where the majority of pvp goes down, one key thing to note about raiding though, is that if the claim blocks are placed inside of peoples bases it makes the surrounding blocks very hard to penetrate using pickaxes and could take a substantial ammount of time (could take hours to raid bases made of concrete/steel), this is probably one of the best ideas for these types of games simply because you can’t just mindlessly sit there at level 1 bashing down blocks with a stone axe, the block strength varies from about 4 x block strength to about 64 x depending on what the server has set, anything set above 32 x is un-feasible imo, this is because it would take like 20 mins to break a single concrete block with a level 600 pickaxe, but I digress. One of the other issues I have with pvp is that there are so many ways to exploit the game and get into other peoples bases without breaking blocks at all, which can be extremely irritating.Pros:It’s so damn fun and addictiveMajor replay value for a £8 game.Really well rounded level system.The loot system is very dynamic, has very few issues, almost flawless.Basically Minecraft with guns.Surprisingly decent graphics for a voxel based game.One of the Creative Leads, MadMole has a YouTube channel where he posts upcoming development implementations for the next patch update, this provides insight into the development of the game (I love MadMoles videos but I wish he would include elements of the game that are from random gen rather than navezgane. )Great combat systemCons:LagMore lagMinibikes glitching all day long/falling off the mapIf a minibike were to get stuck under the map, which it frequently does, it can cause huge lag to the server, making the entire chunk completely unusable until an admin removes it using god mode. It can also do this if you manage to get it stuck in someone’s spike pit causing your fps to go to like 6.(on one server, someone managed to get a minibike stuck in a traders outpost which cannot be dug out as the blocks around it are invulnerable.)Not one server in this game does not lag when there are more than 10 people.Sometimes you can just randomly die, no reason, just standing still and you die.Duping is ridiculously easy, really ruins the game and I’m pretty sure everyone knows how to do it.Devs not interested in fixing clear and evident bugs which ruin the game for everyone, they have also stated that they do not aim for this game to be pvp and they seem to not care for larger servers that are over 12 players (fyi servers over that lag to all hell)This game is filled with hackers that are mostly Chinese, however many servers have IP filters and CBSM systems that block people with high ping from entering the game.EAC has a tendency to boot you for what seems like no reason at all.So many exploits that can be used such as minibike chassis being placed through vault doors.Very toxic community on pvp serversCan be very grindy, but you more or less expect that of survival games.(it doesn’t help that you can’t one hit rock with a maxed out pic and the miner 69r skill anymore.)Steep learning curve (you will die a lot)AI pathing can sometimes not work as the devs intended, I.E. running around in circles.Zombies can hit you from what seems like a couple of meters, they can also sometimes hit you even when there attack animation cycle is not visible (they have sometimes hit me when they are on the floor and no, not crawler zombies)Conclusion:For those that didn’t read all of it, here is a summary –It’s a hell of a lot of fun to play, in all honesty I have never had so much fun in a survival game and I can safely say that after 1000 + hours in this game, I’m still coming back for more, despite all of the bugs and lag this game has, I still love playing it but at the same time I hate playing it because I know within the time that I play it, I’m going to get bull ♥♥♥♥♥ed out of my minibike falling off the map or zombies lagging into me, as I previously stated this game is like minecraft with guns and then a load of steroids injected into it, all in all this is still my favourite game and if the development team put more effort into fixing the sheer ammount of bugs in this game it would be so ♥♥♥♥i good, that is literally the only thing holding it back."
,Recommended,251570,29857493,Posted: 11 February,all,HDFairyxo (Jay),amazing game great to play with friends or alone
,Recommended,251570,29863020,Posted: 11 February,all,itsrohm69,Deff worth the 20 buck or whatever i paid. Im very picky about my games too. But this one was great!
76561198031283587,Recommended,251570,29858107,Posted: 11 February,all,Aise,"Really fun game to play with friends. Some mechanics still need work and developement has been slow but otherwise this game shows promise for the completed version. Provides a challenging curve of difficulty, but easily exploitable weaknesses can allow endless survival. The game has combatted many of these very well, which keeps everything interesting"
,Recommended,251570,29862387,Posted: 11 February,all,Coldglnce,"This game is honestly wonderful, amazing with friends, and limitless to imagination on both the player and dev of the game. There is tons of items in the game fast realistic gameplay and lots of time to sink in. The devs can take this anywhere and the map is huge."
76561197992282216,Recommended,251570,29814172,Posted: 9 February,all,saja_66,"Absolutely LOVE this game!!!!  There is so much to do and explore, you never get bored.  After 800 hours in the game I'm still discovering new things.  And it can be TERRIFYING at times!  Sometimes it gets so scary real that I have to hit quit to stop the madness.  Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,251570,29862394,Posted: 11 February,all,Pwneater 53714,Great game. Can you survive?
,Recommended,251570,33157982,Posted: 2 July,all,spootyshiznit,"I'm not going to lie, it is rough around the edges. But, it is filled with great potential and a heap of fun. Give it a go."
76561198064666735,Recommended,251570,29861533,Posted: 11 February,all,Ohryion,"My husband, kids, and I have spent way too much time on this game. I'm not sure if this is healthy family fun or not, but we LOVE it! We have looked, but have failed to find another survival game quite like this. 10/10."
76561198174140869,Recommended,251570,29857876,Posted: 11 February,all,Ghostz,"Awesome game, i'm just laggy."
76561198155138554,Recommended,251570,24674606,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,domigaw123,some how i can still write review if my gift was revoked. good game though. only problem was playing with friends. the servers are really laggy.
,Recommended,251570,24675828,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,sgitkene,"This is such a great game.I play it on linux and it runs smoothly. It is set at an appreciable difficulty but can be configured to be really hard or even peaceful. As you play you get access to an ever increasing arsenal of weaponry that you loot and can also craft. You are constantly on your toes as you manage basic survival and fending off hordes and building your base or just exploring.There are quests, skillpoints, procedurally generated terrain, vast landscapes and nice cities. You will not grow tired of it and the game keeps changing as they develop new stuff for it.I highly recommend it!"
76561198332521876,Recommended,251570,25664180,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,简单的快乐,a15本来玩的好好的最近突然EAC错误 房间都进不去
76561198138574803,Recommended,251570,29152182,Posted: 9 January,all,Skeletor,"Love it. Wanna write a long review on why but feel like it's a waste time. Basically if you've thought about buying this for a while and have wanted to wait till it was close to done.. that time has come. Compared to a14, it's like an entirely different game. Balance issues very close to perfect, smooth animations. 17 hours in and haven't experienced a single crash.Only complaints, the fishbowl look it has. Depth perception is a problem. Looking straight at something it seems 100% further away than if it's in your peripheral. Also having a very diffcult time finding coal, haven't found one vein above ground yet(thinking above ground veins were removed?). However the amount of lead above ground is ridiculous. I prefer the bow/crossbow over guns so lead doesn't serve much of a purpose for me. Before it was widely available on the ground everywhere, i already had way more than I needed all the time.Well that's already kinda a long ""review"". I read reviews on here for over a year while debating buying this game. 17 hours in, i can't even think about anything but this game. Tfp come a long way, this game is ignorantly fun. Fun enough that i was able to forgive a terrible shoddy release of the game on console, which i wasted 40 bucks on 2 copies. Yea i know they didn't technically release it, but they did decide to let tt and ig release a14 version. That imo was a terrible mistake. While it made some money short term, most console players will never consider another tfp game. It's just terribly unstable. Idc whose fault that is, it's a fact.Thanks for reading."
76561198039401451,Recommended,251570,16881080,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lord Jacob,"The standard 7 Days to Die experience:-Die from zombie-Die from zombie again-Find a good place safe from zombies, die from dehydration-Find guns and be a badass zombie-slayer, then die-Cry-Play one more game, and end up never dying againNow with bears and mini-bikes!"
,Recommended,251570,27091370,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Curbolt,Combines Minecraft with Roleplay Elements and lots of Zombies.
76561198127200046,Recommended,251570,23675727,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,yarrrrwood,"need to add more modes of transport and fix random loosing of stuff but pretty awesome game.  also, auto turrets... nuff said"
,Recommended,251570,18992322,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,YLI\vitun\VÄÄPELI,good game
76561197999957065,Recommended,251570,18994336,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Binary Stylus,This game is very awesome
,Recommended,251570,18765015,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Zamargo,"Kotaku says ""Like Minecraft with Gravity""??? I'm sorry mr. game reviewer but possibly us readers expect you to have actually played something before making a reference to it. Yes minecraft has gravity.As for the game it is an awesome game that I have to wait for friends to buy because ive spent a night in an attic hiding listening to zombie sounds and that doesnt feel like a one player deal to me I'm scared."
,Recommended,251570,18930459,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,YOD,Great building and surviving combination not bad graphics needs a bit more fixes but they are comingPros:Has great building mechanics/physicsNot bad looting systemDevs update the game on a basisCons:Needs more updates though
76561198083696574,Recommended,251570,18933231,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,swedempire,fun but not to fun
76561198104172771,Recommended,251570,18763816,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Deadcat,Really enjoyable game. I play mostly on local but the few times I have looked at multi servers its looked ok and ran smoothly.
,Recommended,251570,18813767,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Salty Termite,"Suprisingly the best survival game for sale on steam at the moment. Best bought if you have someone to play with, as the online is a little lacking at the current time. Apart from that it's one of the best co-op/single player games I have played."
,Recommended,251570,11652194,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,doofmeister,"Really nails the survival horror feel, especially at night with running zombies. Good range of options for crafting and a wealth of material available for scavenging. Only thing to be wary of is griefers on public servers."
76561198083882213,Recommended,251570,12058758,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Fishua,This game is great!!! play for hrs and the development team really do a great job keeping up with updates and listening to what people have to say! Keep up the good wor!!Pimp out
,Recommended,251570,12068256,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Boxinc,"I drank the water from the river and caught dysentry, then a giant bee stung me to death."
76561198086502199,Recommended,251570,11688249,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ZuluProxy,"just started playing about a week a go. absolutely love it. Been playing lan with a friend and it has been a good game, though we haven't got far.Would love to see what is in store for the future updates! EXCITED!"
76561198049005814,Recommended,251570,32858356,Posted: 27 June,all,Mathias012 (Arne),This game makes up for some really nice gameplay and then for a cost that is so nicei fell inlove with this game and so will you so go play this zombie game with it's wacky style
,Recommended,251570,12471374,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,KreatorB,Now this is going to be am istant classic. A world that is totally destructable make the game all in its self. I have yet figure out the ins and outs of the game or how to even survive past one day but I will try again and again till I do! Worth the purchase.
,Recommended,251570,17684751,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,๖Sκᴅ Vincent,"Oh please, 7 days to die? More like two weeks to die.Very fun, never play alone though. It get's lonely and scary without friends ;_;"
,Recommended,251570,33201207,Posted: 3 July,all,Jiggypopsauce,"Played this game for nine hours now, and so far it's become apparent that punching zombies is more effectice then using an axe on them, otherwise it's an amazingly addicting game. I'm still figuring everything out, but I enjoy the leveling system, zombie killing survivor RPG type of feel."
76561198007353781,Recommended,251570,8779692,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Omnibus,"Still in alfa and feels more complete than some other (released) games out there. Zombie survival with minecraft like elements. Cant wait for everything else they have planned! Great job guys.Edit: I have been playing this on and off for 3 years now and have watched it grow. Every update is more exciting than the last and gets better and better. I have watched as this has taken shape from a blocky minecrafty enviroment to an upgraded skyrim like enviroment.This game has levels upon levels and each seemlessly intertwines such as the builder, which is what drew me to the game in the first palce and have had great fun building deathtraps for zombiekind.The exploring is intense and a joy as you would expect a zombie infested world to be. Your not a run and gun hero that can kill swaths of zombies without risk. Everything has its own risks and you have to constantly be on your guard like you should be in a zombiefest. No other game has captured the essence straight from Dawn of the Dead like this game.Once you get settled and you gain  a good amount of experience (RPG style with a ton of skills) and have built a shelter that can withstand the Blood moon on each of the 7th day (and you feel brave enough) you then start to roam outward, scavanging further and exploring new apocalyptic enviroments it becomes yet another game.The Devs work on this constantly and improve it with every update. I havent played too much on the multiplayer servers, it does tend to get harder to gather resorces but can also add a new human randomness to the game. Those I have seen and played amonst seem friendly and helpful as we're all trying to survive unlike some other games that water down the danger factor of a zombie infested world so they can go on a human hunt insted. Im sure there are players out there but this game compensates. Zombies can hear what your doing.This is still an early access alfa review although I would not let that sway you into thinking its unfinished or has game breaking bugs, it doesn't. Any bugs are quickly squashed and haven't seen anything that is game breaking at all. It also feels finished and is only getting polish with some extra goodies thrown in with each update. Best Zombie game ever. Will also scare the fluff out of you from time to time. Right when you least expect it. Awesome job guys! 9.5/10"
76561198037579161,Recommended,251570,34162523,Posted: 10 August,all,Kuruchov,"very good game with a lot of potential, it has a lot of bugs and some of them are kind of frustrating, but before we talk more trash of this game we got to understand some things:-the devs are indie-every update bring more bugs, but they get fixed in time-its not easy to make a game, so expect bugs, if you think is easy then make your""perfect"" own and stop crying.-devs have to release versions with lot of bugs because of players rush, just let them make their jobs.-its alpha for god sake, i know its not so early alpha but every versions has their own bugs. so expect bugs-the game is cheap. and the 2 pack is even cheaper.sorry about bad english"
,Recommended,251570,30712661,Posted: 24 March,all,Love Bytes™,I probably spend way too much time playing this game instead of doing homework or working. But it's a game I can play for long periods of time and always have fun. It's never the same every time I play it and it's fun with friends too.
76561198324387374,Recommended,251570,30341973,Posted: 5 March,all,CHangWOlf,"While it depends on the player, I think singleplayer isn't the best experience. However, through playing on a couple different servers and playing with friends.... It has become my favorite multiplayer game right now. The graphics aren't the best but it makes up in the fact of endless possibilities in crafting, building, fighting, scavenging, etc. I can't wait to get back home after school, practices, and friends just to play this game, it's very addictive and fun and I highly recommend you and a friend buy this game."
76561198158914881,Recommended,251570,30353381,Posted: 6 March,all,JCrook1028,If you like the freedom to build what you want while struggling to survive this game is a must in your collection! Absolutely top notch and getting better with every new Alpha released.
76561198299605143,Recommended,251570,25915174,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,terex_s,alpha 15 review! i get about 20 seconds of play before I get randomly booted! can we get this fixed? I payed for the most expensive version of this game.
76561198045411208,Recommended,251570,32283196,Posted: 8 June,all,minndawg,"I still play this game every now and then.I would normally NOT recommend this game until 1.0 is even on the horizon but that's still a long ways away. I DO recommend this game, though, because each patch brings a whole lot of changes and new content it's kind of like starting all over everytime but in a good way.Just let it be known that the development is a little slow and the devs don't really respect their community all that much. Only if you're a youtuber that brings them customers. From the mouth of the devs on their own forums... ""What have you done(for us)?"" Oh, um, I bought your game and the kickstarters also backed your game before it was even a thing. That's not good enough."
76561198062789792,Recommended,251570,23678996,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ninjak01,One the best games I have ever gotten. They keep it up to date and I'm always challenged.😈
,Recommended,251570,28796641,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Beanz,"Probably the best open world zombie survival game out there.  The game gets better and better with every update.  It's a lot of fun to see the progress these devs make.  In my opinion, this game is a must have in your library."
76561198032835435,Recommended,251570,30299886,Posted: 3 March,all,adeep187,"If you like Zombie survival and building bases it is fun, I personally prefer to play with friends but beware with servers you find hosted online. Do not join PVP if you don't know what you are doing because people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and they will find you. I even try to keepin mind the human intruders when building bases in PVE just incase someone doesn't care if they get banned or whatever. You may watch a few youtube videos on base building tips, theres enough there. KEEP IN MIND THERE ARE MECHANICS FOR SUPPORT STRUCTURE SO MAKE SURE YOUR BASES WEIGHT IS SUPPORTED PROPERLY. I had a wall of my tower fall because I was trying to dig under it too much lol.(I bought this game way back in alpha and have come back a couple times since, would buy again)"
,Recommended,251570,26038664,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Paloterox,7 days to die
76561198067241428,Recommended,251570,33738925,Posted: 23 July,all,Djibril,"very nice game,its bcoz the developer always improve the game.recommended.buy it.salam wkwk land."
76561198181566522,Recommended,251570,28395126,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kingjbyrd,very fun game esp if you are playing with friends!
,Recommended,251570,28419403,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Deathbetold,This game has improved every single update i have been playing since A12 and man the overhauls are amazing... I watched a youtuber MARKIPLIER play it with his friends and I jsut could not stop wanting it... soon as i could afford it i bought it and the hours and time and friends i have made with this game alone has been far better than i could have imagined. this game Really REALLY is the best Survival/mmo/FPS/zombie game to date. and if you learn a bit from me. is get your friends and people you trust to play with you. if not you will get raided... and loose it all... well worth the time I think i have close to 2k hours in this game now which is 83.333.... days of my life spent on this game.. and i dont regret a single one of them. keep it up fun pimps and keep making this game better and better!!!
76561198038761775,Recommended,251570,28419976,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,foxblood,good so far. needs a fishing mechanic
76561198123194246,Recommended,251570,28428980,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,$quilliam,Original + fun.  Worth the money.
,Recommended,251570,28421519,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ChuteMe,dope sauce game
76561198307341567,Recommended,251570,29210277,Posted: 12 January,all,Bacon_FTW,awesome game. its a must have. i just wish it was more optimized. even for my system wich is should be over kill for this game i get a lot of lag spikes. my specs: intel i3 6300 16 gb ram gtx1060 6gb
,Recommended,251570,28645567,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BrightlyOwl 907,Very Cooperatively friendly game.
,Recommended,251570,28008998,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheHucks,"After 400 hours I'm finally ready to render a verdict, but you'll have to wait 7 days."
,Recommended,251570,26292712,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mercalon,"Interesting open world game. Too lazy write full review, but I can name this game as Minecraft+The forest."
76561198410473145,Recommended,251570,34976042,Posted: 15 September,all,richard9322000,Hello Day 70 horde was at least 2000 hard to count but it lagged out. Was at 50% of system resourses and half the ram. It was a multi player game.  There is no way anyone survived day 684 like posted on U tube.  Love the game but you need to finish and refine the game.
,Recommended,251570,34851892,Posted: 9 September,all,Jblakely10,"Had a blast in the 80 hours I put into it. Worth the money, for sure. Hit a wall shortly after getting guns and mini bikes and nurned out. I'm excited to come back after more content is added."
76561198053286647,Recommended,251570,34976620,Posted: 15 September,all,Samster1123,"Pretty fun game. It's kind of like Minecraft meets some zombie game. There's a big learning curve, and it's not terribly optimized, but for what it's worth I enjoyed it."
76561198019014450,Recommended,251570,31414029,Posted: 28 April,all,csnowden,"Firstly, this is my first Early access purchase (15.1 (b8)) as I'm not really a fan of Early access, HOWEVER, this is one of the most bug free games i have ever played. Even more so that some full release games.When I started playing 7 days to die, I'll be honest, I couldn't see how it would keep my interest long term. maybe because i started in the snow biome, and every time i went outside and didn't have a coat I'd pretty much freeze or starve.however, i did persist, and boy I'm glad I did. This is one of the most additive games I've played in a long time. It's fair to say that the game primarily is about base building, scavenging and crafting and the zombie factor is a little bit secondary, but if you like building a fortifide base, scavenging, farming and crafting then this is certainly the game for you.I've now played over 150 hours and it still keeps me interested.What I like is you start to plan out in your head what you need to do to your base, and what items you need to survive. building a mini bike was a nice touch, and becuase the map is so big you can just build a new base somewhere else minimising the need to long scavenger runs.The base crafting mechanics are also very well done.Now there are some things I would improve, but i don't want these to be taken as negative as the game is excellent (an IMO ready for full release).1. The graphics won't blow you away, but the gameplay makes up for that2. I feel it's lacking a bit of a main storyline. if you look at all the mainstream oopen world games such as Dead Island, Dyling Light, Far Cry, Fallout, Skyrim, etc... they all follow a story with side quests. the quest system in 7 days to die is a bit weak3. there is no human interaction (I'm only playing Single player), and maybe the game would benefit from that. Only human interaction is at the Traitor Joels.4. I do feel at times, I'm collecting objects etc as I'll need them later in the game, but there isn't really a later in the game, if that makes sense? Later in the game is pretty much the same stuff, and nothing really to look forward to to other than fending off the horde every 7 days.5. the Zombie interaction does feel a bit secondary. maybe i should play feral all day, but think I'd get frustrated at the amount I would die :-)But all of these could certainly be a 7 Days to Die 2. A really enjoyable game, and am still playing it. Good job!"
,Recommended,251570,15567781,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SilverHazer,"Mix the survival ascpect of DayZ with the game mechanics of Minecraft and you have 7 Days to die! This game gave me an absolute obsession haha. I love the building aspect of the game, you can build your own settlement and devent it againt the zombie spawns at night! Al the building aspects of minecreaft and the exciting survival rush of Day Z are inclused."
76561198137439456,Recommended,251570,28655727,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gooses,ahh 7 Days to Die. My fave zombie survival game out there.70% chores10% running10% killing zombies10% crying as your base gets dismantled every 7 days
76561198006020988,Recommended,251570,13849567,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,spigias,"At first i was skeptical because i didn’t like the graphics, but a friend insisted i should try it, and i have. The game is good mix of survival and building +ZOMBIES! Most of the time i play with friends on a private server only PVE no PVP and we have lots of fun doing so. the game updates frequently with new content and bug fixes .I highly recommend it if you like these type of games and have some friends to play with you.."
,Recommended,251570,30321516,Posted: 4 March,all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,rust 2014-------------punch stuff to progress and starve to death while zombies are chasing you
76561197987352455,Recommended,251570,14564259,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,evilove,This is an epic game where minecraft meets dayz! If you are looking for a survival building game with difficult mobs and a very indepth crafting system this is the game for you. it is still in beta and the fun pimps are going to be rolling out there next huge update soon this will probably bump up the cost so this is the time to buy!hope to see you in game!Come join me on my server Evil-inc!
76561198027814648,Recommended,251570,33215451,Posted: 3 July,all,ishabue,"This game is hard between  the weather, zombies( both human and animal), in addition to regular wild aninals death is certain.  The crafting and building is also fun and robust. Still in early acccess things will and have changed."
76561198274961172,Recommended,251570,30970696,Posted: 5 April,all,Seleucus,"I had played a lot of 7 days both by myself and with small groups of people I know,  very action packed, scavenge, loot survive.Zombies are cool, move slow during the day, and the hitboxes are good if you have a good connectionHad a lot of nights playing this until daylight in real life lol.Really is a wonderful game"
,Recommended,251570,28419982,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BroDator,Now i'm on 16GB of RAM just to host this and play seamlessly.
76561198379105486,Recommended,251570,31110383,Posted: 12 April,all,Bluestained11,Love it! play with a friend!
,Recommended,251570,29503409,Posted: 26 January,all,HiFlyinLowlife,"""...and on the seventh night, the Lord pressed Alt-F4.""TL:DR - Fun, worth, great SP experience/Intense MP one7 Days to Die is one of those ""Two VERY Different Games"" game when it comes to a Single Player vs Multiplayer(Co-op private server). I'll try to keep it as short as possible, but my girlfriend can attest this is a game I am passionate about.Alone as a single player experience, you will still have fun and get your full money's worth and more.-Harvest Materials:to build tools, weapons and build a base. Surviving the night without is possible, just not so rewarding. Depending on the rules you set for yourself, one bad move could result in starting over somewhere else.-Hunt carefully:Meat is a necessary evil, but it also attracts zombies. So while you are hunting, you are being hunted.-Defend your base:The first night in your first tiny shack is intense. Pretty much the same experience I had in a temporary shack while exploring. You'll year them shuffle. You'll look through the door you hastily built and see one or two shuffle past. It's intense because when you DO get sensed and hunted, the doors and walls won't save you. You'll watch as they begin to break and frantically try to keep up with the damage. Depending on your luck you will either succeed long enough, or be forced to take off running and hope you get a few lucky shots in to slow them down.-Everything breaks:The physics in this game are fun. See a big water tower? break a few legs off at the bottom. It'l come crashing down and it's contents will pour over the ground, too. The terrain even has it's physics issues. As for the Zombies? Make them walk over spikes and they will crawl on the ground towards you after losing their legs.Multiplayer -The same as above but, your group will be nomadic. You'll build a base, then decide it isn't big enough. Clear a farmhouse and reinforce it. Scavenge the towns nearby, then decide you didn't get lucky enough to find that one shop you needed. Then the hunting parties form as you look for that one caliper you need.. or some extra iron to make the place more formidable.. or a motor to try to get some concrete flowing. Then as the night hits, everyone is alert to not only the zombies, but whatever the rest of the group is doing that might attract them."
76561198075356599,Recommended,251570,14542042,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fingers,"This is honestly one of the best games i have played in the last 10 years, its like DayZ and Minecraft had a baby then that baby became the world ruler of all MMo RPG's.very good game!"
,Recommended,251570,33545040,Posted: 14 July,all,Milde,"Get it, just get it."
,Recommended,251570,28278859,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,YummyMosh,It is a really fun game i got addicted to it the first time i played it so.....I recomend this game
76561198074916593,Recommended,251570,28278892,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jaywildboy,This game is one the best early access games ive played.
76561198045624339,Recommended,251570,35275310,Posted: 28 September,all,2 Baldy 1,"I've had this game since it 1st appeared on steam, wondered how it would go. The wait to see how it developed was well worth it. Im a big fan of Zombie gmes, and this one tops them all, by far the best Zombie survival game I have ever encountered, in my opinion. So I recommend highly to give this game a go. TWO THUMBS UP."
,Recommended,251570,35320759,Posted: 29 September,all,SpiderCamp,"This game is a blast, especially multiplayer. If you get too overwhelmed slaughtering zombies you can just hole up in a building somewhere and renovate it. Because why not? Favorite moments in this game:1. The first time I saw my husband fly by my character riding a scooter-thing2. Digging a tunnel to a river and diverting water into our basement for easy access3. Digging a giant underground shelter and turning it into a zombie-proof bunker4. The time I punched a bear thinking it was a pig5. Renovating an old farm house into a post-industrial zombieproof paradise with a reading nook"
76561198056490235,Recommended,251570,13829650,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ogwar,I have been playing 7 Days to Die for a long while (back in my day we made plywood...and we liked it) it has been a fun evolution to where tehy are now and exciting to see what the final product will be.  I have at least six friends who play and we play a co-operative version multiplayer pretty often.  The mixture of survival and tower defense makes the game strategy vary each time you play it.  There is a point when you have too many people helping and can't make enough food.  It is a great game solo and a great game with friends.
,Recommended,251570,30071398,Posted: 20 February,all,FreeRadical,"It's been in Alpha for a while now and still has a lot of zombie bugs, primarily that they randomly spin around for no reason and the sound has terrible fade so the zombie audio blows you into Africa if you're wearing headphones (regardless of how far away they are to you). There's no slider for NPC volume so you just have to suffer 24 hours a day 7 days a week. You'll see. Other annoying thing to note is whenever they do a big patch it resets save data so if you put a lot of work into a cool base you're out of luck.Other than that it has a lot of playability and the graphic and character animations get better and better every patch. Crafting system very complex but once you get the hang of it there's a lot to do. Much better with more players."
,Recommended,251570,26331854,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sky Official,Oke so I bought this game yesterday (2-pack) and the game is really awesome :DCome and play!
,Recommended,251570,27996338,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RidRuck,Fun if you play with friends :P
76561198047732330,Recommended,251570,27998505,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bluntz0r,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198143023292,Recommended,251570,23852074,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,imaflyinshark420,It is like one of the best games i of on Steam yet um so i Recommend in people and one question can u plz a Bandits
,Recommended,251570,23854179,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Takivashi Nibbas,"Encountered horde on 7th night, 10/10 would build more log spikes around our base at thickness of 10 blocks.Whatever you do, stay away from multiplayer with others.Just play with friends, always fun and ruins friendship and trust."
,Recommended,251570,33786956,Posted: 25 July,all,ProphetOfInfinity,Fantastic. That's all I can really say. Worth every cent.
76561198008697677,Recommended,251570,35222781,Posted: 26 September,all,Toxicmoon,"As an old time gamer, starting with Atari and then later in years MMO’s I longed for the days of difficult content. MMORPGs seem to be obsolete as only fly by night short lived bland flavors.  Been a few years since a game was available that I felt rewarded for my time.  Enter 7 days to die.  This is a fantastic game.While it’s been out for many years I only picked it up a month ago.  I’ve heard a few mentions of it but never tried it for two reasons.  One the title, it implies an ending before you even buy it. While that it isn’t true from the outside looking in that’s how I perceived it. I’m not alone in this thinking as I’ve recommended this game to other age 30-40 guys and they avoided it based on the title for the same reason.Next the graphics are a bit dated looking compared to the polish out there.  Those two things kept me from really looking in to the game until recently.Survival games being the replacement for MMORPG’s or at least for me, I wasn’t really enticed with the choices out there.  PVP is plentiful but the lack of PVE in these games leave a lot to be desired.   When I first started 7 Days to Die and had my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me repeatedly I actually enjoyed it. Finally something with a bit of PVE challenge too it.I reached somewhere in the 70s and decided to reroll on a harder difficulty and start over.  After I got the swing of things I desired more of a challenge and the options provided to scale things up deliver!Despite its dated look, at least from a single player stand point I have to say this is the best survival game that I have played to date and I’ve played a lot of titles.   In the late future I’ll have to give the on-line thing a go and see how I fair in PVP. But right now I’m not even worried about it.  I have so many more places to explore and things to see.This is an immersive well thought out master piece, I love it.Desired requests:A graphics update or mod would be wonderful."
,Recommended,251570,27996489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ScavSlav,I need help. I am having a bug where i cannot start the game. It says Steam Client Is now open or cannot connect. If you know how to fix this bug please help.
76561198217783988,Recommended,251570,27999518,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LuKk,"If you can't consider to buy this game...+ Very nice survival game+ Multiplayer+ Price 20€ or 9€ for sale+ Lot's of crafting recepies+ Diffcluty+ Hours of fun- Alpha- Some bugsResult - Great game, for a good price, future development of the game, some little bugs."
,Recommended,251570,33609011,Posted: 17 July,all,[FST]IxMillssss,"Basically, buy this game if you like killing zombies, digging trenches, and loot.P.s. Play it with a friend, you'll have a much better experience."
76561198049373592,Recommended,251570,33621513,Posted: 17 July,all,xxBFKxxWM,"This game, It just get better and better and better"
76561198146960573,Recommended,251570,33621772,Posted: 17 July,all,2B,"The one thing I hate about this game is that when you get crushed by the ground, or whatever falls on you, that thing destroys your bag, so you lose all of your stuff.  I get that it would probably happen if the same thing happened in real life, but come on, the game is hard already, why put something into the game that makes it even more frustrating"
76561198116218800,Recommended,251570,33623377,Posted: 17 July,all,Pickel Rik,Why is toilet in box?? :))))
,Recommended,251570,33622098,Posted: 17 July,all,AdrianArcade,"I""m addicted to this game and I know many who have put in 100s of hours. Really worth it."
76561198022850869,Recommended,251570,33064913,Posted: 30 June,all,Jack Reace,its like dayz but good.
76561198124798238,Recommended,251570,28852126,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lôthar Von Fäbér,I am so glad I bought this game before.I've already stopped playing this last year becausethere was not much update but seeing it nowit has progressed already and it has givenme chills again to play the game. very well worth it!please do support this early access game becauseit shows very good potentialnot to mention it's really challengingbecause you have to scavenge a lot for resourceswhile trying to draw attention of enemies.
,Recommended,251570,13170600,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Epic Dude,"She may not be the prettiest girl at zombie prom, but 7 Days to Die balances looks, features, and replayability. I actually get excited about starting over on a new server and trying out a new type of house or living in a different biome. The posibilities for survival are many fold, and you'll enjoy smashing in those zombies' faces time and again, whether it's with your bare fists or a high powered rifle. Or a rocket launcher."
,Recommended,251570,16102792,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Krusty,"Best crafting - survival game I've played so far, out of all these other types of early access games on Steam. Buy it !"
,Recommended,251570,33327240,Posted: 6 July,all,Eden Hack,Great building game with fantastic skill system and just all around awesome gameplay. Its graphics leave the mind wanting but if you spent a million hours on minecraft... you can probably spent a few extra million on this contently
,Recommended,251570,33460906,Posted: 11 July,all,Afton,It's (kinda) like Minecraft...but scarier. Built a base on top of a hotel with some friends. Got attacked by large group of zombies. Broke the ladder to the roof and prayed they couldn't climb.  10/10 would build a hotel base again.
,Recommended,251570,33554310,Posted: 15 July,all,rtrdooter,"So im just going to put this out there...I had over 130 hours into my game during Alpha 15 before the most recent massive update that they did and during that time i had found so many cheese loopholes/glitches/bugs and i still found the game to be very entertaining and enjoyable. I played with some friends and we did so much stuff to survive every horde night possible and did so with ease because of the loopholes/glitches and whatnot...but then...Alpha 16 came along and ruined all of that for us BUT let me explain why i said ruined...First off about 90% of our stuff was no longer useable as in we could no longer open our loot containers or storage boxes and whotnot the items were null referenced beyond belief so instead of trying to fix and work around it we decided to scrap and start over with Alpha 16 new file 130 hours down the trash...BUT!Upon starting a new file we quickly learned that we actually had to find a way to survive this go around, no long able to use a lot of the glitches (except 1...which is the kraft macaroni and cheeseiest way to play the game, not going to spoil it but its obvious if you play the game which one it is) ANYWAYS, so there we are stranded with no clue on how to actually cheat our way to surival on this patch, everything is out to kill us and kill us it has, mainly my friends but ill admit ive died 1 or 2 times...but the new leveling system makes it a lot harder to level instead of how it used to be, selling items is a lot harder and more rewarding instead of just selling the trades massive amounts of 1/2 wooden blocks for about $16k per 500 and being fully fortified by day 3 to withstand months of horde nights...In all this game is beyond worth its current price tag (unless you are one of those filthy console peasants...then its totaly not worth it because it is nowhere near as good as the PC version)..Anyways i have no idea what im really typing about this game other than to get you guys to read a lot of nonsense about my opinion which is basically all a review really is and the TL:DR is right after this...TL:DR VersionBuy it and let it take over your lifePros -Patches keep getting better and better which gives you more and more reason to try and learn how to survive and more and more reason to try new thingsCons -Patches sometimes cause you to lose countless hours of prior gameplay which reverts you back to the pros of this game..."
76561198043042895,Recommended,251570,33562473,Posted: 15 July,all,BiG bUm 614,"This game is addictive and fun. If you like Minecraft, but want a different take, Play this game. 7D2D is like minecraft but with different aspects. You can't build in the sky, you can but buildings have structual integerty . Scav is fun and the perk/skills system is like skyrim. you level up as you do things. If you like adventure games and looting and building stuff. get this game and try it out."
,Recommended,251570,33329124,Posted: 6 July,all,Leon,"I've only had this game for a few days after buying it for a friend and myself during the Summer Sale 2017 and absolutely love it. It has incredible potential if it keeps moving in the right direction.I've mostly been playing on single player with custom rules to get familiar with the game. There is a massive map with multiple types of terrain - you have to face weather, wildlife, and zombies on your journey. Building a base is easy - you can make yours from scratch or dry to duck down in a pre-existing home, gathering resources in order to build it up strong enough to withstand the massive zombie hoardes and other players (if playing online.) However, if you don't want that combat and like to live in isolation like me, you can make a custom single-player game with no enemies and work on just crafting and basic survival. (I highly recommend doing this to learn how the game works before trying out public servers.)I've only played a few hours of multiplayer, but I lov how you can ally with other members and play with your friends. A fun game to pair with Discord's voice chat, teaming up to fight zombies and other players as well as keeping yourselves and each other alive in the harsh weather conditions.Pros:-Highly customizable single player mode.-Basically limitless construction (if you have the materials gathered!)-Kinda creepy atmosphere when zombies are enabled.-Leveling system similar to Skyrim. (Perks get better as you use them.)-Many, many elements go into survival. Temperatures, food and water, shelter, and enemies are stacked against you.-Very atmospheric.-Easy collaboration with friends in multiplayer, as well as good options for PvP.Cons:-Some multiplayer servers are spotty.-Takes a long while to get used to. (Not really a con, unless youre diving into MP right away)-Runs like a charm.... on all of the lowest graphics settings.-Animal animations are a bit blocky.-Animal spawn rates tend to be a bit low. (It's still very playable, though!)-Some items have ridiculously low or ridiculously high stacking in the player's inventory.-Stealth ""meter"" only works with Zombies. You can't tell if animals or other players can see you as well.-Generic textures. This may just be because I'm running on all of the lowest settings, but thers little to no variety in models for items in the world.-Falling through the map has been happening to me, but only when playing multiplayer. (This is fixed by simply reloading the game)-sometimes, my weapons just... don't work. I will be at point blank range, and the arrow I'm using will sometimes phase through the zombie or creature I'm aiming at.-Sometimes, this game can turn into Waiting Simulator 2017.It's also important to realize this game is still Early Access and receives updates! The only thing that has actually bugged me about it is simply the animal animations. You lose sight of them instantly as they clip around after being frightened. Other than that, I would highly recommend this game if you're looking for some fun crafting/survival for yourself or with friends. I hope to see this game grow!(Written on 7/6/2017 with ~30hrs of gameplay)(Updated 7/8/2017 with ~45hrs of gampleay)"
76561198136230873,Recommended,251570,33729797,Posted: 22 July,all,xivtheater,"after 134 hours of gameplay, I can safly say that the game is great. It changes just frequently enoufgh that when you lern evrything in one update another comesout and suprises you. The game is able to scare you at points but i would not clasify it as a horor game. If you want a well ballanced game then this is the one for you."
76561198060648879,Recommended,251570,33057926,Posted: 30 June,all,hayseddy,10 HRS in and i am certain this is how a zombie game should be wow i am really really happy i got this game the feeling of let me dig a slit trench around my house and put spikes in them and then falling in and getting killed is amazing the voxel based system is what makes this game if not for voxel then this game would be a mehh its good enogh to draw me away from DAY Z MOD and to play 7 DAYS TO DIE overall first impressions ♥♥♥♥ing amazing 8/10.
76561197970722798,Recommended,251570,33559465,Posted: 15 July,all,Pepsi274,"Totally having a blast. Building, crafting, defending just a lot of fun"
,Recommended,251570,33561442,Posted: 15 July,all,rares 2004,cel mai tare joc survivar dar daca ar adauga si tunuri si mai multe capcane pt zombie ar fii perfect
76561198019838160,Recommended,251570,24351242,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JeSper1864 |,7 days to die!!! As the name of the game states occurs us.Hard to play if you dont know about the game and craft thing...if you know the game is really awesome... giv it time and learn it... play co-op is more fun...If you have problem with the game dont install modes into the game and reset the game.. if you lag on co-op-mutiplayer it is maybe because you mate have sucks net... [experience] from some friends playingThe game is still a alpha and i hope never the game will come out in a done version because I like the facts about updatesBad thing about the game not to many traps and thing you can put around you base is only spirks and spirks and barbed wire and spirkes xD+ Skill points tree+ work to make your stuff better ++++++ looting system can be better but like the fact you have to seach to get better to find better loot+ I love the medic zombie so dirty xDKeep up the good works 7 days to die see you in the next alpha 15
76561198039142689,Recommended,251570,24331633,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Anarchy Rabbit,"Playing with friendsDecided to be in charge of mining building materials for baseWent crazy one night and walled off island used for staging area for mineRefused to let others in for a few daysSeceded from partnership with friendsDemanded they trade bullets for building materials or I would start firing stolen rockets at their unfinished baseDeclared war when i discovered a section of wall had been destroyed while i was away so they could get building mats.Slowly started to starve to death, can't grow food undergroundSurvived off rotten food and blood packsSigned peace treaty, built 'friendship tunnel'Castusvania: Primary exports-Stone, Cement, Steel, Coal, Gunpowder, Insanity."
76561198023231313,Recommended,251570,25243480,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,EvilNanna,This game is awesome.  Have played many hours co-op with friends. Love the way you can ramp up the difficulty at any time.  Each world can be random generated which creates all sorts of challenges (fun ones).Only problem we have with game is ?? memory leakage where one player gradually becomes later and later.  eg 10.00 game time on our local server but their time drags out to 09.50.  Is not internet problem because other games work OK.  We are only 1km apart from each other.  The person lagging has to quit and reboot to synchronise us all again.If you can fix this probelm Pun Pimps then I can see another 900+ hours playing.
,Recommended,251570,24341515,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,cashiimo,"I'm loving this game. And in my experience, it's not that buggy as people told me before i got the game. Maybe that's different from system to system.The concept of this game is something i have been missing in any other zombie game, and it combines all of my favorite gaming elements; crafting - zombies - perk and skill tree - open world.If you love games with any of those elements, this game is worth a shot. Just please remember the game is in Alpha as i'm writing this. There will be bugs."
76561198130637127,Recommended,251570,25215547,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SoloQ,"Story: Not a Focus in this game, generic, ""Zombies Attacked, you need to survive.""Replay Value: pretty good replay value. You can almost always do something to improve your condition. Has a Stats progression system, making you want to play more to Max out.If you even do reach a point that there is nothing left to do, you can just make a new world and start from scratchGameplay: You can choose to spawn in a world that is premade or Randomly Generated. You have 7 days before the full hoard is released, with each day becoming more andmore difficult. you won't die often once you get somewhat familiar to the game, as it can be very easy if settings are not adjusted. All though when you do die, you will lose 10% of max stamina and health Most fun whenplayed with others. Much like Minecraft, almost everything you need/want can be obtained through making tools and hitting Tree, Rocks, ect. Materials are also obtainedthrough trash bags, bird nests, and plants.Graphics: If you looking for a game with amazing graphics, then skip this game. the graphics are very poor compared to a lot of modern games, because that isn't a focus ofthis game.Sound: For the most part the sounds in this game are accruate, with the exception of the actual zombies. They tend to sound closer then they really are.Opinion: I would Personally recommend this game to anyone with a powerfull enough PC to run it. if you are playing on a console i would skip, as it is buggy, the graphics areeven worse and you are paying for an unfinished game on console. What you need to keep in mind is that this is an early access game, and could change a lot between whenyou buy and when the game is finished."
76561198000301515,Recommended,251570,35492477,Posted: 5 October,all,✪ Rainbow,"After playing about 400 hours since the beginning of A15, I think this is a good time for me to finally write a review of this game.The game is incredibly interesting and introduced a whole new style of survival game. Base building, crafting, scavenging, and zombies. The game has it draws. For me it was the idea of base building introduced with zombies, but I can now appreciate all the other assets this game has in it.The beginning is pretty standard. They give you preloaded quests that help you navigate the basics of the game to figure out what is important (tools, weapons, bedroll, armor, etc.) and shows you where the nearest trader is to your current position (sell items in return for coins that can be used to buy better items or items exclusive to traders). After completing these starting quests, the game lets go of your hand and you're not on your own (or with a few friends as I prefer). The posibilities are endless to what you can do from here.If you want to be a hunter, go out and hunter for animals to find better food and increase your survivability.If you want to be a scavenger, go out and raid nearby towns of the goodies people have left behind in the zombie outbreak.If you want to be a base builder, harvest wood and stone to fortify your defenses to protect you (and your friends) from the zombies that happen to be passing by.If you want to be a farmer, find seeds and crops all around the world to build your farm.If you want to harvest materials, grab a stone axe/shovel and chop down trees, dig into the dirt, harvest stone/iron/lead/etc.If you just want to eliminate the zombies, take a trusty knife and crossbow and go out into the world to kill them all.If you want to be a jack of all trades, do everything listed above.Be careful though because the game does progress quickly, in terms of difficulty.By the time the night of day 7 (and every multiple of 7) arrives, you better be ready to fight your heart out to protect your  base and the many treasures you have collected from the horde of zombies coming right for you.If this all appeals to you, I highly suggest playing this game.If you're still a little uneasy about it being in EA and want to see what the next patch brings, wait.However, I recommend this game to everyone and anyone who enjoys survival, zombie, crafting games. The community is top notch in helping people out and banding together on small dedicated servers or huge pvp servers.Good luck, happy hunting, and most of all, survive."
76561198141669513,Recommended,251570,33622516,Posted: 17 July,all,Rooster,Best game ever :^]
76561198159058448,Recommended,251570,33623935,Posted: 17 July,all,TomWalker10,The best Zombie survival game out there! Keep it coming...
76561198277500558,Recommended,251570,33789672,Posted: 25 July,all,OddFriendOut,Super fun i play it ever
,Not Recommended,251570,35402907,Posted: 1 October,all,mitchrules66,"Rushes out an update to appease people...as of right now zombie detection is completely broken, zombies respawn in houses you just cleared and a fair few more extremely obvious bugs.I really wanted to give this a good review but...after Alpha 16 released the game became largely unplayable.Please fix the game.Please wait to release functioning updates in the future.Do not buy in current state.EDIT: Zombies respawning in houses has apparently been fixed in latest update."
76561198067424452,Recommended,251570,17694247,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,586rick,"after 2 year having the game and almost 600 hours of play I can say that the game is great not awesome but its great.+ Devs works hard for updating the game, so thats a good thing.+ So much thing you can do as a crafting survival game.~ There is bugs, sure its early access and alpha stage so thats for sure, but its not too bad.-  For new player, it can be really hard hard at the beggining but the tutorials are great to know the basic of the gameSo thats my review, I'll give the game an 9/10 for now depending on the future updates, it might changes for the best or the worst."
,Recommended,251570,35516425,Posted: 6 October,all,Dank,Dank
76561198353525516,Recommended,251570,33324451,Posted: 6 July,all,Wind Chill,"Why 7 Days to Die is an incredible game:1. The Pimps are very dedicated to this game which is awesome.2. Open world, free roaming, and large Navezgane map with TONS of cool structures, cities, and other P.O.I.3. Many different types of zombies that are SO fun to kill (and quite terrifying in large numbers)4. Easy to follow crafting system5. Many, many items. Guns, ammo, food, drinks, building blocks, defenseive traps, mining tools, etc.6. It has a minecraft building system but with physics (and yes, the zombies can slowly but surely destroy your home)7. Never tiring, long lasting worlds, endless adventures, and on good graphics the sun rays look so cool.7 reasons by 7DTD is a great game with a promising future."
,Recommended,251570,11743039,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Captain William ✞,"10/10 one of the Best games I ever played. Can get really intense on pvp multiplayer. Lots, LOTS of fun with friends. One of the games I always dreamed of. And the team is awesome and stay on the ball with the updates. Good looking out Pimps."
,Recommended,251570,8854086,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,-SANA-,Its a nice gameLike minecraftadventure n stuff
76561198020890271,Recommended,251570,13950489,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,verrrac,"This game killed me. I love it!7 days to die with its large open world is the best zombie killer game I’ve seen in years! Even though its still in its alpha/beta stage of production I would rate it worth the investment, it has surprisingly few bugs. (items you are crafting will be lost on death. However, this might be intentional to act as another incentive to stay alive)7 Days to die has a great background sound track that changes in each biome. I love the sound and smell “hotspots” that attract and frenzy the hoard. This “new” game mechanic allows the player to choose his/her strategy between run-and-gun or sneaky-builder-gather.I love multi-player but I never play with people who “team-kill,” as it stands I only play multi-player my military buddies because we already know how to efficiently watch each other’s backs in an asymmetrical battlefield. We us focused tactics and strategy to quickly dominate our operational area and construct a forward operational base before nightfall day one, we then scavenge more weapons and armor while day 2 we focus on collecting: skillbooks, weapons and ammo to fully supply our fire-team in preparation for raids in the city and scouting for a better base site before the bigger hoard comes at the end of the 7th day. However even with a team of 3-5 players this game can still be challenging on the noob setting!I wait with baited breath for experience to be fully inegrated in the game with a better stats screen and possible skill trees in future updates.(So be warned if you can manage to survive a few game nights without torches or candles, you will have to turn your nightlight on in real life in order to sleep at night!)Sincerely a gray-haired gamer."
,Recommended,251570,22836364,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,JayPeePee,Product has been in Alpha for ages!!! good game constant updates and resets makes it worthwhile for a bit
,Recommended,251570,11772212,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Coda,"This game is like dayz but fun. The normal problem i have with dayz is the amount of skill you need to have to play it 'correctly'. This game is much more different. Its a great way to start for zombie survival n00bs (like me). With the recent update the game looks a LOT prettier, and with randomly generated worlds its much harder to survive. I absolutely LOVE this game and recommend it to everyone.12/10 Better than apple pie -IGN"
,Recommended,251570,14669798,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ATF_Isamu **,"a good blend of survivial, crafting, and zombie slaying.  Zombies really do not present serrious threat unless it is after dark, when the stop shambling around and start running you down.  Unfortunatly, this means you spend your nights hiding in the dark trying not to make sounds, and the days exploring the world collecting the things you need for survivial and building a home.The random world generation means this game is always fresh when you start over.  Lots of good replayability there, but no real end-game once you have the supplies you need to sustain yourself.  I love the exploration and not knowing which way to walk when you start a new game.  With a 100% destructable environment it gets bonus points.  When i want to play mincraft, i just turn this on instead and I am a lot happier.  Overall i give it an 8.5/10 (it looses points for lack of challenge and limitied long-term gameplay as it is more fun to start a new game than continue an old one)If I had to buy it again, i would willingly pay $20 for this game."
76561198005666370,Recommended,251570,12783264,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ax3,given over 500 hours to this game and still can not wait to play this more.I play co-op with the GF who also is coming upto 500 hours game time. It has made her a PC gamer.looking forward to the next update.Highly recommend buying this game.
76561198145596813,Recommended,251570,24913134,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Vault,"IGN said it was bad but if you have a friend and you can communicate this can be a very fun campaign, and you can build a anti-zombie fortress and have mines that go to middle earth, and exploding crossbow bolts! My opinion is that this game can get very boring and scary, and there are plenty of trolls and the games price is very high, luckily the steam summer sales were rolling at the time when i bought it but out of ten i would rate 6-7/10, it is fun, gloomy, and can get boring,"
76561198030160883,Recommended,251570,12826089,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Shade,If you ever liked Minecraft than this game is a must try for you. In my opinion this is everything Minecraft is and was supposed to be.
76561198100537778,Recommended,251570,12943319,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,kev-in-malta,"Hi anyone reading this.If I were only allowed to own one game, this would be the one, buy it, enjoy it, its fantastic.Firstly I never play multiplayer nor have I ever played this type of game before so this is just my oppinion on how awsome the SP game is, over 90 hours so far and loving it.Day 16, built 5 floor fortress  on top of hill between 2 pinacles, great views all round, no lake nearby but I can see the noon air drop so suply not a problem.Exploring, looting , kinda like christmas every day, killing many types of persistant Z's , plenty to kill you if you drop your guard, so far so good,Z's sm faster and more active  at night, heard lots of Zombies last night but none near my place, better go get me some air drop supplys.What the hell ! the Z's are tunneling in no less than 5 tunnels under my fortress, damn spikes and mine field they just don't stop them,Note to self :- need to find me some more wood and build a second escape route to nearby pinacle, and several shooting platforms.7 days to Die is awsome, great to explore and find loot but even better to have the Z's a real and constant threat, ready to attack you at anytime, and destroy anything to get at you, damn these guys must be really hungry. and I'm on their menu better go grab me some supplys and get that second escaper route done before they overun my place."
,Recommended,251570,13569141,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pinkcamogal,"Let me start by saying I hate shooter games. I really wanted to play this game for the building, gathering and survival. What is great about it is you can start with the zombies turned off. After you get the hang of the game you can turn the zombie settings on low and move them up as you get better. Over all its a great game alone or with friends. The pimps have done a great job progressing and even if they stopped now I would be happy with the game and continue to play."
,Recommended,251570,9109209,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,keksari,Ihan vi tun hyvä
76561198070623089,Recommended,251570,15276617,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dboyfresh,"Best thing since slice bread. This game has everything i've been looking for in a single game (survival,builder,crafting, PVP, and raiding). If Minecraft and Don't Starve had a baby, then Left for Dead and DayZ had a baby, then those two babies had a baby, it would be this game. Not much games have been able to catch my attention like this, and the great thing is it's still in damn Alpha so it can only keep on getting better. With the recent update to Alpha 11 the graphics has dramatically improved making it even more intense when i'm hiding in a hole scared for my life because a horde is running by me at night time. Haha it also has some intense PvP also online, the treachery is real!At first I was hesitant to buy an alpha game for $25 but this game was worth every penny. I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,251570,13163254,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Moonboots,"7 days to die is not just another survival sandbox game, it is a zombie survival adventure that gives the player several options on how they want to loot an area or take on a horde of undead, do you want to be sneaky and find away around the zombies or do you want to go in guns blazin to kill absolutely everything that stands in your way, you choose. when creating a world the players are given a TON of customization options to fit how they wish to play, difficult, day length, amount of zombies, speed of zombies, how many days between loot drops, many details of how they world works can be customized here. the game however does have some issues, for example the zombie dogs are all too dangerous and have very glitchy AI, however the game is still in early development so expect to see massive improvements and a range of new features added in the future. overall I give 7 days to die a 7/10"
,Recommended,251570,22838671,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,nestamon,"A great game.  Good mechanics.  A little clunky at times, but getting better all the time.  Best survival crafting game with zombie theme I've played yet."
,Recommended,251570,12854734,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,constchar*,"Feels a lot like Minecraft for adults. Game is super fun, has come along way since early versions and still has a lot of potential, however unless you're easily entertained the game can get a bit boring and it's game play is relatively shallow compared to another zombie game here on Steam (the one that is isometric and also open world) but with the transparency between the developers and the player base I expect this title to be continue to improve; the developers seem really interested in making this the ultimate survival game. Despite it's current short comings I would highly recommend, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198180615550,Recommended,251570,16393826,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The14thBerserker,Jumped into the game..dug a hole...got stuck...bought game for friend...10/10
76561197995952971,Recommended,251570,10835293,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MasonSheep,Has the makings of a great game and will eventually get there. It feels like minecraft only much gritier. The survival aspects seem very real and the options make a variety of server possibilites. But it is in early access and with that said there is a lot of problems. I do not regret buying this game and look foreward to playing it more whenever it gets further into development.
,Recommended,251570,11793831,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dr. Novikov,"Even in it's alpha stage it's the best survival + crafting + bulding + zombie game.1. Zombies are way better than in DayZ, and Rust does not even have zombies.2. Crafting is way better than in Minecraft, Don't Starve or any other crafting survival game.3. Building is way better than in Rust or Minecraft. You can build palaces or hidden underground bunkers with entrances covered with ground. You can fortify a building of undermine it and place explosives. In Rust you just place predefined blocks which all look the same and are very visible.4. Scavenging a city, sneaking nearby a huge horde trying to stay unnoticed is awesome.5. The new random map generation system adds a lot to replayability and variability. Biomes are huge. Players actually do have space to build, hunt, escape and evade."
,Recommended,251570,22830348,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Likewise,"Very fun PVP and PVE. The PVP, crafting and building aspects were a lot better than expected. Highly recommended for survival enthusiasts."
,Recommended,251570,15923130,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,.vAs.donlee[Straya],"Just Wow its amazing I have been gaming for over 30 years and this game has blown me away its not the best graphics but there good its not the best gameplay or best anything yet its so much more than the sum of its parts, and its only in alpha.I have rarely been so immersed in a game as this one i actually hurt my neck and jaw from being so tense hunched over with my neck down in my shoulders my jaw clenched in anticipation and worry.I would recommend for new players to fiddle with the settings a little maybe turn down zombie spawns and lower the difficulty setting i also choose to have a longer 24hr period currently at 120mins for 24hr cycle because its a steep learning curve and looting mining crafting etc all takes time, just watch some youtube vids there are lots out there with tips and tricks.Anyway i honestly can not sing this games praises any higher its amazing so worth the small money investment of 20-25 bucks whatever it is this is one of very few games i will give 10/10 thanks for creating this masterpiece devs ;-)."
76561198038371482,Recommended,251570,8629025,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rat 13,"When Minecraft meets DayZ. Of course in it's current state, game if filled with all sort of glitches and bugs; you can stuck, game may crash, you may loose all ye equepment, game may simply not run, lags everything. But is it worth it? In mah opinion -- yes it does! Give it a chance, and you will play this game like no other. Or at least buy it and wait till official release or at least beta. Because when constructor meets survival, it's alweys a lot of fun.Second to Starbound in terms of sandbox, this year.Что случается, когда Minecraft встречает DayZ? Получается вот такая игра. Да, она еще в стадии Альфы и заполнена кучей багов и ошибок; Вылеты, гличи, зависания, потеря инвентаря, да даже запустить её уже шаманство. Однако, стоит начать играть, и отказатся уже невозможно. Если вы нетерпимы к альфам -- все равно купите и дождитесь беты или официального релиза. Эта игра того стоит, потому что когда конструктор объеденяется с выживанием, получается дико весело.В этом году вторая после Starbound песочница."
76561198069520929,Recommended,251570,11741594,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Steve Brule,"Great game from a small company. Devs communicate with the playerbase very well. Gameplay is really fun. First game in a while to actually give me goosebumps. Poked my head out the back door at night to see a spider zombie running through a cornfield at me screaming. The crafting system is great. Animations are a tad stiff feeling, but this game feels more like a beta than an alpha."
,Recommended,251570,23490556,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Microsoft ©,"I have build many buildings. Some have been small, others big. In the end i got bored. Than a new patch comes out and i start out again.Sometimes there a infected dogs. But bears, stags and pigs are cool. Really crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥man.Edit: HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THERE ARE NOW ZOMBIE BEARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FUUUUCK!!!!"
,Recommended,251570,8057692,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Distilled_Gravy,This game is immensely fun and enjoyable. It is a perfect combo of parts of minecraft and Dayz. The survival aspects of it are really good and it is really satisfying to find guns and ammo through out the game world. It is tough to master but easy to have fun with. I totally recommend 7 days to die and look forward to it's future updates!
76561197978920208,Recommended,251570,15853717,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Slimans,This game rocks
76561198055771407,Recommended,251570,30349025,Posted: 5 March,all,Roob,"Overall this is a great survival/crafting game -fills a void that other games have tried to and failed. The Mac client is a little buggy, and there are some graphical glitches and optimization issues here and there, but it's one of the only games I like to consistently play, both solo and with others. Strongly reccomend!"
76561197970876338,Recommended,251570,23411023,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jackson,"7 days to die is one of my favorites on steam. it's a cross between dead island, fallout and minecraft. I mostly play on the server Rayne Of The Dead. it's a PVE server. the community is very helpful and friendly. Dev Joel Updates his blog every week. and he is very active on the 7dtd forums. the only disappointing thing about 7dtd is it takes them a long time to released new alpha builds. 4-6 months. but when released it's well worth it."
,Recommended,251570,30784720,Posted: 27 March,all,F3AR,Dope Game 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,251570,11155072,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Lil Saitam,LOVELY GAME
76561198080965451,Recommended,251570,13605495,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Swift Chimp,"Easily one of the best game I've ever played if you dont get this you should probably think very hard about your life. (skip to the bottom for a short version)Pros-Crafting holds your hand, but just enough so you get the whole experience of it, not in a way that makes you feel like the games doing it for you, and it is also very in-depth and generally makes alot of sense.-BLOCK PHYSICS, you can't nerd pole up without zombies hitting the bottom and the entire thing crashing down and you falling, and you can't infinately build sideways from a starting point, or the structure will soon fall, unless you support it.-Incredibly easy to play with your friends, and find them in the world, you can host your own free servers, and track your friends if they accept the invite, and also allow random players to join, and you don't need to use IP or open your ports, it's all public.-This game is actually a horror game alot of the time, unlike most ""horror survival games"", mostly since the zombies ai is done very well and they are a HUGE threat; for example, the zombies run at night, so sometimes your just running along a road hoping you can find a house before a horde of zombies finds you and kicks your head off, and the zombies can easily break down defenses in large groups, so you can just be hoping they dont get through your door before dawn comes.-The block models in this game are incredible, this is the first and only game game I've played that you can dig a hole in the ground, and it doesn't look like a square going down, it actually looks like a real, round hole, and I am in awe of how the devs were able to pull it off so well.-Base building is very easy, and intuitive, and also gives you many different options for walls and doors, such as plain wood walls and doors, up to solid iron doors and reinforced concrete walls, and many things inbetween.-Like i said above, the zombies are very well made, they break down walls at a reasonable pace, so it's not just obnoxious and unreal, but enough to make it a challenge still and every once in a while you have to repair walls, and are very realistically placed.-It's YOUR world! You can change almost everything about it! The setting for the world are very well thought out, you can change everything from crafting time and loot timers, to block durability and zombie spawning/difficulty, and almost everything inbetween that you can think of.-The game never gets old, I got this around 2 years ago and i still play it with my friends today.-The devs are constantly updating the game with actual game changing elements, not just how grass looks from a 47 degree angle on tuesdays if it was a full moon yesterday, and it's still in early access, and feels like a full game, not a broken mess.Cons-Murderous bees are spooky and loud-Have to bring down stuffed animals to hold and make me stop crying because of all the spooks.-Can't change settings in game, which makes people in privately hosted servers cry.SHORT VERSIONPros-Easy, intuitive craftng, yet still in-depth.-BLOCK PHYSICS, FINALLY. You can't just build a straight pole up without zombies hitting the bottom block and it all crashing down on you, and you can't infinately build to the side, without supporting it from below or the entire structure will collapse.-Very easy to play with friends and find them in-game, just host a server and go, or join a densely populated server with tons of other people.-Actually feels like a survival horror game, not a tree hitting, scavenging simulator.-Incredible block models, holes look like holes, not square death pits.-Base building is easy, and gives you complete control on what you want your base to look like.-The zombies are nothing short of amazing, and actually make the game challenging, since they can break through your base, but at a reasonable pace, so it's realistic, not obnoxious.-You can change almost everything about the world, from block durability, to loot timers and abundance, to zombie spawn rates and difficulty.-This is in early access, but feels like a finished product, with very minimal glitches, and a large amount of content in the game, and the devs are still consistantly updating it with substantial improvements, not tiny changes to unimportant aspects.Cons-2Spooky5MeSummary: Get the game"
76561198095868084,Recommended,251570,13706693,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Aimless Gamer,"Ate some raw bird egg i found in a pile of garbage, decided to wash it down with some murky water...10/10 will s*** again"
,Recommended,251570,32914600,Posted: 27 June,all,Bando,gud
76561198022182244,Recommended,251570,13948924,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Rogred,"Spawned in the snow,looked for a town/village,found tons of big zombies who kill you with 2 to 3 hits and they all ganged up on me.  10/10 Would say hi to a zombie lumberjack again."
,Recommended,251570,26943433,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Donald ""Zap The Trap"" Trump",>Buy game after seeing seananners play it.>oshit my PC cant run this>1 year later>oshit my pc can run it>join random server>die>die>die>see a large black man running towards me>leave the server11/10
76561198340743278,Recommended,251570,28761231,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mali zeleni,"I love this game because it's a suuuper game... Pay and play, nothing else to say..."
76561198119296197,Recommended,251570,33203375,Posted: 3 July,all,miro2033,good game
76561198002906228,Recommended,251570,33018398,Posted: 29 June,all,death071307,Awsome game. Even better with friends.
,Recommended,251570,17138806,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,sgtlion,"I'm wary of all these poor reviews about community interaction. However I do like the game, and as of today they're still patching regularly. If The Fun Pimps can finish this game, then I will solely blame their PR department and continue to buy their sweet games.This game is fun."
,Recommended,251570,28827035,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,『Uχǿzi』™,Nice game.10/10 Would get glitched and teleported 1000m from my base again
76561198070171287,Recommended,251570,28727725,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blessed,Worst best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,251570,11386739,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Star 5iege,"10/10You may be asking why?1.Just like Minecraft, you can do whatever you want in this game (99%)2.If you watched the tv show Walking Dead, it's exactly like it but you get to decide how things go and overcome problems byyourself or together with your friends.3.Awesome weapons such as CrossbowWARNING! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME DURING LUNCH OR DINNER! (You will want to vomit or you can't eat anything down.)"
,Recommended,251570,11004049,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,coolandchill,"Removed piece of gravel from the roof after rebuilding it, entire roof collapses.11/8 would buy again"
76561197968341066,Recommended,251570,11049421,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bishop in the Church of Zombies,"Interesting concept: If you like minecraft and zombie survival this is a great mix of both worlds. It is currently in pre-alpha and already players are able to craft complex bases and a multitude of helpful items to survive the nights. The zombies are slow and ""mostly"" harmless in douring the day but at night they are sprinting homicidal maniacs that should not be taken lightly! Help support this growing game by getting into the early access, its def. worth it."
76561198004003194,Recommended,251570,24885983,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Your Mom,"Quite simply the best survival game out there, hands down, and getting better iwth every update."
,Recommended,251570,24509871,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,smokified,"Complex crafting and building system mixed with PVP, raiding, exploration, mining and survival.  This game should appeal to a wide variety of gamers.Although the game is still offically in alpha due the number of planned features that have not yet been implemented, it is very playable and the planned features are regularly being added along with improvements to existing features."
76561198094664024,Recommended,251570,11732756,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[101stA]Sgt Watson,"One Of THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED. WEATHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY.THIS REVIEW IS FOR ALPHA 9.the changes in Alpha 9 are Exstensive.they have changed the H,U,D in game.they have made it alot harder to kill zombies.I was tired when writeing this rieviw. and will finnish it later :PP.S IT WORKS A HELL OF A LOT BETTER WITH THE NEW MAP SYSTEM. WILL RUN ON 32BIT Computers A LOT BETTER, witch is a MASSIVE +.THE DEVS ARE AWESOME and will LISTEN TO THERE Paying coustomers.MAPS SO HUGE YOU WILL NEED A CAR. :P"
,Recommended,251570,10722086,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OneShot_Blaze,It's an awesome game which combines pvp with zombies and awesome base creating which is why it is so good i can't wait for further updates because it will just get better and better 11/10
,Recommended,251570,14289672,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rev ☣MrTang0,well it seems the devs have done a lot of work on this game not sure on the hackers as ive not played on a public server yetthe zombies are hard and dont just strole upto you and randomly hitlove the real world pysicsguns are good to and work wellhate the health system where when you die you lose 10 points of health so you have 90 instead of 100im on 50 the lowest its goes and you die easyly
76561198062602408,Recommended,251570,11585190,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,The Hammer,"Journal of the Damned=======================================================================================Day 1- I collected stuff and looked for a place to call homeDay 2- I found a place in a lake and dug underwater to discouver i was god...i had no need to breath i could just float thereDay 3- I made tnt and blasted my way to the underground...I touched a wall and glitched my way up to the surface of the lake.My godly powers were unlocking in front of meDay 4- I recently found a way to shove zombies into a wall...I started collecting them as pets, i loved them and they loved meDay 5- StuffDay 6- ThangzDay 7- Game too good decided to kill myself=========================================================================11/10 would collect zambie soul mates again"
76561198081252043,Recommended,251570,11928719,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Heckerman,G
,Recommended,251570,11777118,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Solvi,"Absolutely great game to play with friends or alone. There is tons of stuff to do that can keep you playing for hours. The game is constantly being updated so there will most likely be new content for you to play as the game progresses. Sure it can be derpy at times, especially those deer... But thats part of what makes the game awesome."
76561198124902033,Recommended,251570,11383875,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Miriandra,Love this game. I just wish the mac version was a little more smooth. As long as you aren't near any dense forest or prebuilt buildings the game seems to run fine.
76561198176065183,Recommended,251570,15821727,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,haydodoig,geat soper cool
,Recommended,251570,14961051,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Welshwonder,"This game has gotten better and better on every update, can't wait for alpha 11."
,Recommended,251570,13504895,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kirk Steele,"This game has come a long ways from its original early access. It started with zombie survival in its very basic form. Make a base, kill zombies, repeat.It has evolved into one of the best zombie survival games that I have ever played. It now includes diseases and ailments. You must survive off the land and build a base to protect. Beware of living in the city. Don't make too much noise or you will atract a horde.If you like Rust, Minecraft and Dayz, this is the perfect combination of them all."
76561198114584785,Recommended,251570,25825732,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Moldytoenail,Fun co-op game or to play alone a few minor glitchs but it's an alpha I think it's a great game
,Not Recommended,251570,25119545,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DaCoopz,My mummy bought me this!I can say that mummy has now bought me trash!0/10 mummy hates me!
,Recommended,251570,22848368,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,miseryzero,one of the best crafting zombie games around crafting is easy and enjoyable. game is as hard or easy as you want it to be  base creation is funpros.1. zombie hoard every 7 days2. crafting is easy to do but supply not overly abundant3. base creation endless4. skill/level up is good and fair5. the hunger/thirst system getting beeter with each updatecons.1. still alpha2. zombie dogs-hate them3. minor bugs+ they are in alpha so what do you expectover all i would and do recomend this game to any and all who like zombie sandbox gamesit is like skyrim with golden rod tea!
,Recommended,251570,22854158,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Rook,"One of the more playable ""early access"" games on Steam. Even though the game is still in its alpha stages, it provides hours of play building, defending, surviving, and repairing.  Even when you have the ultimate defense built, you still aren't 100% safe.  Don't like sitting and waiting? You can go after the locals and try to keep them from going feral when night falls - heat and activity attract them from miles around.  If you manage to survive until the ""7th day hordes"" show up, you've got a fight on your hands no matter how well you planned.  Loads of fun and thrills by the minute."
76561198160416680,Recommended,251570,23429131,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Raistlin,"This game is for sure giving me my moneys worth, havent had this much fun in a long time and its not even finished yet so more features will be coming lol."
76561198152696133,Recommended,251570,26339173,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DylieX,"Let me tell you something Devs, this is probably one of my favorite games of all time. LITERALLY My Grandmother has over 700Hours on this game, I mean ITS AMAZING. and all it took was showing her the game back in like alpha 7 i think? It was about 2-3 yrs ago and she said she didnt like it, but after the next update i bought it for her and lied and said it was on sale for like 2 dollars. so she played. ALOT but her computer can barely play it but she still loves it, all i have to say is thanks for making a game that anyone can play and still have fun.Sincerly,a Survivor"
76561198089799246,Recommended,251570,23840452,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sac_Tapper,"Awesome game! Have heard lots of great things about this game from my roomate. After watching some youtube videos of others peoples game play, I decided to get it. Not to mention it was on sale for 7.99, total steal. The first two days of having the game I logged around 30 hours of gameplay, so lets just say that this game is ADDICTING. There is countless things to do while you prepare for the zombie hordes every 7 days. I love the attention to detail that has been put into just about everything, and it excites me to think the game is still only in its Alpha. The possibilites of where this game can go are limitless, and I can't wait to see what else they have in store.Stongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys crafting/survival games."
76561198094029672,Recommended,251570,26146876,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,That One Guy,"I'll try to cover this review from a potentially new player's perspective.7 Days to Die is a game about exploring, scavenging, crafting, building, and fighting zombies (and possibly players).Currently, this is an open world game with no main objectives or ways to ""win"" the game. There are, however, side quests/objectives that can be fulfilled for gaining ""skill points"".Skill points are awarded from leveling up in the game, or from completing objectives. These points can be spent to improve the players passive abilities in the game. For example, increasing Archery would allow the player to deal more damage to targets via bows.A main feature about this game is that at 22:00 on every 7th Day, a zombie horde spawns nearby the player, and knowing where the player is, will continuously hound the player until 6:00 the following day. Hordes become progressively harder as time lingers on.Combat can be difficult early on in the game, but after one progresses, combat can become very easy (Something that I believe needs balancing).A few tips I'd give to new players are:1) Avoid jumping from heights higher than 5 blocks, lest you sprain or break your leg.2) Don't feed the bears. Especially not the zombie bears. They're only hungry for you. If you're not sure what a zombie bear is, you'll know the difference as soon as you see one.3) You're not safe in or across water. Zombies move underwater like Barbossa's cursed crew from PotC.4) Learn what an Air Filter Land Mine looks like.5) Building a pillar into the air to avoid a zombie isn't effective, because unlike Minecraft, gravity is (somewhat) existent in 7 Days to Die.6) Headshots deal much more damage to zombies than bodyshots.7) Maybe play around in creative mode first, just to see what different weapons are like, or what the different building block strengths are. Or, if you want to see how many explosive gas barrels it'd potentially take to blow up a building, you could do that too.The game is resource intensive on one's computer. 6GB of free RAM is recommended, meaning if your PC has 8GB RAM installed, consider closing out other programs before running 7 Days to Die.I believe that this game has come a long way in development, but it still has quite a ways to go. There's still a few more bugs to squash, balancing changes that need to be made, and content that should be added. I'm almost certain that it'll reach completion... someday (we all know it's been a while already).Currently, I'd rate the game at 8/10, though this could be slightly generous.I think the game is worth its price."
76561198116717619,Recommended,251570,23502910,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ethan,thisgame is better than black ops 3 with four bars of internet
,Recommended,251570,30291552,Posted: 3 March,all,iron,"Play multiplayer with a friend or two (the best expirience). Single player is meh.Weather surival is well developed but with some minor flaws.Regular updates and you can follow developers on livestreams/forums/youtube.High difficulty and learning curve in the beginning although after implementing starting quests, the game became much more approachable.Gameplay is well made but at the endgame there is nothing to do.Navezgane (defult map) is too small once you get a decent minibike.Randomgen is horrible. Don't even try, but size is great.Minibike is life.Sniper rifle is life but producing bullets is expensive.Farming is great :D"
,Recommended,251570,31051054,Posted: 9 April,all,DominiceGaming,umm anybody play valmod anymore im looking for people to play on
,Recommended,251570,12499345,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DonBeshire,"Ok lived in a attic made some noise while a horde was walkin past now the house is gone. Ran for my life now i live like a dwarf whith many escape routes and crafting lots of ammo just incaseThis game is good. like the fact you can change diffuclty have cheat mode on random gen maps. Diffrent zombies some rather annoying espacilly the cop ones hate them things.The building element is good espically as you have to take into acount the blocks load if you dont it collapses. Mining is a bit tedious but thats mining you want plenty of lead for bullets easyest way is to mine hard way is to scavange your choice. The choice is the main thing I like. You can find the items you need eg food, ammo, water. Or you can set up a house with a farm a mine and a waterin hole. Move or fortify each way has good points and bad.Playing with freinds is good but can lag if the person internet or computer is not great. Ive only come across a few bugs like my backpack disapearing after death when backpack drop is on or dogs climing the side of a building ( rather annoying but funny) and the farming mechanics a bit broken at the moment but will be repaired."
76561198111902910,Recommended,251570,31125414,Posted: 13 April,all,Malici0us,"Great game, some bugs, please fix the achievements."
76561198052324563,Recommended,251570,11973439,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,InfamousGr33k,Great game with a lot of potential. Cannot wait to see what more is to come.
76561198069866870,Recommended,251570,11956189,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Tom,"I play this with a few friends, and despite being in Alpha it's by far one of the most fun games we've played together, and it's only getting better and better.It's very much still in development, with a very active and responsive dev team. Over the few months I've owned and played this game it's already come on in leaps and bounds and I'm really enthusiastic about what it's going to turn into over the next few months.If you have played Minecraft (or even like the idea but hate the graphics) then definitely give this a go. It's not minecraft, at all, but it's grown from the same roots. If you're a fan of Fallout and open world games in general, then give it a go! It's even got a healthy dose of FPS shooter style action, you can protect your more engineering-minded friends from zombie hordes.The crafting system is very familiar to an old Minecraft player, but differs in many ways and there are already a large number of recipes to craft. Almost every item/block/plant in the game can be used for something, and already you can 'live' in the world in different ways - roving scavenger living off canned goods, survivalist farmer growing crops, hunter (deer, pig and rabbit) or even nawing on the rotten flesh of a zombie dog (not recomended).The debuff system is a agreat additon to the mix, you can become infected, bleed out, get sickness and even diarrhea which all needs various types of medical treatment (which you can scavenge or craft). It's now even possible to sprain or break your leg, making it increasingly difficult to survive!At this stage (Alpha 9.1) there's still a lot of balancing going on, and there's a lot more needed. There isn't a huge amount of features yet (though enough to make the purchase price well worth it), and after a week or so me and my friends 'ran out' of things to do, but we just leave it for a couple of weeks and come back fresh and it's great again.It's clear to see what direction the game is going in - a very good one - and reading the list of what is going to be added in future updates (cars, NPC survivors, radiant missions, livestock, upgraded zombie animations etc.)...I can't wait!In short, good fun, survival, looting, FPS, voxel mining-building game in an open world which is best enjoyed with friends on a dedicated server."
76561198183382702,Recommended,251570,24408109,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cony Mac,Very good game ! I love it !
,Recommended,251570,14450437,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,neon_cacti,"After a while the game either got Optimized or it was my recent Hardware/Software upgrade that fixed it. Anyways the game finally worked without crashing. Until it worked I played Unturned. I was really hyped up about the game and I can say the game lived up to the Hype. The pretty in-depth crafting system allows for complicated but intuitive crafting. Being early-access you might think it doesn't have much content but I think it is still a good deal buying it 50% off.(I never buy games at more than 5€ and this was an exception and risk I was willing to take). I would suggest not to read guides as it will ruin the fun. Trust me. After dying 10 times you will start understanding stuff on your own. The game offers both a pre-defined map and a randomly generated one. It also includes various zombies behaviours such as flocking and migrations. It will probably keep you entertained for a while, especially if you like this kind of games.>I'd give it a 9/10>Pros: Random world generation, high amount of loot, challenging and requires you to study and learn the game and how it works before being good at it, various zombie AI features, in-depth crafting, successful Early Access game done right.>Cons: Smaller bugs, planes dropping packages at the edge of the map, loot doesn't respawn(you keep what you get), perhaps a smaller price tag would fit more appropriately.If you prefer reading a guide, here's mine(explains the zombie AI and includes tips for begginers):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=384535994"
,Recommended,251570,13818911,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Max,"You may be wondering if 7 days to die is worth the $25 dollars you are about to spendwell yes and no.When you buy this game to not expect a beautiful game where you live off the land build an amazing house and go full out walking dead.You are going to die a lot and I mean a lot, it happens and at first you are going to have no idea what you are doing but like any game you will eventually learn. Its also going to be very buggy so if you aren't willing to have game breaking glitches, wait. It is very glitchy and doesn't look all that well. This game REALLY has a long way to go.but with all that its still a good game and you will still probably enjoy yourself why playing.It is much better with friends.Its like a rust + minecraft mix and I like where this game could go so I'm happy to have supported it even though it isn't the best in its current state."
76561197986222333,Recommended,251570,12801727,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NamaGama,"7 days to die is an incredible game, this is what many zombie lovers wanted in a game, crafting, tower defense, gardening and still more to come. Well worth the money to buy in alpha build. Buy this gem and enjoy all the various ways to play the game."
76561198045968789,Recommended,251570,29348774,Posted: 18 January,all,Defensive General,If this was a lasagna it would be a good one. 2.8 juniper berries/7.4 mcdoubles
76561197979999790,Recommended,251570,8149221,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dr. Dastardly,"This game does not suck. I anticipate it will continue to un-suck, perhaps to greater and greater degrees, as development continues.Update: October 2015It didn't suck then, it sucks a lot less now. From that first week this game has come a long way. At no point have I regretted my purchase, and I love the direction the game appears to be heading. Good on the Fun Pimps."
76561198110136652,Recommended,251570,8265065,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,geniegrl,Honestly one of the best games I have p[ayed in a long long time its like Minecraft but even better
76561198028909433,Recommended,251570,13795020,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Corthmic,"Created first world, spawned in snowy forest, found a gas station, smashed the door in, and searched it.Seconds later got gang banged by lumberjacks.10/10 would do again."
,Recommended,251570,31775358,Posted: 15 May,all,bradleysteele2003,Dev team: Your updates come out less and less frequently. What's up? Let your loyal customers know if you've decided to srap the project and let it remain as an alpha only. It's the least you could do.
,Recommended,251570,11124053,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheKyle,"Let me start off by saying this: 7 Days to Die is an amazing zombie/mining game that is very enjoyable.On the other hand, there are a few problems with it including:-It's not optimized AT ALL. (I can run Minecraft and Skyrim at highest settings with 60 FPS and can barely run this on lowest)-The water is very ugly, it doesn't have a movement animation and can turn invisible when placed using a bucket. (I want to make a hot tub people!)-The textures make it hard to tell what block you are mining while underground.-The game's sounds aren't very flattering.-Zombies sometimes break down a wall instead of going through the open doorway next to them.-Multiplayer is somewhat bad and tends to lag at the times that matter most. (Such as a horde attacking your cabin in the middle of the night)-More that are minor complaints that I won't care to tell.Now, I believe that all of these bugs/problems will be fixed in future updates. I personally can look past the majority of them.Good things about the game:-The day/night cycle that affects the zombies is very interesting.-The game treats you like a ♥♥♥♥♥. What I mean by this is that it doesn't tell you everything about how to play the game like you're a ten year old with down syndrome. I love that it lets you discover things on your own.-There is an actual challenge, you can't run into the game and expect to kill every zombie and be invincible.-The crafting is amazing.-Physics make building much more exciting.-The current map has very interesting locales including a factory, two large towns, a school, and military bases.-Waaaaaay more aspects that I will not list.Recommendation:7 Days to Die is an amazing game that is for anyone that likes survival, mining, zombie, or simulation games. The current state of the game is playable, but I would not recommend it to anyone that cannot tolerate or look past the flaws that 7 Days to Die has.8/10"
,Recommended,251570,8224221,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kwik-E-Mart,"It's still in development, but this game is very good already. Frightening Zombies when you are just trying to survive combine with Minecraft like crafting system. Baracade a house... or build a fortress because the zombies will smash right through your pathetic boarded up door. Craft tnt, dig tunnels deep under the earth, but most of all... when you are shooting at zombies from a top your invincible hovel, don't fall off!"
,Recommended,251570,22810213,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jadeia,Hell Yes.
76561198120623729,Recommended,251570,29683684,Posted: 3 February,all,memphislandis,This game is very fun but way to hard. I have died so many time after the first day which I put it at half an hour and then died because there was nowere to build a house or I could not find a house. The 10 wellness gone after you died is so BS that sometimes I dont want to play in fear of dieing. I hope you put in that when you die it only takes 5 wellness. It is a fun and exciting game once you get set up but before that it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198061396466,Recommended,251570,14203709,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,StarDough,Ate moldy bread which gave me food poisoning. Drank dirty water and got diarreah. 10/10
76561198153095079,Recommended,251570,16943395,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,NSqUaReD,awesome
76561198082283956,Recommended,251570,16571032,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TreydawgKleanPee,"This game is alright. I hate how buggy it is though. And the combat is just some of the worst I would have exspected. It's almost un-playable sometimes. The crafting takes forever. For a minecraft clone with a zombie twist, its alright. Sadly, Im not too impressed. I think with alittle more work it could be awsome, but as it is, I can't get over the price I had paid to be playing it. Meh."
76561198067407622,Recommended,251570,16945538,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gorgamesh,"7DaysToDie is like a puppy. It is small and cute, but it is still wobbely and shakey. but just like a puppy it will grow up into something great."
,Recommended,251570,16427178,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,dooglet,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing, buy it now"
76561197993302072,Recommended,251570,13993277,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sloot,Excellent game - the only major problem is noobs getting butthurt when good players (like myself) get a hold the equipment and skills to raid their bases. Constant complaints by noobs lead to unwarranted bans and accusations of hacking.Everything else is awesome: 9/10
76561198137066244,Recommended,251570,26120852,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,casmith,"Game runs great on my 2012 iMac with OS Sierra, 16 GB memory and 2048 MB NVIDIA GeoForce GTX. Fantastic drama that can be terrifying at night. I love horror of all kinds, but this one gave me a nightmare after a late evening session. Worth it. I have the game options turned down to max (with graphics on high) but the game is still very challenging. By the seventh night you better have a great shelter. I was on the second floor in a motel room and they nearly destroyed the lower walls and floor. At moments like these, you might want to turn the sound down. Finding water is very important. Water bottle loot is rare. You will never make it to the seventh day without access to a lake."
,Recommended,251570,13876003,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cyntax Error,"Ever wanted to build a Zomie Survival Fort complete with guns and ammo and food and water and medical supplies?  Well in 7 Days to Die, you can!  Not only can you do all that stuff, but you can do it with your best friends!  Wow!  And not only that, but it's voxel, so it's all destructible!  Wow!  But not just that, it's fairly graphically pleasing for a voxel world!  Wow!  And not only that, the devs are solid!  Wow!  What more could one ask from Zombie Survivalcraft?"
,Recommended,251570,13760113,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HazeZer0ed,"as of jan 1 2015, this game is in my opinion a 9/10 (would def recommend to a friend)For those who like DayZ, they will LOVE this game. Not because of the PVP but because of the actual survival aspect of the game. You need to constantly keep your character fed and hydrated which always keeps you busy and scavanging as well as exploring comes in handy and is very rewarding with enough practice. Every life is a lesson and you constantly stay busy with tasks from mining, looting, scavanging, herbalism, scouting, crafting, fortifying, running, and even smelting/cooking all kinds of crazy stuff. the crafting system is a bit different but easy to get used to, and the inventory is plain and simple. Playing alone does'nt seem like it'd be all that fun though. I play with a 3-9 player group and we have a friken BLAST! even when just in a server with only us becauase of the plain fact that ZOMBIES ARE A THREAT!.... unlike dayz, zombies break into ur home and are fairly hard to kill, especially when there are 20 trying to fit through your door! OHHH, i forgot to mention that the entire map is destructible, litterally a more realistic minecraft with more rewarding features and lots more potential gameplay in the adventure/survival sense! Absolutely love this game."
76561198052356668,Recommended,251570,13944454,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,karxarinis,"If u like vortex-like games like minecraft you will like this game too. You spawn in a world full of zombies and you carry very inferior items with you. Then you have to search for items that  will help you survive. Like food , tools like a pickaxe , metal scraps and wood. You first craft starter tools that you use to chop down trees and mine rocks or dig  a mine (like minecraft). You spawn at 8 in the morning and you have 12-13 hours to get ready for the night. In the mornig zombies are dangerous but are very slow and you can escape them easily (except of dogs that run fast and are very dangerous even at daylight). However when it gets dark zombies go in a frenzied / god mode. They run faster than you and have a good damage too. They will also hunt you in the buildings or they will start digging until they reach you (if you are underground).  So you have to find a safe place in the night that you can guard. In every ingame day that pass more zombies come in the map and you will often hear schools of zombies walking. So everyday the game gets harder (but you will also have more tools to use). When some days pass the houses and other buildings do not offer enough protections as zombies will break the walls and the they will kill you. So you have to build your own fort. To build the fort you must have advanced materials etc. This game is sanbox that means that the player makes the rules. There is not a clear objective other than survive. When you die you drop everything (there are other options too in settings) in a bag, that stays in the place you died forever (unless another player pick it up ofc).things i likedThis game takes the best parts of minecraft and makes them much better. You find items and you build buildings etc but with much better graphics and zombies  is a real threat with a typical AIIt is sandbox but it does not luck objectives. Player sets the next mission for himself (find X material or weapon)Use your imagination to make a nice fort. Place traps around it and make it tough. Its hard to find 2 same designs.things i didnt likedToo many bugs. Yes its an alpha and blah blah but it is not for free. It is at steam for sale.I bought it mainly because I like play games in an online world. However I didnt enjoy multiplayer at all.Why?Random low fps. As you run in the world your dps drops at 1-3 fps even at lowest video configuration. (my pc plays bf4 at good settings)bad configurations at servers! Most servers take only pvp in account. The zombies are almost non existent and for sure not threatening even at the middle of the night"
76561198028099354,Recommended,251570,14047100,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Iggy,I feel like it is minecraft meets dayz.  Even if you do not like either of those games I would still recommend that you check this game out as it is extreemly fun even with all the bugs (it is in alpha so that is to be expected) and I personaly have not talked to anyone that did not enjoy 7 days to die.
,Recommended,251570,13710870,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fenixer02,Minecraft+DayZ but get bored easily unless you play in MP. Watch out for Dog Zombie!
76561197972745567,Recommended,251570,13912498,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,XercesBlue,"I LOVE this game. A little historyHosted my own server on my own computer for a few months for friends. Now have a server hosted with BlueFangSolutions. I have been playing since Alpha 6 and this game has evolved in an overwhelmingly positive direction. I have done everything in this game a hundred times and still want more. I have also played on hosted servers but I enjoyed having more control over my own game while still allowing my friends to join in.The developers are the most enthusiastic team I've ever seen. They love releasing patches and features and seem genuinely excited when they do, which is constant. About every 2 weeks or less they release something new. They even pushed through an update right before Christmas and immediately returned from break with plans and release agendas.About the game:LOTS of things to do. Build bases in many different shapes and forms. Can make them defensable. Random hordes will spawn depending on location and base.Lots of different weapon typesCan craft many items and they are constantly adding more (Food, weapons etc) You even have to make glass and boil water to get drinkable water.They have a prebuilt map but you can also have a random gen map which is pretty much endless. You can't stray too far from your base though unless you find protection because depending on your settings zombies can run at night and♥♥♥♥♥♥your skullLots of different enemy types plus hunting animals for their resources (meat, fat, skin and bones)Can break down almost everything into something usefulYou do encounter the occasional bug but in my experience they have been quick to fixCould use more recipes for items you find in the game (Like the miners helmet)I would love to see better mod support, making it easier to add things to your servers like custom recipesBugginess in building needs to be fixed. When I build towers and such at certain heights the floors/ceilings have to be double layered otherwise the (what should be stable) floors collapse.If you like survival crafting games this is the best one I've played. I own others but I keep coming back to this one. Rust and Dayz are pretty much unplayable compared to this game."
,Recommended,251570,13312369,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Nozypantz,Yep... Its pancakes and waffles in one dinner... Buy now
,Recommended,251570,13231100,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Richard,"Good game play. While I must say that it is still in early developmental stages, quite a few ""annoyances"" still exist such as players being able to duplicate items, quite a few methods for ""hackers"" to enable Creative Mode are available, and it's almost not shocking to find a regular player ""no-clipping"" around from time-to-time. But getting past these bugs and exploits, the game itself is taking on a good direction and the developmental team seems to be hard at work releasing patch after patch to fix known bugs. The only thing I wish they would focus on after this bugs, is the fact of optimizing the game. Video settings are very minimal, and even with a powerful PC; you may experience frame drops on a regular basis.On the server management side, setting up a dedicated server is relatively easy to do. However the ""modification"" aspect of your dedicated server will remain very limited for the time being as most of the files are compiled .dll files. While I can understand this on the client-side, it makes it very difficult to write any new add-ons for your server as far as server-side action is concerned. Alloc who is also on the 7DTD team, has written a few add-ons which I would recommend you pick up, including the ""Alloc's Mod"". It includes a lot of additional features that you can execute via the in-game console once you are in debug mode that assist with managing players which includes viewing player inventory, an unban function, a better teleporting feature, and a lot of other great assets.I think it would be unfair to give the game a rating due to it being in developmental stages, so I'd just recommend everyone pick up a copy and try it out. Definitely not a ""waste"" of money, and will be a lot better once the above things are worked out.Regards,RichardYouTube: IAMRichardT"
,Recommended,251570,17134420,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,Got chased by a dog and bee♥♥♥♥♥♥pants when a running zombie came at me 10/10 would do again
76561198022230345,Recommended,251570,13534877,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PhantomWolf,"This is the game I thought I was getting when I bought Rust!-Robust crafting.  Minecraftesque actually.  If you want to tunnel underground and build a complex, you can.-Zombies everywhere.  Not just the barking bears from Rust..-Great selection of weapons.-Randomly generated worlds!-Private servers allow you to tweak difficulty and play the game you want to play.-Creepy atmosphere.  My first night in the game alone was speant cowering in a dark house praying not to be eaten whilst zombies shuffled in the dark around me.Downside-Had some issues with bugs.  Some clipping and zombies spawning in lame places.  Nothing gamebreaking and maybe fixed by now. (Haven't played it in three months or so)I wish I had more friends that were into this sort of game as it could really be a blast with three or four people."
76561198035686887,Recommended,251570,13947481,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Wizard Of The West,A very fun game to play alone or with a friend. This game will keep you on your feet and vigilant for zombies or players if I had to compair it to anything it would be a more polished dayZ (Stand alone) Its truely a fun game and one of the best zombies survival games I have ever played.
,Recommended,251570,13732964,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,<D34DM4N> Red Wolf,10/10
,Recommended,251570,13950595,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Catherine,"I love this game.  It's like Minecraft on crack complete with zombie dogs and giant hornets.  What I love about this game the most is that the developers are on point as far progressing, changing things, and trying to see what works.  There are other games I've played on Steam where I felt awful for having purchased the atrocities because the developers just weren't equipped to do what they set out to do or gave up halfway through.  7 Days to Die is constantly progressing and I appreciate that a whole heck of a lot!  Yeah, the game can be challenging, but it's a good challenging.  Also, while this game is very entertaining solo, it's better to play with someone.  However, solo play can be just as rewarding and I would recommend it to anyone interested in fighting grotesque looking zombies on top of trying to survive and rebuild a world in chaos.  Also.....watch out for the puking cop....that shiz is cray!"
,Recommended,251570,16587490,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AmericaMe,"Here's how your day goes in game.First time playing and joining server.Day 56, 2:34 pm.K, gotta get some supplies and make camp for night since there is not much time left.Find an abandoned town. Excellent! I am in luck tonight!7:00 pm, players start saying 'good luck tonight' and 'may the strongest survive'wtf is going on? Do math.... Day 56 is a 7th night.... f*%#k....Hide in attic, doing well. No sign of feral zombie hord in my area as I watch players dieSee a pack.. I am not prepared. They start attacking the house, I'm shaking, screaming out loudFending them off as they try to climb up ladderCrazy hornet breaks through the attic and kills me7/7 would cower in attic again"
76561198150849575,Recommended,251570,13505990,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,-LGND- Man1ac,Good game but not well optimized and i get a bit of lag.
76561197972698488,Recommended,251570,13921684,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[ST]Silver_Knight,"Christ just buy this game. Warning any social or personal responsibilities you had, won't be getting done.11/10"
,Recommended,251570,17140440,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,LawnZ0mbie,"This game is awsome. Who wouldn't want to spend hours gathering resources and killing zombies. The best part? The're adding more and more with each update. Buy this game, it's worth it."
76561198076618515,Recommended,251570,13909474,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Rainforger,"Quite addictive Its like a mix between Minecraft and rust. (Rust Graphics + Animation, Minecrafts Build/Craft/Gather system)"
,Recommended,251570,27363166,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,marnamai,"7D2D is life, 7D2D is love!+2600 hours and still going strong."
,Recommended,251570,10631340,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,lemec,"Brutally difficult, extremely unforgiving yet fair.- Even though it's early access, it feels quite complete.- Maybe a few glitches here and there, but manageable.- Nights are brutal, base defense is very tense.- Probably best played with as many friends as possible to get larger projects done in the available daylight.- Expect to fail miserably, to restart your server over due to you learning something about the game and wanting to try over again with the new knowledge many times over.- Been playing it for 17 hours already and I still feel like I've a long way to go on it."
76561198006384532,Recommended,251570,24641816,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jambon,"Good game, worth the price, fun and addictive."
76561198306894158,Recommended,251570,24644013,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Parzifal,really good game highly recomend it if you like survival and zombies
76561198133105480,Recommended,251570,23820367,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Terrible Titan,- Me and my friends spend 7 nights building a base on top of a bank- survived a horde of zombies by amassing spikes- celebrate by having a toast and eating cat food11/10 would eat Meow Chow again
,Recommended,251570,25943318,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jo,"This game has the most bang I ever got for my bucks. Bought it 2 years ago, spent a few hundred hours on it (back then it was mostly minecraft with zombies) and put it away. Since then they've been making it a new game every half year or so, ""forcing"" me to spend another few hundred hours on it. By now, the game is a very complete experience: It's immersive, forcing you to be creative on a fun difficulty level (making it hard but not impossible once you know what you're doing), has tons of things to do even in single player, is beautiful graphics wise (at least for a ""minecraft-game"") and it's even starting to get story elements.There's a lot of criticism going around, for the devs being ""slow"" and the game still being in alpha after three years. Consider this: Yes, you have to wait a long time for every new alpha. Every new alpha is a whole new game experience though, basically giving you a new game for free. Considering all/most of the other alphas out there, which usually get released into beta/release status long before the game is even working right, just because the time frame or the project is reached - I'd much rather haver the devs take their time and fulfill the promises they've made, no matter how long it takes. And accompany them on the road they're taking, always being surprised at how nice they're coming along.Paying ~20$ for it, I got like 5 or 6 games out of it already. And I'm not talking starting 5 new single player games, I'm talking 5 totally brand new gaming experiences. I honestly don't know if I even want the game to go out of alpha status - I'd be missing the look at my library, hoping for a new update which will give me a new game for free.So - if you want a 100% polished and release ready game, with a story experience like DS or TES, don't buy this yet. Wait a few more years, until they're far enough along the road to release it. If you want a fun and immersive survival crafting game, which by now is pretty far along the road and has dlc worthy content improvements for free every half year or so, definetly buy this. It's one of the (few) games I'll never regret spending the full price on."
76561198338048990,Recommended,251570,30342407,Posted: 5 March,all,Windows 2000,fun
,Recommended,251570,12864321,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bailey g,Overall 9/10 game
76561197987284346,Recommended,251570,14362854,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Killjoy69,"Awesome game, rented my own server we play steady with 3 - 5 people.  The skirmishes with the zombies are downright epic.  I have screenshots of bodies of zombies piled ontop of one another, and low on health, just to squeak out of a apartment building with our days loot.  Defending the home base on day 7 is so intense and so much fun!  Stop reading start buying!"
76561198155570675,Recommended,251570,17377646,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,King_Manny,"Great game, I guess I'm considered a casual but I do enjoy the challenging aspect. I have noticed some people not agreeing with the recent update and I can see why. New updates equals new hotfixes which can be annoying and alpha 12 is brutal with the new dog hordes and such. I for one enjoy the feeling of combating the desperation and even though it's not appealing to some, challenges are wonderful and this game is full of one. One thing I would like to note is as much as people ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about the devs they seem to know what they want from their game, and I do appreciate that they're still here with us. The whole pre-order overload was a bit nuts and the fact that these updates are still flowing shows to me they aren't just cash grabbing. I've enjoyed the experience and will gladly stick around to see where it goes. Let there be development!"
76561197990046450,Recommended,251570,17470716,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,BlackFoxMisogynist,It's fun; what more do you want?
76561198005620134,Recommended,251570,13551448,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bluewolf,"Finally a survival game worth playing... Alpha? Yup the game still has a lot of potential as well.Survival games seem to be popping up everywhere. This one has a great crafting system, runs fairly smooth and the graphics arn't ancient.You are placed in an environment in which you can set the degree of difficulty with regards to loot amount and respawn time and zombie difficulty. This game takes the best concepts from a few games and combines them all in to one. The perfect survival game which allows you search for items needed to craft your way to surviving a zombie apocalypse. One of the things I enjoyed is the fact that you do not have to guess what items you need to craft items, you just have to find the correct ones.The basic concepts are there and a good start to the game. Bugs are fixed fairly quickly when new content is added.This is an update to my previous review. With the recent update and plans to add bandits to the game I believe this will be a perfectly polished game. All you need to do now is turn out the lights put on your headphones and begin to try and survive."
76561198089041824,Recommended,251570,25357744,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,smug me amadeus,the best of all the zambie survival games out there
,Recommended,251570,8668300,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rakons,"Dear Player that caved my building in from digging below it....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Recommended,251570,15196669,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Spacecrap,"Wanna play a survival game against strong enemies?When i bought this game, it's like 7months ago i think. I played 120 hours in a week. I forgot eat,sleep, even go toilet in real life with this game. You will get bored on some level that's sure. But it'll worth the money untill you get bored.I get bored when i played 270 hours, and then i stopt playing for a week,and then boom again! its a f***ing trap right? I was playing this game with out of my own controll. Oh, also there was a patch which makes game much realistic than before.I persistently advice this game for RPG/survival game fans."
,Recommended,251570,13799524,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ter0revil,Maxed out of the features of my character! Now i look like one of the mutants from The Hills Have Eyes...  10/10 Would Pretend to♥♥♥♥♥♥my victims again!
,Recommended,251570,11779152,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Falselight,10 out of f**king 10
,Recommended,251570,11748505,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Spooky SuhSpence,"Holy hell, this game is amazing! I don't care if it's just in Alpha, it might just be the best game you can buy that's in the Alpha or Early Acces stages. The game looks beautiful, even on the lowest settings it's nice to look at, the items are cool, from the Stone Axe all the way to a Fire Axe or a Pickaxe, the buildings are well designed and I love the gravitational elements this game has and the Zombies are a force to be reckoned with. Very few problems with the game at it's current stage ( Alpha 9). As I said, the Zombies are incredibly difficult in large numbers ,especially at night, but the Dogs are a little bit overpowered. I understand the game is supposed to be a realistic Minecraft-Zombie Horde-Suvival type game, but certainly they can be nerfed to be a bit slower. The Zombies in general also shouldn't be able to break blocks as easy as they can. Maybe if you change worlds, you can keep recipes you have found and they cross over to every world on you're account. You should be able to craft at least 2 types of armors without having to find the recipes for them. A craftable map or compass would be a nice addition so you can set a maker on the map and with you're compass you can find your way there. There isn't really too much to complain about the game, I just went into detail a little. Definately worth $25 USD. I can't wait until the game gets extra fetures or the ones I have pleaded for. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,251570,28600995,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✞Ben.Ten✞,Add more guns and I cu-mm myshelf
76561198026543506,Recommended,251570,15244203,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,FaZe_Burnsides,"I bought this game to support what seems to be one of the only game developers who continue to develop their game in the ""Early Access"" stage. These guys are always putting out new updates, and I look forward to what thte game will become in the future, the premise itself seems amazing, I'm just waiting on it to see what it becomes."
76561198128850562,Recommended,251570,24410284,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,jayflax,"its a good game, pretty much minecraft but better graphics you can take it more seriouse, and night times pretty scary if your alone the first couple days suck cause youll die a lot but its a good game, if you into survival crafting, which i am, and theres multiplayer servers"
76561198062071891,Recommended,251570,16371405,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[EK] Artillerist,"Easily the best survival game out there. look up other reviews, im lazy."
,Recommended,251570,29083159,Posted: 7 January,all,Desi Panda ❤,Awesome survival zombie game omfg this game is just epic !!! YOLO
,Recommended,251570,25880163,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,StålFjord,"Zombie Survial done right! Not bad, and keeps getting better with the updates."
76561198071698134,Recommended,251570,30626955,Posted: 19 March,all,osanburg,One of the only Early Access Survival games that isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are still many bugs and performance issues though but the gameplay definitley makes up for them.
,Recommended,251570,11043384,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Leddagger16,"Now remember this game is still in alpha so some of the bugs are still being worked out. To be honest there arent very many bugs with this game. Supprisingly, this game has pretty good graphics so if you can only run the game on minimum settings you are going to have a very laggy time. This game is great when you play with friends but tends to get boring fast when playing by yourself. I recomend it to anyone who likes post apocalyptic survival games. P.S. It is alot better than the trailer makes it look."
,Recommended,251570,10745197,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RollingWithTheTimes,"100+ hours so I thought I would write a little review.This is a must have even though it's still in development! Updates are quite frequently, like zombies? Like crafting? Like getting chased by a blood thirsty dog that's after your meat? (You decide which sort of ""meat""). If the answer is yes then get the game! If the answer is no, then... Still get the game so you can do things like this, I once caught someone trying to steal things from my base, I locked my doors so the individual couldn't escape, they then proceeded to plea with me so that I would let them out as they were dying from starvation and thirst, after a few minutes the individual dropped dead to the floor.Oh and here is a tip, Rule No#1 TRUST NOBODY!!!10/10 would kidnap again!"
76561198250254768,Recommended,251570,25094218,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,林很天真,"Hello, the staff of the game, the Chinese market also has great, why not localization game, as a fan of the game, I sincerely hope to have the Chinese version of seven days, here I wish you work well, healthy body"
76561198073945981,Recommended,251570,18903147,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,DarkOdysseus,"my buddy finally antagonized me enough to buy this game. I was leery at first, having played around 500 hours of Rust and having recently made a couple bad Early Access purchases. By looking at the screenshots the building system looked like minecraft, which turned me off. But I gave in and bought it. I have since enjoyed every minute of my 20 hours playing so far.Pros:.The map is awesome and diverse. You get all the biomes here, dessert, snow, forest, and urban. When you are in the dessert, you feel like you are in the dessert. When you are in the snow, you feel like you are in the snow. You will find tons of pre-built structures littering the landscape, mostly zombie infested, that will score you needed loot or the makings of a base..This is truly sandbox. Everything is destructible, I mean everything. You dont like that wall? Chop it down. Cant get into a building? Build a tunnel underneath it. That tree looking at you wrong? Turn it into sawdust..Building. The possibilities are near endless when it comes to building. The vast array of deployables and block types make your creativity levels spike. You can build the pyramids of Egypt, the eiffel tower, or the more intelligent heavily fortified defensive structure. Another key aspect is the ground manipulation. You could build a massive cave base or try and dig your way to china. Its up to you..Crafting is truly on par. You will need to gather resources of all kinds in order to craft what you want. Everything you come across will have a use, whether you know it or not. Items you pass up because you think you will never need it will become the must have item later in your play time. You will need a furnace to smelt metals, a fireplace to cook your food, and storage boxes to hold your gear..Weapons are diverse. I love the amount of guns, projectiles, and blunt force weapons you can find/build. You will need to collect the necessary gun parts in order to craft a weapon including the blueprint..Multiplayer is obviously an added bonus for me and the reason I purchased this game. But if you arnt into that, play solo.Cons:.It can sometimes get repetitive shooting arrows into a zombies scull while looting houses. Notice the word ""sometimes""..Zombies can be unforgiving. This isnt much of a con in the fact that this is how the game plays. Watch your back and dont make stupid moves. The term self preservation comes to mind..Trees sometimes seem to fall back toward you afting chopping one down causing instant death. My advice is once you chop a tree down back away and watch the direction of the fall..Zombie reach can seem a bit odd. Died multiple times because I thought I had enough distance between me and a zombie. Again, this is probably how the game plays. Dont get near zombies.My conclusion is this game is definitely worth a play for the price."
,Recommended,251570,19094321,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,bmwbaxter,"Very good game, developers are active. Big patches take time but they bug fix monthly. Writing in early access, but it feels like a finished game almost."
,Recommended,251570,22920670,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GARRY,Awesome game. in my top 10.
,Recommended,251570,18851150,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Retarded Lemur | gamekit.com,zombie game for adults. aka not mineshaft
76561198271996576,Recommended,251570,33528124,Posted: 13 July,all,xSuperiorEndx,This game is amazing!! There are lots of things that you could build and fun to explore!! Very get a scary mood when I play this!! Fighting off zombies for survival makes things interesting! There are many things you can build that are very useful!!!
,Recommended,251570,25501600,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RaTilicus,"The best of both worlds+ Minecraft like fully craftable + buildable + destructable world+ Great looking FPSRPG coop zombie infested world+ Runs great on Linux (have been playing+hosting this game exclusively on Ubuntu)The game is still alpha, and occasionally bugs take a bit of time to get fixed,but the dev team works very hard to try to get everything fixed up in a timely manner.If you like FPS and RPG or minecraft or tower defense like strategy the game is definitely a worthwhile buy.  Wish I had bought it earlier.  I strongly recommend this game."
76561197985078684,Recommended,251570,24452538,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,JesterPlayer,Post Apocalyptical Minecraft 2.0 with true nighttime terrorGreat game for Singleplayer or friends
76561198275790894,Recommended,251570,28261026,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dirtyricebisket,good but expensive
,Recommended,251570,16627694,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OfficialBlazy™,"Best friend bought it for me becauase we both love survival open world zombie games.The game is currently in early access but it still needs alot of work to be made in. Upon everything else the crafting system looks amazing from what i've seen. You can craft alot of items if you know where to look and scavenge.If you have friends you should play it with them. I recommend this game and it still has ups and downs.UPDATE!!!Pros :+ Large open world map in MP (but i belive is only 1 map)+ Adjustable single player to start with your desired settings+ Plenty of community servers to explore+ Plenty of items to craft+ Zombies are fast at night+ Hunting animals for food fits nicely+ You can restore your bagpack once you die+ Random Map (UPDATED)+ You Can Build A Motorbike ;)+ Weather Changing System Is Great (UPDATED)+ Falling Trees Is Nicely (UPDATED)+ Running Over A Zombies And Animals With Motorbike (UPDATED)+ New crafting, destroying and splitting items buttons (UPDATED)+ Weather effecting your body such as snow and cold (UPDATED)+ You can purchase skills now everytime you level up (UPDATED)+ New zombies are awsome (UPDATED)+ New voice pack for male and female (UPDATED)+ Autoloot when chopping a tree, minning (UPDATED)+ You can actually destroy a car for parts (UPDATED)+ Every craftable item or tool shows how many numbers of specific ingridient you need (UPDATED)+ You can do quests now in Alpha 14 new patches (UPDATED)+ Quick quest tutorial to get to know the game better (UPDATED)+ STEAM Achievements (UPDATED)Cons :- New controls are clumsy but you can get use to it fast (UPDATED)- Few bugs that needs to be fixed in the future (falling in the grass)- Zombies can climb?- No sleeping- Needs more addons- Renting servers- Getting kicked from out of servers for no reason after all hard work (UPDATED)- Hackers Everywhere- Hard to find friendly servers- Clumsy motorbike controls (UPDATED)- Was hoping for build a car in alpha 13 (UPDATED)I'll keep you up to date once the game develops alot further. But so far i like it without any problems.TY gape for this gift."
76561198089540842,Recommended,251570,18777543,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,It's Vej! =D,"Wonderful from the start! Better than Rust, easily."
,Recommended,251570,18891206,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,now,pretty good gamebut can't change into third person
,Recommended,251570,25199471,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,i want to be hit by a train,Minecraft but good.
,Recommended,251570,24746941,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Face66,"The ultimate Survival Horde crafting game. Insanely fun to play alone and with friends. The PvE experience is enough of a challenge already, and PvP is even more fun. The game in these stages has surprisingly minor issues and the game is improving rapidly. Very fun game and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,251570,30990412,Posted: 6 April,all,Jeret,"In my opinion, one of the best Sandbox Survival Games out there.If they would fix a bit more bugs and polish the gameplay a bit more, it would be a real great Game.At first, if u are a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥, look for an other game, its not that bad, but not even close to state of the art.Pro's:-Big Maps-Building & Crafting (u can spend hundred of hours with and the possiblities are almost infinitely)Con's:-Much Bugs out there, just the minibike has so many bugs that i could write a whole site about it and with each update there will be some more new Bugs-much glitches, u can see through the ground, loot chests through the walls and many more-The Patch cycles...., there are so many bugs they are known for years now and they didnt fix them and the update cycles are getting slower and slower, over a year ago there came alomst all two months a bigger update and now they really need more and more time for small patches-The performance is really bad at some points, there is also a memory leak, which is also already known since atleast A12, which is really anoying-MP is not that great on populated public servers, couse of hackers and bug abuse, the anti cheat is just a joke, belive me, u wont need much time before u will enconter ur first cheater.But there are also some save community servers with password, just take a look on the known serverfinders or look for an active moderated server.-A long... long alpha period, im not even sure if it will be full released any time...o in my opinion, they spend to much time in some useless (painting, wtf?!) new content instead of fixing known bugsBut at the end its still a nice game even with all this cons, i like it.Just give it a try if u like survival, building and defending ur own base from Zombies."
,Recommended,251570,24399239,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dallorian,"When I first read about this game it had couple top bad reviews with people who had over 60+ hours. I read couple reviews and decided not to get it. My buddy caught on to the game and was going to buy it so I decided to buy it also.I can confidently say you should ignore negative reviews sometimes and if the game looks fun to you then get it. I have had a blast playing this with my friends mostly and on my own game save. It is everything I wanted in a zombie game survival, do not get me wrong it has some faults but the core gameplay is amazing. The things the developer have in the works for Alpha 15 gets me even more excited.This game has taken me like when I first played minecraft for hundred of hours. I definately recommend this game for Co Op players. I can not speak for PVP or servers but Co-Op is ton of fun.This was my best steam sale purchase by far."
76561198038526998,Recommended,251570,30896684,Posted: 2 April,all,Illidank Nerdrage,♥♥♥♥ing lumberjacks...
,Recommended,251570,15717508,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,"A splendid survival horror, best played on a dedicated server with friends, or alone.  While the game itself is amazing, it has a large amount of trolls doing nothing but leading packs of zombies to your house before suicide bombing you."
76561198045060160,Recommended,251570,13276742,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Wiki,"Drank dirty water, got diarrhea, Zombies smelt my number two and chased me for ten minutes straight before a fat zombie threw up on and killed me. Game of the Year 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,16001829,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,rbrito84,"Fun survival game with a decent crafting system. I'm not as big a fan of dying often, so I usually play it with the settings lowered, but you are at least given the option of tuning spawn rates and enemy difficulties which I greatly appreciate. For an EA game, it has good polish and is enjoyable as is."
76561197993268550,Recommended,251570,30421433,Posted: 9 March,all,Sharwyn,Awesome game ! my Friends and brother have really enjoyed it .
76561198071775577,Recommended,251570,30522884,Posted: 15 March,all,Scorpion,The six stages of 7D2D....1.Buy it2.Play it3.Hate it4.Curse it5.Revile it6.Adore it
76561198075448829,Recommended,251570,28269758,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Djamrock,Im new to this survival type genre and i think this is a great game!
,Recommended,251570,31412844,Posted: 28 April,all,egac salociN pvpro.com,This is Game is Piles of Fun..but if you don't like survival games i wouldn't play this game as it is very survival based game
76561198228558324,Recommended,251570,25364480,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Rockstar4102,looking for someone to play with on 7 days to die!!!
76561198073009434,Recommended,251570,10806904,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CatInABlender,This game is awesome. Everyone should buy it.
,Recommended,251570,33980091,Posted: 2 August,all,[ZfH]Laviathon16 (Legal Assasin),"I'm a sucker for a survival horror game and I got addicted to this one very quickly. The game has a few faults such as random zombie spawning and some weird crafting set ups, but overall this game is fantastic. I started playing in A.16 so all the issues brought by it I have no idea. All I can say is that the game offers an increasingly challenging base crafting dynamic, resource hunting, all out zombie mow dows (litterally with the blade traps) and enough diversity in approaches that keeps it intersting. I would recommend this to any avid RPG/craft gamer who likes a progressive challenge."
,Recommended,251570,34190518,Posted: 12 August,all,Sorgun V2,It's like Minecraft but for men.
,Recommended,251570,13581165,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Leonin,"Early access absolutely done right,  even after the hiccup hotfix of 10.4 that had alot of people flustered because of a map wipe so soon,  the devs worked late when they shouldve been xmas shopping and saved everyones maps.    The PVP is starting to take off and yes there is abit of a problem with hackers (remember rust?,  they all have been migrating to here).    but check out the official websites forums and you will find plenty of password protected servers to jump in and have fun or a few with a large amount of active moderators etc.   Also the dev team is always constantly giving updates on the forums about the future of the game and taking into consideration what the community would like to see,   early access doesnt get any better then this.With that being said what about the game itself,  600 hours+ of gametime so far and the fun doesnt stop,  ya jump in a few pve servers for a bit figure out the best way to defend yourself against unforgiving hordes of zombies,   once you get comfortable with that,  check out one of the pvp servers,   protect yourself, your stuff etc from unforgiving hordes of zombies and nosey players.   whats not to love about it.    Most servers are modded and basically the sky becomes the limit (literally but the sky limitation is pretty damn high),  but a castle,  build a shack,  build intricate layers of caves,  build whatever you can imagine (look at my screenshots of random 8bit artwork Ive done as an example).   If you love gaming,  you'll love this game."
,Recommended,251570,15756715,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Trump Wall #trump2016,Started GameSpawnedPunched a bush and magically got 3sticksPicked up rockPunched PlantBuilt crude axeHit tree with AxeAxe brokeNo wood for me.Built new axeChopped tree down 7axes laterMade framesWent to townfell 1blockBroke LegZombie Dog chased and killed me10/10 would die again
,Recommended,251570,15754259,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mr.K,Best Early Access out there
76561198191973146,Recommended,251570,25959454,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Recycled-Warhammer,"I am glad alpha 15 came out, and that it is a huge change for the game, for the better"
,Recommended,251570,22073443,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TUBATUX,"This game is the main reason I bought a PC. If there was any sandbox game you would want to divulge your time to, this would take all of it. The looting and construction is great. Easy to play with friends. There are also some great servers that are pretty reliable. The only downfall to this game(Still in Alpha), is that the updates are incredibly slow. If an alpha release date for more updating drops. Expect it to actually come out 1-2 months later. Devs aren't the most motivational group. Definintely can feel the vib in their current Alpha 16 Q&A's. After 450+ hours on this game I still highly recommend it. Think: Minecraft meets Walking Dead.Pros:Great game to play with friends or meet friends through steamGreat sandbox game to construct exactly whatever you wantOpen world, quests, traders, economyGreat mods for the game that should actually be content in the game(Baby zombies, zombie jason, weapons, food Fruit bowls)Cons:Items fall through world.(mini bikes, but if you keep it below lvl 350 your good)Updates are not reliableDevs seem to be losing interest..."
,Recommended,251570,20971511,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Deadstick,"Its like Minecraft meets DayZ. Its Early Access, but still pretty solid. I'm interested to see where they go with it, as there are still a few missing features that would make this a complete game."
76561198105915640,Recommended,251570,19826074,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Trap'N,This is a perfect combination of a Survival game and a crafting game. I love it!
76561198219666547,Recommended,251570,20973016,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,JapandaSam,"Absolutely LOVE this game!! My husand and I play it together almost every singel day and can not get enough!! We are always looking forward to updates and new content that the developers are always creating!! If you love Surivival and Crafting games and Zombies, then you will love this!! ^_^"
,Recommended,251570,24349852,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kildor,"I've been playing this game since it first came out, yes its buggy, but so much gets added and improved over time. It really is quite amazing.It's the minecraft killer for me, for sure."
,Recommended,251570,23340476,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AudieMurphy,"Rust with zombies and destructible terrain.  Got this game to play with the significant other.  All in all, we've been having a blast.There is a fairly steep learning curve right off the bat, with our first few sessions playing like a rogue-like as we puttered about in crafting menus and hit various objects with various things in various ways to see what happened.  But quickly. things fell into place and we started fixing up a place we'd cleared out of zombies - battoning up the windows, fortifying the perimeter.  It worked great for the occasional roaming Zed, and we started stockpiling resources.The nights fell into a predictable pattern of a few zombies scratching at the walls, or doors, and clearing them out as needed.  Traps got the bulk of them, and we'd mop up the few remaining.  It was this complacency that led into Day 7.I was in the attic, looking out over the quiet homestead, when the sun set.  As the Blood Moon rose and the Chaos God laughed, I started seeing figures running on the darkening hillside.   First one, then a handful, then a dozen or more.  As the light faded, I heard them breaking through the traps outside.  Then, they were at the door.  Then, they were inside.Back to the drawing board.  A few play sessions later, we are in good shape.  ...I think.This game is very friendly to session-based coop play, and scratches my crafting survival itch perfectly.  Great atmosphere, in-depth crafting mechanics, and engaging gameplay, with there always being something to do to better your odds of survival.  The zombies are a bit wonky, but nowhere near DayZ levels of bad.  Very playable in its current state.I'd reccommend to anyone who remotely enjoys crafting survival games or open-world post-apocalyptic scavenging."
,Recommended,251570,24127928,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Wolfmaster,"Day 1: Very helpful tutorial taught me how to make pants out of plants. Beat up some zombies with an axe made out of rocks. Found a rural cabin and managed to board it up to make a nice home. Crouched fearfully in the attic when night came.Day 2: Ground floor of my cabin was in shambles thanks to my zombie friends. Chopped up furniture to repair the damage. Looked for water to deal with my thirst but found nothing. Cut down some trees to bolster my makeshift house. Crawled back into the attic, severely dehydrated, when it got dark.Day 3: Drank some water I found off an undead soccer mom. Decided to ditch the cabin and found a big road. Followed it to a town (if you can call three buildings at an intersection a town). Found a bear. Decided to attack bear with a flimsy bow and arrows. Failed miserably. Ran from bear. Holed up in a general store and barricaded the doors. When night came, zombies started to pull apart my new base. Set up my bedroll and campfire on the roof. Got rained on.Day 4: Still surviving on very little water. Got hit by a zombie while looting a bird's nest. Developed an infection. Chased after an airplane and got lost. Found a lakeside cabin and way too many zombies. After clearing them out, filled all my empty jars and headed back to my house. Purified the water and feasted on bacon and eggs to celebrate my discovery.Day 5: Managed to kill an elk, skinned it with a sharpened zombie femur. Got chased by a pack of undead while bringing the meat back to my house. Beat them to death with an iron club. Searched in vain for antibiotics for my worsening infection. Found feces in a toilet and picked it up (from the clean end).Day 6: Remembered that a large horde is coming tomorrow night. Decided to gather as much garbage as I could to upgrade my home's defenses. Dug up dirt and created a garden on my roof. Planted some blueberries and cotton. Made a mental note to create pillars to support the roof.Day 7: This is it, last day before the horde comes. Made yet another journey to gather more wood. Saw that airplane again and followed it until it dropped a supply crate. Looted the crate. Found a submachine gun. Still no antibiotics. On the way back, spotted another bear and got mauled to death. Thankfully death is little more than a setback and I spawned back on my bed. At least I was no longer infected. Gathered my gear from my old corpse and started to reinforce the walls of my house. Ran out of iron and decided to huddle on the roof. Ten o'clock rolled around. Giant horde of zombies arrived and began beating on the walls of my place. Shot a few until I ran out of bullets. Huddled some more.Day 8: Zombie horde still in my house. Jumped off the roof to avoid them and sprained my leg. Beat a few of the zombies to death with my trusty club. Left for another scavenging run and finally found antibiotics, even though I didn't need them anymore. Headed back home to find that my garden had caused the roof to collapse while I was out, taking the entire building and my extra gear with it. Left to find a new place to stay. Got mauled by a bear again. GG."
,Not Recommended,251570,34062413,Posted: 6 August,all,keeta,самый бесполезный проеб пятихатки в моей жизни
76561198107996468,Recommended,251570,18964134,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Lonestar,great game way better than the other ptw games
76561198177801281,Recommended,251570,18871164,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,-=312th=- armyman012003,The best survival/zombie game out there as it is.  I can't imagine what the game will be like when it's complete.  This is a must have game.
,Recommended,251570,31742586,Posted: 14 May,all,garyh1515,I like this game.
76561198094043156,Recommended,251570,25277368,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Buff_Blitz,"Great Game, Its fun to play single player and multi. You can build awsome stuff in this game. Very recomended"
76561198053783142,Recommended,251570,25258681,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,doomseeker,"It's been over a year since I last played this game, but I really had an itch to play.  I love the concept of building safehouses and having to survive against zombies.  They made some nice changes since I played last, nothing major though.  They made the crafting system a lot more user friendly.  Some items however are harder to craft, like the crossbow I so loved having immediately available after punching twigs for some sticks (that are no longer needed).  In place of having the xbow right away, they gave you a bow.  Not bad, kinda weak but I havent found a schematic for the xbow yet to see how that's changed.  I like the level system but at the same time I don't.  I like that I can make my character deteriate less, like needing water and food.  I dont so much like that I have to level all my weapons and stuff.  I feel that should remain the way it was with better tools/weapons doing the job.They added a random map, but I haven't had too much luck finding a water source.  I did find one in the burn lands, suprisingly.  I still prefer my Nazgavene map near the toolshop, farm, diersville, and the river making a Y.I'm still hoping the graphics get a lot better.  I dont expect it to look like the Division by any means since it is on a block/grid design.  They could at least make the characters/zombies look better though :) and fix the goofy horizon!"
,Recommended,251570,8626758,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Firy351,"Great game! One of my favourite apocalypse survival games. Although this game is still in development and that the game has few features at the moment, it caught my attention and it has great potential! This game is not like any other apocalypse survivals, you can build buildings, and defend against zombies using traps. This game has lots of weapons, and decent graphics. Basically take Minecraft and fuse it together with DayZ. Buy this game if you enjoy building, and survivng against the apocalypse! See more on the game page!"
,Recommended,251570,8944352,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Michael Soulstice,"Bought 3 copies so that my friends could play with me, then they released the 2 pack....FML...Oh sorry wrong site lol.Great game.  The zombies have one goal. Break down your S#!% and kill you.  Makes surival way more intense and fun that Minecraft.  The price is a little steep but I'm hoping the investment was worth it.  At least they give a more detailed road map of updates compared to DayZ."
76561198015513609,Recommended,251570,8067755,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,{S1C}FloydJaloyd,its extremely good for alpha build right now. cant wait for more content.
,Recommended,251570,8587204,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Pixeldoggy,"I love the way this game looks and the gameplay.(combination of DayZ and minecraft) the only problem i have is that this game is very laggy on my mac and i hope this can be fixed soon, sofar i feel like its a 7/10"
,Recommended,251570,8614103,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Trump (Build a wall),its amazing
76561198022455444,Recommended,251570,8635724,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Eccentric Curmudgeon,This game just oozes potential which is great I look forward to seeing what this game becomes
76561197973373332,Recommended,251570,8698954,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,metallo,"MIne craft like game realism, zombies crazy at night bunker down you house before you die muliplayer survival enough said!"
,Recommended,251570,8721861,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ZombieCo,"Positive: Thanks to a ridiculous amount of updating and hard work this game is in a great state. I would recommend it to almost anyone at this point.This game is like a mix between: Left 4 Dead2, Minecraft and DayZNegative:I would like to see a bit more options for standalone servers but this is a small issue. Awesome job you guys have done here."
76561197978747455,Recommended,251570,8813764,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Slaan,"""The first play session is over and I found it rather entertaining.  While 3 hours ain't exactly enough time to cast a fair judgement, just like when I read the back cover of a book and decide whether or not I'm gonna like it, I must say I'm very confident I'm gonna sink a lot of time into this.""2800 hours later....Like all the games in the genre, best enjoyed on a busy server or with a bunch of friends.  Alpha 16 is and will always be a defanite milestone for me, sleepers add something to exploration that changed the game dramatically, it's scary, full of frights and in a PvP world really has the heart pumping.Vast random gen worlds, massive cities and an awesome building system provide the base for a whole bunch of customisation, modding and server options. Steam workshop is still missing but the forums are a treasure trove of custom prefabs, full overhaul mods and even full on third party additions.Take the plunge, it's come a long way and is an awesome game."
76561197997122045,Recommended,251570,8814759,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,MILLER,"Great game better then Minecraft. This is still in early stages if you played minecraft early on this will seem normal to you as you wait for the new content if you'rea ♥♥♥♥♥ and cant understand why things arent DONE, wait till its released the game is very fuctional at its current state V6.1. I have enjoyed many hours so far and cant wait for the rest of the content as I have 9 friends who also joined me all have no complaints as they understand its a work in progress."
76561198039854173,Recommended,251570,8815707,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Moros,"Fun, complex yet simple, and addicting. Could also be called NOPE: The Game... Was running through the woods gunning down zombies with my guns until I found a barn. It was getting very dark and I had to take shelter there... Big. Mistake.So I kept gunning zombie sthat broke in the barn while I was safe up in the loft, and I thought this was a great idea... next big mistake.I can now hear this massive amount of moaning and clawing and I have no idea why the zombies are doing this... Turns out there's a huge group under the pillar holding the part of the loft I'm on, attacking the pillar... a few seconds later, me and half the loft come crashing down into the middle of the horde. as I said, NOPE: The Game! Would be more fun in Multiplayer with my friend and if I can learn the game more, so bring a pal!"
,Recommended,251570,8816526,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,President Brick,"An epic game of massive proportion. It can be very overwhelming to begin with, but once you get into the swing of things it is a very difficult game to walk away from. Mining, crafting, FPS, tower defense and zombie hordes...how much could you possibly want from a game?Epic, just epic."
76561197965273314,Recommended,251570,10673056,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,goracck,"Masterpiece.Or at least it will be once they impliment randomly generated worlds (coming soon, the developers claim).I would put this game on the same level of epicness as Minecraft. I say Minecraft because 7 Days to Die is also voxel based, just far better looking with better mechanics (except for redstone in Minecraft, as of now there is no equivalent in this game)."
76561198092531965,Recommended,251570,11679900,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,skylinedive1205,"I am pleasantly surprised at this game. It's outstanding, especially for an Alpha. If the game stayed as-is, I would be happy playing it for a long time. I was looking for a ""builder"" game when I came across this title. The problem I have with builder games is that most do not have an immediate sense of danger. Think Sim City: you build and build... but whats the goal? Other than maintaining your city, with a few disasters, it doesn't seem dangerous enough... and I want to fly down the highway to the Danger Zone!I looked into DayZ and Rust before choosing this game, respectively. DayZ's focus seemed more ""Deathmatch shooter w/ scavenging gameplay"", where the real threat was that of other players. Rust does have some building to it, but it's limited to fort-like structures, and I wanted more. That and the idea of your character staying in the Rust world when you log out wasn't appealing (yes, there are server mods to change this but still). Again, the focus was more on the danger from other players. Other builder games focus on RTS or Castle Defense styles of gameplay. Though 7D2D does have defense-oriented gameplay, that's not all that there is. The focus is survival (broadly) with a very clear and present danger. The NPC threats (zombies, infected dogs, killer wasps) seriously pose a threat and should not be taken lightly. This gives me a great sense of immersion with this game. You can fortify an already established building or build one entirely from scratch, from the ground up. You do this while fighting, hiding, scavenging, while also needing to drink, eat, and rest. This is the danger I wanted. You are thrown into the game on the outskirts of the one map provided in the game. Though it's a huge map. It takes time to traverse. The dangers of starvation, dehydration, fatigue, and being a flesh-picnic are real from the moment you log. You can mine, cut trees, harvest food, create building materials, weapons, exlosives, etc. The scavenging and (some) crafting feels much like Fallout. You can play on a server with other players, working with eachother for survival or against eachother, adding more danger. I currently only play co-op with one friend or single player solo.The game already has a few options to change gameplay: longer days/shorter nights, increased/decreased zombie difficulty, damage modifiers, etc. The only problems I have run into are some storage container glitches (not opening mostly) and no drag-&-drop inventory functions; it's click to pick up, click to drop. Neither of these issues are major and do not take away from my gameplay experience what so ever. Currently, there are no options to change map, customize maps, customize characters, and so on. However, if you read the developer's notes, these changes are coming!If you're looking for an in-depth survival game where you can build and alter the very world around you; either through solo play, with friends, or many survivors; please check this game out. Our money goes towards the betterment of this already-amazing game. It's worth it. I wholeheartedly want to thank the people at The Fun Pimps for making this.Now, if you'll excuse me, I better buckle in and hold on tight... because I'm on the (cue Top Gun)... highway to the Danger Zone!"
76561198009866953,Recommended,251570,11709259,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ninja Man,"Boatloads of potential. I'm killing hours on it, discovering new things, and it's more fun every time. Can't wait to see what the updates hold."
76561197999613236,Recommended,251570,8065524,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Bob Bash'em,This game is one of the best games in early access that i've played. i got the game when it first came out and since then theres been update after update. The Developers are one of the best out there and i think anyone who likes Survival and Zombies with Crafting/Building would very much enjoy 7 Days To Die. It's even better co-op.Lets just say i've got too many hours on this Game.
76561197993431453,Recommended,251570,8440559,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Helliskron,really fun game so far. been playing with my buddies and having a blast. however the game is still in alpha lots of bugs and crashes i mean ALOT of them
76561197992917732,Recommended,251570,8617113,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Twallox,"7 days to die is already a fun game to play dispite it being alpha . Its use of the voxel system makes terain manipulation as easy as minecraft .The crafting system is excellent and hopefully with future releases it will be one of the games main features.I have played several other ""retail"" zombie survival games and this is by far the best, even in its alpha 5 state.The future looks very good too , with promises of larger maps, random generated maps, new bioms and addidional crafting branches .i cant wait !multiplayer and server support is good ,you can either make your own server (i ran a 3 player local server without any issue) or rent a server .price is a downside and  some say Publisher support is bad (i have no experience of this ) .I keep in mind that the game is still in alpha, they have a recently increased to a team of 11 and since kickstart and steam greenlight have had a huge influx of new buyers with bug reports ,recommendations or tech issues support i think the communication will be a little strained from time to time."
76561198067989240,Recommended,251570,8800368,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,BlueRLSH,"7 Days to DieEver wonder what it would be like to be a lone survivor or in a group of lone survivors living in a zombie apocalypse? This game is that very scenario. 7 Days to Die lets you choose between being a man or women each with two different skin choices as of its current 6.1 Alpha stage. The game allows you to live the horrors of surviving from starvations and dehydration while having to scavenge to stay alive fighting of hordes of at the moment way point GPS smart zombies. The game will house much smarter and less direct zombies in future updates. The company Fun Pimps has done everything and is still doing everything to make a great zombie shooter/role play/sand box/builder (mine Craft) like game. The graphics are pretty good and the games current glitches at times can give a good laugh. But 7 Days to Die is no joke. It is an extremely challenging game but can be set up for fun and simple too with its great list of game play options.  You can even turn the zombie spawns off to just build and explore ahead if you wish to just get a feel for the basic before having to run and fight for your life. Zombies run at night and can really overwhelmed you at night so finding a place to hold up for the night is a must. Zombie Dogs run all the time and just a pack of 4 can be overwhelming if not handled carefully. Mutant Bee’s fly around and are good to hunt for honey. While traditional game like deer, pigs, and rabbits can be hunted and cooked in special recipe’s for extended hunger relief.If you like action, adventure, shooters, and building this game is for you. Fun Pimps is still working on this game and updating it frequently and will even listen to ideas and information from players. I’m very happy I purchased this game. It has been an adventure. Keep in mind it will have bugs but they are always being worked on. For more information contact the Fun Pimps web site. I also recommend several of the play through on U-Tube. We have lots of good U tubers that go over the basics of the last Alpha 5 update and I’m sure more are working on the current 6.1 update to give current feedback and help to new players and the company. Until then purchase this game and have fun. It’s worth the money and will bring hours of enjoyment. Don’t forget PVP. Zombies are not just the only threat.- Crazy J"
,Recommended,251570,10795491,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Souls70,Even Tho Its in Alpha Is very Amusing can easliy make severs for friends and easy to join though Steam. love the crafting system and the building your own home or turning a buildning into a bunker
,Recommended,251570,8605549,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,vegas1988,this game is a blast cant wait to see what all they end up doing with it in the future
,Recommended,251570,8634235,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,I am a jelly doughnut,"An Early review:**Be warned if you do buy off this recommendation this is a very early development game.  Meaning all of this is subject to change or be completely different with each coming alpha patch.  Not to mention plenty of bugs, errors, CTD, instability, etc. that goes along with early testing / playing.**The last words from the last review on this were ""Great Potential Here"".  Amazingly The Fun Pimps have started to really shape this game into it's own.  With plenty of bugs and odd issues remaining, the addition of stealth, zombie wake system, timers for looting, crafting enhanced, as well as a major overhaul to the game graphically it is quite a great game for it's price.They have dropped the price a few times in this, which to some was very much so a slap in the face to those that purchased, but out of all the Early Access Games i've played this one is one of the few that I've put down for a few months and come back to something completely different.The sweeping changes and additions come and alter how you play almost entirely.  More server settings available to have your own personalized experience on your server, as well as the leveling armor and stealth systems.  The game from when i first reviewed it is no more, the improved version here is the version you may want to not pass up.Many will knock it for it's less than stellar graphical effects, but when it comes to minecraft like building and crafting this game has it all.  With smelters, mining being less blocky, and resources being actually rare.   It has only improved upon almost every aspect that it was weak for, granted adding more bugs and issues, but giving a great view of what the developers promised to have in for release.Overall if you want a fun time with some buddies, either base building, pvp'ing, or surviving the zombie horde this is a definate must to check out.(To be continued...)"
76561198082359821,Recommended,251570,8895774,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Anonymous John,BEST GAME
76561198112349867,Recommended,251570,10644325,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sgt. MorningWood,"This game is great, bought it on steam summer sale and it's worth the price."
76561197967906272,Recommended,251570,8624845,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TheFireTroll,Very Entertaining Zombie buidling survival game. There is a lot still to be done and all the negative reviews are just bunk. This is in alpha people do you know what that means? I really enjoy it and cant wait for more updates.
76561198045173641,Recommended,251570,14162756,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mkh388,"Love this game. The in depth crafting system, the constant updates, and the never-ending zombie hordes all serve to keep things interesting. It's nice to have a more PVE survival crafting game, and with RUST going through some growing pains, it's currently my favorite in the genre."
,Recommended,251570,10662725,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Strong Bean Man,"Has destroyed my life,10/10"
76561198083652022,Recommended,251570,8951498,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,SarrowClaw,i could not load the game and it keeps saying unknow error but i love the game becuse of the youtube vidose about it but sadly i cont experice the game my self
,Recommended,251570,10763802,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Skazel,"If you're looking for a good survival, crafting, co-op game this is pretty good.  Fun to learn new recipes to craft and join forces to build mega forts to defend and survive."
76561198024390301,Recommended,251570,10721472,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sedän Lanttu,"Personally I enjoy the game very much. Though it's still in Early Access, I recommend buying it. Especially when you play with friends it's very fun. I think it has much potential for an awesome, weird kinda ""realistic"" zombie apocalypse experience."
,Recommended,251570,13886394,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Oob,"After the major disappointment that was, Rust, i was weary of another ""Zombie"" Survival game that is early access.   TO my great surprise, this game is much much further along than rust ever was.  Big♥♥♥♥♥world to explore, lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥to craft and tons of zombies to kill.  Co-Op has been an absolute blast so far.I have not tried PvP or any of the open server, just private erver with a small group of friends.  If you are looking for a good crafting/building Co-Op game to play with your friends, this one has been pretty damn awesome so far.  Cannot wait for the next build to come out......rumor has it TFP is adding electricty!!!! =)"
76561198345328109,Recommended,251570,30160781,Posted: 25 February,all,NigNog,"great game, highly reconmend it!"
,Recommended,251570,11779440,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,GoT_Targaryen,"I want to start by saying that I got this game several months ago and loved it. I've seen several major updates so I can vouch for the devs and say that they regularly monitor and update their game. They listen to their players as well, as some aspects of the game reflect ideas generated by its player base. 7 Days to Die  is absolutely stunning and only getting better. With the newest update (Alpha 9) a whole host of stuff was fixed and added, not the least of which is the random world generation. The crafting system is detailed and in depth, requiring one to really work to get what they want. On public servers, this can be a very tricky ordeal when dealing with paranoid players and zombies at the same time. Definitely a 10/10 for me."
76561197971358596,Recommended,251570,11784446,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ImB_YipMan,"VEry good game with great potential to become the most creative and multifolded experience possible today.I say potential because - there are some elements that needs to be ajusted for the game to earn the title ""survial game"" -as survival implies a constant danger or dieing if mistakes are being made.The first 2-3 days are pretty hard - but once you have found and crafted some basic tools and weapons - there is no more feeling of the need to survive - and the game turns into a building simulator - as the zombie hordes pose no danger to the player.The P v P part doesnt really work as it should yet - for several reasons.Unless you have ""drop on death"" option - where you loose your back pack on death - there is no real reward of killing a human...Also you can deploy a sleeping bag anywhere and keep spawning in to harass the enemy endlessly.Appart from these unfinished parts - the game is a GREAT experience - and I have dragged most of my friends in to play with me.Hope to see you too!"
,Recommended,251570,25849534,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,The Churtle,"Great game. Its been in alpha a long time and has slow but constant updates that have changed the game several times. The developers are active and I feel that they will eventually finish the game, though that may take a long time. This is both a good thing, as with each big update there is more to see and enjoy, and a bad thing as the map you may have sunk many hours into no longer works. I do worry about the recent ps4 port as this has slowed development down. hopefully its more like the minecraft console port where updates were seperate and more focus was put into finishing the main title.It feels like minecraft with a purpose, often in minecraft you'll build defences that you just dont need and never really get challenged. Here when you build a castle with a moat and spikes here its to defend yourself. Real stratagies are needed in order to survive and the 7th day horde is a fear that always sit in the back of your mind. I do feel as though its not as pretty as minecraft, I often found myself wanting more colours and different textures. It also lacks (at least as far as I know) the modding community but these are both things that by the time the final game comes out may not be a concern.Overall its worth a buy, but is better with a friend(s). It does have a bit of a shelf life though. The late game feels a little empty and easy, the hardest enemys are no longer too much of a threat and with no goal to accomplish other than to survive and be self sustaining it runs into a plateau  problem. It does have a litany of difficulty measures to help prevent this as long as possible but it is a constant eventuality. It does have great replayablity though and i have played several times over. I can't comment on the multiplayer severs as I've only played with mates but from what I've heard they are stable and relatively grief free."
76561198158512038,Recommended,251570,24451913,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Prince Phaedru,Best survival game I've played. Which is actually quite a lot.
,Recommended,251570,30282563,Posted: 2 March,all,t.Minimal,The Best Zombie - Survival Game ever ! Despite the graphics that are not so beautifull the gameplay is really fun and couldnt find anything to replace this game !
76561198283671844,Recommended,251570,30282930,Posted: 2 March,all,KelonxX skinwin.com,"Very good game especially when you have a friend to play with. Although the graphic in this game isn't so good, the game offers a lot of fun.+ quite a large map+ randomly generated world+ skills+ treasures+ quests+ mining- graphic- some bugs- human body temperature is the most annoying thing in this game9 / 10"
,Recommended,251570,26339716,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Orzelius,Make a new world....die....die 2 time....make a new world....repeat
76561198152443478,Recommended,251570,25816383,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WideOpen,Love  this game ill give it a thumb up anyday !!!
76561198009223241,Recommended,251570,16832795,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Groovdog,Well took 4 months off because I had tired of it (and my church based house collapsed so I was bummed). Came back to A14 and its finally all coming together. Definitely going to get back into it. This game is going to be one of the best games I have played and I began with the original Pong many eons ago. I have more time in this game than any other and its not even final yet.Update - back in hard on A15. Game really coming along. With some end-game content this could redefine voxel games. Over 90 hrs in last 2 weeks :)
,Recommended,251570,13302086,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Stevefantisy,So far I have not been disapointed at all 7DtD has been everything the fun pimps have said it would be and more. Out of the few games I have played like this I will be sticking with this game especially to see its final product. Lots of fun I trully suggest anyone to pick this up.
76561197971179059,Recommended,251570,8065328,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,B()NE,"For an alpha this game is solid, some bugs sure, but 10 hours + later I'm still loving it, the future looks good for this game."
,Recommended,251570,23056139,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Laksa,One of the best game ever. So much stuff to discover and a great opputunity to spend with friends and girlfriend. Great dev team with the constant updates.
76561198263661340,Recommended,251570,34772056,Posted: 6 September,all,Cyka _ GG.WP,Best Game In The World
76561198097174245,Recommended,251570,8927005,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,sushibend,"Also a mix of: comedyThis game is great, you join a multiplayer server, spawn on top of a wooden house with 4 other people inside. They give you 30 seconds to leave before they shoot you, but you decide to bash your way through the ceiling. You land inside, start punching people, and laugh like crazy as they miss you and shoot each other in the small area. They eventually kill you, but you respawn again and begin knocking teeth out of mouths again."
76561198113054470,Recommended,251570,9074857,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Champion,it is a fun zombie survile game wich  can some times get boring and very hard at the night
76561198000787748,Recommended,251570,9089128,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,</virus>,I really believe   this game has the potential to set the bar for zombie survival games. The game is not for everyone currently it is still in alpha stage so consider that when you think about purchasing it.
,Recommended,251570,33314700,Posted: 6 July,all,sauce supplier,"on the third day a screamer came up screamed, and ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped me. this was enough to throw me into an anxiety attack which in turn made me go into creative to make my base better.10/10 would be scared into cheating again"
,Recommended,251570,23695554,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,saphronz,"One of the best, actively developed games on Steam. The developers really try to make this a great game!"
11111232432424242,Recommended,251570,23660090,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,bydfjskiabfyujoew,worth a look gets old playing solo though
76561198146103988,Recommended,251570,28362063,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LegendZGaming,Decent
,Recommended,251570,29860080,Posted: 11 February,all,Alirexza,"PERFECT , Better Than Conan Exile. FOR SURE!!!"
,Recommended,251570,29925025,Posted: 14 February,all,Sn3ak3y,"one of the best early access games, faith in game developers restored"
,Recommended,251570,29916534,Posted: 14 February,all,Mister Artorias,"I was originally skeptical about getting into this game due to my distaste of early access zombie survival games, but there are a few things about 7 Days to Die that seem to draw me in.First, the good:- In-depth crafting system that utilizes a ton of items. The crafting menu is intuitive and it comes with a handy little search bar.- Leveling up and improving skills is based on what you do in the game. For example, if you spend a lot of time mining, your mining skill will increase. There are a wide variety of skills that you can improve on, giving the game somewhat of an RPG feel.- Fully destructable environments. You can chop down trees, dig up the ground, break into buildings, and so forth.- The ""horde"" is an interesting event that occurs every 7 days in the game. The bloodmoon will rise and packs of zombies will be trying to tear your property down. This event practically makes base building and scavenging for better equipment a necessity. This might be a negative for some, but in my eyes, it gives the player an incentive to plan ahead and fortify.The bad:- The game feels quite clunky. Most of the animations aren't very fluid and don't have much weight behind them.- Building and maintaining a proper base can take a LOT of time. This is coming from someone that mostly plays singleplayer. Time spent on base management can obviously vary from different amounts of players working together.- Quite a few bugs, but nothing game breaking from my experience so far.I'm having a pretty good time on my own with this game. I've yet to have the experience of playing with another person, but I assume it would make the game a whole lot more fun."
,Recommended,251570,28859590,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Darth Badass,"When I first got started I wasnt sure about it... but nearly 500 hours into it I think I like it ;) Different servers control the amounts of zombies (zed's) so depending on what you are looking for , you can find it."
,Recommended,251570,28441857,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Leon,"Its a really cool game with friends, I'd recomend it to a few of my other friends."
76561198138739210,Recommended,251570,29796076,Posted: 8 February,all,Hyro,"Its good,  buy it and have the time of your life."
,Recommended,251570,11826289,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Owned ;),One of the best games 10/10
76561198007425197,Recommended,251570,28395705,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,(SRS) M00nshine,Definite thumbs up and nothing like DayZ (thank the lord!)
,Recommended,251570,28402429,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Windhund,"As advertised, this is Minecraft meets Zombie Survival Horror. Still a bit rough around the edges, totally enjoyable.The PVE is genuinely difficult and there are many ways to get wounded and die. Hypothermia, overheating, sprains, bleeding out, dysentery, starvation, thirst, tripping over a cactus, and getting eaten by a bear. Weapons are few and far between. And forget guns, usually you just get parts, on the very rare occassion you'll get a pistol.There's a huge world to explore with varied buildings and terrain (although sometimes nonsensical like walking from scorching desert into snow). Sometimes you stumble on a campsite, sometimes you wander through a blasted city. The graphics aren't the greatest, but its used to good effect. Watching a sunrise, or looking up at the Milky Way at night, or seeing your home base on the horizon all lit up after days out foraging.And then there's the zombies. During the day they're slow, but it's very easy to get distracted and snuck up on. The noises they make... going into a house where you hear a zombie thrashing around upstairs is genuinely creepy. Combat is brutal, it's best to have a bow. If you go hunting, zombies can smell if you have meat on you, better cook and store your food well.And then night comes... and you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥if you didn't thik to make a torch (animal fat cooked in a campfire into tallow combined with wood). And the zombies aren't slow any more, they move fast. It's like that first night in Minecraft, hunkered down and listening and hoping...And then on every 7th day, the zombies frenzy! EVERYTHING is destructable, even concrete, and the zombies will eventually get in. Even holed up in a prison tower, surrounded by wooden spikes, they got in. They always get in!When the night is over, you have 7 days to repair and prepare for the next frenzy.The PVE is so difficult, it's enough to make players genuinuely work together. Unlike in some other survival games where players will murder you with a rock as soon as they see you, 7 Days To Die has the proper PVE pressures to make you happy to see another human being."
76561198020554667,Recommended,251570,28396980,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sabathane,"This is one of the rare games that stays in ""Early Developement"" for way too long, has a huge problem, but then actually fixes it and is fun to play again. Most of the other reviews cover graphics/bugs/mechanics. What you need to know if you want to have fun on this game is:1. Set it on the easiest possible difficulty with the most drops, lowest zombie spawn rate, ect.2. Don't bother trying to start anywhere but the forest areas. Especially if you are in the snow, just restart.3. Work towards the forge as soon as you can, it will help you get the blunderbuss and make more iron for arrows and traps. Clay is the dark dirt with cotton growing in it, leather can be gotten from couches if don't want to chase deer/pigs.4. Make two bases. One with all your boxes and working areas, and another one specifically for defending from the hordes.  I recommend a series of cobblestone walls with barbed wire and wood spikes inbetween. Make sure to have it only be accessilble by using wooden frames, or the zombies will target the weaker entrance area."
,Recommended,251570,28401457,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,thoraazine,Good game.
,Recommended,251570,20983458,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,coldslaw1,Very good game! Many hours of zombie slaughtering fun!
,Recommended,251570,21000645,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Assassin_Dog,"It's a great game, once you figure out what the heck you're doing ^_^It's awesome"
,Recommended,251570,28403901,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Aquaman,Better with every update. Worth every penny.
76561197987839010,Recommended,251570,28408312,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,mhonarvar,"As a rule - I always wait to buy (steam) games on sale.I bought this for about 12 bucks and it's worth every penny.The first few hours trying this game can be difficult/confusing. The tutorial given when you start shows you how to make an axe/ build a bow etc, but doesn't explain what exactly you should be doing.Spending an little time reading online will quickly improve your gameplay.I bought into the Fallout 4 hype because I love exploring and I was excited about the idea of ""base building"". While Fallout 4 was an ok game - it wasn't worth the cash everyone shelled out for it. This game actually delivers on the base buidling and defending from attacks. As the title says - every 7 days you will be attacked.I spent years avoiding minecraft - so I can't compare them, but I've heard this is an ""adult version"" of it. So if you love/hate minecraft that might change your mind on this.I purposely avoided playing this as a multiplayer game - I've had enough of idiots wrecking games for me. You can try that yourself.This is currently Alpha 15.1   heading to Alpha 16. No idea when (or will it ever) hit Beta/full game status. As it is now...if you can get it under $20 then BUY IT."
76561198319256399,Recommended,251570,28404451,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Harmacist,"I LOVE THIS GAME!It's a great game, sure it might not be the prettiest game in the world. But it has a lot of features, considering it's still technically an Early Access.It even has a working Gravity system! If you build something and it isnt supported then it will collapse!Zombies can also dig. Which makes the game a lot more intereseting and tactical. It has LAN support and single player as well as connecting to servers. I highly reccomend it. 7 Days is a game that will last you a long time."
,Recommended,251570,33112632,Posted: 1 July,all,Friendly Canadian,"I've spent all my hours solo so far and I have to say, it is extremely fun. It hasn't gotten boring, it has gotten a little rage inducing because dying is like half the game but still. The crafting is good, the exploration value is ever so expanding and interesting.Killing zombies is quite a challenge especially at night but landing that perfect arrow shot is ever so satisfying. I would like to see a minimap added in and maybe the ability to sleep through the night but other than those I can't really think of any other cons that bother me. And also the game doesn't really describe much or give you any in-depth tutorial on how to play so you pretty much just have to learn by yourself for the most part which didn't bother me.11/10 would reccommend."
76561198088961057,Recommended,251570,35239006,Posted: 27 September,all,Azza_Woody,7 Days to Die is a fantastic game is highly recommended although  I feel thay need to take an alpha to fix a lot of bugs instead of adding new content
,Recommended,251570,34694437,Posted: 2 September,all,Scottsnerdlife,"Great game, spent many hours builing stuff and killing zombies best combo!"
,Recommended,251570,33395142,Posted: 8 July,all,Snipp3t,SCARY AS F***
76561198063380724,Recommended,251570,33405619,Posted: 9 July,all,Mystic MoonEyes,you get eaten by zombies and you get to see zombie strippers what'snot to love?
76561198159275067,Recommended,251570,32681533,Posted: 23 June,all,GioEnzo,"Day 1-Just learning what to do ,figuring out how to craft, build etc...Night 1-You panick cause its so dark and youre afraid you might get butt♥♥♥♥ed by zombies so you wait patiently for the sun to riseDay 2-You go make more advanced tools and find a REAL house not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shack you made the day before in the middle of nowhereNight 2-You feel more confident because you survived the first night. You ask yourself ""How different are the first and second nights?"" ""The second nights cant be too hard!"" You make sure your walls are fortified and lock your doors. You feel safe. What can go wrong? Then you hear the zombies. They freak you out so you turn down the volume. You make a hole in the ceiling and put a ladder so you can go hide up in the roof. The zombies notice that youre up there and break your doors and climb up the ladder. By then you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and realize that youre too ♥♥♥♥♥ to play on your own and beg youre friends to play wiht you.10/10 Would ♥♥♥♥♥ out again"
,Recommended,251570,24249288,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JokerWildAus,This is a game that you will be happy to invest in. Alone or with friends the world is what you make of it. Build a base improve your stuff so you can evolve into the ultimate Zombie killing machine!
,Recommended,251570,24323591,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mako,The game is amazing! 100% worth the money and would buy it again in a heartbeat!
,Recommended,251570,24249147,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hughesy,Great game made a lot more fun when playing with your friends. Best way to describe this game is its like Rust but more PVE rather than PVP. If you wanna co-op base build with your friends and fight hoards of NPC zombies this is the game for you.
76561198147594085,Recommended,251570,24324204,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CatalyticBman,"Fun game, you have to play for quite a while to get the hang of it. not very intuitive. if you dont have someone to play it with, dont. worth it though."
76561198066200530,Recommended,251570,34023366,Posted: 4 August,all,ticky5656,"This game wasn't really my cup of tea, I've never been a very big fan of survival games. That being said, If you do like survival games, this game is very well put together, has interesting mechanics to make zombies get more and more difficult, and the idea that you have to mantain and improve your base's defenses as the game continues is done really well.If you like block based building/ survival games, this is definitely for you.If you don't like blocky survival games, this isn't going to be the one to change that."
76561198393362318,Recommended,251570,33405802,Posted: 9 July,all,RaginXxCajun,Awesome game!! love playing it with my boyfirend :)
,Recommended,251570,33397357,Posted: 9 July,all,KiiNGKiiLL |twitch|,"7 Days to Die, developed by Telltale Games and The Fun Pimps, is a zombie survival horror & base defense video game. It features a wide variety of items, including clothing, weapons, tools, skills, crafting and various other items.You start by choosing whether or not you want to play in the developer created map or generating one of you own. There are plenty of game options to choose, from determining whether you want to allow your enemies to run(default setting) or walk to how long the day/night cycle takes to complete. There's also a few other options like loot abundance and respawn time, block durability and game difficulty. You create the world you want to survive in.Upon spawning within the game world, you'll notice you have a few items to start out with(ie, a can of beans, a torch, one jar of water, and a bandage) which will help you strive in the early game. From there, you'll want to start off the same as many other survival games by gathering resources. You'll be spending a lot of time gathering materials to create the items you'll need to survive and progress.You'll soon want to start building a base(or fortify a prefab structure) because on every seventh day, when night falls, the blood moon will rise. During that time, a horde of zombies will make their way towards you and will stop at notthing to gobble you up. By default, enemies are not that much of a threat, but during blood moons, they're feral(meaning you have nowhere to hide, they will find you) and come at you all at once which can easily overwhelm the unprepared survivor. The hordes increase in difficult with each blood moon that occurs, bringing stronger and faster enemies. You'll need to defend yourself each of these nights until the clock strikes 4:00 AM. After which, all will change back to normal.Remember, this game is early access and will have the occasional bug, but they're usually not too jarring. All in all, if you're into survival games that have tons of items, base building, and fun combat; this is definitely a game for you."
76561198138237779,Recommended,251570,30811429,Posted: 29 March,all,LordXerXesIV,I was happily building my house and doing pretty well.Nightfall came and I prepared to  hide intill morning as I had done for the last 6 days.Except that this was the 7th night....
76561198004979129,Recommended,251570,13481688,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,{KOSD} Panfuricus,Lumberjack zombies chopping down your doors and zombie troll dogs devouring you. Why are you not buying this? It's hours and hours of hillariously derpy zombie fun.
76561197993030957,Recommended,251570,16431487,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lonetac,"Im well over 200 hours into this game and have loved every moment after the first initial learning curve.  Make no mistake, the begining of this game is not for everyone and it does take a plan with some knowledge of in game mechanics to be successful.  This is not dayz or lfd2.  You do not go in rambo style and kill zombies right off the bat.  It takes practice and a plan.  The begining is hard.  With that said there is so much opportunity they are recognizing adding tons of different ways to die and ways to survive.  I have owned this game for awhile and did not care for the first few Alphas but now its pretty much one of the best I have played.My GF and i have both over 200 hours in game and love the base building along with the survival / treasure hunt aspects which they are only improving on with every release.Basic premise, you start out naked and alone in the forest.  Survive... the first 20 minutes of your life are probably the hardest and it gets easier as you gain levels, make better loot, etc.  Knowing things like crafting 2-4 stone axes in the begining and checking the durability so you keep the good one can go a long way from being ""wtf this game is impossible why cant i cut a tree down"" to ""oh ok, thats how that works"".Hunting could definitely be expanded on at the time of this review there are only three animals to hunt.  Rabbit, pig and deer.  All with varying food recipes that you can make like stews and steaks.  Boiled or grilled, etc.  Farming is pretty cool and you can become self sufficient eventually (Baked potatos!!) and growing things like Coffee and Golden Rods really go a long way for making things easier.  Coffee and beer give you stamina regen allowing you to do more things without tiring for a bit while golden rod can help you level, quench thirst and regen stamina instantly.  Its knowledge of the mechanics and a small learning curve.  Once you figure it out this game is deeply rewarding.Base building is pretty good with a lot of options with the objects you can create like wood, stone, hay, dirt, etc.  The physics system is getting upgraded this next release so that will help with the destruction of things.  Its pretty satisfying building castles, houses and bases with moats and wood spikes and other defenses around protecting you from hordes.  One of my favs is placing dynamite sticks around the outside and shooting them when hordes walk by :DThere is a night and day system, the night time can be configured to have zombies be a bit quicker.  One thing about this game is they allow you to tweak or mod anything you want since its just changing a script.  Dont like the dogs?  Take them out.  Dont like the bees?  take them out.  Want more zombies, increase the spawn level.  Tons of options if you modify some .ini files plus they give quite a few tweaks in the initial world setup which you can change at anytime.  So starting out on a easier difficulty helps and once you get established increase it or increase zombie spawn levels.  They are adding weather in the next release and eventually you can freeze to death and the weather will have effects on you.  Desert making you drink more, etc.Like i said, its got a bit of learning curve but it is absolutely a blast and fun ride once you get the hang of it.  Awesome coop game if you just want to play with friends.  I anxiously await every release.  Make no mistake though, this is Alpha and you will encounter bugs.  I have yet to experience anything game breaking but we have had things like disappearing supply crates (the ones from the planes, currently was just fixed), breaking of legs too easily (also just fixed), abnormalities with the voxel system like floating water or floating land pieces, looting of animals broken.  The pimps are usually pretty good about getting them hotfixed but the game could use some polish and we all know that but its Alpha and polish is what Beta is for.  If you are not ready to play a game in Alpha then wait it out.  The forums are great for finding work arounds."
,Recommended,251570,25892737,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,captainxenu,It is a ton of fun if you play with your friends.
76561198285228033,Recommended,251570,34202119,Posted: 12 August,all,skagitboy,Runs better than PUBG.10/10
76561198030374042,Recommended,251570,13175641,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,commander515,"In a nutshell - it's like Minecraft, but with realistic zombies and a sense of urgency. Like many other people, I enjoy Minecraft, but what it lacks (at least in 'Survival' Mode) is a greater motivation to build impressive, architecturally-innovative structures other than 'it would be cool to build this'. With no friendly NPCs to recruit or roaming monster hordes with a nefarious agenda to deal with, it largely doesn't matter what you build or where you build it.Not so the case here. 7 Days To Die is the Minecraft version of the zombie apocalypse, and as such there are voxel-based destructible environments and many, many zombies. Starting out in the middle of nowhere with next to nothing is far more unsettling when there are flesh-eating zombies visibly roaming around not too far away. Whether you're playing single-player or multi-player sandbox mode (the campaign as such does not exist yet), the threat of a massive, ravening horde is ever-present. At any moment, you could find yourself surrounded by 30+ mindless undead with no other goal than to tear apart your entire shelter so that they can do the same to you. Every day of game time is a frantic rush to scavenge, craft, and build as much as possible before the sun goes down and the black of night makes the zombies nearly impossible to combat.7 Days To Die has just entered the latest phase of its Alpha Build (#10) which brought with it a large number of changes. The game does suffer from some glitches and still requires a fair amount of graphical optimization and bug fixes. That being said, it is still very stable and playable at this point. The game is very well-designed and keeps getting substantial gameplay improvements with every new update. This is certainly a zombie survival game that provides a significant challenge even into the late stages, as the hordes grow in size and lethality by adding more, and more dangerous, zombies that can pose a threat to even the strongest shelters, if not properly defended. It is well worth picking up, even in the current Alpha state, if you are a fan of zombie survival and Minecraft-style harvesting/crafting games."
,Recommended,251570,23603176,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,HappyBiscutz,"Let's face it: Early Access is a bad idea. You end up paying too much for a game that simply isn't worth the money, and likely will be abandoned before it is, or take a decade to be ""released"" but not finished.Well I'm happy to say I've actually found this game worth more than I paid. For an Alpha stage game it is very well developed and polished. To be honest this game (with maybe some graphics upgrades and a camera glitch when you die patch) could be ""released"" (out of early access) and I wouldn't be cross at all. It is single handedly the best Early Access game you'll ever pay for, and here is why:Eating, Drinking, Temperature are just as important as in Don't Starve if not more, giving you objective play.Crafting is simple and easy to use, alot like Rust's system, with blueprints for a few end game items.Building is similar to Minecraft, except this game does have physics, so build support beams! (That's fun too!)Diseases, Infections, and other status conditions are alot like DayZ, except they are actually implemented in this game.Combat is difficult (as in risky without the right tools and tactics) just as it would be realistically, and by that same rule the game is funner with friends!Singleplayer is just as good as multiplayer, the same drive to survive is present, and so is the horror/creepy aspect.Worldgen isn't buggy at all, it is very good. Physics is responsible for anything... odd. But it's sensible.There is great variety in enemies, and so is there ways to deal with them. (Weapons, traps, and sneaking.)And I could go on about alot more, but I want you to appreciate the little things in this game yourself by playing. It really is worth what they are selling it for, and I couldn't blame them if they raise the price. I bought the two pack and I think it is worth it having a friend to play this game with. But singleplayer is just as fun too, and offers a great ""Would I make it alone if the world ended?"" simulation.In all honesty, this game is a way better version of Rust that is actually finished and has more unique and defining elements and mechanics to it that make you feel like you're actually playing a post-apocalyptic survival game where the world is actually out to get you. Compared to Rust you can also build better and easier, you'll actually come across zombies and loot, and multiplayer isn't proof that all humanity possesses an extra chromosome when thrown naked into the wilderness with a rock. If you bought Rust looking for what 7 Days to Die offers, demand a refund and reinvest the money here. You'll get a far far better game to play for years and years to come.TL;DR: I had to call my doctor after playing this game for more than four hours."
76561198035581032,Recommended,251570,23591488,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ScrubMuffin,"Successfully avoided zombies on a 7th night by staying perched on a rock; got killed by a bear a few minutes before morning.In all seriousness though, 7 Days to Die is a game that I easily get sucked into and play for hours on end. It only seems to get better over time, and it's been a lot of fun watching it grow with updates. If you enjoy survival/crafting games and have a computer that can handle it, I'd say get it, especially if you have friends to play with you. It's certainly feasible and enjoyable when playing alone, but having a crew to help out makes the tougher moments of the game so much more BEARable."
76561198070195436,Recommended,251570,16029747,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Renham101,i like it
,Recommended,251570,16032158,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Master Renalds,It's a really fun game
,Recommended,251570,24303170,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,outgoingjake,"This game has come A LONG WAY! When I first purchased and played the game, I didn't play for long and it was not an enjoyable experience. Recently, with the console version coming out, my friends began to talk about it and I decided that if they purchased it, I would play with them. The experience I have since had has been a great one. I really do enjoy the game. Yes, there are some things that I still am not in love with. The ""Early Access"" and ""Alpha"" parts of this game should not lead you to believe it is underdeveloped and buggy. This game has been out for almost 3 years, and like I said, has come a long way. If you are thinking about buying it, I know for a fact that you will either love the game or hate the game within the 2 hour time period that Valve gives you to return it. However, if you don't want to spend $25 on it, I don't blame you. Go buy it on♥♥♥♥♥for $15 instead!"
76561197985214871,Recommended,251570,25268017,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tanahn,"You can shape the world around you and build much like you can in Minecraft, but with more realistic visuals.You can craft weapons and scav, just like most recent Fallout games. The crafting is well done and scavenging can be done in a localized area, so settling one spot while still getting fresh loot is possible.7 Days to Die doesn't blow me away with new ideas, but at the same time it isn't a carbon copy rip off of another game. The decent gameplay along with an active online community keep bringing me back in, often with a different experience each time. I would say it's worth the buy."
,Recommended,251570,25436039,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Genet022,"I played this game around Alpha 12. And have recently picked it back up. (Alpha 15 is about to be released)It is the only survival game out right now, where the zombies actually pose a threat. Nights are terrifying and building proper defenses is emphasized. This is where this game shines. Spending time out looting or spending time in grinding for resources is an exhilarating experience.The devs are solid. Development isn't exactly the quickest, but the devs are very transparent and never over promise."
76561198173300741,Recommended,251570,24308386,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,UrbanJK47,"I purchased this game on sale for ten bucks. Now that I've dumped some hours into it, I realize I would gladly pay full price for it. While it comes with the same risks that most early access 'survival crafting' games on Steam come with, in it's current form it is a true and pure all-around playable game. Also, the developers seem to actually keep updating and fixing the game. After playing for thirty hours, I went and purchased the game on Xbox One for $30. I have yet to regret that decision and have had a ton of fun across both platforms. After all, it's tough to beat a good ""zombie apocalypse"" game. However, the graphics are.... mediocre at best. They could be straight out of 2005. At worst, the graphics are sometimes hilariously bad. On the bright side, what they've lacked in visuals can be well compensated for by the well-thought out gameplay mechanics and fleshed out environments. 8/10"
76561198057235536,Recommended,251570,25239729,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,kornzz666,"Fun game much better with friends to split the work with....allows you to customize your character how long day and nights last amount of supplies you can find and even how many zombies and how deadly they are...when it comes to online with randoms its like H1Z1 and Dayz they will shoot on site ""which would happen in reality"""
,Recommended,251570,25391316,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"tldr - see at bottom.This game is still in early access, and I have to say that it's one of the few games whose developers are very active and always working on improvements. A large amount of features have been changed since its early-access debut, and much content has been added.This in itself is good, but it also brings a downside. The problem is that whenever a big update is released there is a high chance of your old save file no longer work, effectively wiping your progress. If you are not dissuaded by this fact and are willing to restart from scratch multiple times before the full release, then by all means do. I've done it a number of times, and I had fun exploring new content and mechanics each time.Other than that, the game is currently in a fairly solid state. The crafting mechanics are refined, the skill system is fun, and the survival features are fair and punishing. It's not the most difficult game to get into, but it's also not the easiest, so expect to die several times before getting the hang of exploration, combat, crafting, inventory management and survival bars.tldr: Solid game. Active development with frequent updates. Some updates wipe progress and have you restart from scratch."
,Recommended,251570,9051570,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Shadeseeker,"Ok, I have invested my money and 6 hours of my time.So far i must say i am impressed.If you like mine craft but always wished it was a little more realistic, then just get the game..the possiblities of this game have me excited for the first time in awhile about where and what you can do in gaming.I will contribute more once i have played longer."
76561197985712290,Recommended,251570,9028341,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,{F-7} lone_wolf_wp,"Not sure what people are complaining about. As far as i've seen (22 hours in) i havn't had one crash and found nothing game breaking.Any problems i've seen are small and considering its still in alpha, to be expected.Its a fun and very playable game. If you buy this and then complain that its not a finished polished game, then harden up cupcake, its called ""alpha"" for a reason, can you say alpha?"
,Recommended,251570,9302892,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,LordsCode,"Before I got the Alpha 7 update, I was playing with a friend (for ages) messing around with the block physics, blowing stuff up, killing zombies, and building forts, 10 Hours into this game I get an update (Alpha 7) and the added smothness is amazing, can't wait to see what features are released, all I can say is, if you like, 1: Zombies 2: Minecraft 3: Building, then buy this game! You won't be dissapointed"
,Recommended,251570,9092117,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Junes,Fun game yay
76561198036956732,Recommended,251570,9728660,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,salemdayn,Mush better then most got my money out of it the frist day!
,Recommended,251570,9265389,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Vallerie the lusty humper,once again a lovely game and since the price has been lowered and they sell a two player pack this game is in all fact defidently worth the money it is quite literally minecraft adult version and it is so fun to play for hours uoon hours
76561198035651274,Recommended,251570,33596382,Posted: 16 July,all,dEaDhEaD,"Played since beta this is a great game that scares the sh** out of you especially when you are a  brand new toon in the  dark! Highly recommended you should have a go at the game it has depth as well as creativity and challenge that most gamers would enjoy.  Funpimps  have put and keep putting a lot of work into this awesome game so hats off to the developers! The newest release of this game is amazing so far , and keeps you on your toes! Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,251570,34300183,Posted: 16 August,all,w0otness,Sunk many hours into this game. Fun solo and even more fun with friends. Performs well and looks great.
76561198081142321,Recommended,251570,18830607,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,GucciCam,"A great fun game with lots of depth and promise, and it's devs show alot of dedication."
76561197978917068,Not Recommended,251570,19325006,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[SBH]SureShot,"The game play is very good.  You search the environment for supplies and parts to construct needed items and weapons.  I found the zombie content to be overwhelming, even on the lowest level.  There is no way i could start with sticks and stones with that many zombies hearing noises i made or food i carried.  No shelter was strong enough to keep the horde out.  It got very frustrating.  Even when you get some good stuff,,,,if you die,,,,you loose all the stuff in your belt that you were using,   I enjoy zombie challenges,,,but when they are this overwhelming,,,,,i got frustrated and turned them off and just played versus the environment.  Cone on guys,,,,,,when it says easy,,,,,it should be easy.  Not everyone who plays games is a 10 year old with amazing reflexes.  I have played computer games since my early 20s (now in early 60s).  I buy lots of games,,,,so ease up on the zombie difficulty and allow no loss of items when you die.I just played the new update.  The graphics are really good.  The menu play is much harder though.  It is not as easy to craft things, and is confusing.  I started out and quickly made a stone axe.  I walked down the road and got attacked by 4 doberman pinchers.  They quickly made a meal of me.  No weapons,,,no armor,,,,,,,no chance.  Then it respawned me in the middle of the arctic.  I quickly died of hypothermia.  I made a campfire but it didnt do much to warm things up.  Hacking down trees and doors is amaingly difficult now.  Whats up with the 0 to 250 scale.  On metal clad doors you have to chop thru 0-250 to get the metal off and then 0-250 again to get thru the wood.  The stone axe does 1,,,yes 1 damage to it so you are in for a very long session with the door.  That occurs with every blocked doorway too.  Come on guys,,,,,the older version was addicting.  I loved it and played it nonstop for days.  This new version is LAME!  I wiould rather have the old graphics and interface back.  Play is definitely not improved.  I am leary of even turning on the zombies.  The killer dogs are way too hard to deal with when you are naked and only have your fists."
76561198036030250,Recommended,251570,23015509,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"I'd been considering buying this game for a long time, and I'm really sorry I waited. Its what I wanted from all these EA survival titles; challenging co-op PvE survival. Throw in rpg elements such as item quality levels (1-600) crafting skills, item usage skills, combat skills, general perks. Sprinkle in some long term goals and quests (raise your health and stamina cap to 250% through consistent nurtitious food recipes (for which you need to plant and grow a farm)). Annnnd a scaling threat; every 7 days the horde finds you no matter what and each time it grows significantly in size.One of the best coop games ive played in a while.Dont know how much fun it would all alone, its not meant for that.Cant wait for more updatres*Addendum*After putting installing the the Steel RPG mod for this game (a very painless procedure) my friends and I pretty much immediately lost more than 100 hours each in like, an embarrassingly short amount of time. Addicitive and fun AF.ThisGameIsAmazingand not even done"
,Not Recommended,251570,11274011,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Klingenmeister,"Since the team deleted several options for difficulty adjustments month ago and try to restrict the player more and more, I am forced to take back my thumb up for the game.You dont restrict the players choice, how he plays the game in an open world sandbox. The point of a sandbox is, to do whatever you want. If I want to set the zombie damage to max and their health to lowest, so I can one hit them and they can one hit me, why deleting that option?Whywouldyoudeleteafeaturein a game?also since 12.0 the citys are to far away from each other + caves are nearly patched out of the game (another restriction, great!) + there are no random ores in the ground anymore = 90% of the map is empty land you just have to walk through, with a few buildings between.Another good Zombie game idea became a walking simulator.- Also with 12.0 a player of my group encountered an exploit to duplicate infinite amount of ressources- the trunk of the new bike is bugged and simply deletes what I am putting into- the bears look dangerous in the preview pictures, but are slow stupid creatures, that are more sad than an actual dangerThe new loot system is completly broken. Why? The new player loot system works with your player level. The higher level you have, the higher loot you get. If you loot all cars with lvl 1, you wont get new higher level car parts later. Since cars are the survivors first loot choice, because they often have metal tools in the beginning of the game, they are empty before anyone has a decent level.Why does this game even have finite and infinite loot places? Why, after all this time, are cars still not respawning loot?This is the most decent zombie game sandbox out there, totally outranking games like DayZ and other, but the way Ive seen all those month the developers giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their community (like the pages over pages of people wanting the old difficulty settings back) I will no longer support this game.---(this is a review on the current state of the game, 16.07.2014, version 8.7)german review:http://www.topfree.de/7-days-to-die-7d2dYou are the only survivor! Run away, punch a tree, build a house!I had this game on the radar for a long time, but since the whole ""early access"" system is more like ""maybe we finish this game"", I couldnt get myself buying this game.But unlike many other early access this game is a lot of fun, even in its current state.Description:You start in a random position of the current map ""navezgane"". Around you, you find damaged cars, trash, buildings and camp sides. Everything is lootable and you can enter every building unlike the old dayZ (burn in hell for wasting 20€ of mine). You find a lot of stuff, that is usable (like food and weapons) and a lot of stuff, that doesnt look useful. But there is no item in this game you can call useless. Even empty cans you can transform into scrap metal and the moldy bread, that can kill you, if you eat it, can be used to make antibiotiks.And here we come to a great part of the game: The crafting system!At first looking completly confusing and not user friendly, it is a well thought system of item combinations (like in minecraft) that allows you to build any item you desire. Each craftable item has a tooltipp on the right side of your crafting table, so you always can look for help, if you dont know how to craft an item.But wait, there is more!Since this game dont want to be just another arcade sandbox game, it has some difficultys in its crafting and building system.You simply cant go into the woods and punch a tree. First, you have to find a tool in one of the abandoned buildings, or you are creative and craft a stone tool.Also crafting of a simple iron axe, pickaxe or showel is easy, but crafting a gun? This is where the fun is getting started. If you want to craft a pistol, you first have to find a few. Then you have to dissassemble them and use clay to make molds for every gun part. Every item you have to craft in the oven needs a mold. Every ingot, every gun part, cement, glass...Some rare items like snipers and SMGs are a long time project until you are able to craft them.Doing this alone is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ This game rewards you for playing in a team. Every member has their job and some are scavenging, some are crafting and some are building and defending the base. A good group can hold and defend a large area.Unlike dayZ players are still your worst enemy, but PvP is a bad idea in most cases. Depending on your server config zombies be really tough, not only swarming you with howling mindless flesh eaters, but also throwing zombies at you, that can climb, dig, spit acid, be really tanky or crawling and hiding in the grass. With some non human zombies and mutation as allies, they are capable of raiding complete player bases, sometimes with hordes over 100 zombies at once.The game is still in its early stages, having only a handful of guns (2 shotguns, 2 pistols, 1 sniper, 1 smg and some explosive weapons you can discover for yourself), building bases out of wood, stone or concrete, crafting, a simple stealth systeme and a simple building integrity systembutpromising random maps, vehicles, more guns, more zombie types and a lot of other stuffit is worth taking a look at.I only talked about the basic aspects, since I dont want to spoil too many gameplay aspects for you, you surely wanne discover by yourself.Short:Will the game be worth it, when it is released? - YesIs the game playable and worth it in its current state? - Yes(remember: Bring friends, this is not a single player game)addition:For an early access game, that is based on a voxel system created map, made by an indie developer this game has some amazing grafics! Playing this on an outdated Gaming laptop I had an Fps rate of 20 - 30. It feels and looks more stable and ressource friendly than minecraft and other similar styled games and runs for hours without a single crash.So far I encountered nothing I could call a bug.Sure I sometimes glitched through the ceiling while mining, zombie AI is acting really weird sometimes and running zombies are ignoring bullets sometimes, but no crashes or gamebreaking bugs so far."
76561197979999026,Recommended,251570,17520850,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Sister Spike,"I recommend this game for these reasons:You are immersed in a beautiful environment. Forests, deserts, snowy mountains, stunning skies. It gets more realistic with each update. Currently they are fine-tuning a new weather system. I strenuously object to the dense fog which in some locations is almost constant, obscuring the beauty, reducing visibility, and contributing nothing to game play. As other new features have been adapted, I trust this one also will be.The game allows for many play styles and ability levels. I am a clumsy coward and play defensively. Others are hot-shot warriors and roam the wilderness from Day One. The game has a steep learning curve, but re-starting is still fun. The learning is fun. It does not feel tedious or frustrating. Well, maybe once in awhile!The game is always new. I am a responsible adult with a real life, yet I have been so hooked by this game that I am embarrassed to see how many hours I've logged in it. I have not been sucked into a game like this for many years. Not since PS2 Mercenaries, another sandbox game. If you feel you've reached a plateau in your world, and it's not as interesting, you just start all over fresh. It is never the same twice.The game stretches you to try new styles, to explore, to experiment. Playing solo as I do, I am having to be a multi-tasker and figure out how to collect resources, hunt, discover and loot points of interest, fight with both melee and ranged weapons, and build a good strong base. And, there is some interior decorating involved as well!7D2D is still an alpha, yet I have played over 700 hours and more than got my money's worth. You know there will be bumps in the road with an Alpha, but the point here is the road keeps going and around every bend is something new to figure out or explore. I recommend you be patient with the bumps and keep on going."
,Recommended,251570,18211120,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bat Stuff,"The game is getting better with age , every new update fixes bugs and adds new and awsome things , a definate thumbs up from me , great game for multiplayer action or for kicking it about on solo.Highly recomended"
76561198043903826,Not Recommended,251570,21185057,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SneakyGypsy,"I used to really enjoy this game, I really did. Until the most recent updates. Before said updates, fighting zombies didn't feel as annoying. If you try to hit a zombie with a melee weapon, you're going to have a bad time. This is a once good game turned into the most boring game. It isn't even worth $10. If you plan on buying this game, wait until it's out of early access or they change the combat."
76561198025720531,Recommended,251570,19104852,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,GhostSpartan,AWESOME GAME!!!! love fighting Zombies and crafting things are great can't wit for updates for more things to do.
,Not Recommended,251570,21170766,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Quantum csgoarena.com,"Fun game, nice graphics, WHEN IT WORKS, i played about 3 days, and then my game crashed, now i can't even open it , it just opens to a white screen"
,Recommended,251570,17345513,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FalloutBoy,"For a game that still in Alpha it's getting there, Im running under windows 10 and had a few crashes. IMHO needs some rebalancing as the Zombies in some cases had to be smacked in the head 7-9 times before they went down which doesn't really hold with TV series jaundra like The walking dead etc. Graphics need some improvement but I presume the devs will look at that at the end of the game and in the mean time are trying to make it feature rich.Over all the game can be a little frustrating due to being killed off a lot because the balance is out of whack and if I want to I should be able to pick up a rock and kill a Zombie with it even if it rightly take a couple more whacks.At this early development stage i'd give it 6 out of 10, the devs have the ability to pull off a real winner if they put the work in.6/10"
76561198080139388,Recommended,251570,18149929,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,RogueOwl,"I really enjoy the developement of every alpha update. The amount of work and love put into each update is very amazing. Every new alpha version is like playing a new game with the amount of dedication that goes into. I highly recommend the game if you enjoy building (minecraft, fortress defense), survival, and FPS."
76561198024822178,Recommended,251570,18600000,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,irreversal,Best zombie survival crafting game out there
,Recommended,251570,33239691,Posted: 4 July,all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,"Day 1: Easy game, pretty straight forwardDay 2: Broke a legDay 3: In need for a lot of food and waterDay 4: Infected, no idea how to cureDay 5: Finally settled in a houseDay 6: Got my first gunDay 7: House gone, inventory gone, friends gone, I'm goneDay 8: repeat from day 1"
76561198054687820,Recommended,251570,34893888,Posted: 11 September,all,devilprops,"If you were looking for a zombie apocalyse game that the devs still care for, then this is the game you're looking for, every server there are admins monitoring players, this is to prevent from players from breaking the rules and controlling the games flaws, This is one of the reason why this game has very high positive ratings, and indeed it is true, I recommend for this game because the players in this game are mostly good and no toxic people because toxic people are banned."
76561198260594704,Recommended,251570,22825388,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Wilde,"The game is good, it develops a minecraft/terraria esc. concept and completely alters the game with needs for the player to survive. While the game itself is under management and is not finished (Yet!) leaving a lot of bugs and glitches. it is pretty easy to say that this is a hidden gem under all the development it is going under. Challenging by oneself can be altered to make it easier or even more challenging. Add friends to make it more interesting, or... Add tons of people for making the zombies not the only threat out in the huge map to explore and scavenge, with loot respawning and zombies never ending it seems like endless, survival, horrific fun."
76561197969284501,Recommended,251570,33238663,Posted: 4 July,all,Xenocide,"One of the best games ever made. It's come a long way from a voxel world with serious potential.The combat now 7/4/2017 is significantly less clunky than previously.I wish for flooding from rainfall. Snow build up effect is beautiful, would like to see deeper snow. More ammo types like bullet tip types. Incredible game. I have more suggestions that belong in a suggestion section. Minibike needs to be less glitchy. skateboard or regular bike would be nice. thrown weapons maybe. I think it's all being improved. It's a great game. I am always looking for a hunger and thirst scavenging and building game."
76561198015722227,Recommended,251570,23014893,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Only Asian In The Village,"Bought a two pack for me and a friend expecting the game to be kinda lame but I was pleasently suprised. The combat issues people are complaining about I have not had and that is on single and multi player. There are an okay amount of zombies that have different strength levels. Zombie dogs, however, are super OP in my opinion and they make the game hard which is good or bad depending on the person.Overall it's a decent game to play with friends, combat is okay, crafting is super easy and the game has lots of reply value. Also, beware of every 7th day..."
76561198141204736,Recommended,251570,17435184,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,dieselguru,"300+ hours played, need I say more ...Well ok, for an early access game it has more content and depth then most full games and is vastly better then almost all the ""survival/building"" games out there. Great Dev team that releases lots of updates with substantial changes/content."
,Not Recommended,251570,22740213,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,RED SKIN BANDIT,"this game was fantastic so much fun and endless hours of fun then came the update in march that ♥♥♥♥ed the game totally, can not start the game for more than 5seconds without it crashing, all my hard work i did wont even load my other worlds,so i do not suggest buying this game now wait another 9 months HOPEFULLY THEY ♥♥♥♥ING FIX IT!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251570,16753843,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Wanko,Awsome game started playing it and i found 8 handguns in some ladies purse then used those handguns and attracted 200 zombies.I AM NO LONGER ALIVE NOW!
76561198196466339,Recommended,251570,17025386,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,burnttoast88,this game is very fun. worth the cost by far.
,Recommended,251570,11996354,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Nitec,"A great crafting and survival game. Oh, there's some zombies too."
,Recommended,251570,23210524,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Il Duce,"7D2D gets two big thumbs up from me.Survival is but only one aspect of the game; the other half is building.  Every block in the game can be demolished, usually for resources.  There are two map styles, Navezgane and Random Gen.  Random Gen is the only way to go, at least after ones first or second playthrough.  The worlds are enormous.  As in, running from the southern tip  to the northern tip can take (and I am just ballparking here) 30-45 minutes.   East/west, being the same thing as each map is spherical.  It would probably take 10-20 hours just running around to discover most of the POI's on a given map, if one did not interact and focused solely on traveling.Most of the single player mode is focused on getting set up for the zombie horde, which arrives every 7th day.  The goal here is to generally fortify up a building or make your own.  There are random hordes (very often in single player), zombie dog hordes etc, that will attack on other days.   The default settings are that zombies walk in the day and run at night.  It is possible to make them walk all the time or run all the time as well.  Night starts at 22:00 and with the run/walk setup it really makes one cognizant of the time.  There is an extreme sense of urgency to get to a secure location before nightfall, that I have never experienced in other games.  For this reason alone I would give the game an easy recommendation.The hordes at first are fun to fight but eventually (for me around 200hrs) they just because too easy.  With the right set-up, overfortification, or the use of spikes, it becomes almost trivial.  Wooden spikes are probably the biggest offender because they are incredibly cheap to craft and placing row after row after row outside of a base then even the heartiest 7 day horde will be torn apart before they even make it to your base.  There are other simple ways to shut down the zombies, such as destroying the bottom rung of a ladder and jumping up to climb it.  This prevents them from ever getting up unless they walk on another zombies head.  Then again simply placing a block at the top of the ladder further prevents this.  So the only way to be ""unsafe"" is for them to actually tear down the building, which in my experience almost never happens even on high difficulties (they will ravage a building but usually they end up digging into the ground after a certain point).The building aspect of this game is also incredible.  It is possible to build almost any structure you can think of with a wide variety of block types and textures(definitely could use more textures though).  There is also a physics system in this game so be sure to have things supported or they WILL collapse.  There are countless hours of fun available in the building system alone.Multiplayer is much of the same but with the additional adrenaline filled moments of pvp (if on a PvP server).  Finding players is often done by just listening; and with good surround sound headphones it is easy to narrow down their exact direction.  The zombies are still there and the 7 day hordes still come.  Most MP servers have mods such as zcoins (coins per zombie kill) and in game item shops to spend your coins.  Depending on what it is in the shop I typically don't have a problem with it, but I do severely dislike the servers that have ""zgates"" and other teleportation methods.  Using transportation like these takes away from the game in a large way because it gets rid of many meaningful choices.  I won't go on a tandem here but I could write several pages about why I believe teleportation to be a terrible decision for servers (I know many people like them, the same people who enjoy teleporting into dungeons/instances across the map in MMORPGS, except takes away much, much more).  My biggest peeve other than that with multiplayer is the fact that most people live in holes deep underground, scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (on pvp and pve servers alike).  Gimme a break people!It is possible to tweak almost every aspect of the game via the .xml files.  Very easy to do and highly recommended!For solo settings or pve multiplayer with friends I recommend (if not listed then default):Difficulty: 4 - Nice balance between too easy and just plain annoying.  On 6, many of the zombies take far too long to kill, especially starting out (not that its hard, using the techniques listed above make 6 difficulty  trivial).  This just allows for zombies to have the kind of health you'd expect them to have, and not be like your main tank in whatever MMO you play.   Bow + Zombie bear at your wall with its head in a weird spot so you can't shoot it inside or out + 6 difficulty = 20 minutes of shooting it.Block durabilty: 50% - Initially, normal block durability isn't terrible (and on MP servers it usually is 100%), but after a few playthroughs it is nice to not spend the majority of ones game hacking away at a tree or rock.  Although this makes it possible to gather resources faster, it also means that ALL blocks have less durability.  Meaning zombies break through your walls twice as fast (Fun fun!).Spawning: Very high(150%) - More zombies = more fun.  To my knowledge this does not affect the horde nights, just the amount of random zombies that will spawn in each area.Drop on death: Delete all - Only way to play if doing PvE (I've killed myself more times with my own landmines or accidentally hitting a gas barrel by being in a rush than anything).Day length: 40 minutes (or less) - This one is huge and really makes a big impact on how difficult the game is.  Longer days mean more scavenging time, more base building etc.  A 2 hour in-game day means even on 6 difficulty the game is an absolute joke because that gives too much time to prepare.  For me, 40 minutes gives me the right amount of time to feel like I am not accomplishing everything I need to and to work better the next day.  I would even be willing to dial it down to 30 minutes, but that is as low as I would go.  Most MP servers have the default 50 minutes (which is fine for that setting).Now, those are just the game enforced settings but there are also self imposed rules that can make the PvE more enjoyable that I always follow:-No spikes-No mining underground (its easy to get all the resources on the surface by scrapping metal objects or mining surface nodes)-No base building underground-No blocks on top of ladders (I do take out the bottom rung, but this allows them to still get up albeit slower)-Dog run speed decreased from 1.6 to 1.4 (perma-delete all a bit harsh at 1.6, this still makes them much faster than running zombies at night, but allows a slightly better chance to survive should you meet more than 1 (which is very common).-Zombie walk speed increased from 0.2 to 0.3. (requires the player to now loot and scoot rather than take their time).  The 0.1 really is a huge difference in-game.-Xp multiplier 2 (I have NOT tried this out yet, but if I do another playthrough I will be implementing it.)  Weapons especially level too slowly.  As an example, I have a playthrough largely alternating between crossbow and sledge with nearly 4k zombie kills and am not even at 30/100 on either skill yet.  The average player will never hit 30 in a single playthrough without dumping points into them, let alone come anywhere near 100 (hell triple might not be bad, at that amount I expect to be maxed or near maxed).  Grinding skills out in multiplayer isn't bad, it adds longevity to the game and seperates players from each other in a good way (farmer friends, toolsmithing friends, scavenging friends etc.) Until of course you max everything yourself.I also try to live in prefabs only, although doing some basebuilding with this ruleset is also enjoyable."
,Recommended,251570,13235632,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ten Mins Late,"Surviving through the first couple of days was a nightmare and just as i was finally feeling safe in my rooftop fortress i got nailed by the horde of spider zombies climbing over my wall....oh crap i forgot to build a ledge, game over, ahahahaha, pure adrenaline action from the get go, well done devs, a solid game with plenty of updates and can only seemingly get better, now to gathering grass, stones and twigs so i can work my way back to my base..."
76561198018768077,Recommended,251570,13022515,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Overwatch,"Great game! I was a little hesitant at first and didnt figure it would be very fun because it isnt a top notch graphics game and rather blocky... I then learned to craft items and learn to survive on bacon and eggs with a jar of tea or some dog food. Next I was finding weapons, building bunkers, mining, making weapons and ammo, then next thing I know it is time to wake up and go to work... oops. It is that fun! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS!"
76561198041016759,Recommended,251570,20265612,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HolyDefender,"extremly good, i loose myself in this game for hours. graphics are great, gameplay is even better"
,Recommended,251570,8483003,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dragon Vampyre,I love this game.
,Recommended,251570,12492225,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Thanatos,"If you don't mind the block style of this game and enjoy a game that can be very challenging at times to survive then you'll love this game. If you don't build your base right and don't setup shop where you are safest (no nerd poles) then you'll do ok. After every night you end up going around checking what got damaged and seeing how you can fix the problems that occured the previous night. Over time you will have a almost impenatrable fortress where only you know the way in. Setup traps, and keep guns nearby ready for you to pickup and defend your house you spent hours building.I love this game, it has great replayability with the ability to randomly generator new play maps, and is a fun challenge. Hunting down supply drops while gathering food and water before you start farming is a great escape and prevents cabin fever."
76561198007702949,Recommended,251570,11291034,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Skankhunt69,"Exactly the zombie game iv always wanted. Problems: Lagging, frustrating to die due to lagging. Dogs are awful. aiming guns is very difficult. Could do with being abit more flowing all round but I imagine it will eventually be an amazing experience"
,Recommended,251570,12979905,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Roger Mortis,"Punch a bush, build a crossbow.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,11992739,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Behltane,The best of the survival horror sandbox games IMO.  A true pleasure with steady and intelligent updates.  Very pleasing!
76561198032947073,Recommended,251570,11172016,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dumblebum,"This is a fantastic game...a great fusion between rust, minecraft ans day z.  It one of the few games that gets you stressed from fear!!!!.  Its a must get game.....you should not leave your house without it in your collection.  The developers are also active in updating and focusing on bug correction.  My rating A++++++++++++ all the way"
76561198089284399,Recommended,251570,15022252,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,creeperbane,"Attempt 1: Spawned in 20 seconds later I am eaten by zombies.Attempt 2: Spawned in 30 second later I am eaten by zombiesAttempt 3: Spawned in and make stone axe. Gets eaten by zombies.Attempt 4: Spawned in and make stone axe. Gets eaten by zombie dog.Attempt 5: Spawned in find pistol get eaten by giant bugs.Attempt 6: Spawned in made base in house.  Zombies break wall and eat me.Attempt 7: Spawned in and made stone axe and crossbow.  make base in gas station.  Zombies eat wall and then me.Attempt 8: Spawned in and got eaten by frosty the lumberjack man.Attempt 9: Spawned in and find pistol, shoot many zombie. make base in two story store building.  drink toilet water. die.Attempt: 10: Spawned in find farm, eat corn. Get eaten by zombies.Attempt 11: Spawned in find fire axe in broken car.  Get eaten by zombie dogs.Attempt 12: Spawned in make stone axe, make crossbow. Find pistol. make base in two story shop.  Survive 5 days. Get eaten by zombie horde.Attempt 13: Spawned in, fell off cliff. Died.Attempt 14: Spawned in get chased by horde into broken house.  Must escape fall off skyscraper. Break leg and get eaten by zombie dog.Took me 17 hours to learn to smelt metal. 10/10Edit: almost a year later I still suck at this game."
,Recommended,251570,12008800,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Potion Seller,"Made it to the seventh day and decided that the devs should change the name of the game to ""7 Days 2 Disappoint""10/10"
,Recommended,251570,11165876,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Argesint,Build tunnel. Dig deep. Aquire chainsaw. Find red barrels of gasoline. Fill that chainsaw.Never leave chainsaw.Love the chainsaw.T-T
76561198119217233,Recommended,251570,11157331,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Silver 2,Best Game Ever! if you like minecraft or any kind of zombie/crafting game this is the game you should choose!
76561198061996469,Recommended,251570,11147903,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,hehe xd,"Nothing like it exists! if you're a zombie fan and want to experience the apocalypse, THIS is the game for you! Still in Alpha and enjoying every moment, cannot wait to see the final product."
,Recommended,251570,24183102,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ironside,"*OUTDATED*7 Days to Die is an online and singleplayer first person zombie survival game. The game takes place in an unknown location if playing on the pre-rendered map and it also comes with RNG worlds if you like to play diifferent everytime. The game as of writing this review, is still in eary access, a good 1-2 years after its release. While the game is functional, I still think that it may need to improve in certain aspects.Additional Notes:I haven't played online at the time of this review and it is unlikely I will.Pros- Fun with friends.- In depth crafting and survival systems.- Great game mechanics such as hordes of zombies wandering past your location on the 7th day/night.- Developers constantly updating the game.Cons- Still in eary access*- Doesn't really stand out from the other hundreds of zombie survival games.- animations and destruction feels 'floaty'*- Broken achievements** These issues can be fixed as the game updates and I will change the review accordingly.Worth it?Full Price:No - unless into survival gamesOn Sale:YesVerdict:Buy if you enjoy hardcore-ish survival games. If more of a causal survival player, I reccomend to ignore this game."
76561198028200764,Recommended,251570,18931637,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,zantos,awesome
76561198095574968,Recommended,251570,18799001,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DinkleBurg,"Alpha 15 is here, and its taking the Early Access Game ""7 Days to Die"" to all new levels. New textures, animations, weapons, improved combat, audio, player animations, more player custamizations, listen, I could list the new and amazing fetures for the next hour OR you could pick it up from the steam store and support the Devs so they will have more updates like this in the future. They take a while to update, but keep people informed with blogs, so I can't complain. Plus when they do add things, it gives you a reason to come back and play it some more. Because it's usually a game changer. The game does everything it tries to, and with a stong dev team and huge updates, theres no telling where this game will end up. In its current build alpha 13 the zombies are 3 spooks 5 me, it looks amazing, its easy to run, and fun. If you are considering buying this game, go ahead. You WILL like it. (And it is definitely funner when you play with some of your m8s) As of 3/26/16 The zombies that are motion captured eat the player when hes/she dies. Name a zombie game that has that. GO AHEAD, THINK HARD. (killing floor is not a zombie game, thats a mutant game) And not enough zombie games have them actually eat things. So it adds to the game's immersion. And if your playing online, you can use this as a distraction to get away, the zombies will surround your friends or enemies and eat them, use this as your ticket to get away. So overall, this game is a visual masterpiece that makes gives you♥♥♥♥♥♥to do at day, and keeps you on high alert and terrified at night. All the things you do at day like get XP and gather resources works perfectly well with night, cuz its your opprotunity to craft, fortify, and make careful choices on what to level up with your XP. its a perfect blend of RPG, Survival, and Defence. When you play online, everyone has differnet rolls. people who loot level up looting skills, while people who make tools level up their tool smithing, or weapon smithing. As a long time fan of zombies, realism, and games, I feel like I can say this is the greatest Zombie survival game. It's not perfect, BUT its the best. I'm convinced that later however, it will be the first perfect video game. let it update a few more times, then it will be perfect. But for now? buy it, and play it in the mean time. Because it is the best."
,Recommended,251570,19330963,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Marcus,"A game of survival, community, and the undead.With an open world, and great systems for crafting, looting, and even building.A good number of zombie types, architecture, and landscape.A beautifully generated world, with full 'voxel' construction, so you can destroy anything you see, and the terrain will adapt to it, even basic physics such as gravity, and structural integrity are a factor.If you like 'light' horror games, crafting, and survival I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,251570,18720728,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[BUG] Shadow,"This is by far the best early access game I have come across.  The development points are consistant and each time a major update happens, it is really a major update.  Multiple minor updates follow, for fixes and tweaks as the major update gets vetted buy the community.  The game is good, and is getting better with each update.  The developers listen to the community and while  thankfully they do not adopt everything they listen and seriously consider it.  One of the nice things the developers do, is show things that are currently in development, and what to expect in the next major update.  This lets you know that the developers are working hard and have excellent ideas on improving the game.I really like their release system - it works.  Major updates are great for showcasing new and exciting features.  Minor updates show a definite interest in keeping the bug count under control.  It is very tempting to run rampant with new ideas and features while basics take a back seat or is ignored.  What you end up with is a great idea for a game that was poorly implemented.  Concentrating on just the basics without much on the new features is just as bad.  You would end up with a great game if it was released yester-year.  It is hard to keep a good balance.I believe this is a fine example on how early access should be done."
76561198182720410,Recommended,251570,18955393,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bashapretsch,"Build a Bunker,never see the sun again. 10 out of 10"
76561197963768024,Recommended,251570,19041373,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Gravity Kills,"Never played minecraft but I am sure this is way better:P  Zombies, mining, crafting, dying, killing, running, planning and building.  A great time waster!  enjoy:)"
76561198080916675,Recommended,251570,19100235,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Qasim,great survival game
76561198116097479,Recommended,251570,18817734,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ausmith,This is a fun and enjoyable game to play. The devs are great at putting out new updates that make the game even more fun to play. I give this game a thumbs up.
,Recommended,251570,18828740,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,alcali,Newbie here! But I am enjoying playing this game with my friends. Killing zombies is pretty intense. Keep it up! :D
76561198171669599,Recommended,251570,22918118,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Martinese,This game it is a good game. I like this game.
,Recommended,251570,18830209,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr. Hats of Memphis,"Almost had to buy 7 Days to Die a 7th time because of steam and paypal, after gaining access to the game I had super awesome fun time! That same night I gained access steam revoked my ability to play the game because of an issue with paypal. 10/10, would wait 7 days to die, AGAIN."
76561198071351265,Recommended,251570,19037346,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,zer0,"Still a very beta game but also a lot of fun. Hard, especially single player, but fun. Can't wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,251570,8783668,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Benny5K,epicness level 100000!!!!!!!
76561198158361875,Recommended,251570,12852312,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,CatWithFedora,"I really love this game so far, especially the multiplayer. Me and my friend have been working really hard to make a good defense so we can survive the many zombies that come."
,Recommended,251570,12560016,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Nicodemus,"Love it.  My friend convinced me to buy it and I'm having a blast.  Recommend to anyone who would like to spend their day virtually digging ditches, building bases, scavenging for food and water, and killing already dead things."
,Recommended,251570,17840647,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,scm1893,"Edited: 6/10/20177 Days to DieAlpha 15.xx on Win 10 64bit - absolutely no problemsWe are a couple of days from the release of Alpha 16 so I thought I'd update my review.@ this point, I and friends still only play a sandbox version of the game in a random world map. I am waiting for the Navezgane map/world storyline to be completed. I can tell you, I accidentally spawned into Navezgane and, the difference is like the difference between Kansas and Oz. Random Gen is desolate and chaotic. Navezgane is not. Changes to the Navezgane and Random World Generator are coming in A16. Both are getting new buildings and areas/zombies.With the exception of hot patches, TFP makes large periodic updates rather than numerous smaller ones. This seems to be an issue with some. I've never had a problem with it. TFP is always quick to get a stable version available. Many, many changes coming in next update. Updates are often many steps forward and some steps back. It's the nature of development. There is always progress toward a more satisfying experience in gameplay.It's a very easy game to mod. It has many settings available to tailor the game to your style of play. Sometimes I only build. Sometimes I build and defend. And sometimes I just fight open field against spawned hordes. I read there's some kind of survival theme going on as well. I'll have to give that a try sometime.I currently have 2200+ hours. I paid $12.48. I have to recommend it. It's the law. Really."
76561197977959338,Not Recommended,251570,25105772,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,supder,"I bought this game when it first came up on steam and it is still in Alpha after almost 3 years. This is ridiculous. It is ""still"" buggy and the updates come out slower than before. I have a feeling that they will not finish this game and just jump from Alpha to full release. I wonder if I can get refund if they do that. Do not buy this game unless dev made progress."
76561198150991345,Recommended,251570,18259795,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,SouthpawOZP,"Ive been gaming for decades,and i truly believe that this is one of the best and most original games that ive ever played. Highly recommended!"
76561198094504832,Recommended,251570,18258772,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,kumo99,"Great game and the developer has been working hard to add more into the game in every update.  There has been talks about the game may be releasing soon and there are mixed feelings around.  Overall, I would recommend this game even in its current state for it already provide a good crafting system and a good FPS fighting experience.  What I would like to see added to the game before it is officially released are:- more building/crafting mechanics like the minibike..  you create parts, put the core component in the world, then add other parts to make it a complete item.- borrowing ideas from other existing mods - class system.  To allow unlocking more advanced items tailored to each class- character stats, not just food, thirst, health and stam (wellness is arguably one of the stats...).  add other RPG style stats which allow players to level their characters uniquely, some hits harder with melee, some is more accurate at shooting, some craft/loot/move faster, some can hear movements from further away, etc...- world/pre-fab creation/sharingAll in all, I just wanted the game to open up more pipelines for the community to create mods for this game.  This way, even if the game is release and developer moved on to a new game, this game can still be kept anew through mods from the community."
,Recommended,251570,27338678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CaraY4oi,Best Zombie ever ;3 <3 11/10
76561198161533624,Recommended,251570,20737760,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,nathant999,"This game is really cool. Trust me, if you like Minecraft or any zombie game, you'll like this. It IS in alpha, but it's still cool. Sure, there are a few bugs, but no really big ones. Also note that bad performance could be blamed on your computer instead of the game. Just saying. This game has a bright future, and I'm glad to be along for the ride.Edit: It still fails to run, but it does so in a different way. Instead of an ""out of memory"" error, it loads the world for 2 seconds then crashes.8/10"
,Recommended,251570,19974124,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ryder,*spawns in a burned desert forest**hears whispers and babies crying**leaves and doesnt play the game for 4 months**launches again**plays game**spawns in the same place**♥♥♥♥thisshitimout.mp3*
,Recommended,251570,19587267,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Soylent,It's alright
76561198070255086,Not Recommended,251570,30687429,Posted: 23 March,all,Patrick,"Wasn't really what i thought it was, requested a refund for it. It has potential though"
,Recommended,251570,29400470,Posted: 21 January,all,KingDoogan,"two years and one month ago i bought this game. Played about 14hrs and id play the game for about 30mins each time.Pros: Crafting is really done well. good servival with a ""twist""Cons: Where do i start....1: This game is still poorly optimised and has a frame rate of♥♥♥♥♥no matter how beefy your computer is.2: The combat is TERRIBLE and multiplayer makes it even worse. ( When you hit a zombie, sometimes they just stand there looking like a ""zombie"" & not reacting at all accept for just growling and looking at you. in multiplayer they will be hitting you but you would be too busy lagging like a spastic to even know that you were getting hit )3: Still in ""alpha stage"" Alpha 15.1 <-- two and a bit years and they just keep putting numbers next to ""Alpha"" when they add a new item or game element.4: Updated as much as a workshop addon and still refuse to fix the frame rate.Look im just being a harsh critique because i do love this game but it's really a love/hate relationship and i would just like to see some actual ""updates"" that will fix all the real issues.But anyway. buy at your own risk. in all honesty this games not bad BUT it can get boring quick."
,Recommended,251570,8750666,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Rage_Slash,"It is a really good game but some of the mecanics do need work on like torches is brighter so zomibes and a bit easier at night and with the flashlight to maybe it at least drops to a little bit quicker then running backwards but after all that superbed open world, good graphics, good with freinds not randoms, so i say help them out with some money so it will help them out i was a bit spectic about this but when im with freinds its ausome and its in alpha highly dought there will be any deals on soon until its released and we can help them by saying whats wrong with it so i say definatly get it."
76561198021687522,Recommended,251570,8623038,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Zaert21,"obviosuly it is incomplete. I was playing it on my 2011 13 inch Macbook Air and obviously it struggled because of my tech. but I could still play the game even if graphically it was something from the 90s anyway. the mechanics in game are so far very good. like fallout new vegas crafting guns of the same model can increase the life of it. I obtained a decent pump action shot gun from killing bloats and a pistol with 2 mags from a regular zombie. the hoardes are SERIOUSLY hard to fight against at night unless you build up a house/fortification. I found a wrecked out tower in the barren nuclear wasteland biome and it had a door and broke down quickly because of hte number of zombies. anyway all said taking into mind my hardware, this game is on the right track mechanics wise. would be nice if I at least survived 2 nights ingame by them nerfing the zombies a little."
76561197995980443,Recommended,251570,8651789,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Voki,"Ein riesiger Spielplatz!!Dedizierte Server, auch zum selber hosten!Etliche Einstellungen kann man selbst vornehmen!Minimale Bugs!Ständige Verbesserung des Games!Zombie-Horden!!Craften, looten, überleben.... für mich das bessere DayZ mit schlechterer Grafik :-)UND DAS WICHTIGESTE: Man kann selbst wählen ob man die originalen ""gehenden Zombies"" haben will oder diese modernen ""ich bin ein Dauersprinter-Zombie"""
76561198052195495,Recommended,251570,8683201,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hanezki,"Really awesome game even though it's still in alpha, a very good mix between DayZ and Minecraft. a perfect game. 5/5."
76561198118525266,Recommended,251570,8831501,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,LyrosTome,"So far i've been loving the game but,  the update of 6.1 will is not working even though i have updated it for a while it did work then it stoped for who knows what reason.i already played in the new biomes and experianced the forging system but i would love to keep playing with those. could you give any advise how to get the update working again"
,Recommended,251570,8886296,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,namtr0,"Finding it as addictive as minecraft trying to get all the materials to build and fortify my location against the nightly onslought of zombies. I can go out and go zombie hunting or just stock up on supplies or blow up buildings with dynamite. You can be Charlton Heston or Will Smith, whom ever you prefer. Just don't get caught out at night in the dark... Definate potential but the price is a little high for a alpha buy in...If it was finished and polished it would be a deal, but right now unless it goes on sale for less I'd hold off.(but i'm still playing it)Crafting-lots to do and make, still work in progress but enough as a alpha to enjoy and stay busy gatheringFarming- not fully working as far as I can tell, but is closecooking- limited items, can't wait for more to do, but currently can hunt and make items.Mining-same old same oldZombies- I've jumped more than once, they will get you and scare the crap out of you often, never be out past dark.....atmosphere is fun and the difficulty when set to normal with nightime run for zombies make is freakyLove how far along the alpha is, can't wait for beta and final product when polished this game will rock and be awesome for survival lan games."
,Recommended,251570,10653601,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Archonan †,"This is hands down the best post-apocalyptic game I have ever played. Imagine DayZ meets Minecraft!It is still in Alpha, but the developers work so hard and fast that it is a pleasure to play it with them.As it is now, I give it 90/100.YOU MUST check it out."
,Recommended,251570,10852165,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sandvich ♔,I started the gameJoined a server with a friendCollected materials and stuff for our new homeBuilt the home on an island2 days with a great home still expandingCame on next day house destroyed even with a land claim block that stops unknown players destroying my home...DAMN YOU TROLLS...DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL!
76561198085496288,Recommended,251570,8058123,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Deceased ANT ♪  #FightCancer,"7 Days To Die, what's there to say really it's fun, colorful and best of all destructible."
,Recommended,251570,8419142,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dru,"I thoroughly enjoy playing 7D2D. It's hybrid gameplay styles of world manipulation and creation, all whilst blasting zombie brains through the back of their craniums is truly an enjoyable experience. I am currently enjoying the game and cannot wait to see where they take it. :)"
,Recommended,251570,8462690,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,UrbanBravo,"Picture Minecraft and a zombie survival game. You get 7 days to die. Excellent game! Fun and you'll sh*t your pants from time to time. So many crafting options to choose from to defend yourself and your safehouse from the undead. Just remeber this game is still early Alpha. The multiplayer is still a bit busted up. Players who join the server of a friend will constantly face the game crashing with in 5 to 20 minutes everytime. But again, its alpha so at the moment this can slide."
,Recommended,251570,8541474,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Goblin Girl,"For the last year, I have been mainly interested in both Minecraft and zombie-themed games.  Now that I'm playing 7DtD, it has allowed me to take all the parts of my previous games that I enjoyed and given me an opportunity to play them all at once!  Not only do I get to continue looting and crafting tools and food, I am also able to manipulate my environment, as opposed to finding areas that can't be accessed.  What's more, is that I'm given the oppotunity to choose the type of server that best suits my needs.Yes there are a few bugs in the game; like items and zombies falling through the ground and making them impossible to loot or pick up, but it doesn't happen all the time.  Plus, I'd like the chance to repair and use vehicles to travel faster, since day and night rotates pretty quickly.  But considering this is still in the alpha phase, I can't wait to see what they add to the game.  If 7 Days to Die continues to evolve and grow; much like Minecraft, I can see myself playing this game for a very long time."
,Recommended,251570,8551829,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Luke O,"Game is kind of a mix between Minecraft and something like DayZ.  The world is completly destructable, and you can create whatever you want with multiple building materials.  Endless creativity here all while dealing with zombies.  Highly recommended."
76561198089778620,Recommended,251570,8752558,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Richie Bitchy,"An excellent game ! One of the best I've played. I thought my Steam experience could not get better after Rust and War Thunder, but this clinched that deal ! A plethora of opportunities does this game offer, as well the quintessential factor of horror, building, role-playing, and survival games themselves."
,Recommended,251570,8872568,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Jotun,great game many bugs
76561198065653062,Recommended,251570,9009537,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Professor Meow Meow(✧w✧✿,"Very well made game, it has extreme potential on what the devs are trying to do!"
,Recommended,251570,10626228,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bark Bark Bark Bark Bark Bark,"This is how an open world zombie game sould be. Not like DayZ or WarZ (Now known as Infestation: Survivor Stories), but like an actual there is nothing left scenerio. You can play alone, which already puts it high in my ratings because I don't have to worry about grifers, but when you do play online there are many anti-griefing mesures players can take depending on the options the server selected. Although the game is still in heavy development they have been adding many features and a timley pace and I am very pleased with its progress. The thing that makes me reccomned the game as the best open world zombie game however is the fact that you actually feel helpless in the world. There are no crazy infinte ammo glitches (DayZ) or tons of guns lying around in post offices (Infestation: Survivor Stories), all there is is a couple of twigs and a half broken handgun with three rounds left. The game makes you feel as if you are in the end of the world schenario and that you will be the one to try to survive with rebuilding a house out of wood and eventually upgrading it to reinforced concrete surrounded by traps, if you manage to make it past the 7 day mark. Overall I would highly reccomend this game for anyone looking for a fresh experience in the open world zombie genre."
,Recommended,251570,10703586,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hunkules,"Day 1 - Almost died but found a gun safe just in time. After I wiped the country town clear of zombies, I found 6 more safes. I am the new sheriff.Day 2 - Broke down crying supply drop landed in radiated zone. Zombie dogs attack, smelling my salty tears. I try shotgunning them, punching them, bone shiving them, turns out pistol is their weakness. Swap out shotgun and pistol inventory to all pistols. Pistol works better than shotgun on human zombies too. I am the new god of this wasteland.Day 3 - Run out of pistol rounds as a massive horde approach. Retreat back to new olympus but they follow me, can't retreat any further. Find an Auger in a nearby car, craft all 5 barrels of oil lying around into fuel, just enough to destroy every single zombie. I am become death, destroyer of hordes.Day 4 - I run out of water so I go to the lake, but forget to bring empty bottles. I cannot figure out how to drink water without my bottles. I die of dehydration waist deep in water.10/10"
76561197965396869,Recommended,251570,8454643,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Macdallan,"I just bought this game recently and... I just played for about 5 hours straight.... it has so much potential that I really hope that the dev team can make this everything it could be.  It has the potential to accomplish a few things I hoped would be in State of Decay.  Mostly base buildiing (not just picking what to build in slot A or B, or having very limited options... several other ""zombie survival"" games have managed to bork that one up) and defence - though I find it a bit clunky to do in this game it more-or-less works.  The game's tough and that makes it fun for me.Good work so far - I can't wait too see where this goes.  Building and crafting need to be a bit more user friendly and the zombie ""hordes"" that spawn in from nowhere can be fixed by spawning them somewhere out of range of players, then making them bee-line for the nearest walking brain buffet... er...I mean player.  Add in some RPG elements to the mix and this game would have it all.I'd say this one is worth a look if you like shooting zombies, sandbox games, survival games, crafting and building from basic components."
,Recommended,251570,10635501,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Darksky,"I gotta say, it is a fun game and with the creative mode, it makes the game 100 times better, since you could build a entire city if you want, or you can just kill some zombies and other players."
,Recommended,251570,10913658,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jwrackian,"7 Days to Die (as of Alpha 8).""The Survival Horde Crafting Game""The general concept of the game is decent, a lot of ideas put in so far are generally fancy.However, being an Alpha it is loaded ridiculously with plethoras of bugs that really mar the gameplay experience.Not just bugs, but design choices that leave much to be wanted beyond what the game already offers in terms of immersiveness.Issues like zombies spawning in front of you, prefab zombie spawn locations, warping through underground areas to the surface for no reason. (as well as obviously revealing to the player that zombies indeed spawning, though breaking immersion.)General AI and physics glitches are to be expected.The games Alpha states have suffered from many other issues, such as item duplication, inventory loss due to other bugs, etc.Zombies are currently set to spawn from a radius from the player, however this can result in zombies appearing in completely secured locations, such as a player's main base.Bugs aside, the game does offer a large amount of freedom, to construct survival camps, bases, compounds and such to hold out against the endless amounts of undead.The general idea of optional world persistence is nice, few other games offer this.With a very vast crafting system as well as an ambitious voxel world destruction and physics foundation far surpassing many other games, including triple-A title destruction, though obviously still buggy and in early development.Buy this game if:- Bugs and immersion breakers are not your main concern.- You really think forking out 15-30 dollars is worth an Alpha.- You liked Minecraft, and also like killing zombies, and like the idea of destructible environments.- You like post-apocalypse themed games.- You're prepared to be disappointed by randomly occurring game issues.Don't buy this game if:- You hate bugs with a passion.- You have no patience for promised and delayed game features or fixes.- You are not prepared for the idea of losing game progress through bugs or issues.Overall 7DTD is probably one of the better Alpha-funded sandbox survival games around, but definitely not the best, perhaps a very high contender in zombie-themed titles.Other zombie games like L4D or State of Decay offer a lot less with world interaction, but definitely win a lot more with immersion, in which 7DTD often isn't ashamed to break outright.Rating as of Alpha(8): 6/10"
76561198067701286,Recommended,251570,12122723,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,☃ Spoon Fed ☃,This game is absolutely amazing and really somewhat realistic and the game is also beautiful.
,Recommended,251570,9014510,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Julie the Sparten,"This is an overall fun game, very similar to minecraft yes but unique in it's own way. I say it's well worth any discont price, although it's current price is too pushy. But the game is fun now and is going to get even better..."
,Recommended,251570,10653269,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jerid Messa,"It's okay and you'll find a fun zombie survival experience in this game, but not worth the $35 at all.Never spend more than $20 on a computer game (especially unfinished ones)."
76561197971457569,Recommended,251570,11697566,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Jagermeister,This game is way more fun than I thought it would be.
76561198098777940,Recommended,251570,9016944,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ELiTeWHiTeGiRL,This game is an amazing survival-horror game with friends pretty boring playing alone an other down side is this crashing mine has frequently been crashing and is really annoying
,Recommended,251570,24279129,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NO NOT THERE,Best game
,Recommended,251570,34536882,Posted: 27 August,all,un3liaz,Lots of crafting and good ecosystem. Time to time new content. 10/10.
76561197972310394,Recommended,251570,8647681,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,( . Y . )~N~@$$ {i sHoOT sMacK},"took a sec to understand n get into dying a few times n its an ALPHA, but all n all ive stayed in there n started getting addicted mining, crafting, building, gardening, ect... was higher than rust so i expected a better game and more....i havent played rust yet, but this is a good game that is gonna give days, nether, and rust some good competition...none are finished n this one has great potental....there is some funny things, but like saying, its still an alpha; all the new games are flooded with bugs n stuff, but unlike rust, this game i havent run into all the HACKERS i have heard about in the other games...in this game u only loose whats on your tool belt, not EVERYTHING in your inventory when u die, which is something i like; unlike nether, which is stupid hard and for the really patient people. might need to look at the wiki to get started learning how to craft.i figured it out without but js for time sake or u really lost.... more later, but get the game n see for yourself but dont give up quick on any of the new alpha/beta games coming out...."
76561198128164719,Recommended,251570,17047202,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Vexon,"Game is very fun lots to do. funny ragdolls, lots of tools and blocks to build with, near to no glitches that i can see.only down side is the puking zombies ruin the gameplay as they are not balanced or fair either once 2/3 arive you cant beat em without dying once. they also damage blocks too much and take down your base faster than an explosive"
,Recommended,251570,25321813,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Aknot,"Still better than No Man's Sky. This is my most played game on Steam. With a 284 days played if put all together it is only second to Warcraft.For $25 it cant be beat. With the ability for server managers to twek the rules of servers you can almost find any type of server out there. Be it PvP, PvE, half PvP/PvE, Zombies always run, Zombies always walk, Day longer than night, night longer than day etc.This does not include the mods out there. One server I was on had nurses running during the day. Created a ""gorilla"" cop who was harder to kill but crawled like a screamer.... it was quite a sight. There are transport mods, ingame currency, ingame purchases of that hard to find item or speacial modded blocks (no real money needed you get credit for time played, staying alive, killing Zs etc.).Its seems almost like a perfect marriage of Minecraft, Zombiesa and the community.The only ""bad"" things I can think of is....I have been playing since 2014..... and it is STILL in early access. They have made changes/updates/new things (garage doors coming, and bridges) but it APPEARS Dev has been dragging. Now is this because they are putting attention to the console port? I dont know... I just dont know but it does seem as though even after 3 years in EA they still seem to care...... Im just afraid that it may not last much longer...With that being said though with over 2k hours played I can still recommend this game. Even in the EA state it is in it is .... still better than No Man's Sky and well wroth your $25 in my opinion."
,Recommended,251570,19166121,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,(FR3V)Granty,"I loved this game, except the more it progresses and updates, I'm no longer able to run this game. I wish it was better for low-end computers."
,Recommended,251570,24066176,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Diluted,"Hello. So far so good with this game. Optimization is quite good for alpha (Ignore the ♥♥♥♥♥ who say 'I have a gtx 980 and i cant run this game boo hoo', Because i have a 760 and an i5 and can run this game maxed out on 1080p 60fps). Gameplay is great, and as a wise (Actually quite dumb) console gamer (Peasant) once said, ""THE ♥♥♥♥ING GRAPHICS DONT MATTER!"". I do have one complaint though, it seems that the zombies reach distance is quite... unstable. I was seemingly 3 blocks away from a zombie who then threw a punch and wacked me with a bunch of air which led me to infection, bleeding and losing some health. I was also stunned (Literally) by the obviously pure skill the zombie had too do such a thing. So try fix that please."
76561198072246925,Recommended,251570,15686647,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kallashampe,good potential
,Recommended,251570,24753023,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Antashian,One of my favorites !
,Recommended,251570,18269024,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Survivalist07,Honestly when i bought the game i said Wtf it is worst than any other games.But now...it is adorable game believe me.U can  create ur own rule in ur infinite world.it can be easy or epic hard.up to u.Highly recommended
76561198360929350,Recommended,251570,34978873,Posted: 15 September,all,Miraplier1999,"Pretty awesome game, one of my favourite survival games. The only problem is that it keeps crashing."
,Recommended,251570,24106820,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kim Jong Un,"Day 7, the horde comes. There's only two of us, with only hunting knife, and one handgun. Night coming, we hide in our base, pray that the house will holds. 4 hours goes by, we're still terified by the sound of horde punching our base, scratching our walls, destroying everything. this is it, we have to jump and run for our life. My friend came up with a plan, he will jump first to be the bait, then i go repair base. He jumps and attracts the horde's attention, looks like a success, the horde is storming to him. ""good luck my friend, survive!"". scanning around base, no zombies seen, I jump down. I'm starting to repair our base as fast as I can, while my friend keep kite-ing the horde. I heard shot fired, a second one, a third one, a total of six shot was fired. ""damn... hang in there bro"". Distracted by the gun shot sound, I didn't hear from under the house another horde comes out right in front of my face, ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥!"" I ran as fast as i can, luckily its already daylight, the zombies can't run. when im busy kiting out the new horde, I heard a loud growling sound. ""a bear!"", the horde runs into a bear, the grizzlies tear them apart like paper one by one, ""yes, we're saved!"". My friend came back, blood all over his body ""I kill 8"" he says. i point to the bear ""look, we got backup"". excited by our new ally, we didn't notice the bear charging full speed to us. And just like that, we're both killed by a bear. 10/10 will die again"
76561198182910625,Not Recommended,251570,24835112,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,nick_kurowski,"7 days of glitching. every single time i pump enough hours into the game a glitch happens and the entire game is wrecked. error messages pop up and everything. I dont excuse a game because ""its alpha"", if the game doesnt work, it doesnt work.save your money, save your time, this game doesnt even work"
76561198119190778,Recommended,251570,24036705,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Crazy G,"This game is intended for a specific audience ,that beeing said it is an awesome idea , i've spent alot of hours just scavanging and building stuff.Yes it combines the idea of minecraft with good ZOMBIE SURVIVAL(prior to MC i didn't see many games with a building sistem as this one) As it is still in Alpha you should expect some bugs.A big con is that the optimization is lacking , having 30-50 fps on a pc that should run such games at ~70."
,Recommended,251570,24038110,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Andariel Halo,"from teh startin my brief experience, this is the most cloniest of Minecraft clones out there, and it's not a bad thing.  It lacks in variety in terms of building material and the like, but has great graphics for a voxel thing, and gravity unlike Minecraft.Game gives you the ability to build almost anything in a limitless map that randomly generates terrain as you explore it, along with randomly generated towns, cities, lone houses, farms, warehouses, etc.  All of it is destructable.  You can build towers meters high into the sky, or dig down meters until reaching the bedrock ""foundation"".  All the while, zombies spawn everywhere, sluggishly walking during the day, running at full speed at night.This is easily the sort of game that can consume your life, much like Minecraft, and much like it nearly did to me before I was saved (and re-consumed) by ARK Survival Evolved.  The problem for me is the amount of changes made over the course of Alpha development.I started in around Alpha 10 or so, and left with Alpha 13.  During that brief period, some seemingly minor changes were made that nonetheless hugely impacted gameplay.  Prior to Alpha 11 or 12, the map was divided into biomes (desert, snow, plains, forest, swamp, city) that were separated by rivers.  With Alpha 12, these rivers were removed, making each biome fade into the other somewhat naturally.The pickaxe model was changed, then the old pickaxe model re-introduced as ""Steel Pickaxe"" as opposed to ""Iron Pickaxe"".  Items were also given quality ratings, from gray to purple, purple being highest quality.Graphics were updated, vastly improved, then changed again, given a different shade and tone without any visible improvement in graphics.Melee combat was initially a viable method of dispatching zombies, as each hit caused a knockback on the zombie.  Then they removed the knockback effect, making it so zombies would ignore your hits and just keep attacking you.  This basically ended melee combat.  They introduced the bow and arrow to compensate, but feathers are extremely hard to come by in vast numbers when a zombie can take 2-3 arrows to the head to go down.Most of the changes aren't inherently good or bad, but the sheer amount of changes being made over the Alpha process becomes disorienting and disillusioning, to where even the game icon and main menu and Steam page picture completely changed.Half the screenshots on the store page look nothing like the game I put 1000+ hours into.  With Alpha 13, they completely disposed of the entire user interface and replaced it with something that was more text-based rather than picture-based, making certain actions more easy while making most others needlessly complicated.  Even simple tasks like setting up a campfire and lighting it have been completely changed to a point where it's become an entirely different action now.Character movement was completely changed.  The character feels weightier, no longer sliding along smoothly, but moving in a stumbling way that is only exacerbated by the absurd amount of noise they make.  Every single action the character takes evokes loud grunts, cries, yelps, groans, and pants from them.  Most of these sounds are either identical to or sound very similar to the sounds the character makes when they're being attacked, so it seems like they're in pain just from running a few feet.They also radically changed the way the graphics look, without actually improving them, so it looks less like the game I put 1000+ hours into and more like an entirely different game made on the same engine.The zombies from Alpha 12 to Alpha 13 have seemingly all been completely removed, re-modeled, and re-mocapped.  Previously, the zombies would move and act like you expect in media like The Walking Dead or Romero films; slugging around, mostly standing upright.  Now in Alpha 13, every single one of them is wiggling and waving spastically, making it nearly impossible to kill them with headshots as it seems like every one of them has lost their spine and is desperately struggling to keep their bodies upright.  As well, the melee system was changed AGAIN to a confused sort of mix between the two previous systems, in which sometimes your hits will knock a zombie down to the ground, giving you time to hit it while it's down, and sometimes it will just ignore your attack and keep hitting you.I still rate this game highly due to the 1000+ hours I put into it and had lots of fun with, and most of the core gameplay mechanics are unchanged, making this still a great game for someone to get into.Unfortunately for someone like me, the constant ""death by a thousand cuts"" changes means I've basically grown apart from this game.  I've never experienced a game that has undergone this number of changes in such a short period of time that it's effectively become a completely different game."
76561198032241471,Recommended,251570,24053381,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lightfade,The best survival crafting game I've ever played. HANDS DOWN. And it just keep getting better with frequent updates that improve the game. Every few months a major patch rolls out and it is like playing a new game (or maybe an expansion). The is nothing bad I can say about this game or the developers.
,Recommended,251570,13397476,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,GamerDad,These guys are constantly making changes and providing support! The game play needs a shake up factor to really be great but every sign seems to be pointing to that direction!
,Recommended,251570,16882000,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sas717,"Good game, but really bad maps. Please make an abandoned cities with more atmospheric houses/skyscrapers"
,Recommended,251570,8706587,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Give me the succ,"I love this game i have a Let's Play of it on my youtube channel I fell in love with the game when i looked up games like dayz but this game has a deep crafting system has to deal with physics and the building system is a little wonkey but in my opnion i would recommend this game. i have got 2 of my friends to pay it. everybody that doesn't recommend it, it is because it is in early alphaMy Channel:http://www.youtube.com/user/trae56100"
76561198122411333,Recommended,251570,8994779,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,PhantomKnightXX,"After reading through reviews and watching a few clips of 7D2D in action, this game looked like something I would enjoy playing.  Understanding that it was still in Alpha stages I decided to invest the $35 and give it a try.  If you also decide to purchase it, remember that it is not a finalized or polished project and will be updated and changed as you play.  After 50+ hours of gameplay with the majority of that playing by myself, I will try to help any of those interested buyers decide one way or the other.  Take note, I am currently in Afghanistan so my internet connection is why I was not able to fully test the PvP aspect of this game fully.Potential-This game has a huge amount of potential and with each major update gets closer to it.  With what they plan on including in the final version of the game, I am excited to see how it plays out.  Right now though I don't see the cost being a correct value of the current game.Day/Night Cycle-The main difference in the time of day is the speed of the zombies.  They will sprint at night unless a light source is close to them.  So it produces an effect of resource gathering during the day and base building/defending during the night.Building-With the blocks not being squared, it adds realism to what you make. The thing that i enjoyed the most was that you needed to plan on building a structure that supports itself due to the fact that gravity affects every block. I have had the floor fallout from under me cause of that.Map-Large enough where it will take you a decent amount of time and resources to transverse but not big enough to the point of never exploring the other side of the map due to enemies or distance.  Currently have multiple ""zones"" where you find different plants and resources.  The locations of interest are sparsely spaced and with only two towns of note, keeps you on the go to find resources.Crafting-With no tutorial on what to do, it is all trail and error to craft anything.  When you have the correct items to make something, it shows in the crafting menu.  By clicking that item it will show you the blocks in the 5x5 grid that need to be filled to craft it.  Once you have crafted it, you will automatically remember which items you will need for future crafting.Stamina-Limits your ability to run or hit with full force.  Regenerates over time.  Creates a harder playing experience because you have to pay attention to it.  When it is low, you do less damage to blocks and creatures. Having the right tool for the job is almost a requirment in this game on any difficulty beyone easy.Hunger/Thirst-They constantly decrease and when low, you lose health and don't regenerate stamina.  Finding food and water is essential to survive.  Making your base by a water source takes care of that need and farming will fix the issue of food. Trying to hole up in a remote location only works after you have worked out a steady source of both.Enemies-The zombies being the main focus, are the typical movie zombie. During the day you get the slow bumbling side and at night the sprinting deadlier side.  Some different types to defend against increase the difficulty but not by much.  There are giant hornets for an aerial threat which might not fit the zombie theme but create an added item to consider when building something.  Zombie dogs are always fast and will attack from nowhere. Right now they tend to spin in circles when attacking you making it more of an annoyance then threat.  The main enemy to look out for is other people.A.I.-Until they finally update the A.I. of the zombies, the gameplay will never be what it should be.  The zombies currently know exactly where you are at regardless of anything.  For me, that has been my biggest complaint on this game. Thankfully it will be fixed within an update or two.CO-OP-This is where the game really shines.  Working with a few other people to create a fuctioning base of operations and to defend each other from the zombies or other players is what this game is all about.  If you have a large enough group of friends, creating two or more teams and trying to destroy/loot each other will easily siphon hours of your life away.  Once I am back in the States I will be focusing entirely on this aspect of the game.As it stands, I reccomend purchasing this game if you have a few friends that you will play with.  Surviving by yourself or just playing around in creative mode does not get close to what I feel is the greatest aspect of this game. A note prior to purchasing this, if you did not like minecraft, i would not recommend this game. 7D2D plays and feels similiar with just a greater focus on suriving than building."
76561197998624824,Recommended,251570,9247304,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,DDOOGG,Good game so far for being alpha. Still needs work and they are adding content and trying to keep it up to date asap. All in all cant wait to see the game go full on live and out of Alpha.
,Recommended,251570,9338504,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Nobaddy,"This game is developed by the ""Fun Pimps"""
76561197984503913,Recommended,251570,9493696,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,SKINZ,"Ok... dont take any notice of the review which has all the comments about the developer, i wrote a comment on his review defending the dev, that comment was deleted by the user because i didnt agree with his review.... that is double standards, while he can do it and then moan about a dev doing it says it all, his review is trash. The dev was only defending his game because he wants it to be successfull, I think it would be a good idea to turn off reviews on early access games due to the fact theres always an 'expert' that has something to say about an INCOMPLETE game. Im very happy with my purchase, theres already alot of content for an alpha game far more then ive seen in other early access titles, yes its not finished so its not going to be the best experiance and the price is a little steep but im loving this game at the moment and if you read all the other reviews apart from that one at the top of the list you will see ALOT more positive reviews. Me, myself will not review this title until its released and if your soley not gonna buy this game because of one random guys review (that deletes comments that dont agree with him) or because a dev made a silly comment when defending his game then your a fool because this game is great and your missing out and as a hardcore gamer of 20 years im very happy with where this game is going and with my purchase."
,Recommended,251570,9668405,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,yeah,Lovin' It!11/10
76561198083053747,Recommended,251570,9729030,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Name4User,"Great Game, has a lot of potential!"
76561198046822310,Recommended,251570,9747059,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,dappersquid,i like this game its in alpha after all imagine what it'll be like when its finished. and you know what i like what they have so far.
,Recommended,251570,9752179,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,HairyPinkPubes,awsome game like minecraft but less blocky and guns and zambies
,Recommended,251570,9755093,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Wealum,"This game is the bomb! It's got the fun aspects of minecraft but is a more realistic survival also. If you are thinking of getting one of the few survival games that have come out for early access recently, I'd say get this one!"
76561198043487828,Recommended,251570,9768044,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,In The Blind,"Not bad, still buggy.  I can't wait to see this game succeed though!"
,Recommended,251570,10096222,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Saiko,"I previously bought Rust as it was supposedly survival based, but turned out to be survival whilst getting trolled by someone who has access to guns already. This game I expected to be somewhere on the same level, but I was wrong.This game actually exceeded my expectations totally! Most early access title these days are half arsed and wind up going down the toilet rather swiftly as the updates become scarce. Again not the case with this game as updates seem to be happening on a weekly - fortnightly basis. What is more, you don't have to buy a server to play with your friends - You have all the tools you need included in the actual download, just click the server config, set it up and run the server file. Done.The AI is currently not the brightest as they will just throw themselves into your bullets but it is enough to get the job done and this will be addressed in a later patch with AI Pathing. I only recently figured out the building system in the game, it is unique (well I've never seen anything like it at least) in the sense that you can start with just the foundations of your house/base and upgrade it as opposed to destroying a block and replacing it with a new one with more durability. Crafting is also different as it will tell you what you are able to craft based on the items in your inventory, but, until you allocate the right items into the grid in the correct way it won't tell you how to craft something.Granted that can become a bit annoying at times, but that is what google is for! Weapons can be crafted also, as can ammo but you have to locate and learn recipies from books you can find in homes and towns... Filled with zombies, zombie dogs and some odd hornet type bugs that will scare the crap out of you eventually.It has it's flaws, but not nearly as many as some of the games out there today. I'd say if you are into the whole survival aspect then give this a go. The game does also feature PvP so you can setup a game where you can kill another player and take their items/base (base after a set timeframe as they just implemented land ownership) should you wish."
,Recommended,251570,10371424,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Casindo,"Makes Mine Craft look like it was made in 1990. Its about time someone gave them the bird and said ""Yup. We did it with real graphics."". 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,10543662,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TommyGunStudios,wow just wow this game makes me cringe on survival witch is very scary find shelter.
,Recommended,251570,8872788,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,No Rebel,"Really fun game, you need to get it!"
76561198094181227,Recommended,251570,8873556,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,CruelPies,"I think that it's a good game despite it being in development, I would recommend it to play if you can deal with a few bugs (I've experienced very few) I look forward to the future features for this game, which I think will make it worth a buy."
76561198065436647,Recommended,251570,9012115,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Weeaboo Jones,it is JUST DANDY
,Recommended,251570,9239013,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Seinfeld Reject,"Great Game, like Minecraft but way better."
76561198058752653,Recommended,251570,9301203,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dude,"This game is AWESOME!  If you liked minecraft's survival aspect, and wanted a single player version (ie not instant death) of rust, this is for you.You basically have to scavenge for food/water/resources, while killing/looting zombies/trash (dumpster diving anyone?).  You get to hunt deer, pigs, and rabbits for food and pelts (leather), you chop trees, mine resources, and you can even farm!  You can smelt various ores into pure bars, and with weapons you find you can make molds of their component parts (you have to break them down) and make as many as you need (provided you mine enough)  Currently, I have an upgraded wooden/metal base that has an upstairs hydroponics.  AWESOME!!!As of the current 9.2 build, they fixed the problem of not being able to hit the crawlers without getting the grass first (Thank you!) and the zombies move a little faster in daylight (still walking, thank you!)  Although, torch light and campfires have NO effect on them at night.  Please help!AlsoThere is less loot generated, so what you do find IS more precious.  I have played this for a while now, and every time I would have tons of food (hunted and scavenged)  Now, finding cans of food is more precious than finding materials, and farming actually becomes important - VERY GOOD!!!  That is true survival.Was thinking that having (hunted) and cooked food should deteriorate over time, that way having a cooler/electricity for refrigerator would be a welcome addition later in the game, but I'm honestly rethinking that now.  The loot change is actually Very good and instantly makes things feel more valuable.  Still, be nice to introduce electricity with the posibility of electric lights/flood lights, automated turrets, gas/coal/stirling engine electricity (small/simple) with posibility of solar (either direct solar power, or use mirrors/glass during the day to boil water for steam engine, and wood/coal gas at night)The above would be great for heating when weather effects come into play.  Need to be able to craft winter clothing, but leather should help (maybe bunny fur lined leather?)How about putting car batteries to use would be nice for night, and maybe introducing laptop/cellphone electronics would be nice (crafting turrents later, or as an add-on pack)  Maybe have small AA batteries or similiar for hand warmers/""pack"" warmers to put into clothing (pockets or slots in clothing, similiar to electric blanket.  While having to keep an eye on charge, and scavenge for batteries)How about introducing rain, so we could collect it with drains in houses for building away from rivers/lakes?Pipe bombs are nice, but how about home-made grenades?  Either that, or make their area of effect wider, or some kind of timer (audible noise) so I know when to throw it...... just a suggestion!How about a zombie that starts off a little taller but skinnier than the rest, that gets bigger (like the size of a sky scraper) by ingesting/incorporating other zombies into him.  Also, have the other zombies attack/be aggressive towards him (there's too much attention on you, be nice to have some zombie on zombie or monster on zombie action), that way the interaction between the inhabitants keep things interesting.Any way you slice it, This is a game that is setting the bar for survival games.  Tired of straight run and gun, go here shoot this there games?  This is for you.  You can build what you want, hunt what you want, craft everything you need while still looting for important resources.  We need more points of interest, and a bit more than just looting, but that is coming soon. Graphics are Much better than minecraft, and even though not as good as AAA games, it gets the job done, looks good, and better than most other voxel games."
12323447485960784,Recommended,251570,9325269,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cowboy,It is a good game very fun. it is not all blocks like minecraft.
76561198008955361,Recommended,251570,9812607,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,catnipsongs,"I like the game, I really do. I love building games, and a FPS to boot, makes it even better.There is a small amount of lag, but IT IS ALPHA.There are a few bugs, but again its ALPHA.I have read other posts about crashes, not sure what to say, I have never had one crash.If I had to pick something bad, Id say it was the adding of the diamond blocks. Yes it made the game look better,but it added a few more bugs, matter of balance, the good did not outway the bad for me.On the upside of that, the devs have been VERY good at figuring out the problems and solving them.If you are not use to an ALPHA, you may want to wait, if you are use to an ALPHA, Id say jump right in, its one of the best working  ALPHAS I have played."
76561198079513263,Recommended,251570,9842841,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,godsxxcprodigy,"This game has much potential. I really enjoy hoarding food, weapons, ammo, and other awesome gear to survive.The gameplay feels great in a large open world. However graphics and animations could be better.(and they are improving rapidly!) This game is fantastic if you want a decently cheap game that will offer hours of endless entertainment. It never gets old, building your dream fortress, or mowing down zombies with some very smooth operating weapons.There is always new patches and updates to be on the look for. Honostly, this is one of my favorite games, (espuecially becuase I'm playing on a macbookpro). Fun multiplayer, and tons of unique and personal customization options."
,Recommended,251570,9871105,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,☆Silent☆Assassin☆,THIS IS THE FUNNEST GAME
,Recommended,251570,9871526,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Stamfordco,most fun with friends
,Recommended,251570,9880392,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Dead Inside,"7DTD is alright, even in it's alpha stages.i hope it will be great when finished."
,Recommended,251570,9925711,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ⒻFearlessⒻFeebz⤴,"I can't review this game with words, even though I just did O-O. This is probably one of my top favorite games EVER! This game has SO much coming for it in the future, can't wait >.<! I like cows. (They should add them to the game as pets)"
76561197992313641,Recommended,251570,10063545,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,IntelWise,"I have had this game for quite a while now. Many people say this game is lagy and a game that should not even be on steam. Many say that the owners and creaters care very little.I have been playing the game and have had no problems what so ever, only a few  minor, MINOR! bugs that can be fixed with a little thought and a search online. This game plays on old and new computers. Thouse who claim that the FPS is so bad that it is un-playable is untrue. I have an advaced Alienware gaming laptop that plays this game on supper high. Also, I have a 2000 Dell Desktop (Brick) pc that alos runs the game fine on standard settings. The up-dates are released as quicky as they can possibly can push tem out. This is an Alpha Game People, dont expect perfection. If you are on this page of steam looking for Perfict Alphas you clearly don't know what ALPHA means.But I digress. This game is amazing in its current state and has more potential then any other Voxl based game I have seen. I fully support this game and recomend it to all who love a chalange and Zombies.  Remeber people don't survive, Thrive"
76561198061407587,Recommended,251570,10535614,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fatal,Lots of multiplayer fun:)
76561198158125920,Not Recommended,251570,31048391,Posted: 9 April,all,Gabbylight,"THE FOREVER EARLY ACCESS GAME:Love this game, played with my friends for almost a month, but after losing the calipers twice because of a bug and lack of any update from devs so they can fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just lost interest in this game so quickBut if they did something with this game, probably constantly updating then it could be enjoyable7/10 would reccomend Minecraft"
76561198057978982,Not Recommended,251570,31177317,Posted: 16 April,all,wickedwonder,If you can get this on sale it can bring you a few days enjoyement. However the content is limited as its a rinse and repeat cycle with limited opportunities for real creativity. When you finally figure out how to survive the game gets boring fast.
76561198024000046,Recommended,251570,16032755,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MortVent,"Brutal but funEven on the lowest setting, the game can be unforgivingYou learn fast, with lots of deathsOverall very well polished in graphics and gameplay, some bugs (especially glitching though things when underground... so be careful with underground bases)but overall very well done game, crafting is very well done.The zombies are scarey and as the days tally up, they get nastier and travel in larger groups... till eventually you wind up deadMultiplayer is hit and miss depending on the server, some are okay.  Others are just a bunch of dweebs"
,Recommended,251570,9669525,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,TheRealKimmiebear,"OMG!!!  Super fun and adrenaline invoking.  Best sandbox game yet.  I really have fun playing this.  We played it from 9 this morning until 8 pm tonite.  Love it.  A lot of crafting, a lot of trying to survive, a lot of looting.  Zombies on or off, it's like minecraft on steroids!  A friend logged in and said oh I am not sure, I'm thinking this might suck.  He is wrong.  Give it 20 minutes and it will be your go to game!  I have to take my anxiety meds when I turn zombies on because I hate how they screetch and at night, the little creeps horde and sometimes in serious masses and move 20 times as fast and you better be prepared.  Thanks to the makers of this game for a super fun time!"
76561198091101194,Recommended,251570,9760687,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,MadikHurtz,"In a world were early access games are often a disapointment 7 Days to Die is a breath of fresh air. Its the best early access game i have invested in. The developers frequintly update and the game is really coming together. If you have been waiting to buy the game now is the time. The zombie ai gets better and better. The crafting gets better and better and now they have added wearable gear and customization is right around the corner. Im overjoyed at the content. i give it a solid ten out of ten as far as zombie games go, and i only see it getting better from here"
76561197990635412,Recommended,251570,9041205,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Nezzi02,Its like Minecraft and L4D had a baby!
76561197990588158,Recommended,251570,9947790,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Aim,"This Game Is Very addictive.  My two sons started playing this awhile ago. and I thought I like walking dead why not.  and my Wife who isn't even a gamer Has Become addicted She loves to grow her plants , cook the rations and shred the occasional Horde.  its very  fun to play the combination of Crafting , building defence, and just plain Getting frustaitions out blasting Zombies , looting towns. Its very fun I can't wait till its Released To Build A fortress to defend. The fact the game is in Alpha it gets reset sometimes When Improvments  are made is frustraiting But quickly relieved By the smoothness of the game and the quality of the programming 5 Stars of 5 Stars Here"
,Recommended,251570,10332027,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ReapersNative,really fun game and recommend to anyone who likes survival type games.
76561198066759217,Recommended,251570,9760233,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,l33tpudd1ng,"I've been playing some other alpha's, and so far, at the current stage of development, this is the best alpha I've played. So far this game has nailed everything I hoped it would. You guys are doing an excellent job, and providing playable updates even in early development is what's going to keep people around. From what I have played so far, this game has SO MUCH POTENTIAL! Personally I don't enjoy the degradation of say...pickaxes or axes when coupled with stamina. They break so fast, and you gain so little. The wood chopping is great...you get plenty, but mining is a little pain staking. Lots of iron ore and not a single coal ore. Not that crafting bullets is a must yet, as I find lots of guns and ammo randomly. Seriously though guys, I find it very professional the way you update us on what you've completed, are completing, and have planned. It keeps my hopes high and my zombie cravings satisfied. Thanks so much!"
,Recommended,251570,8972289,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,zackroonenburg,This game is great! I highly recommend this game to all who love that little thrill in life!!
76561198038019213,Recommended,251570,9001055,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Winter_Ice,"Love this game. After playing minecraft for months...this is the next level. Love the zombies, building, crafting. I look forward ot every update to see what the new thing is. Keep up the great work!"
76561198123874025,Recommended,251570,9336508,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,mistagameover,Love this game would. play it more if i knew more people who  played this is going be a great game when it done  and glad to do my part to support this game now
76561198118110317,Recommended,251570,9756598,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,damnneedaname,"7 days to die is one of my favorite games of all time. The game is not finished as you may or may not know but it defiantly shows a lot of promise. It has an online death match or co-op mode with other players but I never tried it out I am not huge in PVP an am more of a solo guy so I can’t describe that aspect of the game. This game is still being developed and there are some bugs and glitches (but what game doesn’t these days). In the following paragraph I will talk more in why “I” like it remember these are MY experiences so always take to account others have other experiences and you should consider reading others thoughts and opinions on the game before you buy this game.When I got the game it was fun, I run around and look for loot to survive, avoid zombies, try not to starve or go empty on water, and build a bad♥♥♥♥♥fort. It was fun but it definitely wasn’t the 30+ dollars I spent on it but what could you do. So for a while I stop playing I probably played 10-15 hours of the game and that was it. What I really like about the game is that it was being updated and fixed in my opinion at a fair rate. Considering fun pimps isn’t a huge group and from what I can tell their first project. Every update always lure me back into the game and ads an extra layer to the game that makes the game better and worthwhile. I’ve read other people who say the game is buggy and it make the game unplayable, but from my experience I never encounter these bugs or were so small I never notice them. My favorite part of this game is time and resource management. I find myself in a situation where I need materials but it getting night and I need to choose to make a quick run inside these places or go to base. As most people will tell you from their first experience outside in the night it’s not pleasant.The game is at $24.99 when I wrote this review. I think it’s still a bit expensive but considering the constant patches and updates id say it’s fair I would defiantly get this game when it’s on sale. I got it for what I think was $39.99 I could be wrong but it was expensive and definitely not worth that much money even at its current stage but I spend more time enjoying the game than I complain over the price tag I got it.So in conclusion, go do some more research on this game before you buy it. My experience could be completely different with someone else’s or I could be the ONLY one who loves this game. It’s fun with tons of replay ability. Graphics are not the best but it’s not the worst and playable. PVP and co-op is something I never use but defiantly a plus for most games I can see why people would like that, and thefunpimps are on top of this game they update and fix bugs they encounter I think they are reliable and if they were to put another game on early access I would trust them with my cash."
,Recommended,251570,9768492,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Aurora The Corrupt,"I've played a fair amount of indie games, and ive played a great amount of shooters, and from my experiences I have to say this game has potential. Yes yes, ive heard and seen that the game has plenty of bugs and glitches that need fixing. But if you look past that, you can see a game of exploration, action, and suspense, making your way across the beautiful and eerie landscape from point A to point B, setting goals for yourself and your partners (if you play with friends), to collecting an arsenal to mow down zombies at night. This game is definetly something I'm going to keep an eye on as I play. It has a long way to go before it lives up to its promises, but I know its gonna make it. I recommend you give this game a try. See you guys out there in the wasteland."
,Recommended,251570,9778972,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,CUCKstar,"Even though this game crashes on me every 5-10 minutes, I still find myself somehow oddly addicted to the gameplay! I hope that sooner than later they address this problem, because without any crashes, lord himself only knows how many hours I'd play in a row day after day, 11/10, Even with all the minor bugs and crashes. Keep up the amazing work!"
76561198130697807,Recommended,251570,10007067,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Nikiv,"Very good game as an Alpha version. Hope to see some improvements, as they advance, but tottaly worth the money!"
,Recommended,251570,10315247,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Hhedge (Om3n),"This is a solid game. Yes there are glitches. Yes bugs are present. But in the end? It is a good game. It has originality in a unique way, it presents zombies in a different light. I can't blindly run into a zombie horde firing every round I have anymore. I have to think and conserve, stay full on health, fight disease, hunger, worry if a zombie will hear me digging. It isn't a horror game per-se, but it is a good game overall. My final score?8.8"
76561198012882196,Recommended,251570,10480213,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AdgeTheVaj,"Still early Alpha, but starting to take shape nicely, and I am looking forward to seeing where they take this. The possibilities are very intriguing."
,Recommended,251570,9047872,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Duninn,"For an alpha game it is fun, with friends. Think of it as minecraft alpha, buggy as hell, frustrating, but fun as hell. This is that, but with zombies. Sure, that seems sort of a simple array of foes to fight, but ITS ALPHA! They plan to add bosses, raiders, more features, more zones, and for that I say it is worth keeping an eye on. Not 100% sure worth full price, but on sale it is woorth a look, especially when the two pack is on sale."
,Recommended,251570,10484809,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,guwapologist,its good but gets old
76561198097859729,Recommended,251570,10551309,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lizard,gave me nightmares10/10
76561198116016357,Recommended,251570,10580189,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FattyMunky,just love this game and they just keep making it harder lol
76561198054104310,Recommended,251570,9653685,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ridleyasy,"To start, this game is in Alpha stage. In saying that, this is one of the best survival horror games I have ever played. It literally has something for everyone: castle defense, world crafting, pvp that's not contained to a sardine can of a map, ZOMBIE KILLING and of course scavenging for whatever you can get to survive. There is also a co-op mode you can password protect so your friends can join the assault on ZOMBIE CITY. Got 64 friends, invite 64 friends. Build a world, KILL ZOMBIES, and survive.When this game finally hits beta and is more stable, it will be a refreshing step forward in the future of games. When the games is finally released, it will be a giant to be reckoned with. Now, since I am writing a review, I would like to add a few ideas while this is still in alpha: 1) I would like to be able to craft any furniture or housing items found in the game. I do love my♥♥♥♥♥♥stained mattress but I have seen and want better. 2) fireworks to distract zombies would be amazing (homage to Day of the Dead.)  3) alcohol and adverse effects while under the influence (include molotov cocktails.) 4) cloth armor, and class restrictions while wearing certain types of armor. Otherwise people will only wear the best and other sets will get shadowed. 5) We should be able to burn ZOMBIES with a torch. 6) and quite possibly the biggest, a few more ZOMBIE bosses, like a MUTANT ZOMBIE ro ZOMBIE HULK.I am looking for a very realistic ZOMBIE survival horror game. This one is so very much close to fufilling my idea of that. Keep up the good work.If you get behind this game, you won't be sorry. Yes there are bugs (it's alpha). The game is playable and when things do appear broken, it makes me find other ways to survive. All in all, its a fun game with alot to do."
,Recommended,251570,9868686,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,N U T,7 days to die is a great game for people who are looking for something new or play minecraft and want a little bit more action and adventure with all diffrent types of zombies and ways to kill them or keep them away but either it will get your creative side out of you with phicyics  and hornets and guns so i reconmend this game
76561198011886464,Recommended,251570,9988534,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,MeGo,Zombies + Building stuff = one  heck of an awesome game. Once its complete its going to be a load of fun. Well even the Alpha is tons of fun 0.o
76561198318983128,Recommended,251570,25077182,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,PainfulCh33se,Very Addictive game the only thing about is is why not put more effort into the game itself? The system requirements are good to play. It is not recomended for mac users since the game for mac crashes too many mac crashes on 7DTD. If you got a windows then you are clear of any crashes or bugs so best of luck surviving the zombie apocolypse
76561198065489768,Not Recommended,251570,21241825,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rando Bo Bando,i cant play the game its all black squares after i join a lobby. Fix it or hook up a refund. (fixed) (unfixed again) it seems to be tied to going above 70 latency.
,Recommended,251570,23386925,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Wolfy_92,"This game brings every aspect of a survival Horror that i enjoy into one game,You start off with basically nothing but a few small items to keep you alive long enough to forage your first items. you are thrown in at the deep end....The game progressivly gets more difficult as you play through the days and with you trying to construct a home to survive the hords in while scavanging food, Finding supplies and makeing weapons, trying to do this all while in a constant danger zone keeps you on edge and your blood pumping from the word go.With the added benifit that the game is constantly progressing, I give this a 10/10.Have played several hours already and will be pumping more into it as much as i can."
,Recommended,251570,20877667,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mountain Dew,Very promising
,Not Recommended,251570,21218185,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,NA,HORRible graphics iT LOOKED BETTER ON SPUMWACKS CHANNEL
,Recommended,251570,21037778,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rasta,"A simple and easy thing to say....Look at my hours and wonder if you think I'd recommend this game.  As a survival game nut I call this one the best from the single player to the multiplayer, dev teams, available servers, PvP, Co-op.  The features of this game are complete and the devs are constantly updating and adding to this beautiful work of art that is a game.  If you like survival games, don't think, just get it."
76561198010276163,Recommended,251570,21059324,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kakacarrotcake,"Great for both solo or multiplayer. The games still needs a bit of polishing but it is early access. A must have for any survival or zombie game fans, alot of gameplay options to make it fit your needs and even has a creative ption if you just want to screw around."
,Not Recommended,251570,21119744,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Uncle Badtouch,"Perpetual early access simulator, one of many currently on the market. Avoid it lest ye be plagued with buyers remorse.UPDATE: It's still♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198011549320,Not Recommended,251570,20230174,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,officerdoofy790,"I truly would not reccommend this game in its current state. (TL;DR at bottom)Alpha 13 has ruined this game. Period. I've played since Alpha 9 launched and it was previously one of my top 5 favorite games. I loved the immersion, crafting system, and combat (even with all the bugs). However, since the patch, everything I've known has changed into an abomination (an HD abomination, though, so there's that!).Good:1. New Zombie Models. They are gorgeous to look at.2. Overall graphical improvements. Houses appear more realistic, as do some biomes. Really nice on the whole.Bad:1. The overall UI. It looks like hell. Instead of bringing up something fully interactive, I find it a chore to even drag and drop items now. Also, it covers the entire screen, appears out of place, and is just plain clunky. Don't even get me started on all the bugs with it...2. The weird zombie dance routine. Does it look cool watching it the first couple times (I stress the first couple times)? Yes. Does it look cool watching that zombie shamble and dance around your arrows/bullets? Not really. Does it look cool when those arrows/bullets hit micrometers below the head and thus do virtually no damage? No. Honestly, this looked impressive in their teaser video, but in practice, it gets extremely annoying at best.3. Dumbing down aspects of the game. Where the hell are the sticks? Where are the different meats? Where is the resource diversity that made me want to go after certain resource hubs rather than just punch a couple trees for an hour? It's absolutely atrocious at this time.4. Weapon/armor durability and crafting said weapons/armor.  There is absolutely no logical reason for some material requirements compared to others. Especially early game. I shouldn't need to tear the cloth out of three separate houses to make some cloth armor, and then have said armor cause me to die of heatstroke. Which brings me to...5. Temperature gauges. Terrible idea. Terrible implementation of said idea. Terrible environmental interactions because of said idea. Did I mention it was terrible? Why would I ever want to explore a desert or tundra again? Look up 'terrible'. This idea is listed twice under its definition.I could keep going but I think I'd be beating a dead horse by doing so.TL:DR: The game was great. Yes, it had flaws. Yes, it had bugs. Yes, the graphics were average. However, all of those things led to having players focus more on the gameplay. Great graphics do not equal a great game. Crafting and gathering are now unbearable, combat is a joke, and the game has lost the sense of where it was heading. As many others have said, the game was highly reccommended a month ago, but now has too many flaws to list. Please consider playing something else until they fix what they've done!"
76561198115199795,Recommended,251570,22831426,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Heehaw666,"It gets updated regularly, so the game continues to remain a fresh experince everytime."
76561198027941552,Recommended,251570,18804652,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,CrowShark,"I have so many funny stories about 7 days to die. Where to start? Well there's that time when I was looking for coal and a cliff fell ontop of me and killed me. Or that time when I forgot about a landmine, and had my friend step on it by accident and kill him. Or how about when I was running for my life with nothing but my undies while being hunted by zombies and a group of bandits! Having a broken leg and trying to run from a horde of zombies can make you squeal like a pig. The constant danger of running around looting at night is so thrilling.. and is probably the times when I had most fun trying to not die. 7 days to die is my favorite survival crafting game right now..and especially with Alpha 13 coming out soon(game changer update), the game will be even better.The devs are serious about their game, which makes it a fun game to play, even during alpha! The glitches in this game are still present, however it's nothing too aggravating, rather humorous for the most part. I give this game 13/10. If you love zombies, open world, crafting, building...minecraft-esque destructible world..then this game is for you!"
76561198201714742,Recommended,251570,20821065,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ThatGuyRiteTher,absolutely amazing indie game that has come MILES from its original state.. awesome devs that are Constantly updating and a true feeling of panic and horror the entire time.. love this game
76561198041636647,Not Recommended,251570,22361948,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,DMortuus,"Here is my opinion:I first purchased this game and my friends and I loved it. Very few updates but a fun and semi stable game we were able to fight off zombies and build within.We are now at Alpha 14... This update has ruined the multiplayer game. Its unstable... laggy.. more bugs than pro...THe company just annouced they would start working on a consule version, sadly this version (3 years in alpha) is getting slower and worse with every update..I loved this game, I gladed played it and purchased it.. now its unplayable on multiplayer.. with all the lag spikes.. bugs.. crashes.."
,Recommended,251570,35130556,Posted: 22 September,all,Duke Spookem,"In all honesty, This is by far the best survival/sandbox game of its kind."
76561198092413969,Recommended,251570,19943443,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,LoT.Faarckle,"♥♥♥♥ sombiEs bRo./.Actually, good tower-defence sort of game, many options to build any type of base you desire. Solid crafting, the devs have improved the crafting and it's almost perfect. Not many game-breaking bugs. Iffy graphics, they're good but isn't smooth, especially around the edges. Combat is wonky, zombies' movement and AI are in need of some touch ups. Music/Sound is OK, not much music and sounds are scary and spooky at times but also really lack at other times."
76561198001985516,Recommended,251570,20183356,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,USMC Jack (of All Trades),"Let me start out by saying that this game is early access and as frightening as that is for anyone that purchases a early access game.... this one takes the cake. In its early form their is so much to do and so much to build. Anyone that gives this game a negative review either has no imagination or is needing to be fed some sort of story line or just a sad excuse of a human. If your upset about that comment then well that is pretty much proof of how your no good to the gaming community and should go play hello kitty rollercoaster ride and stay there. Back on topic this game in its alpha stage is crazy great. So much to do, Getting a group of friends is a must. You have so much more interaction as well as fun experiences in this game. I wont go into depth about the game for if you want to experience something amazing in gaming just buy it and play. Let me finish these remarks with this. People not recommending this game have 2000 plus hours in this game, yet they dont enjoy the game???? ok buddy rethink your anger and mamma crying before posting to people actually interested in the game. Look everyone... im very very picky about games and I play the hell out of this game because its to damn fun. I believe if i can truly enjoy this game anyone that likes games in general will love it. Hell i still didnt even buy fallout 4 because the reviews are terrible and people that claim it to be good sound like they are forcering themselves to want to like it. Well in this review Im not. Hell i dont force myself ever to like something thats just not that good. I dont have to.... its just a damn really good game end of story."
,Recommended,251570,20806343,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,PhillPhoenix,"I1ve played many sand box/operworld/craftworld/zombie related games not just on steam. By far, this one is the best. Better than DayZ, WarZ, MonthZ, ♥♥♥♥Z and anythingZ out there. A whole lot of freedom, many enemies, many ways to be challenged and challenge, to play single, to play multiplayer, to build a fortress, an underground bunker, plant, create, survive, destroy, build, kill, raise, pilot, hunt and everything. It's still on Alpha... for quite a lot of years... and I don't suppose it's gonna be complete anytime soon.But for a game this awesome be just an ALPHA... I can only dream about how it will be at the end.Is worth the expensiveness (though wait for sales)"
76561197999277997,Recommended,251570,20216837,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gold N Mole,Love the game - great fun with friends or solo. The survival is quite realistic and challenging - especially every 7th day if you don't know the best ways to hold-out ^^
76561198093775836,Recommended,251570,20219117,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ZXD_SHO-SHIN,"I have 400hr's in game when writing this review.7 Days to Die IMO is a fantastic game, it's worthy of the sandbox label but brings amazing PVE elements to reality. It just gets better and better.The crafting, and recent skill system is great. The zombie threat is real (If you set it to high difificulty settings).PvP IMO is not the best, but it's ok. Many, including me arn't so keen on the art style through the game, but it has improved significantly last few months.It's my go to game for solo play, on multiplayer PvP servers.It's very creepy at times.To me it's pretty much in Beta, but it is officially an Alpha and theres lots of tweaks required for game stability,  balance and flow. But even with these minor issues it plays great, pretty much everything works like it should.The servers can be a bit cranky, I would like to see more player slots but set up and run well they play good overall."
76561198093824154,Recommended,251570,20599155,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Self-harmacist,"Where do I even start with this game? I guess with gameplay, if you've read the description of the game you'd see that it's trying to sell itself like every zombie game out so far, this game isn't unique, it has a few key features that no game has done before but it's still the same old zombie apocalypse survival game, the unique feature most people would notice in gameplay or simply just videos of it are that there is a horde every 7 days, this horde slowly scales up in size and has a few surprises, so you'll probably spend most of your time repairing damages, preparing for a new horde and not much else. One feature I like is that this game is difficult, very difficult, but after a bit it scales out and becomes easy, for instance. Without tools you'll be hacking away at things with makeshift stuff for ages before you get anywhere, you'll need to hunt, and mine a bit with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stone axe and eventually you'll have a forge, after that you'll have tools and things will be easy, the horde isn't too difficult if you just so happen to have a road cut through a mountain and expose all those ore pockets. You'll have loot for days, mining is pretty much compulsory in the game as you need to craft gunpowder, then craft bullets, and let's be honest, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing impossibru without bullets and a functioning weapon. Anyway, I highly reccommend you buy this game, it's definitely something I'd spend a few dollars on. The only few features I didn't like were that this game gets too difficult in later days, the hordes just get too impossibly big and supplies get very scarce, I didn't have enough to make a farm and take advantage of the free food and recources so it was pretty difficult, but overall I'd reccommend this game to anyone that likes a challenge."
76561198040718554,Recommended,251570,21048847,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Archalaus,"This has been my favorite game of all of my other games including Fallout 4, Witrchers etc. extremely fun game and its as simple as that. All of my friends I tell about this game are skeptical but as soon as they get the hang of things they are addicted!"
,Recommended,251570,18862827,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Valmunify,"Okay, I've played quite a few different Zombie games, and a few Survival games. A lot of those were a mix of the two.7 Days to Die beats them all, hands down.While there is still a bit of work to be done on the graphics end of things, actual gameplay is where the game shines. Sort of a Minecraft meets real life, with real life physics when it comes to dealing with buildings and terrain. Given that the game is still in Alpha, there is obviously a lot more still planned for the game. I can't wait to see what the next major Patch is going to bring, and I'm excited to see what kinds of changes to the game it will bring when they finally implement the story aspect.But even without that yet, it's still a challenging and fun game to play."
76561198184044163,Recommended,251570,20872705,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Where Is My Mind?,Great game to chill with friends! Even sometimes u lost your motorbicycle cause of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bug :P
,Recommended,251570,20882224,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ProjectSINQ,"You hunt bears. Only in AMERICA!But in Soviet Russia, zombie bears hunts you!Zombie bears can break steel vault doors faster than a horde of zombies!Totally legit 11/10"
76561198166841472,Not Recommended,251570,21197851,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Squaw,"whenever i go to join a game it kicks me off the game, even if its a single player game, help plz"
76561198179797586,Recommended,251570,20310531,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Wolf379112,"I like it, but i keep geting hurt for no reason"
,Recommended,251570,20738580,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,^♥^ 💀 Miss Kat 💀 ^♥^,"For me personaly i love this game, with your friends tryin to survive, i enjoy the whole scavenging side to it too, I loveeeeeeee this game. I deffinatly recommend it!!ill give it easy 10/10  ^___^"
76561198143346832,Recommended,251570,34850716,Posted: 9 September,all,Fury>_<Hax,"Note:The game title is maybe trying to mess with you since it took only 15 minutes to dieJokes aside, it's one of the best survival-crafting game i'd played so far. It's a bit like minecraft but the zombies are waaaaay nastier--but it's great (except at early-game tho)Unlike minecraft--the structural integrity of blocks were really fun to play with --watching your base fall by your own curiosity may motivate you insomeway ( i know i do )Talking about early games, u will die at least 1-3 times in less than a few minutes for sure because even the weakest type of zombie is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Zombies deals quite a high block damage which adds a difficulty in maintaining your base.unless u live on high ground ... CheaterWhat makes this game good is its unique character/base growth -- it adds a role playing element in this game via the skill option when playing co-op.Be a gunner/rambo/armor maker/craftsman or even have your scavenging stats maxed out and be be the one player who reap everything up for themselves without your friends knowing that you've gained a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ton of items while they feed you with a lot of food,care and a sense of guiltThe game doesn't bore you due to its natural environment which wants you dead and treating you with loots that you won't resist even if it is a stack of someone's turd that keeps reappearing eventhough you thought thatyou are alone in that world but who cares... u need fertilizerThe random notes or i'd like to say side quests, are one of the contents that kept me playingaside from the good/bad puns within the notes :)Personally, the game's content is more towards PvE since enemy players are not much of a big deal compared to everthing else that the post-apocalypse has prepared for you-- yup boys, this includes OP zombie dogs that are seemingly harmless creatures but will eat you up when you ran out of stamina (or whenyou try spamming the mouse like hell).There is something satisfying about being able to destroy almost everything in the environment.The side contents of the game will get you lose countless hours in senseless fun.The game has loads of content there are lot of bugs that are noticable in multiplayer but it's still on early-access .. so yeah acceptable.If you're looking for a zombie game where almost everything is destructible and  a constant effort to keep your base safe is highly needed then 7dtd is for you.PS : Sorry for the bad english plus this is my 1st review so have mercy ._."
76561198063547713,Recommended,251570,35139480,Posted: 22 September,all,Kinsir,"7 Days to die.A game that is stuck in alpha/Beta for many years by now.A game, that has not the best performance.A game, with a very dumb Ai.But is is a good game?DEFINITELY!To be honest, its one of my favourite online games to play with my friends!Youve got a giant map,with many bioms,randomly generated,with so much to do.Loot to find,Skills to level,treasures to find,zombies to kill and most importantly bases to build and days to survive.The game combines a simple form of construktion, with block shaped construckts,for the most part.With a surrounding world, that feels like you can form it naturaly.The ground is kind of formed with spheres, where you can mine up where ever you want and form the whole surrounding in every way you want.  (i really love to mine in this game)After that youve got a deep crafting system.   (Weapons,Armor,science,constructs,and so on)combined with the Skilltrees where you need to combin both to get every thing.And the game forces you to explore the world,and to take risks.Because to survive, you need to have better equip,but you need to craft it,with the propper skills and recources, so you need to level ,find the recources and you need to find the blue prints for special items.So happy time exploring,looting and grave desecration.I really love the game,and can recommend it to everyone , who wants to play a funny and adventoures game with their friends.And even if you dont like the whole survival thing, you can have much fun, with a few funny bugs here and there,the building system or the fighting system."
,Recommended,251570,21006422,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TreeHuggingCharly420,"I have been playing this game on and off for a while now and every time I come back to it I am impressed with the progress that is being made. Yes some things have changed significantly over time, User Interface, Crafting, physics ext.... But the core princple of the game has stayed the same and I believe Fun Pimps is achieving what they set out to.People need to realise that this however a server based game, servers get reset over time builds get removed and difficulty of the game is server dependant. Exculding a few spawning bugs along the way. So if it's to hard don't come crying in the reviews because your a noob, try out a handful of servers and find one to accomdate your weak play.I have not found any change in the difficulty of the game, my girl still enjoys playing it and she isn't into FPS's but if she can survive you should be able to as well. Play smart, Play safe.And for those of you waiting for VR gaming Fun Pimps has confirmed 7dtd will be compatible, looking forward to it :)"
,Recommended,251570,18849297,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,giovaniblank,"Well I love this game, one of the best I've ever played! I leave this message here for the producer of the same see, I have this hope! The only thing that discourages me is the loud sounds of the game. It is possible to hear noises of doors and forges the huge distances and this makes any base is vulnerable. If this is changed guarantee that this game will be one of the biggest sales successes of steam."
76561198051887601,Recommended,251570,20946270,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Deamonsblood,LOVE THIS GAME AND THEY ARE FIXING BUGS AND UPDATEING IT ALL THE TIME. GOOD JOB DEVS
,Recommended,251570,10060886,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,azazeldeath,"7/10 This game is great, would easily get a 10 if it was more stable. That said it is an Alpha, so don't let bugs or minor issues like that turn you off. Well worth the price.Ever watch a zombie survival movie and think, why the hell didn't they do this instead? Wouldn't it be better to build your own shelter? Or heavily fortify an existing building? Well guess what? You can do that and much much more in this game.Scavenge for food, craft weapons and items. This game has it all........And soon it will have even more no doubt."
76561198147397975,Not Recommended,251570,24776965,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,JP,Can't open it on MAC
76561198027091235,Recommended,251570,12567635,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,david271749,"This game is awesome. I've played a lot of survival games out there, and this is by far the best one. Most survival games these days are released in an alpha or beta state, purchases during these periods go towards development of the game. This is money well spent. I have never played an ""alpha"" that was this well developed. It feels to me like a finished product. I'll be playing this one for a while."
76561198077430393,Recommended,251570,12680588,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,iIR3DReaper,"I recommend this game to any player who loves DayZ and Minecraft, basically two games joined together if not better, really addictive gameplay especially if you play Co-Op with someone, or just the multiplayer in general. Worth the price!!"
,Recommended,251570,14963385,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Doom721,"I bought this game some time ago, many alpha builds before and it has come a very long way. I buy a lot of early access games and this is one of the few that actually has updated and progressed into a much better game over time.So you either start off in a prefabricated city, with set areas - or a randomly generated world with buildings strewn about into biomes ala Minecraft. Cities, forests, snowy areas, deserts etc. Seperated by rivers.The game is pretty unforgiving at times, but there are a lot, I mean A LOT of modular difficulty settings. You can change a lot of things with zombies, loot, time of day, air drops before you even get rolling.One comment I make a lot is this is the game I was personally looking for out of early alpha Minecraft. Though totally different games I expected a ""survival"" game and well Minecraft is a creative game first and foremost.You go along in 7 days, struggling to find food and water - constantly being attacked while trying to sneak away. Eventually making a safe haven. It starts to seem easy as you build up supplies, crates, beds ( spawn points ) and amass food, water. You think things are going well. This is all until you get farther along. By yourself this game is a challenge to survive if you don't build smart enough, or strong enough. Every seven days a wave of zombies come at night, each week gets harder and its in addition to all the zombie waves you attract from making tons of noise building, smell from killing etc.The game sometimes is an anti-game out to kill you depending on who you play with, or don't. You can change respawning loot settings, random gen worlds are massive and you can build above or below ground - but physics do apply in building so you can only stretch out that wooden pole platform so long before it needs supports. Supports zombies will kill. They will break♥♥♥♥♥♥so fast if it isn't durable, they are definitely a threat.I'm writing my review of this game during Alpha 10. As of exactly now performance is lacking and visually the game needed an overhaul which is coming in the upcoming build Alpha 11 and its switch to Unity 5. If you are looking for a sandbox survival game that actually encompasses survival I would say this is a fair challenge as long as you tweak the zombies up a bit, played it alone and in four player coop - with a few bugs ( sometimes you can't add in-game friends and see their marker etc ) but overall its pretty stellar."
76561197980136079,Recommended,251570,13965062,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,KLOWN,game is a blast play with a group we got a sweet base huge learning curve tho but very fun dont have alot of hours yet but really enjoy it and see my hours going up quick
76561198099269625,Recommended,251570,25437584,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Defiant Mercy,No Paid DLC.♥♥♥♥ you Ark.
,Recommended,251570,21420633,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,n7,"I love this game, i have spent a fair about of time in the game, and it ha alot of competitors, like the vetran-survival game Rust or the flashy Ark Survival Evolved and the new Hurtworld, but this game has a great community beyond what Rust or Ark could have (Hurtworld is great too) so i give this game a good ole thumbs up and buy it ifs its on sale"
76561198128965936,Recommended,251570,19984856,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✪ MasturCuddles,Its pretty fun guys as you progress because they made it even better :)
76561198138594086,Recommended,251570,19824504,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Cameron Chaffee,looks cool still too early for me to enjoy havent played for awhile recommend buying it while its cheap
,Recommended,251570,19512731,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MyMy,"'It's like a cheap Fallout 4 with friends' - I will say when it's out of Early Access. But seriously, it's too early to play this game now. On the other hand it may be outdated by the time it's released."
,Recommended,251570,12472821,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,yourfemfatal,"7 Days To Die, is similar to Rust...but its a tad more visually pleasing as well as realistic. :DA++ !!"
76561198039816239,Not Recommended,251570,24964534,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Seeker,Anyone else have an issue with the game crashing as soon as you start to walk? This game runs perfectly fine on my laptop but it hates my desktop... Does it not work with 3D graphics from NVIDIA?
76561198022963315,Recommended,251570,31833805,Posted: 18 May,all,Soberlife420,"i wish this game would run on my toaster but since a patch forever ago it couldnt run anymore solid 8.7 out of 10 however for the sheer amount of content and fun to be had on a server or with a buddy or two, im so sad i really need a new pc"
76561198052491794,Not Recommended,251570,34041453,Posted: 5 August,all,BanDHMO,"Great game idea and tons of potential, but the devs keep releasing broken and unbalanced versions that are not fun to play because you have to work around all the devs' screwups. In 2014, this was excusable as the game was still new. But almost 4 years later, you'd expect a reasonably balanced, playable game, where basic mechanics are sorted out and more content is being added. This isn't the case. The devs are continuously experimenting with different ways of doing the same things they've done before, constantly screwing it up and then fixing.I can't recommend the early access experience. Wait for final release, if there's ever one, and then evaluate it. Could be a very good game when done and properly modded."
,Recommended,251570,11066484,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[16th] Takeout,What a good game. It minecraft but with better everything and alot more stuff as well :)
,Recommended,251570,8493115,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Morfar,"One of the most suprising good games 2013,AS ALPHA, CAN'T WAIT TO SEE WHAT IT HAVE IN STORE FOR US."
,Recommended,251570,8069925,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,UndandyDan,"Great solid game, especially for a game in it's alpha stages. The zombies are aggresive, the crafting system works well, I would highly reccomend all of my friends to keep an eye on this L4D/Minecraft/DayZ hybrid."
76561198106003980,Recommended,251570,8628867,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Frodo-Synthesis,"What a extremly unquie game that has been put together here. i did alot of research on this game before buying it, and am very pleased with my purchase. 7 days to die triumphs over comparable games for a reason! compaired to other games that are very similar, this game still has many likable and  prestigious qualities that make form this game into a fun, skillfull and very new adventure amongst very dangerious and out numbering odds. 7days to die bring back a very lovable style of playing, all mindcraft fans out there that like to build and also like the survival aspect of that game but agree it lacks mosters and dangers? well 7 days to die is all of what we love about mindcraft and tower defense games with much more!!! A Zombie apocalypse, Crafting, Tower defense, Survival, Open World rpg game that incorperates a multiplayer that lets the user descide who to build an alliance, gather supplies and build a base and defenses with or on the same note who to watch out for and defend from as many players take on a pirate/ theiving role and try to take what you own!. Defende from the world or fight the world you choose, as the strugle to survive goes on in 7 days to die."
,Recommended,251570,8039619,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Lawie,"This is an interesting zombie survival game. Although it is not finished yet, it looks promising. The graphics side is a bit basic, for a big game such as this one, and i do hope in the future, it will feature more ""variants"" on items/objects. (mind you there are a lot of items/objects in the game). The gameplay is quite nice, and the multiplayer option is quite nice aswell.  It can be very confusing in the beginning. Especially with crafting. it does feature a ""guide"", but it doesn't say exactly what you need. It blinks green if u do have all the items that you can create. But you have to find out which ones. (if you manage to find it). the building and creating things is for the moment quite basic, yet satisfying to do. Combat is easy, and it's nice to see a reasonable amount of different zombies. And seeying those zombie dogs, reminds me back at the horror that happened in Raccoon city. Although the price of the  game is quite steep for an unfinished game, I would recommend to wait until the game is a bit better. I give this game a 6.5/10 for the moment, but i'm sure i will give this game a better score, once the game features all their updates."
76561198019388209,Recommended,251570,8063317,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Hatboy102,"This game is great almost no bugs , not that much to do .. yet but soon"
,Recommended,251570,8070854,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Burkett's Bacon,"Having a crap load of fun in this game,  Kinda like mixing minecraft with Stalker Call of Pripyat."
,Recommended,251570,9075117,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,heroinaddict,This game is essentially minecraft with better graphics and you need to survive through the zombie horde. This game is a blast all around and can't wait to see the gains it makes in the future.
,Recommended,251570,10651557,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CudaKiller,went with a guy looking for supplies. He digs a tunnel with a death hole and leaves me stranded. then seals me in.10/10
76561197961928270,Recommended,251570,8076485,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,KarlMonster,"In the future, a new strain of wild blueberries causes a Zombie Apocalypse. The whole world has fallen apart. Now you appear; alone, unarmed and with no supplies.You can do this! Search that car! Search what is left of the driver! Guns and ammo are not hard to find, but zombies, well - the woods are full of them! So you need more. You need equipment. You need a hunting knife, and a spiked club, then some barbed wire. You can't run forever, so you need building materials. A shovel and pickaxe would be just the thing. So how do you get those things? You make them!You start by punching a bush to get sticks. Then scavenge some scrap metal. Everyone's a zombie now, so they won't care that you just turned their lamppost into a garden hoe. Like a certain *other* game, your best hope of shelter on the first day will be to dig a hole in the ground and hide there, crying. With the pickaxe you have access to better and better building materials; now you can finally build yourself some shelter - except that the zombies can (eventually) break through stone blocks. How will you survive?More importantly, why aren't you playing this game right now?To be fair, the crafting system will baffle new players. You can only get a template to make a new item if you already have all of the components in your inventory. However, for an early access game, 7DtD already has everything that I ever wanted in Zombie Survival Horror.Edit: (Fall 2014) ... and then there was this time that I was in a house, with zombies outside beating on the walls. Then I found a motorized augur in the house, and discovered that I could use it on zombies. I didn't get out alive, but I had SO much fun trying!"
76561198043686005,Recommended,251570,8080399,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Seaver,"This game perfectly combines Minecraft and Day Z. If you are a fan of either, this is a must have."
,Recommended,251570,8458580,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Col. Rebel,"Next Gen, Zombie base building survivability game, this game has much to offer and is fun already!"
76561198009070275,Recommended,251570,8562867,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Amazing,amazing game. crafting your own defences and surviving the zombie horde!! a must buy
,Not Recommended,251570,34039345,Posted: 5 August,all,Volkun,"As of update A16 I cant seem to play the game anymore.Unbalanced zombie spawns, prefab bases dont work anymore, as zombies keep spawning everywhere.Zombies keep spawning behind you or in places you cleared before in a building.Hordes of zombies, or dogs etc spawn from time to time, to the same spot you are, very unrealistic.But most importantly isnt this, I cant play the game anymore because every single time I try to the game freezes in ""creating player"" leading me to close the game.I may change this review if all this gets fixed."
,Recommended,251570,8710911,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Nicolas :),"i LOVE IT it has really cool stuff i like how its a open world ALLof you should get this game! :DUpdate: I really loved the game back in the day i suppose but jumpng back into it i realized i loved the older graphics better, the classic game will always be better for me that is, because of all those late night stay ups were amazing, now they have a better crafting system, better mining, a new map system... the list goes on about how much they improved. Right now, I have always enjoyed Survival, zombie, crafting games....and this really did the job. I just dove into this game for a second time and i have no regrets... i love the game."
,Recommended,251570,8799063,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Felixfelicis42,"Playing sinceAlpha 6, I really have seen this game ome far and produce fast reliable updates. In depth, sensible crafting and salvaging systems add realism and depth to the world and an overall strategy forms depending on a player's goals.The smell and sound system recently added are very immersive and add a ton of strategy to the game and as far as i know they are very unique features! Minor optimization issues, a stray glitch or crash, or other things may hurt the experience, but this is all expected from an Early Acess Game. I'm very glad to pay up front and aid in the testing of this game. This is my favorite of all the zombie and/or crafting games out there hands down, and it's only going to get better with more polish, variety, and game modes!"
76561197969181818,Recommended,251570,23498994,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sir Ploppy,I love all the idiots with over 1000 hours saying this game is not worth buying. If you're so self entitled to complain after that amount of time you don't deserve to be allowed to play any games. Is it worth buying now? Maybe not. However I (along with these complaining dipsticks) have certainly ranked up enough time to say that I well got my money's worth.
,Recommended,251570,31937662,Posted: 24 May,all,MySecretWeapon,"Didn't take me 7 Days to Die... Just 7 Minutes.7/7 - Would die again.This is an excellent game. There's few zombie survival games that are quite as good as this one, especially with Multiplayer capabilities. It's a game that continues to test even the best of the best. After awhile, the zombie slaughter becomes second nature, but out of the 70+ Hours on Steam and the hundreds on XBox I can tell you that all it takes is one wrong move, one stupid mistake, and you're food.If you're looking for base building, zombie survival, with a dev team that continues to add and update the game, you've found the right one right here."
76561198011965365,Recommended,251570,14654854,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"minecraft style of game but instead of killing creepers and skeletons, you are now killing zombies!"
76561197976226535,Recommended,251570,13325273,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Grumpsatyr,"This game is way too addicting. Today I looked at my games list and saw nearly 200 hours on here. My next game didn't even crack 100. Seriously, the more they improve this game, the less hours I'll have for anything else. It's becoming a love / hate thing."
,Recommended,251570,13375702,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Shaw,This game has it all! Best I've played in years.
76561198067162446,Recommended,251570,13164294,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Deadlok,"I am updating this review as of 5/29/17. I have spent many hours in this game solo as well as with friends. This game is fun, it honestly is. There are bugs, and sometimes those are most notable after large patches. The time and effort going into this game is still extraordinary, and it gives me hope that this game will continue to improve throughout it's life span.Things I wish to see added/changed:More vehicle choices (currently minibke is only mode of transportation)Increase in melee/range weapon choices. A good number of choices, but they do still lack.. especially in melee.If you enjoy crafting/survivial games with a horde twist, I highly suggest buying this game. If this game is on sale, I wouldn't hesitate to buy a couple for yourself or a few friends."
,Recommended,251570,18104080,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,VitoScaletta,"Great game, especially since the developers are constantly working on it. awesome that you can dig HUGE underground bases.Well, this review wasn't very helpfull, so I'll go in depth of why I feel the game is worth a buy when its at full price and on sale.This  game isnt all about building a base and killing zombies/players like in DayZ.This game has a huge comunity where you can build EXACTLY what you want.Do you want a huge underground base? build it, do you want a huge base at ground level? build it.You can do so much more than just killing zombies and players, you can even pretend you are playing The Sims. This game is constantly being developed, and the developers actually pay attention to their players and do updates that fixes dupes, glitches and etc.I SERIOUSLY recommend this game, if you like zombie, survival games."
,Recommended,251570,32308908,Posted: 9 June,all,metal_max_90,"Summary: This game, in my opinion, is hands down THE best Early Access title available on Steam - I have had thousands upon thousands of hours of fun, and it definitely worth the money I paid for it back in Alpha 13, at least 100 times over.7 Days to Die is dubbed 'The Survival Horde Crafting Game' by the developers, which is pretty much accurate although there is a TON to do in the game, way more than can be described in these few words.The survival aspect is very well done. The basics are all there - food, water, body temperature, but it doesn't stop there. Making good decisions will lead to your character becoming healthier over time, increasing their longevity to turn the tides in potentially deadly situations. But, make a bad call and you may find your character crippled with deadly diseases that are hard to cure, especially in the early game. You can keep your character healthy by eating good food - hunt game out in the wilderness or try and sneak into a house to scavenge jars of drinkable water, or luck out with a can of chicken soup. Some wild plants can also be used to make wellness-raising drinks that are even better for you than just boiled water. Knowledge is power!Your character will grow more skilled over time as they partake in activities. Building, fighting, crafting, repairing, exploring and scavenging will all contribute towards your character's skills. The skills sysem is quite in-depth. At the start of the game, your character will only have the skills necessary to create basic stone tools, which aren't the best at harvesting resources. But, as your character levels up they can unlock perks to make better quality tools, do more damage with both melee and ranged weapons, scavenge more effectively, or even survive for longer between eating and drinking, which could be crucial for long journeys. The way you build your character is totally up to you and roleplaying is fun in 7 Days to Die.And what good is survival and skills, without a beautiful world to explroe? Well, no need to answer that - 7 Days has got you covered. There are currently two world types you can play. Navezgane is the default, hand-crafted map that has been developed since the game's initial release, which expands nearly every new build. It's a small-ish map, but there is still plenty to do and many places to go and explore, including four major towns filled to the brim with loot (and of course, deadly zombies!) There is also a Random Gen (RWG) option. With RWG the map is built from a seed name, and it is much larger. In the most recent patch, the RWG has been completely overhauled and looks gorgeous. Lush green forests, plains and deserts, snowy tundras, and burned down forests (and sometimes entire cities!) will all generate in RWG. You never know what you're going to get. Survive in the wilderness and build your own base, or try to follow a road to a town and clear it out to claim as your own. Every RWG is a completely different experience.So, what's the point of all this? Well, survive as long as you can, eventually thriving. Live off the land, claim it as your own. Sounds good in theory, but the zombies aren't willing to let you do that. Every 7 days, the blood moon rises, turning the sky red, storms brew. Something in the air seems to turn the zombies nasty, and I mean REALLY nasty. They will start to hunt you on the 7th night in waves, each week getting tougher and tougher than the one before. You can either build a base to defend yourself in the week leading up to it, or take them on. The best part is that the hordes are dynamic and how well you have done in the week will determine how tough the horde is. If you're a new player and don't progress as quickly, the game can recognise this and will give you less zombies to fight on a horde night. If you're a seasoned survivor, you're going to have a tougher time! This in my opinion helps keep the game extremely fun - you're always going to feel challenged.Pros:- A new experience every time.- The game settings are very customisable.- Very easy to mod the game to change or add things.- Gorgeous random world generation.- Great mix of melee and ranged combat.- Some zombies have special abilities!- Crafting is intuitive and lots of different workstations.- You can build your own base or fortify a building to survive.- Zombies aren't your only threat.- Can play multiplayer, team up with friends.- Great developers and stream team, overall great community of players.Note: This game is still in Alpha. Some complain about this, however in my opinion I'm happy for it to stay that way for as long as needed. The developers are always adding new things into the game, new mechanics are getting introduced with every alpha. We're fortunate to have a team of devs that still put in their best efforts to make the game as best it can be even after so many copies have sold. That is the mark of a dedicated development team and one I will continue to support."
76561198119405777,Recommended,251570,11185426,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Volteran,Great game to play with your friends
,Recommended,251570,13371541,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Skine,"This game is very fun IMO, because its all the types of stuff I wont into a single zombie game.  Fully breakable world.  Zombies.  Crafting. And survival!!!  Yes you may have to make a new world after each time it updates, but remeber its only in alpha so its just trying to get better and better with each update it has!!! Hope this game goes far!  I am and always will be a fan of 7 Days To Die!!!Edit: Nominate this game for the ""Test of time"" award :DA very good game, its more fun to be with others in a co-op game but single player is fun but not as much as co-op.  People that want this for PvP, DONT.  They are not making this in a mindset for PvP this is more of a PvE game."
76561198038126953,Recommended,251570,9187929,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Reber,"Fun, easy to play game.P.S.If you don't like sandbox games don't write a negative review,If you find the price to expensive, I'm sure you employer, or your future employer, thinks you are too.If you self employed, im sure people think your to expensive too.If you think.. lol too easy to criticize...Simply put, compared to a lot of other activities last 30 minutes to 2 hours; for equal the value of the game. I would  say its rather a good investment.  Often people lose sight of this."
76561198031834045,Recommended,251570,9332447,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Mostorm,"I enjoy building a fort with secret entrances, zombie kill pits, traps, and a luxury penthouse. This game has creative building, crafting, strategy, hunting, survival, farming, and zombies. One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,251570,9334556,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,EvilxMunkee,"If you are a fan of survival games (Minecraft, Rust, DayZ....) then this game may be a great choice for you. I look at it as a building miner type of game where you also try  to survive from a zombie horde. You never know if a player is friendly or hostile, and is fun to explore and (using caution) making friends!"
,Recommended,251570,9667753,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[F|H]Stronkie,Minecraft meets Walking Death meets DayZ . This game is a lot like rust. But more its little brother. This games has the potential to grow big. Let's hope their updates keep as frequent as they have done so far.
76561197986185208,Recommended,251570,9803799,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Phoenix,"I have played about 14 hours of this game so far and I love it. It's kind of a mix of The Secret World and minecraft. Its only in Alpha so I KNOW much more is coming, like more maps and more recipes etc. I have thoroughly enjoyed this game and was suprised by how much. I think they need more character customizations but that is probably coming also. It's kind of a scary game, when you are trying to find scraps of metal and all of sudden you hear a squeel of a zombie and its running at you full force. So I would say it's not for young children. You are able to create a house and/or tunnel etc scavange for items and even steal from your enemies. Even though it is in the Alpha, its going to be INSANELY fun when it's completely done. Well done for a good game. Props."
76561198029149531,Not Recommended,251570,9916066,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Radiation JaNe,"The game is fun for friends but do not expect the same when playing on Public Servers.One of the most important issues i have with this game is the map glitching.I found it thru many people and server owners that anyone can glitch the map.This ability to glitch and see people and their bases. If there is any base underground people can find it.. They can steal all your loot. They know where all your gun safes and storage boxes are. I been robbed many times by players who are able to see in your underground base you can bury your loot deep in stone and they still just dig it up easily. People are gonna say ""well now they have passcodes and lockbox."" Well then they just get mad and take out the AT4 and launch missles at it and destroy things.Okay, so you can't hide underground.. what about above ground bases? Well between the AT4, TNT, Oil Drums.. People will just plant those and blow up your base. Wait... Build your base out of concrete to prevent people from blowing up your base.. Well then they just dig holes below or under your base... Duplicate mass amounts of TNT,  Oil Drums, and then aim an AT4 and fire... with enough of the ground missing your base and everything inside of it will fall and shatter.Currently the only way to solve this problem is to either build with concrete from the bedrock up. (I think even the doors can be broken into by explosives) also If the server is Co-op only then hopefully the Server owners and admins can prevent it.If you are just gonna play with friends.. or just solo the game then you should be okay.If you like just crafting all day long and find it relaxing then i say go ahead and buy the game..I think in games like this can be fun, if you can stay concealed.I don't mind that people can raid and destroy the base. What bothers me is that it can be done by cheating and so easily.  It doesn't require any special hacks or programs to do it."
76561198039983191,Recommended,251570,9918116,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,DaggerTwoGunner,Highly reccomend this game its a great game and fun to play with a friend or your brother this is definitaly one of my favorite games the time has come for me to edit my review to say of the past few updates they have fixed many bugs and problems with the game and due to this the game runs smoother than it ever has before and all the new features they add make the game even better. the fact this is still in alpha makes me happy because there are more things to come and i would give this game a 8.5 out of 10 i highly recommend
76561198126754398,Recommended,251570,10254855,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Scotcheggs,This game is ruined entirely by dogs... NERF THEM PLEASE
76561198067883995,Recommended,251570,10478432,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,R0CKET KING,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
76561198019371497,Recommended,251570,10568210,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Debo²,"Build, Loot, Kill Zombos and WorldStar your friends!!  Very fun while playing with a group of friends."
,Recommended,251570,8793034,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Cracker Jacker,Fantastic game that is sure to be the next big hit.
76561198034917082,Recommended,251570,9184904,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Gook Nukem,This game is so good that I ate my own♥♥♥♥♥♥....nuf sad
76561198080506790,Recommended,251570,9270074,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Rest for the Wicked,A great game with even better potential.
76561198001497522,Recommended,251570,9326345,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,HODOR,best ♥♥♥♥in game ever
76561197997198161,Recommended,251570,9326530,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Stulie,"Im not going to lie this is a brilliant game and the physics are amazing, take the bottom out of a tree and the whole thing comes down, same with a house and anything else you want to build and quickly destroy, the online is fun, building a fort to defend against the many many zombs that try to kill you, updates are a little slow but Im not a dev I don’t know what goes into them, the game looks nice and is a lot of fun to play with other people, solo not so fun, I like the crafting although it says don’t need a wiki, you kinda do at first, the one problem I have is that I paid the starting price of £26.99 and now I could have bought my mate a copy for £3 more, so my advice is wait and see if they drop it again, it is a great game, but its not worth throwing money at to find out they will drop the price on you after you buy it. overall 8/10, have to see what the patches bring but wait and really think is it worth the price its at now, I wish I had of waited."
76561198044777205,Recommended,251570,9327713,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,pcccho,"Whatever the last review said, the game has been changed.Alpha 7 make it look as good as DayZ, and fun like Rust.The stealth/radar system is amazing. It feel likes playing Assassin type of game.But the game is very challenging now, basically they lower player damage and add a loot timer.I am loving it...."
76561198012071066,Recommended,251570,9821473,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Thumb Of Doom,"I was leery about 7 days to die being another World War Z: An eager post apocolyptic survival game hashed together to profit off of a fad.But Every hour I play this game I get suprised by something the devs seem to have ""gotten right"".  I was impressed by the engine's support of below ground digging and mining.  I enjoy the crafting system as I look forward to being able to create the things I find by destroying it to create a mold.  The deterioration feels a bit fast but makes you consider when to fight and when to save your resources.The best part about the game occurs when the sun goes down.   I was shocked by how much of a threat the zombies become.  My first settlement was raised far off the ground so that I could shoot the zombies below with a crossbow.  As soon as the zombies noticed the source of the damage about 6 ""spider"" zombies scale the sides of my home and left me a bloody pulp up on the roof.Frequent bugs appear accross many elements of the game but none seem game breaking.  Keep in mind that it is early alpha.I love this game.  It's a survival horror that gives me more chills than I care to admit.  It has good atmoshpere, and more terrifying enemies than many games that like to call themselves horror/survival.It has a wonderful character about it halfway between minecraft and dayz.  The content is a bit limited at the moment but I look forward to wherever the devs take it.I'd classify the game primarily as a builder, and secondly as a shooter.  It should appeal to those who enjoyed Terraria, Starboun, and Minecraft but with a more enjoyable combat interface.I don't often find myself bored but when I do, I realize it's only due to my own lack of creativity.  At any rate, I'm never bored for long, as the next sunset is shortly on its way."
,Recommended,251570,10143207,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,GLORIOUS,Less broken than DayZ and extremely fun. 7/10
,Recommended,251570,10212421,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Я люблю член,"If minecraft and DayZ ♥♥♥♥ed, this would be their offspring."
76561198042812061,Recommended,251570,10554614,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,upload420,bad♥♥♥♥♥game. waiting on more updates before i play anymore but i will be playing again that is for sure. I hated how dayz was permadeath. Its a good game design but i just don't have time for that kind of game. So 7 days 2 die has everything that dayz was lacking.
,Recommended,251570,10566437,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hammerflame,Nice Survival game.Also lots of fun playing multiplayer with a friend.
76561198083374420,Not Recommended,251570,31951765,Posted: 25 May,all,De York,"This game is amazing, it hasa lot of stuff to do alone or with your friends, hours of fun and a lot of mods to improve the game experience.BUT: It works really bad, a lot of glitches that interfere with the game, dissapearing items, backpacks glitching through the world... And that for a desktop user, if you have a laptop, just don't buy the game, it will burn it to ashes even at the lowest video settings, with graphics like a 30 year old 3D game. In some 2016 1000$ laptops from friends the game won't even launch. It has a LOT to be repaired since too much time.In short, buy it for a desktop, not for a laptop, it doesn't matter how good this last one is."
76561198139897246,Not Recommended,251570,22724363,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Emmm,Really wish I could play this game without it crashing every 30 seconds.
,Not Recommended,251570,22712449,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Jerond,"Game was fun when it worked, Currently game crashes within 30 seconds of loading every time."
,Recommended,251570,20486628,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TaxPayer,"I have not owned the game very long (purchased it during the black friday sale). From what I have played so far, I have had a lot of fun with it. I am not much of a person for single player games, I like something with co-op/multiplayer feel to it, and myself and 3 people have been playing together since I began (2 of the others have played for over a year).Since I have not played prior to Alpha 12, I cannot compare it. I wouldn't want to, with any program or game that is in a development phase, the game will be evolving. Whether it makes things better or worse, it seems like it is going in the right direction. I cannot wait to see what is in store for their future updates. I love this game and hope to keep on enjoying it!"
76561198139512643,Not Recommended,251570,20588684,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[RCF]MikeTheElectricFencePence,"I can not reccomend this game to anyone. The price is ridiculous for what you're getting, and I couldn't get a refund on it because I had to get used to the terribleness of it for a couple of hours. So, where to we start?-The graphics are utterly HORRIBLE, well, not necessarily the graphics, but the lighting of the game just feels AWFUL-The UI Is Klunky as♥♥♥♥♥♥ it feel's wierd and just looks plain ugly.-The audio is very bad, a bunch of low quality sounds mashed together in what they call a game.-The movement feels awful, it's very unresponsive to my keyboard, slow, and just, bad.-And finally the zombies, yes I was expecting a hardcore survival, (As in, lots of zombies that deal high damage, and maybe have a little increase in health) But the Zombies AI system is bad as well, and imagine all of the regular zombies as a tank from left 4 dead 2. It's ridiculous, I got an axe, I counted how many hits it took to INCAPACITATE a zombie, not even killing it! It came in at around 23 hits to upperbody. Again, I was expceting a hardcore zombie survival, but I didn't get that.I truly hate writing negative reviews for things. Whenever I do, I think to myself, ""If I can't make something better, than why can I say negative things about it?""Once they fix these issues, it'll be a very fun survival. Just not right now, to end this review on a positive note, I'll say the one think I liked about this game.+Crafting, there's a ton of it."
,Not Recommended,251570,21017868,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ToTheHopeless,"If you're looking for an Early Access game wtih active devs, I don't think I've ever seen another one with such consistent updates. They're always adding/changing something.If you're into survival and crafting and happen to have a lot of patience for running around in empty places for very long stretches, you might enjoy this.I've tried very hard to enjoy it, but I guess I don't have the patience. It seems I always spawn in the middle of nowhere. I run for 15-30 minutes but I never seen anything besides bombed out houses and burned up forests.I watched a lot of Let's Plays on youtube (which led to me buying this) and they seemed to always find little towns with lots of houses to explore. I've never found one. Just boimbed out houses and burned up forests. x]For me personally, this game always feels like a waste of time. Lots of running, but never discovering anything significant. But again, if you're into that sort of thing, you might enjoy it. From what I've gathered, there's a pretty deep crafting system with lots of recipes and upgrades, but again, I just haven't had the patience to hunt through purgatory for hours to find the materials."
,Recommended,251570,22294599,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Grizz,"This is by far one of the best games I've played for PC.  I come from the MMORPG background and can give only praise to the developers and community surrounding it.  For an early access game, still in alpha, it is VERY playable.  The diverse gameplay that's available can make it easy to become addicted.  If you like the building aspects of a game, 7dtd delivers.  If you like zombie hunting, 7dtd delivers.  If you like the challenge of making your character better in game in the ""ranking"" system, 7dtd delivers.  The possibilities are endless."
,Recommended,251570,20165253,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PsychoDragon22 [Rewards.GG],Amazing Voxel game.
,Not Recommended,251570,20128745,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tenderkaj,"I tried this game on a friend's account about 2 years ago. At the moment, I didn't like it, but I liked the concept. Then, I bought it some months ago, and tried it on my PC in multiplayer with my friends.And the game was laggy as hell. Alright, it was on high/medium settings, but with an high end gaming PC I can't lag on medium. Come on."
76561198111037817,Recommended,251570,20160817,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Helljumper343,"This is kind of a late review, as I bought the game a long while back.Gameplay: GreatDoes it run well?: Yes, and the requirements are quite lowGraphics: Meh (Graphics don't matter to me personally)Player Interaction: Not much (It's mostly just kill on sight, and good luck even finding players)Singleplayer is fun.Multiplayer isn't really that different from singleplayer."
,Recommended,251570,20178563,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KrzychU #GG *****,Great  ;)))
,Recommended,251570,20490809,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,LadyChambers85,"I love and hate this game. I'm not a zombie fan at all, I was convinced by my loving husband it would be fine. (I just love this game, you can turn zombies off, yay. Now its just survive.)We found a underground bunker which we thought we would be safe. We wasn't safe at all. We became hunted, we tried fighting. There was just so many of them,  The night of the Red Moon is when the fear begins...We worked hard on fortifying our base.My loving husband loves going on adventures so of we trotted, he finds a house. We go inside, the house collapses I die.Back again lower stats, we go for a wonder ""oh a cave"" my husband said eagerly, he goes exploring I chop wood. ""I'm terrified of zombies and i'm all alone. it's getting dark.""My husband trapped in the cave he found I try to help and I slip in. Ouch a broken leg. We try getting out, then a zombie hunted us I die.Me and my husband have a real argument about his adventures and my deaths we stopped playing for a week lol.When we returned my husband still down the hole, me in the bunker. I chose to stay.All in all a fantastic game, love how everything has been put together. Even more terrfied of zombies"
,Recommended,251570,22531768,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,GameShare,Since the Newest Update This game has become Something NEw and EPIC NO BUGS just Smooth GAMEPLAY NO LAG!!! PERFECT finally that game is PERFECT to play!!!!!!!!!!! Good job with it! now i can play With my friends more
76561198067832406,Recommended,251570,32495577,Posted: 16 June,all,Myro,"Of all the survival crafting games I've played, this one is done the best. You don't suffer from a lack of goals, because every 7 days you have a focus. You can play PVE and PVP pretty successfully, and the environment is pretty versitile and realistic in terms of modification. The zombies are a fun challenge for a good amount of time, and other players are a challenge that never goes away.The dev's have done a great job at continuing to develop and improve. This latest update has a ton of new features that I didn't even know I wanted until now.The hours I've spent in this game speak for themselves."
76561198030949982,Recommended,251570,20152841,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,toastman,It would be impossible to not recommend this title on sale.. My only concern is they keep reworking the core mechanics to hide the fact that they cant propperly finish this thing..
76561198041825631,Recommended,251570,20412572,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sivid,"Game is getting better days by day! Each update gives new possibilities, new choices of how one can play the game. The craft base system gives you the feeling you are on your own, the need for scavenging, finding items. Each 7th day is a struggle to survive, which makes the game even better. You can build houses, decor, bases, military fences, new post apo technology stuff, and even vehicles. Visuals are great, phisics is well done, this is the first game I was able to kill a Zombie with falling tree! This game is easy to enjoy, and still growing, with gigatic potential of becoming one of the greates games out there."
76561198038079964,Recommended,251570,20890703,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jarron,Game has come along way and hopefully shall not disappoint
,Recommended,251570,20310545,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Darkives,Love the new updates.So far this is still the best of the survival/crafting games on steam
76561198097569162,Recommended,251570,20451506,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SHADOW,I love the game so much but if they fix the bugs and add some updates it's going to be wonderful.
,Recommended,251570,20833539,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ExtraKip 1402,it´s good
,Recommended,251570,20367153,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mustard Potato Gaming,7 days to die is a great game but do more improvements. And Fix the bugs specially the character resets randomly and the map bug! Thanks! More Improvents 7days to die :)
76561198141011887,Recommended,251570,20635071,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,THEGRIFFIN,"Playing this game over the past year, through the different stages of development, it has been a fun ride and has not ceased to bore me (besides mining for resourses). I've spent many hours and days playing and I can bet that when this game is released, it will be on the top charts for a while. It has the crafting of minecraft and the badass-ness of DayZ; there are bugs, but hey it's alpha and still playable/ enjoyable. I recommend this to any zombie, survival, or open world fan out there."
76561197987847562,Recommended,251570,20815305,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dephenistrator,"dear god, if you like zombie games and hardcore scavenge survival then buy this freaking epic game!"
76561198046764322,Recommended,251570,21350573,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,lolki,"Some small kinks for developers to work out still but very playable, smooth & entertaining as is. I'm excited for the future of this game!"
76561197992704529,Recommended,251570,20004821,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Milhouse Spring Break,"What can I say about 7 days? It largely depends on how you intend to play it.As a single player experience, it's tough, inconsistent and has no end-game play. Once you've firmly established a base you're pretty much done. You can keep challenging yourself through increased difficulty tweaks (the game has endless options for servers) but it's going to be largely the same game. Tweaks to the game's RNG have made survival very dependent on random chance, to say nothing of the little bugs here and there that still hamper gameplay. It's okay, I guess. It's harder than minecraft with a little less to do.As a persistant multiplayer experience ala Day Z or Rust, it's bad. Guns are very hard to acquire and most players I've found are very reluctant to engage in the no-holds-barred PvP that you see in a game like Day Z. If everybody cooperates against the environment it quickly trivializes any difficulty the game may have. It's entirely possible to build an impenetrable fortress before the first 7 day horde arrives at which point - why even bother?However, as a multiplayer experience played solely with one or two other people the game can be pretty satisfying; it maintains some of its single-player difficulty without being steamrolled under the heel of a dozen players rolling on the RNG. I think this is probably the best 7D2D experience.The game is still in early access and subject to change. A lot of the little things in the game that will nag at you have been in the game in some form through several builds and the game will continue to be semi-stable until release. Give it a try with a couple of friends, or don't bother; it's not really good unless you absolutely love minecraft style games and have to collect them all."
76561198202182824,Not Recommended,251570,20019888,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ChAsEmAn509,"Honestly I dont reccomend this game if your looking for a good Zombie Survival game, I kno wmany people who dont either, the game itself just isnt realistic and everything jut looks unprofessional, even with the graphics quality all the way up the game still looks like a 13 year old did the designs."
,Recommended,251570,20161191,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Frozenqueen_sr,One of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,251570,18806849,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DarkCrow,"Brilliant game. Bought it a few days ago and already closing in on 40 hrs. Being in alpha it sure surprises how well it's made and how little issues there seems to be. Sure, there are some glitches here and there but for an alpha this is way above what I expected compared to earlier experiences.If I was to summarise the game I'd say that this is Minecraft for adults. It's got a wide variety of things you can do. Everything from building and mining to just plain mayhem. I'm fortunate enought to play with a group of people I've played with before and being many on a server makes it fun. I've tried to play solo a few times and it easily becomes boring or just too hard. But I'm sure that with time the community will grow and the game will develop to a state where solo play also is as fun.Well worth the money if you ask me."
,Recommended,251570,20030316,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,♪♫♪chaoshound12♪♫♪,"If you like building this game has it, if you like adventure and exploring, this game has it, if you like killing zombies then this game is for u. As well as being a whole new game after most updates theres always an insane amount of things to do. Espiecially on the 7th day When you get a surprise visit. Definately worth it even when its still early alpha. Gonna get better ofcourse down the line but I think its really fun right now"
76561198202422793,Not Recommended,251570,20016619,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cyber,Do not get. Is not good. Pls do urself a favor and don't do it. k bye. <3
76561198137192154,Recommended,251570,10245903,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,S1r Sc0ffal0t,this game is amazing so much fun but there is a couple of bugs that need fixing like when i am playing my game crashes and it comes up with an error code but it is deffernatly worth ur money to buy this game.
,Recommended,251570,10269458,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Downsy csgospeed.com,"There isn't much to be said that hasn't already - This game is incredible! I've been playing 80 hours now, and have yet to find a single moment I was bored, or didn't have anything to do.I mostly decided to write this up real quick to say how impressed I am with the developers. They're pumping out QUALITY updates incredibly often, with tons of content and fixes. They've done more patches in a month than most games do in a year. Even in Alpha stage, this game could be released AS IS and be incredible.(5/5) - Everyone needs to try this game out. Even if you hate crafting, there's more to do than just sit around building all day."
76561198078305406,Not Recommended,251570,23534767,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ephonic0153,"Bought this game, Have tried everything. I am on Mac and I cannot even start single player. Just constant 'Building Environment', and the game stops responding. Have not found a fix, and to what I can find, this game has constant trouble on Mac. If the developers can not make it playable on Mac, then remove the compatability on Steam."
,Recommended,251570,14869085,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,It's better than Rust. Need I say more?
,Recommended,251570,12732301,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,♋ - Gaius Baltar,This game made me value toilet water and shrug off the effects of dysentery 10/10.
76561198042870067,Recommended,251570,31873371,Posted: 20 May,all,Justin #/\/\,Hands down the funnest game I've played. Don't let my 77 hours playtime discourage you from reading this review. I have somewhere between 500-600 hours played on the PS4. That being said the amount of things to do in this game is literally ENDLESS but if you do find yourself at a standstill their are mods to help counter that. I don't see myself quiting this game anytime soon. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198004716133,Recommended,251570,25848106,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dragonbored,"This game is a Blast! Every Update it gets better and better...  Yeah its not a pretty as The Forest, but its got a lot going on..... Short Review  Get This game its well done"
,Recommended,251570,8605738,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Drafu,Good starter. Hope to see more
76561198179345642,Recommended,251570,19880528,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mrpotatoeface,"1st night: is that a zombie, OH NO THAT IS A ZOMBIE2nd nightr: ok i have a club and a bow with some arrows i think ill take him on5th night:ok so i have found some gun parts and i think ill make a base7th night:why is there footsteps outsi-OH DEAR GOD"
76561198227740668,Not Recommended,251570,22856635,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,jonathantwhitehead42,every since the new update I havent got to play. I played it once and was like  this  game is cool. then bought it and got an update crashes ethier 20 seconds into playing or on loading screen. guess ill have to wait for the update to fix this.
,Not Recommended,251570,33300451,Posted: 5 July,all,Barry the Ballin' Bear,"Micro stutters out the♥♥♥♥♥GTX 10806600k @ 4.4ghzRuns like♥♥♥♥♥♥in SP,MP,MP on a dedicated server.Game runs like absolute ****ing garbage.Tried 6 different builds of this game, tried running in GLrendering options, tried running windows, low settings, high settings, tried nvidia control panel fixes, tried launch option fixes. NOTHING WORKS."
,Recommended,251570,8134013,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Semp,"It's been a long while since my original review, and in that time the game has changed greatly. What once looked like a minecraft clone has grown into one of the first games to manage procedural generation in a non-voxel world.Now more than ever I recommend this game. It's fun solo, but even better when you get in with a PvE community and start networking. It becomes about who has access to lots of clay, ores, and wood fairly quickly creating a supply and demand barter economy that's rather fun. Building large bases to fend off zombie hordes with one or multiple friends is rewarding, especially with a recent combat revamp that makes killing zeds that much more satisfying.I'd like to point out the interactivity of the developers. As of this writing it's been a couple of weeks since the last major release, and they've spent that interim time patching the hell out of the game so it would work perfectly. Hell, they gave us a patch on Christmas Eve!In short, this game is fun and worth your time. The developers have built trust with the community, and there's a lot of flexibility in how you can make the experience your own. And of course, if you're that guy who likes to murder and rob people for their canned goods, their is PVP as well (;Just play it."
76561198030950457,Recommended,251570,8116375,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,haavardxd99,goood game
,Recommended,251570,8128051,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Nomad,"I don't understand what can be wrong with this game...I feel like im playing minecraft but more in depth, zombies, guns, and more. I have no lag (8G RAM and i5 processor) I have plenty to do (if you are creative). I would get this game and plus...its only in alpha, there is more to come!"
,Recommended,251570,8482892,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Samulai Itamian,"After Playing almost on Week straight to test this game out, since now finally get its release on steam, i must say its one of the most worthwhile early access i've bought so far.I recommend this even thought it got some legit negative reviews, its because it is one game worthy calling themself survival + zombie unlike other game titles like WarZ or DayZ and such.I also recommend this game only to those who like to play co-op with friends, since its way more fun playing with friends then doing this alone. If you are more into the PvP please do not buy this, cause its in his current state i dont see any good pvp future for that. I'll update this, if new features are implemented. For now, its worth the money during the wintersales!Cheers"
,Recommended,251570,8564364,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Trouvo,"*gets out of cold showerBrilliant game, think Minecraft meets Left4Dead meets Dayz/Rust, and thats as close as you are gonna get.  The game mechanics from crafting, mining, surviving to the whole voxel based structures and structural integrity and the only word i can get out being so speechless is ""WORTH"".   Anyone who has enjoyed any of the games i mentioned above would fall in love with this one.  If anything I would say you better get it now while its only $35usd, because this deserves a AAA price tag upon completion, based on all there is so far and it is only in Alpha....I CANT WAIT.Obviously there are some major bugs and some people have had issue getting it to work, but if I can get it to work on the computer at work, with only 2gb of ram and a crappy work PC, there is nothing stopping you from being able to play it other than knowing how to get it to run, which is in the forums.   For nubs that expect a perfect game just cuz they bought it don't buy this game....you obviously don't understand what alpha is....so many people in forums saying they want a refund cuz of the bugs....*FACEPLANET.ALL THE THUMBS UP FOR THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,251570,8775808,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Bryceisboss,It is a good game buy they need to fix how every time you exit out of a server you lose all your items.
76561197970924573,Recommended,251570,9073373,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ramok1,It’s a lot of fun to build and defend your position against the crazy zombies that go psycho at night.  It’s a work in progress so yeah sometimes the zombies clip into your hide out and light don’t calm them down. It’s a great challenge to build your defenses and try to survive the night. When night falls pray for the sun to rise!
76561198036810590,Recommended,251570,9187727,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,updogdrew,"Like any Alpha version, it has its issues. Yet, this feels better than other games that I have played in their Alpha states."
76561198030769562,Recommended,251570,8957346,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,nickperrino,"The old proverb goes ""Sharpen a stick, and you will be invincible"""
76561197972756637,Recommended,251570,9188207,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sgt. DickFingers,"Spent a considerable amount of time digging all the way to the bedrock. Could still hear zombies as though they were right next to me. Zombies are excellent ventriloquists. Or superb miners themselves. ZombieCraft has potential though, looking forward to final release; keep at it devs."
76561198111896797,Recommended,251570,9785947,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,highfire,only one problem with this game for my pc IT LAGS SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,251570,9826382,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Eto,"Game is alright but not ready for retail yet.You crash regularly during play,   and the game doesn't have a passive save running in the background during 1p mode.   When the game crashes, you lose all your progress.   It is a very game breaking problem and I do not suggest buying the game until it is more stable."
,Recommended,251570,10323441,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ToMiLeGend™[FFS],AWESOME Game Try it Out!!! ^_^Join our server we are the only South African Server.South African 7 Days to DieEnjoy
,Recommended,251570,19342157,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vapious,"Great Game. They really need to fix a lot of things and add a lot though, I really hope that they dont take our money and leave us in the dark, really hope they finish the game :)"
76561198036086903,Not Recommended,251570,30958544,Posted: 5 April,all,Zadraax,"I played 7 Days to die a while ago and stopped once already.This game is really good in it's core mechanics and you can build almost everything from scrap, even in ""late"" game it will surprise you through recipes you didn't guessed before. The level up system is quite good and force every new players either to scaly build stuff from stone > wood > iron > forge iron > steel creating a real crafting rewarding environment.You may be lucky enough to find some good stuff through looting but as it is also degradable finding steel tool will only gime you a timely advantage if you're still stuck on iron (because you can't repair).All action in 7DTD will reward you with experience that will allow you to unlock new crafting knowledge or core competencies (bargaining, survivability,...)It may seems at first that you spend more ressources than you get, but with better tools comes better rewards.The turnoff in this game for me are zombies. I have to admit I am not openminded about zombies and dislike anything that could be else than running, walking and crawling zeds. Here you will encounter spitting zed, dogs zed, spider human zed,... for a classic zombie lover I was surprise to see thoses zed almost not being damage by my traps and climbing the walls my fortress.Dog zeds are the bigest pain in the a** to me as at the current time they are unpredictable. Once they spot you they will charge in straigh line making it easy to shoot, unless it's on damaged ground. In that case they will dash right and left untill they get to then will proced to maul you to death while jumping right and left making it so hard to defend yourself in melee combat. They're are ways to defeat them like running backward like shooting but meh,...Of course it's worse when you fall on a zombie dog pack.It as to be had to a poor zombie spawning management and IA with zed sometimes going explicitely for you base, zeds spawning zeroed on you, zeds finding you even if you're below earth, not moving, not doing a thing.I played with minimum zed spaws and overall easy settings. I would like to personalise which zeds I would encounter much more. I would love to increase zeds spawning, but if it comes with more weirdo, that's a no.Surviving, crafting and leveling do really takes enough time already. That would be fair not be mauled by unsane zed that randomly spawn all around.Therefore, recommanding the game for the crafting and survival aspect, but the zeds still need a lot of work (or options) and ruin the game to me.(Additionnal notes: the game is still in A15 and run moderatly good (playable medium FPS but sometimes FPS droprate). It crashed sometimes, for me, once every 2 or 3 hours.)"
76561198034395349,Not Recommended,251570,24788732,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,EdemonQ,"FULL OF HACKERS!If this game was fair, it would have been fun, Playing with a friend in a server (EAC) anti cheat was really fun.Surviving and working together to make a base.However you see random hackers going thru walls and destroying everything you have.Playing standalone is not as fun.Buying a server to play with your friend is not worth it.Unless there is more protection against hackers.Dont buy it.Hackers love to ruin the games and the EAC is just a fluffy protection. reports to steam based on their steam_ID do not work at all."
,Recommended,251570,25226845,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Reaper,My fiance told me to play this game. I was a bit iffy at first. Now after a night of playing this game with him on his Playstation 4 I am addicted and had to buy it for myself on Steam.
,Recommended,251570,9019878,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Cmdr Eno,"This game is NOT finished, but it is soooo exciting where it is headed.  Excellent for teaming up with people you know and trust and being  creative building."
,Recommended,251570,9326031,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,RODE_85,"I highly recommend this game its really fun. You use can craft rocks, plants, trees and many more items into things you need. My favorite part about this game is building a home, also digging your way underground to keep you and your stuff safe. The hardest parts of the game is first starting out if you are new and you don't know what your doing and at night when the zombies are faster and crazier."
76561197979402731,Recommended,251570,8651131,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Zatio,"Fun game, allot better in warz in many ways but dc or leave the game and lose all your stuff so not a 10/10 more like a 7/10 if they fix the current issues then for sure a 10/10 :)I recommend the game 100%"
,Recommended,251570,9898721,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,zer0n,♥♥♥♥ing zombies!...This can be incredibly hard. Should be loads of fun once they have fixed the bugs and officially release. Watch this space!
,Recommended,251570,21440622,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Immaculatedis,"If you're the type of person who likes survivle style games with lots of exploration and/or building options? i definitly reccomened this game.while its got a bit of a learning curve(and its admitedly not the most beautiful game out there), once you get the hang of it this game really draws you in and keeps you there. i dont play the multiplayer side of this game so i cant speak for that, but i was worried about buying this game as i only wanted to play it single player, i thought that maybe it would get monotonus and boring. but i havent gotten bored yet and i dont forsee that happening any time soon."
76561198046360585,Recommended,251570,20147922,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lootin Spookin I Suck At Shootin,There is not a better game of its genre out there
,Not Recommended,251570,21332002,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,KanyeMiddlEast,"I originally got the game because it looked really fun when watching youtubers play it. However, this is one of those games where its fun to watch, but not very fun to play. I wish i could ennjoy this game, but i just can't, I even got a second copy for a friend and they didn't like it either. I know they've been patching the game, but it always seems just broken, even after so long."
76561198052351470,Not Recommended,251570,22217098,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Krampus,"The game is fun Il give you that, at least it was till 14 came out and my EAC stopped working and the picture was up side down, now 14.2 is out and Im still having these problems. So much for the big release. Now my choice is stop playing or revert to 13.8. I will not be recommending your games to my friends."
76561198057912662,Not Recommended,251570,22345918,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The Turtle Man,Looks like a toddler made it if that toddler were blind.
,Not Recommended,251570,20511400,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＶＯＺＨＤ,just a meme game from 2013
76561198079516923,Not Recommended,251570,20544024,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GOAT,"This game has been out for a while and updated frequently, but overall I would have to say that this game is not the greatest but not the worst of the survival game genre. I only have spent a few hours on it, but it just gets way too boring. The servers on it you can barely build anywhere because the land is taken and owned by another player. If there was a neutral button I would rate it that."
76561198128862254,Not Recommended,251570,21107792,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,mityrka,just boring
76561197976516490,Not Recommended,251570,21431930,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,&The3Bears!,Dear 7d2d dev team... why cant i block melee attacks? that is all...
76561198168547291,Recommended,251570,20017700,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HowToStrafe,"This game made me feel the same as my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ after ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, if I ate 29 ghost peppers in one sitting. If this where a puppy I would have is beheaded. I would rather hang myself from a lightpost than play this game.......... my eyes hurt right now. I will be seeing a therapist soon. Jesus Christ would have condemned this game to hell. Simply put it is bad enough to make a child kill himslef."
,Not Recommended,251570,21258020,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Reet77,"DISLIKE. It takes hours to get good to the point where zombies dont just freacking mob up on you like wtf dude,this game is so badly made that it dosent run well WAAAAAAY over priced for a crappy game like this."
76561197986907221,Recommended,251570,22304711,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Lord Craven,"Alpha 15 is the biggest update to an already amazing game.The game has some real balance to it and a fair challenge once again.The only downside is a few terrain glitches, but aside from that, The Pimps are releasing content on a regular basis.If you dont already own this game, buy it."
,Recommended,251570,10261006,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Tahit | Crunchy-,"this game has come a LONG way since its first release it has a lot of potential and right now it is a REALLY underrated game it needs more of a player base before i can truly say what it is like since i have only been playing solo but yeah it is worth getting now and they are continually adding heaps to this game, friend me and add me on steam if u wish to play wth somebody"
76561197987547453,Not Recommended,251570,26073285,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,goemagog,"A building/crafting zombie game where whatever you build gets erased because the creators of the game do not make the updates backwards compatible defeats its own purpose.  Wait until it is out of 'alpha', then try it."
,Recommended,251570,13448990,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ivanx,"7dtd is an amazing game. A bit sharp at the beginning, it gets you sucked in more and more with every next minute. Making a zombie survival minecraft was originally a great idea, and devs sure gave that idea a solid support.Here are main ideas:- at day you: scavange, build, fortify, hunt, craft, melt, mine- at night you hide in your lair trying to make the least noise possible, and if you were unlucky enough to hit night far away from base - sit on some roof hoping nothing comes for you, and not moving an inch. Zombies at night are feral, fast and deadly- everything is destructible, from most items you get back scrap materials, sometimes even the whole thing to reuse, but not everything is worth scrapping, you lose axe/pick durability, stamina and time to scrap items, some of them don't give you back as much- even ground is destructible up to 64 levels below water level, that is called mining, you can make tunnels, mine minerals and refine them into metals, powder.- zombies can surprise you, so you should stay vigilant all the time, unless you've made a solid house and is currently camping in it- water, food and diseases are another thing to be worried about when not fighting zombies- grid-based crafting with hundreds recipes, more are comming up with periodic updates- create or find medicine, create or find food, create or find clothes/armor- farm to get fresh veggiesDownsides:- the first glance at the game is a bit unappealing, graphics seem a bit outdated, but after you played it for a few hours it already seems awesome. Graphics are at half-life2 level, maybe. so 2008-ish. Don't expect crysis/far cry 3-like textures.- zombies sometimes get confused, especially when your base is built on a pilar (no exterior walls touching the ground, but i guess they are brainless creeps, so why would they know they need to destroy a pillar somwhere to collapse it?- currently if you set something cooking, refining or grow plants, trees, the progress stops as soon as you run too far from it, and no players pass by. As for cooking not only it would stop, but also the wood would still burn out - while no progresss to cooking is made,- items sometimes ""drop"" without player noticing, and all the dropped items disappear after 1 minute. So If you craft something in huge amounts and have no space in inventory. Once you open inventory all the stuff that can't be placed will be dropped on the ground silently. Same for accidently right clicking while selecting item. Also if your items are stored in a crate or any other container, once the container is destroyed, items will disappear. Hopesfuly devs would fix those inconveniences.- i've heard stories about waves of cheating, fortunately i've only been playing with friends and on protected servers, so i have yet to meet any.All the downsides do not affect gameplay much, but it would be perfect without them.Should you buy this game, if you're a fan of survivals or minecraft? - YES, absolutely!Should you wait for sale to buy it as cheap as a sandwich? - Wtf are you thinking!? Gather all your money in a cardboard box and send it to devs right NOW. Gabe already took enough of your money!Warning: this game is so addictive that you might lose your sleep, because you would not be able to stop think about it anymore"
,Recommended,251570,8805443,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Lion,"If you're looking for a game that actually makes you feel like you're in a zombie apolocolypse, you've found it!!"
76561198065269555,Not Recommended,251570,17739411,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ᴰᵃᵛᶤᵈ,"Pros: Lots to craft, many weapons.Cons: Poor graphics, poor animation, shortage of buildings."
76561198111419251,Recommended,251570,12649959,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,isaacmichael9,AMAZING GAME! Only problem I had was the animals glitching on the water and turning in circles.... And the graphics of some parts of the game could use improvements. It is a little tricky at first and confusing but once you get a hold on it there is no stopping you! It has absolutely amazing crafting recipes and are very in depth. The developers have done an amazing job with the crafting system and im sure have more in store! 7 Days To Die is an amazing work in progress that i am sure will blow your mind away. 10/10 for me! :)
76561198023959214,Recommended,251570,14603537,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DEATH,very good game for hours of game play
76561198057046664,Recommended,251570,12660292,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,CruelHornet,REVIEW HAIKUPatrol with shotgunZombies are toleratedPlayers shot on sight
,Recommended,251570,27775109,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,booney,sometimes i like to think that during WW2 the japanese developed a super weapon named 'anime'. it specifically targets virgins and is used to spread autism across the west
,Not Recommended,251570,24070878,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Stoltverd,"EDIT 2: Sooooo. Stupid me. Since i asked for a refund i couldn't post the link to the video: HERE IS IT:https://youtu.be/xn33uUjBZhsWould appreciate if someone could post it in the discussion pageEDIT: I forgot to add. it's been in early access for 3 years. The current state of the game doesn't show all that time in my opinion. And there is not even an official tentative date for a release. it's not even in beta. it's alpha. I don't like that.I can't play it. There is a strange effect very similar to the fisheye effect. I can't play it without feeling dizzy. I've tried changing the FOV. It wasn't it.The mountains seem to move when you turn the camera, the artwork is inconsistent, quality is inconsistent, it's an INCONSISTENCY GALORE!!!!!Also the devs are not very communicative here in steam... If you want to track the development and interact with it (the whole point of early access) you have to go to their forums... And that is not stated in the store page. I find that unacceptable.I actually had a very long discussion with the community about a lot of stuff including this. All of it, including a link to a video showing my problem should be there (uploading as I write this).Discussion:http://steamcommunity.com/app/251570/discussions/0/358416640396319651/?ctp=2I can't recomend it in it's current state. It's sad... there is nothing like it in the market... I mean... Drinking water can make you sick if it's dirty! HOW COOL IS THAT?????"
76561198011693185,Recommended,251570,8049247,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,bullock666145,"For being an early access game, with only the basic concepts implemented.. I am abundantly impressed with what has been delivered so far."
76561198314416361,Not Recommended,251570,23976238,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,tonywangsa,"stupid game , dont buy it !! lag , bug and crash not fixed"
,Recommended,251570,31928762,Posted: 23 May,all,umop apisdn,"7 Days to Die has redefined the survival genre, with unrivaled crafting and world-building content. Set in a brutally unforgiving post-apocalyptic world overrun by the undead, 7 Days to Die is an open-world game that is a unique combination of first person shooter, survival horror, tower defense, and role-playing games. It presents combat, crafting, looting, mining, exploration, and character growth, in a way that has seen a rapturous response from fans worldwide. Play the definitive zombie survival sandbox RPG that came first. Navezgane awaits!GAME FEATURESExplore – Huge, unique and rich environments, offering the freedom to play the game any way you want with many unique biomes.Craft – Craft and repair weapons, clothes, armor, tools, vehicles, and more with nearly 400 recipes.Build – Take over a ruin, or build from the ground-up. Design your fortress to include traps and defensive positions to survive the undead - the world is fully destructible and moldable.Cooperate or Compete – Work together cooperatively to build settlements or work against each other raiding other player’s bases, it’s really up to you in a wasteland where zombies and outlaws rule the land.Create - Unleash your creativity and build the ultimate world by yourself or with friends. Enjoy unlimited access to nearly 400 in-game items and 1,200 unique building blocks in creative mode.Improve – Increase your skills in a multitude of active and passive disciplines. 7 Days to Die is the only true survival RPG with nearly 50 multi-tiered skill and perk groups.Choose – Play the Navezgane campaign world, or dive back in with friends in a randomly-generated world with cities, towns, lakes, mountains, valleys, roads, caves and wilderness locations. The possibilities are infinite with over 300 locations.Combat – Encounter a wide variety zombie archetypes including special infected with unique behaviors and attacks.Survive – Experience real hardcore survival mechanics with over 45 buff boosts/ailments along with dynamic cold and hot weather to contend with.Destroy – Buildings and terrain formations can collapse under their own weight from structural damage or poor building design.Loot – Scavenge the world for the best guns, weapons, tools, armor, clothing, and vehicle parts which have quality ranges which govern attributes to provide hundreds of thousands of item permutations.Quest – Find dynamic treasure maps left by survivors and dig for real buried loot. Discover quest notes and complete them for rewards and skill points.Customize – Create your own character or pick a preset and customize in-game even more with a huge selection of clothing and armor you can craft or loot in the world.Drive – Enjoy the badass vehicle system where you find all the parts, learn all the recipes and craft and augment your own vehicle.Farm or Hunt – Plant and grow gardens for sustainable resources or head out into the wilderness and hunt wild animals."
76561198051869460,Recommended,251570,9009924,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,A AIDED MONKEY,fuuucckkin rights !!!!! beast game
,Recommended,251570,9173336,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Fen♥,So fun but i suggest u play with friends
,Recommended,251570,8873481,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,chiken,This is a great game but I think it should go on sale because the price is pretty high at the moment :|
76561198031973707,Not Recommended,251570,19824818,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Eleazaros,"Don't be misled by that starting video - the game doesn't look much like that anymore - it's much nicer looking but with a harder to understand UI (screens you work with like inventory and crafting).Lots of neat concepts in this game - lots of highly questionable changes that add grind as 'game play'.Changes since that video:Lighting and atmosphere are much, much better and the art work and sounds - yes I'm one of ""those"" with a full surround sound system - are much better than before.  Models and such are a lot better done too and there are a lot of subtle changes to the sound effects in the game.Buildings, trees and such are better looking and more interesting (walk through trash on the floor and you may kick a can, etc.)  Environmentally it looks and feels better that what you'll see.Mocap - Motion Capture as in live humans doing the actions replayed as the animations.  Each to their own but 1920's style ""over acting"" isn't my forte.  Some will like  it but it looks way over the top to me as they grab their arm over dramatically and roar while doing a stiff legged stagger at you - things like that.Fighting zombies is nothing like shown - you aren't shooting a zombie in the face and it flops over dead unless you have ""skilled up"" a great deal.  Think of what you see more like being a top raider in the top end-game gear from a MMO -  and I do mean the best of the best gear possible to do what they are showing for combat.  (early game (day 2), 5 shotgun blasts to the face of a zombe and it still kept coming as I backed away - ammo isn't easy to get early on either and I had 8 of that kind coming at me [snow biome]).The body temp system needs work.  It is very unrealistic.  There is no way in hell anyone is going to clear 110 internal core body temperature and live -- I hit 112 on a cloudy day, wearing pants and a pair of grass shoes within the first 3 game-hours and I had water but ""wasn't thirsty""...It's very nice looking now but the costs in frame rates, tearing and such are annoying -- ""they'll fix that!"", eventually and probably break it again as they go further so the validity of complaining about performance vs looks... that's always going to happen as a game moves forward in development but the rest of it...The crafting and skill systems are old EQ1 / UO style approach to crafting and skilling up.  Read the newest guides, they are being designed to explain how you can work around the system until you get enough ""skill points"" to actually make/use things effectively.  Collect massive stuff, make huge batches of ""junk"" then you'll get something worth using - after a few hundred iterations...  Find ways to use tools and weapons where you are hidden/safe, then things work better.MASSIVE amounts of time-sinks in everything.  Forges now ""warm up"" materials so you can then wait for things to be made and using crafting stations summons zombies as the area ""heats up"" via the noise - and the UI has hit the skids big time...  That along with all the other timers that have gone in since they decided timers were needed...I hadn't played in a while but explaining general concepts to others would get them up and running ""back in the day"".  Now...  I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on with a forge the first time I made one - ""ok... fuel & materials - there's a recipe, ....  what's it doing?"" - it 'warms up'/preps the materials to then let you make stuff - so warm up batches first then make something?  And the value to actual playing is? ...Tons of icons pop up on the left side of your screen to show what your status is but important info doesn't show until it's getting pretty far along - like food and drink.  Injury and healing status - again it is ""granularized"" in such a way you'll need to learn what it's trying to tell you -- and I haven't bothered to find a consolidated info screen yet, due to all the screens it now has, but I'm fairly sure there is one burried in there somewhere that will give a full status overview.The UI is cludgey as hell to use and default keymappings are going to drive some a bit nuts.In otherwords, it's back to old-school style mass collection of crap, then figuring out how to AFK much of it in some practice mode until you can get the stuff/skills to actually do much of what you see in that older video - meanwhile later on, the whole thing does get easy - they just chose the ""rap up to god mode"" approach.Honestly it's not so ""tough"" as just tedious now and only those into old-school grindfests, with a ""pretty"" face lift, will probably find it all that engaging."
,Not Recommended,251570,21481846,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Neogenex,"Got bored with this game nearly from the start. yes its Alpha (still), but I dont see it going anywhere. Waste of time and money,"
76561198100446726,Recommended,251570,22922559,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,To Asgaard,"7 Days to Die is a game that I have watched grow a ton since it was first in early access.  The developers have done so much work to improve graphics, the ui, crafting, combat, the world, and pretty much everything about the game and I am so happy to see how well the game is coming along.  Its one of the rare games that will actually come out of early access I believe and I have to say it is a very fun crafting and survival game after how much effort they have put into it to make it shine.  Ill include a link to a video I did covering the basics of starting out in the game now as well as a tour of the features of the game now.  Def worth checking out :)  Also it will be releasing on consoles next month if you would prefer to play it on there.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6B31fhuEXk"
76561198085813441,Not Recommended,251570,20015094,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Revan,"What the f*ck man i bought this because everyone was all like ""Omfg dis game is soo gud u should buy it u cheeky c*nt !!1111!"" Well i f*cking did and guess what i can't even f*cking play this piece of sh*it. I spent my money on this and i even recommended it to my mate who also bought it and we both can't play the damn game wtf i know it's early acces but atleast make it f*cking playable. Multiplayer nor Singelplayer works and sometimes the game doesn't even start.I might actually write a serious review in the future if i can actually play this damn sh*t.Do not buy this until they fix this damn bullsh*t.Rant over.EDIT: Okay let me cool down for a second, i've actually gotten the game to work by playing in Alpha12 instead of the latest version. So i have played real quick to check out what it was like and it's pretty good! The assets are all here for a nice survival game, you got responsive controls, a lot of tools and crafting options, enemies that can really be threat even if it's only one, etc.However this does not excuse that the game is somewhat clunky with its UI and just isn't stable in general. I can run Fallout 4 at 1080p at 60fps with almost everything maxed out. But for some reason i get frequent fps drops, they're not that bad it usually doesn't go below 40 but it's still noticable.If you're playing with a friend you'll also notice he will stutter a lot, when walking for example.All in all it's a good game and it has the potential to really become something awesome that i see myself playing with others for a long time but first they need to fix some basic issues like fps loss, lag and for the love of god fix the crashes. I still do not recommend this game until they fix the latest patch, i know this is early acces but i should at least be able to play it without having to screw around with all the different versions. When you buy a game, you should be able to start and play it without having to search for a fix. A patch is supposed to improve the game, make it better. Not even more unstable it makes no sense to me that the developers would ruin the game with this."
76561198004348353,Not Recommended,251570,19788673,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Domocus,"I'ved played this game off and on since Update 5 or so, before steam release, and I must be honest that I do not see this game ever being finished. Numerous bugs and glitches exist, prior to new releases, but are skipped over in favor of newer content, that hardly sates my appetite to play this game for more than a day or two."
,Not Recommended,251570,20452552,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Singleton,"Where is my old lovely Alpha 11 gameplay? Since it had gone, every new version and its patches made the game very boring. Multiplayer is almost useless now, guys! Do something, choose another way of 7D2D evolution)"
76561198053755337,Recommended,251570,21284215,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,HaploMan_39,"If you are into survival, building, crafting, and running away from the undead when you realize you have no ammo left then just buy the game, its a great game, physics are a little quirky at times, but once you figure it out, your base should be zombie proof. You can even cook eggs and bacon, that alone should tempt you right ??but wait there is more, if you drink dirty water things are going to get messy. So to recap, eat, drink, craft, build, shoot, hide, run, cook, bunker down, build tall, stock up on items, keep warm, don't freeze, the list goes on.10/10"
,Recommended,251570,21868234,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Randarr the Barbarian,"Eat, drink, run, hide, craft, freeze, sweat, fight, get infrcted, and die. Fantastic game with all the difficulty of real life plus zombies that make everything much more difficult. It's hard in the beginning because your fighting power is low, but as time goes on and your skill gets better you can explore newer and more difficult places for you to get swarmed and killed. The game also punishes you for your deaths not only by making you lose any items you had, but also making your wellness score go down lowering hydration, and max health. And if all that bores you, you can also build and destroy the environment to your heart's content in a world you can change with the right tools. 9/10 great game"
76561198113877903,Not Recommended,251570,19795455,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JOHNNY DANGEROUSLY,"I am not happy that I'm doing this, but, here goes.I've been playing this game for over a year now. I fell in love with it from the first day I fired it up, Since then, however, its been a nightmare. Every update seems to destroy any chance of me continuing a save file (my first go was 110 hours I think). So I've had to bite the bullet and start from square one multiple times now. It got to the point where I didnt touch this for almost 2 months because I knew that in a day or so I'd just have to start all over again. Before this last time it seemed like it wasnt an issue anymore. Then an update hit yesterday(12/18/2015) and guess what? Cant salvage my 30+ hour save file... Not only that, the new menus are ugly as hell, you have to select an item then click 'Take' in order to put it in the inventory, and theres no gauge for hunger or water on the main in game screen. And yes, I know theres mods but I shouldnt have to screw with that to begin with. I havent the slightest idea why they changed that either. I could go on but at this point I think I'mjust done with the game all together...DO NOT BUY THIS!!!"
76561198050105264,Not Recommended,251570,22351525,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Dr.gummy,crashes 30 seconds after starting evry time
,Not Recommended,251570,20163891,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Trumpster,"2 Years on and very little has been added to the game gameplay / content wise. The game is virtually the same as it was 2 years ago with the exception that the graphics have been overhauled and the game world looks better.If you are looking for a content rich game with regular updates of new content then this is NOT the game for you. Developers constantly changing and redoing systems that worked completely fine before to work a little different but give the same outcome.Game was initially set for mid 2014 completion then end 2014...now it is 2016 and still alpha with very little new content/gameplay added. There is absolutely no endgame content at all, Give this game a miss, it may be good when finished but that will not be for 4-5 years at least!!"
,Not Recommended,251570,21478976,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SpitFire,"The game is simply ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, just don't buy it (Believe me)."
76561198032267380,Recommended,251570,18817815,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ichinin,"The Walking Dead meets Minecraft... with multiplayer.I was ""just going to try it a bit"" and lost track of time...25 hours later, i'm sold.Nicely done for an Alpha. Buy!"
76561198027515030,Not Recommended,251570,20687813,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,rendrake,"Maybe instead of paying for fancy new trailers, they should hire some game developers to finish the game for them.The developers are not finishing the game.  They continuallty tinker with minor things to avoid the harder task of adding major features that are still missing from the game.  This game remains a example of how the early access business model can be used to defraud consumers."
,Not Recommended,251570,23960168,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Spaghetti Bender,"This game was fun. I absolutely loved it for a time. However, the updates eventually destroyed the game for me.My PC can handle all my games just fine on the highest settings. This game, however, no longer even runs on my computer. Even after following troubleshooting guides and a ton of patches claiming to be stable, this game crashes upon loading in.This game simply does not function as well as it used to."
,Not Recommended,251570,14374366,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nortix,Don't play this game. You will spend hours building and surviving (which they did well with I'll give them that) only to watch helplessly as hackers flying around in the sky take out everything you have made with an infinite damage pistol. GG. For every 5 people on a server there is at least one hacker. I'm not kidding. It's pathetic.
76561198030888229,Recommended,251570,19371927,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bad Boy Bubby,"7 Days to Die might well still be a work-in-progress/early access but, if you take a look at youtube you can see quite clearly it has a following and a lot of people are joining up. I think the game is pretty good and I would recommend it to people who like survival games etc.A few things that need to be fixed ASAP though:- The sounds are great, but they do not seem to have any real use. You can hear a bear, but you cannot tell where it is - how far. Same with zombies - you hear them but you don't know if they are a metre away or 50 metres. You walk bare foot on soil, it sounds like you have cowboy boots on wood. I really hope they get to work on sorting this as it is the main issue.- Can't think of anything else, no doubt I will as soon as I save this.."
,Recommended,251570,8245795,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mandalore,"The atmosphere of 7 Days to Die, is absolutely horrifying. Within the first 24 minutes of me playing, I was already scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. When walking in the baren wasteland biome, the silence is scary, it really is, and they have the crying baby sound that plays in the baren wasteland biome. When you finally reach a residential area, you think, ""Hey it's not that bad. I don't hear any zombies. So far, so good."" But once you enter a house and start looting around, you begin to hear banging, and the banging is the sound of the zombies trying to get into the house and attack you. The shrieks and screams of the zombies are scary as hell alone. Also to add on this, these aren't, ""Oh, I'm a stupid zombie and I just walk around hoping for someone to walk right into me."" No, these are more like, ""Come here ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Give me a big hug."" zombies. It's some scary♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have yet to try online for this game and team up with other people, but being alone in this game is drop-dead scary. This is most definitely worth the $30/$35. It has a lot of potential."
76561198082916735,Recommended,251570,8187306,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wrack,"Think of Minecraft, the normal happy survival game where you build stuff with blocks, with your friends making beautiful art, or just surviving in the wilderness. Now add it with a bit of DayZ and you get a zombie apocolypse behind you while building that creation, or should I say fort to protect yourself from the undead. It has a bit of bad graphics (maybe just my video settings on low) and a few bugs ex. a zombie dog that literaly teleports around you when your trying to move and shoot it at the same time, But its still a really good game in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,251570,9114887,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,AaronSayWhat,"Ok first off, their ""7 day"" sale ended at the start of the 7th day meanwhile it should of ended at midnight like any other sale does. 2nd, this game is over priced at $3. Minecraft isn't even that much, like really? And 3rd, I would like to review the gameplay but unfortunatly I can't because I wanted to play in fullscreen mode but now the game crashes and freezes on a black screen. Oh but wait, I'll ask The Fun Pimps for help. WRONG! I can't find their contact info anywhere and everyone else say they never reply back. So no, I don't recommend this game, save your money and time and get minecraft instead."
,Recommended,251570,9010493,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Sugarlips,just love this game. if you r minecraft fan just buy this game <3
76561198074064227,Not Recommended,251570,23197718,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,djgoatslayer,"dont buy if youre a mac user, no longer since last update"
76561197972329416,Not Recommended,251570,23197653,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Thepuffin77,Game was lots of fun but the most recent patch has made it unplayable for me due to a mac error. I have looked on the forum and it seems others have had this problem. If you have a PC get it if you have a Mac they dont care about your client your better off finding something else.
76561198015083749,Not Recommended,251570,31358846,Posted: 25 April,all,StayLifted,Another game forever in EA.
76561198086801272,Not Recommended,251570,19679341,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,BigFred,you'r new update really is bad fps go from 60 to 2 every 5 sec. there real high rocks that if you spown on jump off kill you'r self lol like the new update kill it.
,Not Recommended,251570,21626046,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,RPG,I wouldn`t recommend getting this game until its done
76561198060310418,Not Recommended,251570,22601525,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,DatBrony,I will admit this game had hope but after update 13.1 it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥it's not even possible to survive anymore its all fun and games but then you reach day 7 and then the horde comes and you take it out likes it nothing so you're no longer scared of the hordes but then after that day its horde after horde of zombies it never ends me and my two friends fought from day 8 to 12 fight hordes that neverended then we gave up when they destroyed our whole ♥♥♥♥ing houseSo to sum this up its a waste of time and money maybe one day they will realize but till then its♥♥♥♥♥
76561197964265262,Not Recommended,251570,19824790,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Maniac Mike,"7 Days to Die, hands down one of my favorite games of all time...or atleast it used to be. It was just recently announced by the co owner of The Fun Pimps (hes not a dev) that they do not NEED multiplayer and that it is just handled as an after thought to them. I was shocked when I heard this and upon further investigation this was confirmed to be true.The Fun Pimps have stated that the single player and co-op experience will always come first and will remain their main priority. As of right now, there a many GAME BREAKING bugs that have completely destroyed the multiplayer community and have been brought up to the attention of the devs the very day Alpha 13 was released.-A duping bug in the forge and fire that will multiply items 10 times. This means if a player was to put 24 scrap iron in a forge, they have a huge chance of getting 2400 scrap iron. For those who have no played the game, this is a HUGE deal. Scrounging for resources while making alliances and battling enemie players was what made this game magical. Now no one wants to play anymore due to the server admins erasing the servers as soon as the bug is fixed. The mentality is, ""Why continue grinding hours into building as base if the servers will be wiped once the duping glitches are fixed""? When will they be fixed? No one has the slightest clue. Could be tomorrow, could be 2 months from now. On their official website, the dev's act like this isn't even an issue and 4 patches later, it has yet to be fixed or even mentioned by them. Why? Because it's a multiplayer issue.-Alpha 13 has also introduced crippling lag to multipalyer as well. 4 patches later, nothing.If you have watched the Youtube videos and heard stories of the epic raids, battles between clans of players, war for resources during a zombie apocalypse, the satisfaction of breaking into someones base and stealing their goods and want to be a part of this, turn away. If you want a grindy single player/co-op experience with friends (trust me, is no where NEAR on the same level as multipalyer) go ahead and give it a purchase."
76561197979434393,Recommended,251570,21014969,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,iceberg,"This is in my experience and my opinion, the best survival crafting post-apocalyptic game available. It's better in Alpha than most games are when complete.I've logged 268 hours and counting. Every time a major patch is released, the replayability skyrockets for me because it feels like a new game.Get this game. The Fun Pimps are a great dev team and this Early Access is a diamond in the rough. Get this game."
76561198237150350,Not Recommended,251570,21017971,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gstylez0107,"I have tried to like this game, I really did. On paper this game seems fantastic, until you play it.-Clunky controls. Your character is slow as **** and the game just doesnt feel good overall-Difficulty. The beginning of this game is tedious and boring. It would literally beeasier to survive these conditions in real life. Zombies kill you in two hits and easily survive 15-20 hits with an axe. The       game suffers from the same syndrome as most other generic survival games; where the superfluous requirements for  survival take away the fun of the game. Things like killing zombies, exploring new lands and building castles should be fun, the devs seem hellbent on making this game as unappealing as possible to newcomers. Spawn, run around looting vehicles and crates and then die from heat, cold, dehydration, or a zombie that survived 20 blows to the head.. All while learning the obscure and unintuitive crafting system.-Poor Graphics and optimization. With a gtx 970 I can barely maintain 50 frames on High settings. The poor draw distance is often masked with irritating fog effects, and I cant stand the awful lighting.Despite the negatives, the game does show promise for those who are willing to grind out the awful first few hours. However, going by all the negative reviews written by those with 1000+ hours, I'm not so sure its worth it..Meh, overrated garbage"
,Not Recommended,251570,21346749,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,a negro boy,The zombies seem to have GPS.
76561198197283165,Not Recommended,251570,22212720,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,respec wamen,Crashes way too much for me to actually experience anything.
76561197961262651,Not Recommended,251570,22656909,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,M@ssive_Headwound_Harry,"Easy Anti-Cheat is garbageI like the game, but won't recommend it.  I bought it to play with friends and Easy Anti-Cheat kicks me from friend's server.  I've updated windows, restarted computer, updated and run virus scan, uninstalled 7DTD, deleted save files, cleaned registry, reinstalled 7DTD, turned off firewall.  I even did a windows reinstall.  I still get kicked with a message that I should check that I enabled EAC.  Occasionally I get a null reference object and EAC backend message too.If they can fix the issue I'd gladly recommend the game.  It is a lot of fun when I can play with buddies.I was going to put it up on the 7DTD forum, but found out they require you link your steam account to the 7DTD account before FunPimps will let you post.  What a joke!"
,Not Recommended,251570,19758690,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SoupNazi,New update absolutaly screwed it in the♥♥♥♥♥ it could have been better but they chose to♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. Zombies are stronger than chuck Norris with their stun thing so you cant escape and then when your stuned you know your screwed 4/10
76561198076267501,Not Recommended,251570,22601510,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Pieguy4561,"it was a good game but after the update it turn worse. you start out well but after day 7 hordes spawn every day and up to 3-4 hordes in one night and in every horde there are 2-3 dogs and up to 10 zombies in one. the game need to fix the problem if not ,then do not waste you money on it."
,Recommended,251570,8539146,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nusaka,"As I finish building a small wooden fort in the middle of the woods, I look out from the very top with my sniper rifle and see the horde. The zombies are slow moving in the daytime, but it will be night soon. At night is when they start to run. Running is bad...I quickly prepare some makeshift defenses outside, placing some gas barrels and spikes around the perimeter. I run out of my premade defenses and decide it should be enough. Or that I'm screwed anyway. The zombies still hadn't spotted me, or so I thought. A crawler snuck up on me and hit me from behind. Letting out a more girlish scream than I thought possible, I turned around at shot it with my shotgun. The horde found me.And that began the beginning of the end for me. On my fourth day of survival in 7 Days to Die I was sieged in my tower. I fired rounds at the zombies that came running at me as I made my way back to my fort. I closed the door quickly, listening to the shrieks of the various zombies out there. The door is made of wood, along with the rest of my fort. I would hope that the wood would hold, but the zombies were already tearing the door down the doors, breaking through the walls, and generally making me wet my virtual pants. I run up the stairs and climb the ladder. I thought I was safe, until I remembered that zombies can climb ladders. Grabbing a fireaxe from my chest, I go to break that ladder. Already behind me was the most abnoxious noise maker in the dead army, the spider zombie. This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ makes a lot of noise, and can climb better than the rest. I quickly crush his skull with my axe and begin to cut down the ladder. As I finish breaking down ladder, it dawns on me that I'm trapped. I can only hope that the zombies will eventually forget about me.Two days later they were still downstairs, I was out of food, and I starved.This is just one scenario of the open world, make-your-own story fun of 7 Days to Die.This is a game that has a lot of potential to be an extremely fun RPG. Tooled with a minecraft-style building and crafting system, as well as fully destructible enviroments. This game is only still in alpha, but it already has a lot to offer. From a Co-Op  horde mode, a deathmatch mode, and an open-world survival mode. In it's upcoming additions, there will be full skill trees, character customization, mod support, missions, and random world generation.Happy zombie hunting/fort building/starving to death."
76561197961230998,Recommended,251570,8565051,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,GanjaMan,"Zombie Minecraft.  Even though it's still in Alpha, it's well worth it in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,251570,22294827,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SumthinBallin,"Currently the game just keeps crashing apon loading into the game, even after replacing my video card drive and my hard drive and so many reinstalls and five hotfixes. I wouldn't buy this game currently, especially considering the developers only solution to this issue is ""the crashes are a problem with unity."" and have not annouced anything else to fix the game. So if you would like to watch a loading screen and a characters hands move around for two seconds before a crash, buy this game! As for me, I'm pretty dissappointed as a consumer."
,Recommended,251570,22090987,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ciarán ∆,"This game is difficult, the devs actually develop (i know its rare on early access), the zombies are a genuine challenge and the game is fun so yeah I reccomend it.ps - beware of day 7"
76561198120387360,Not Recommended,251570,20018907,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dog Cop 69,"I really want to play this game, but the lag spikes are so intense i cant bear to play it. i dont want to relog every five minutes due to lag. it is really cool, but i wolnt play this again till it fully realeses."
76561198291264705,Not Recommended,251570,22817398,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,pj.rizk,"I think the game itself is excellent. A great idea with some decent implementation. A little rough around the edges at times and could use some work balancing the availability and requirements for loot and materials.Unfortunately, if you are on a mac DO NOT GET THIS GAME. While the devs advertise it as mac compatible (this is something I look for when getting any game) they do not support it. The last update (14.6) was released with the full knowledge that the game would crash, without fail, on the load screen on OSX.I have never seen any company release something that they know is completely unusable prior to release. I cannot fathom what kind of decision making is going on at this company. Just delay the update.To make matters worse, even with many forum posts indicating the problem I have seen no official communication from the devs. Something as simple as ""We realize there is a problem and are doing our best to solve it"" would go a long way"
,Not Recommended,251570,20719926,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Razzey,"Just like many of the other real reviews are saying, the new alpha stinks, in almost every way.  My friends and I had a ton of fun on the old content trying to survive, building a house/settlement, reinforcing it, the such.  Now, the zombie mechanics are bad, the skill/leveling system is bad, the loot is bad, the weather system is bad, just about everything is bad.  And this is supposed to be the ""New direction""?Don't bother.  Once again, ""early access"" means once we hit target goal, or get bored, we'll stop developing.ARK, you the exception to the rule.EDIT: As Clyde Frog said, this also used to be one of the acceptions to the rule, completely agreed."
,Not Recommended,251570,19679063,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mr Robot,Loved what they did with the zombies...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hated what they did with the rest...
,Not Recommended,251570,21387334,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,a Pair of Socks,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics ontop of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sounds, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay, ontop of♥♥♥♥♥♥everything... Most of these reviews are paid for.But in all seriousness, this game is pretty terrible in the sense of its every single zombie survival open sandbox game and it looks so... Bad for a 25 dollar game. Youll get better enjoyment out of Minecraft than this, honestly.   This game has been in Early Access for like a year now and its not improved at all except more reasons to Shoot on Sight and do nothing but raid bases.EDIT: Please dont fall prey to empty♥♥♥♥♥claims as almost 98% of all Early Access games do."
76561198126606484,Recommended,251570,19978720,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Toups,"Great game. However, it is very laggy and needs a lot of work. It's in Alpha so it's understandable. I still highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198048914044,Not Recommended,251570,10965719,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vividry,"First off, I want to say that this game has an INCREDIBLE amount of potential and that as a customer I look forward to the final release. However, unfortunately I cannot recommend this game to anyone at its current full retail value. Again, this is an early access review as of Alpha 8.6 and I will update my review when and if it is fully released or it significantly improves.When I first bought this game I was hopeful for it as its premise sounded promising. The prospect of searching abandoned cities, surviving in a post-apocalyptic world, and building a house or crafting weapons and traps to fight off zombies and other invaders was too good to pass up. I must admit though, I only purchased this game because it was 45% off during the summer sale and I scratched my head at the initial $25 price tag that comes with its full price. However, I thought that surely it would be well worth it once I began to play... it was't.Is it a game worth playing? Absolutely. Is it worth $25? No. There is just not enough content in this game for me to recommend it at a $25 price tag. The graphics are good for sure, but the mechanics could use some work. There is lag when switching from one item to the next and it's rather irritating when being chased by zombies or dogs. And that brings up a couple other things: zombies and dogs. Zombies are everywhere! Now obviously, you'd expect zombies to exist in such a world, but it makes it more annoying than fun or challenging when you escape a zombie horde or finish killing off 5-10 zombies with your gun in an effort to protect your house only to have them respawn moments later. Now you're out of bullets, surrounded by zombies once again, and pretty much screwed.Of course, you could consider that more of an opinion than a problem with the game, but that personally kind of ruins the fun for me. It also kills the suspense. If there are zombies everywhere all the time, even in the woods and deserts, it gets boring rather quickly. The next point I wanted to discuss was the over-powered dogs. Run into these nasty animals and they WILL kill you. There are no ifs, ands, or buts about it. It probably took me at least four restarts before I wasn't killed by a dog, and one of those times it spawned me right next to one... thanks. It was such a deterrent that I almost gave up on the game right then and there, but pride wouldn't let me.Also, with regards to aesthetics, while I mentioned the graphics looked good for it still being in alpha the landscape is rather bland. Trash piles are everywhere for some strange reason and some of the buildings look like they were pretty much just copied and pasted. Naturally, this is what I would expect in an alpha stage game, but not at a $25 price tag. That said, the biomes in this game are pretty cool and I definitely thought they made it much better. Having different enviornments in a game like this makes it much more interesting.Anyways, while I have a lot to look forward to with the development of this game I just can't bring myself to give it a positive review right now given the price. I hope my review has been helpful for anyone looking to purchase this game. If not, well, in the end only you can decide whether it's worth it or not."
,Recommended,251570,8566231,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SoGaPit,"I know its only an Alpha, but...  This Game is so much fun.  Take Left 4 Dead 2 and combine it with Minecraft, and you have 7 days to die.  So glad i picked this game up on the Steam Holiday Sale.  Definitely one of my top 10 steam games.  A Must Buy.."
,Not Recommended,251570,16906019,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,yung Rudolf,It gave me aids now im sad thanks 7 aids to die :)
76561198042871933,Not Recommended,251570,35008772,Posted: 16 September,all,josh,"Stupidly hard in the beginning, boring AF in the end.  Not a bad concept but horribly balanced."
,Not Recommended,251570,19766478,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Przemo,Super idea but gameplay is very bad.With every patch the game is taking more and more machine resources. For my rig that just killing the fun of playing it. The game dropped in FPS from 36 on ultra to 27 on low details!And in a year of time they still didn't fix the bug that makes zeds spawn all arround you (like 2 feets from you) when your scavenging or just standing there (bad!).Will wait another year to check the game again. Maybe game will be bether then...
76561197971189899,Not Recommended,251570,20428735,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,maxrobert,"This review is based on Alpha 13 and my response to it.I have played 7 days to die since alpha 10. This used to be an interesting game with flavour, ingenuity and personality. Now it has become your average generic game.These are the pros and cons for this Alpha 13 iteration of the game:Pros:Great map system. HurrayInteresting skill systemNice more clothesCons:Terrible GUI, removal of the grid lessened the player interaction and immersion for me.Terrible Forge, (did I mention the GUI or forge being some kind of mysterious storage container containing tons of iron,clay etc?)Terrible Grind mechanics, watch a health meter go down when harvesting/destroying stuff (Removes Immersion, watching stuff break down into chunks etc is more immersive)No more interesting unique resource management, please go back to logs, sticks and molds and varied food recipes! Not generic meat or generic wood etc. Upgrade system removes the fun of resource planning. Just upgrade a wood house or door into steel etc.I can excuse some of the bugs etc. it is an alpha, but the basic game mechanics that they removed that made this game so much fun ruined this game for me.I recommend trying Alpha 10-12 to get a feel for what this used to be...Not this."
76561198294635280,Not Recommended,251570,22150751,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TuftyComic063,it keeps crashing
76561197986961365,Recommended,251570,22911549,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zombie Teddy Bear,A fun game made great with friends.  Cant wait for full release
,Not Recommended,251570,20562620,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Yooruce Willis,"never played this game after update 13, now I tested it and I have a reason to deleted this game forever"
76561197971182593,Not Recommended,251570,22307306,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dreddfire,they remove all the great server options so no i don't recommend the game anymore
,Recommended,251570,12827938,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tigax,"Game certainly takes some getting used to, but once you do it's awesome."
,Recommended,251570,9244741,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Honda,"Dont buy the game untill more things are added.otherwise the game is quite fun, but there's just nothing to do after a couple of hours."
76561198023133803,Not Recommended,251570,22624140,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gir Fan,"Alpha 15 edit.Upon removal of the ""gore blocks"" left behind enemys the game became a less of a chore. The polish of the game is getting there, yet it needs some more work.Become a squirrel with kleptomania. Be constantly on the lookout. Collect everything for your nest. Hide on top of everything. Plant seeds and use trees. Watch death withered zeds sprint at a marathon pace. Then punch through stone and steel like it's made out of butter. Clean up mounds and mounds of crap left over by traps as a reward. Then get eaten by dogs and bears.Textures could be better. Model animations are choppy. Sound quality is low. Game performance is poorly optimized.Give it a miss until devs decide to go with a realistic or stylized game. Getting ill and breaking bones is real. A zombie with the strength and endurance of early superman is not."
,Not Recommended,251570,21972498,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,dice502,"It used to be a lot of fun back in Alpha 9 and 10. We had high hopes for Alpha 11 and were let down but the game was still very playable. Now on Alpha 13 and the 3rd GUI overhaul that I have seen since owning this game I have decided the devs don't know how to do anything other than steal others creations, music, character models, etc. They do know how to change the GUI up so many times you just don't want to play anymore. Good job devs. It was fun while it lasted.Also, the hordes..... yeah, they are so broke right now. This review is current as of Alpha 13.8 One screamer brought a horde of 2 zombies.... :/"
,Recommended,251570,8559979,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Matt,"At first I thought: ""You sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es; 35$?"" and sat there humming and hawing about if I was going to get the game, if I was going to bother. So I did what I normally do if it's not story related and the plot won't be spoiled. I went to go find just a basic little 'This is how you place a block on the floor', 'This is how you pick up the block' and etc. What I wasn't expecting was, ""And this is how you die a jillion times"" because this game WANTS to screw you up, it WANTS to see you die in a horrible way that may not even be zombie related. Now I won't profess to pretend I'm an awesome gamer, hell, I'm probably not even in the top half of the bottom half! But this gameisfor every level of proficiency and every level of ability when it comes to players.Sure, there's no redstone, but man does it make up for everything else. In fact, I bought it for a present for someone too after rushing right off to go get it for myself.I won't lie to you and say it's a polished game or that there isn't' room for improvement, there is -- and theyAREimproving it. That's the best part. This game is influenced by its staff and by its users and they, as far as I've seen, really are a good track record for listening to their player base. They seem to be pretty big zombie fans themselves and haven't left much FOR the fans of the game to have to be like ""Hey you uh... you may wanna __insert idea here__."" Likely the answer will be 'you should check their planned ideas'.This plays lovely, like a 3D Project Zomboid (which I also adore). I can't wait to see what they do next and if you're cool with tossing them the money to keep funding the game, you'll find you won't be too damned disappointed for the most part. There's always going to be those 'I wish they'd have put in _____ already' moments, but they're short lived in my experience. Farming to water collection, food, hunting, scavenging, barricading -- There's so much I could say. If you're not cool with it (and not everyone is, that's fine), wait until release, then be wowed outta your seat.Basically-- you will enjoy it if you hop in now or later on when it's polished.Thanks for reading!"
76561198026872485,Not Recommended,251570,33586454,Posted: 16 July,all,Vincent🐫,"This game used to be AWESOME!but then they ""improved"" so many things, making it impossible to play it anymore.first the small wood spikes which would make alot of damage but break really fast they made it so one of those would cost 100 wood, which is insane now they changed it to 15 but you only get 100 wood out of a whole tree, they made mining super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so now you have to walk through different biomes and dig in a random spot and if youre SUPER LUCKY you MAYBE find a vein which yields just not enough fo that kinda effort. they made the skill system into a weird obscure scheme that now (instead of offering great perks for a player) makes the game only harder. and you cannot craft 600q stuff anymore you have to craft about 8 500q things and combine them.  Of course it is more challenging now, for sure but in the wrong way. The way it is now the game is  just Grinding and no more Fun.It's a shame this game was a 10/10 but now it's just boring, repetitive and plain annoyingDO NOT BUY!!"
76561197971292565,Not Recommended,251570,34342328,Posted: 18 August,all,Macgamer,"This game is beyond a waste of time... do not buy this crap. the developers are the worst ever and care nothing for this product. Steam is out of their minds to allow such poor developers to sell their game on this site, this games been in Alpha for 4 years plus will never be finished due to incompitence. but hey if you want to play a game full of bug bad updated that come a year between feel free to buy this horrible p.o.s and will definately see what i mean. the Fun Pimps team are a joke. they should sell this game to a real game developer so that its made correctly, not by a bunch of drunk college kids... this game is a definate pass people... run away screaming like i do at all the errors of the crap game."
,Recommended,251570,22087837,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Empty,"GREAT GAME GET IT NUFF SAID!UPDATE:Since the release of this game in December 13, 2013 to this day, has massively improved with far more content then we as players would have thought this game would go to, and even now with all the new content and improvements there is still LOTS more stuff to come.I personally can't wait until the game gets its full deserving of content it needs and gets polished and optimized then officially released as a full fledged game!"
76561198074631375,Recommended,251570,8054667,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Greyhawk49,Amazing zombie game still in Alpha so dont expect alot at the moment but well worth th money as more things will be added to it in the future
76561198105776968,Not Recommended,251570,23605585,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cosmo Kramer,"If you have a mac, do not buy this game, it used to work fine but it would suddenly just freeze and crash, I have not tried on PC. Its a great game...Just not on mac"
76561198041962954,Not Recommended,251570,23152302,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ranma Bushiko,"Bought and tried this back in November, then put in a refund request for it within the two week limit.  Never got an e-mail, even though it was successfully done.Waited a month.  No refund.  Dealt with enough stuff to keep my mind thoroughly off games for the next several months, as well.Another month?  Nope.Three?  Nope yet.Four?  Nada.  No money back.I finally got back to Steam in april, looking for the refund, only to find it had gone missing in the system.Can't get my money back, and can't play the game.  Have this negative review since nothing else seems to be able to be done."
76561198004434284,Recommended,251570,8126590,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,HUNK,"Currently have a ""so far so good"" standpoint on this Minecraft meets The Walking Dead game, a la 7 Days to die. The open world is nice, the graphics are only so-so, but they are a notch above Minecraft obvioulsy (HA! notch.) This is achieved while still retaining the somewhat blocky construction with a 3d overlay it seems. Havent dived too terribly deep, as i'm just getting ahold of the control scheme and crafting system, which by the way, is quite the easy adjustment for veteran Minecraft players. only minor issues (even though its still in alpha) have been experienced, such as: strectched zombie corpses, hitting a gas pump with a stick blowing up half my shelter, and random force closes and crashes. however, other than that it plays pretty smooth so far. Oh yea, you seem to emit some sort of zombie homing beacon at night, as they literally horde to wherever you are, no matter how hidden, yet during the daytime behave as any other typical zombie would in a game like this; shuffling about doing zombie things.PROS-open sandbox world complete with towns/biomes/etc-crafting system using whatever you pick up-structural integrity factor being a first for the genre-plenty of weapons and recipes-multiple game modes, even playing hassle free by yourself (personal favorite)CONS-graphics/animations are only so-so-zombies crowding to you at night can get frustrating-no way to sleep/pass time (that i know of)-zombies totally spawn campEDITDue to recent additions, as this review was originally based off of Alpha 5, not only have The Fun Pimps added: A stealth system, massively improved zombie AI, a new biome, new weapons/items, a forging system, a cooking system, smoothed the terrain, and even more enemies. its nice, like REALLY nice to see that my money is actually helping put this game in a good direction, and keep it moving forward. keep it up!!"
76561198071965088,Not Recommended,251570,11378724,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Zehwarlock,"If you planned on buying this game early, don't bother. I bought it a couple months ago, and now suddenly I can't play it.An update came out that REQUIRES you to have a specific login and ID that I was SUPPOSED to have gotten, but never did.The helpdesk email took another month to even respond to my questions and even then it did not help at all. So my advice is to either not bother and wait for it to finish, or not bother at all."
,Not Recommended,251570,16875423,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Theomenkid_0,It used to be good but untill the f*cking devs fix the dificulty to be POSSIBLE i recomend just playin unturned ALSO they flat out lie about the level editor on the f*cking steam page its not there and hasent been since the begining yet its been teased since early on so how about that fun pimps? why are you lying about that you sleezy f*ucks?
,Not Recommended,251570,20128220,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,level94836,"Dead game, it's bad, no updates. People try to say it's good, it's not unless it get's out of alpha already. I'm waiting."
,Recommended,251570,34205871,Posted: 12 August,all,Matchitehew,It's a great game Minecraft for adults in my opinion this games a hell of a lot better than rust it's exactly right rust in every way but better you can actually dig into the ground which I love and it doesn't force me to be a gender I don't want to be if you want a good game like rust this is for you because it's better than rust in every way
76561198062073966,Not Recommended,251570,22349667,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,|csgolive.com|PuppyMonkeyBaby,Ok game to play but ridiculous when it comes to surviving the only thing i learned was how to take zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the♥♥♥♥♥and impossible to get any good loot.
,Recommended,251570,8046588,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pesant,This game is awesome for those who like the concept of Minecraft and Dayz survival i do love it myself and recommend it for anyone else who likes that type of game but it is a awesome game.
,Recommended,251570,13049169,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[AFHD] Bugster,Really awosme game it has come along way
76561198049427679,Recommended,251570,8049005,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,WhightKnight,think of this day time safe night time sucks run for your life or bunker down realy good if alone pray to what ever god you chose as it wont end well and yull be meeting your god real soon
,Recommended,251570,8041708,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Malaras,"Great game so far, I really enjoy it. Well worth the money imo. I'm still getting used to how stuff works i e crafting. And by reading up on their plans its only only going to get better."
76561198020729018,Not Recommended,251570,35000972,Posted: 16 September,all,ZeroGman,"I would like to say I don't recommend this game at this time since Steam ratings lack a ""Meh"" option.I LOVED this game when I first started playing it, I loved huddling up in a base with friends trying to fend off a horde on that 7th night.  Given the several hundred hours of playtime I've put in to it would make it seem like I got my money's worth, I did.  I'm trying to help out new potential buyers here though.  The development cycle for this is awful, like we're talking slower than Star Citizen.  What makes it worse though is that every new major release feels like it is taken further from completion.My only complaint with the game is the lack of end game content, story, and frankly stupid zombies.  After you get past the initial thrill of zombie hunting/surviving, you realize that killing them is a breeze and they all act the exact same way, run directly towards you, get into attack range, telegraph an obvious attack, pause for a second, rinse and repeat until player dead or zombie is dead.  Ok, Burning zombies run faster, and cop zombies occasionally stop running to puke on you, but that's about it in terms of variety as of this review.What NEEDS to change in my opinion:-  More vehicles or at least more options for the one vehicle you get  (with or without basket and lock isn't enough)-  More cosmetic block variations.  (Certain textures are missing certain shapes so it's annoying to use a different block than the original one I started building with sometimes)-  Better defenses/traps and such  (A16 addressed some of this, but not nearly enough)-  NPCs that do more than just stand there and die. (Look at how Planet Explorers handles NPCs and tell me that isn't better)-  Story/purpose  (Why are we here, what happened, can we fix it or at least read lore about it, why do these settlements keep giving me quests yet never appear in game, and are feral zombies former NBA players turned into zombies?)"
76561197987894090,Not Recommended,251570,21575058,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,weston8of13,Alpha 12 was better then Alpha 13 but they have been working hard on it I can tell. They just seem to be going in the wrong direction now. There have been some bugs that instead of addressing them they put more content which also have some issues. The Devs have lost their way it seems. More is not always better.
,Recommended,251570,8500388,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Laurond,"As i write this, the game is still on Early Access, has a few bugs, and only a few of the features has been released... but to put it simply, it is a very good game even now. Cant wait to see how The Game turns out in the future...Anyway, I want you to want this game, now. Thanks."
76561198095408505,Not Recommended,251570,16903600,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,farmville rancher boy,I remember when i could actually run this game ok and it was still fun
76561198012923593,Not Recommended,251570,25949007,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Blech,"This game has been in development for ever and ever (and ever ever).It still lacks basically the entire range mid -and engame content, with the game quickly becomming boring.When you have played the game for 10 hours, you will be able to start a new game and explore all the game has to offer within 10 hours, especially if you have a team of 2-4 members. Most of the time in your first game will be learning the mechanics, which i wouldn't describe as replayable gameplay.When a new game is stated, it is pretty much 2 hours to get a base going, 4 hours to get ready to plunder zombie infested areas, and after that you will very quickly get to a point where zombies are no longer a real danger.But the biggest flaw in this game by far, is its lack of anything to do. Once you have gotten your base up and running and raided for schematics and weapons, there is really nothing else to aspire to, other than defending against zombie hordes. There are no npc villages to build, no infrastructure to maintain, and nothing to evolve. There is your base, and the zombies. Period.For me, the game quickly becomes tiresome. There is nothing to strive towards, except the next ware of zombies. Surviving the zombies very quickly becomes the primary objective of the game. They stop being a hinderence for the actual objectives (Get tools, build shelter, get food, survive) and take their place as the sole objective (Have a base after horde night).If you are like me, and want to see some actual progression, be it an expanding shelter, more options, new assignments, evolving gameplay and so on, this game will quickly stop being all that fun. I have a hard time finding motivation to keep going 20 hours into a session.I realize that i have a fair number of hours in the game. I have picked it up and played it with friends through a number of updates. But the real question is: Would i, knowing what i do now, buy the game to play it for the first time, for the price? No, no i would not."
76561197993099913,Not Recommended,251570,21614945,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TomorrowsFodder,"Been playing this game off and on for about year now. The game has come a long way in terms of graphics, but the game itself is broken at best. Im writing this as I delete it from my PC for good. Mechanics work against each other and it really kills the fun of the game. Quick example is the zombies, pick a fight with one zombie and you will have to kill everything in a 20 mile radius as well. Even if you smash their head in on the first shot, it still SCREAMS and aggros everything around you. standing your ground against anything is a sure way to die fast. If you do fight it out, your kiting...i believe the game will spawn additional mobs off screen, behind you, during every fight... dont stand still...ever. OK, great you survived the tsunami of mobs and you want your loot...guess what, everything despawned before you could get to it...Now lets try the stealth approach...good luck there. Mobs can ""sense"" you anywhere. Crouch low, be silent...it says your not seen...but the zombies are surrounding you anyways...your on the thrid floor hiding in a small room in the back? They will path straight to your location and wait there until it officially ""sees"" you... at that point your running for your life, it will be a while before you lose them...cant sneak around either...No pause function in single player mode...hope you dont have to use the bathroom otherwise shut the game down before you walk away...the game likes to spawn mobs behind you. The game is more frustrating than fun...that is if the game actually runs for you. Also I would suggest if you have a 32bit Operating System to pass on this or upgrade your OS to 64...the crashing is realI do understand its an alpha build and its still developing...but at $25 i would expect a better product. Ive spent less for far better games."
76561198125386440,Not Recommended,251570,22358538,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,FireFox,this game was good but since the updates takes ages to load and EAC backend kicks you to home page on most servers avalible and this game gets x box one go ahead laughable
76561198033423057,Not Recommended,251570,22312785,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ACE777,"I was a big fan of this game before alpha 14 played over 800 hours it was so much fun.Why would you put in a temperature system that doesn't work its just stupid I have never commented on a game before but in it's current state I wouldn't pay $1 for this game. The temperature on the random map is beyond a joke 138 fahrenheit or 57.7 celsius for 80% of the gameplay and walking so slow that you just what to quit playing it.Please do us all a favour and take out or fix the temperature system, I dont care which one I just want to be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,251570,15180712,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Duane,"The April 2015 build took a game that was a great deal of fun and sacrificed all of that fun for ""realism"".  Less daylight per day/night cycle means more time spent doing nothing and waiting for morning.  Fog means that even if you were brave or stupid to try and get something done at night, you get killed anyway.The early game - which no one really had a problem with - has been made harder.  The basic starting tool (a stone axe) now has insuficient durability to cut down a single tree.  Trying to dig a hole to survive the first night?  You'll need five or six stone axes.Sure, the addition of the bow is nice, but nests are far less frequent and have fewer feathers.  It's also less accurate and weaker than the crossbow so you burn through more ammo.Dogs will now chase you across multiple biomes.It's obvious that the devs worked very hard on this release and their hard work shows - it looks great.  This build moves the game more towards its peers (H1Z1, DayZ) instead of away from them, and it's less fun as a result."
76561197961628561,Not Recommended,251570,33751712,Posted: 23 July,all,Nappa The Patty Cake Champ,ive been playing this game for quite some time. but the main issues with the game are the problems with making the game truely engaging. the monsters pathing is garbage the spawning of zombies has always been a problem finally the balance between zombies and players has never been fixed either you can run around with a bow and arrow and be fine all game or you have to have a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket launcher to kill a frequently spawning zombie in its current state. For the longest time I felt this game had great potential and I think it still does but I am getting to the point where I do not think it will be fulfilled so for that reason I have to give this game a negative review
,Recommended,251570,8358520,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,get back im evil :^),YES! MinecraftXDayZ but easyier to pick up on than DayZ.
,Recommended,251570,8568052,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Therion,"One of the BEST zombie survival games I've played, leaps and bounds ahead of Day Z. Its a bit overpriced at the moment, but don't let that stop you. It'll pay off."
76561198117918868,Not Recommended,251570,21556701,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sir Greedy,this game has been in early access WAY too long. DON'T BUY if you ever want a complete game.
,Recommended,251570,8813867,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"I'm changing my opinion on this game, things are getting better, especially with 1 or 2 mates to play with to share the experience, getting less lag from the server we bought, still the problem with the zombies is there but definitely getting better.<THIS IS MY OLD REVIEW>After a few days of gameplay i should say my opinion on this game, it is extremely interesting in the contents altough results often laggy, (in a continuos way), there's lot of loot to find, expecially in single player, and the crafting results quite challenging even if not complete yet. Unfortunately the zombies are a pain at night, becoming undecently aggressive and spawning in masses, givin you little time to explore during the day in order to spend most of your time crafting traps to protect yourself for the nightime. This seems a good thing of the game but becomes easily boring and repetitive as the daytime is too short in my opinion, for the day cycle, to hold that kind of gameplay. So i tried to opt for a ""no respawning"" of the zombies and the game became easily boring, not because of my lack of creativity but because it's glitchy and often laggy, when the game doesn't lag excessively, rarely, it's possible to build or mine but the process seems complicated, i find it very difficult to place the blocks, expecially the tall ones, even building a small shelter becomes stressing. This game has a lot of good premises but at the moment shouldn't cost so much."
,Not Recommended,251570,21490513,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zeonhart,"I wanted to like this game a lot. I really did. When I first started, It had an interesting concept and enough content to get an idea of the direction they were heading. But now it feels like the game has gone in some other direction, and... it's just not fun any more.Perhaps the one, single, most devastating mechanic they added to the game, that takes away any fun at all, is the grind. Anything and everything you do takes in excess of 30 seconds to several MINUTES to complete. Building a simple wall, destroying a simple tree. I get the whole ""realistic"" appeal but it doesn't translate well into gameplay mechanics. If I want to mine into the earth, I shouldn't have to do it block-by-block if each block takes a full minute to excavate. It's just fecking boring.And then they added a penalty to dying. You know what? I like penalties for death. Dark Souls is one of my favorite games of all time. But you want to know the difference? When I die in Dark Souls, it feels like it's my fault. When I die in 7DTD, it's usually because 3 zombie dogs came sprinting at me like Usain Bolt with a bad case of diarrhea, and instantly surrounded me because I have no hope in hell of ever outrunning them the moment I hear a single bark, and they tear me to shreds in seconds. Sound like I'm salty over an isolated incident? This has happened the last 10 times I've tried getting back into this game. And it's never due to my own actions, it just happens seemingly as a random event.But I'm digressing. You know what the penalty for dying is? You lose 10% of your max HP and stamina. How do you get it back? Eating food. Seems simple right? Well, eating rare food you find once in a blue moon restores half a point, and you can only eat it once every 5-10 minutes or so, granted you have more than one piece. Doesn't help if you die again, that's another 10 points you have to restore.This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,251570,24302036,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Omega Leader,"This game has been in Alpha for 3 years now. 3 years! And there seems to be no plan to go to Beta. ""Alpha 15 is coming soon, enjoy 14.7 in the meanwhile."" That's right. 15 Alpha builds. If this isn't a perfect example of a game developer trying to avoid paying taxes, I don't know what is.That being said, the game is decently fun, but gets broing and repetative rather quickly. It has also changed directions many times since launch. I can't at this time recommend paying for an Alpha build that has no indication or seemingly want to go beyond Alpha."
76561198031698017,Not Recommended,251570,30303403,Posted: 3 March,all,Rainbow Dash,"The game is great, im a big fan of it, or was.Its really exciting at start, hard, unforgiving etc. Too bad it took me around 3-4 hours to find out tricks that made the game relatively easy and therfor - boring. Next time i started the game, i've found an smg within 10 mins.More than that, after 5 hours i've started a new game with my friend, and within 25 we managed to find almost all possible weapons, nearly finish the vehicle, craft almost everything (steel tools took us 15 hours), began building the castle. I mean what is there left to do? Pimp up my skills so i can create steel axe of 600 quality instead of 340? Explore the same looking houses, the same looking forests, mountains, etc? Dig down the earth without any chance for a special hidden constructions? Lack of content hurts.Maybe i should wait for the updates, considering its an early access? Well, have fun. Developers are taking half a year to produce an update. I mean what the hell, the game has been there since 2013 yet its at alpha15, waiting since october for 16.Big shame, the game has huge potential, but it feels like the dev's kinda abandoned it, and its going to take ages to leave EA. If it ever will, because they already got their money.So, im giving it a negative review because i hate how they gave up on a game that could be truly awesome."
,Not Recommended,251570,22734424,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ventus,"Been wanting to invest time in this for years off and on. Review continues to be updatedAs of this writing, 14.5 horde bug (feral horde spawning and running right for your X,Y cords every night) makes it near unplayable.Bumped to experimental 14.6, feral bug seems fixes, but spawning still broken (such as spawning inside small house (15x15 blocks) you secured as you log in, or spawning on the street behind (5 feet away or so) just seconds after you checked). Feral Walkers on day 21 absurd jump in difficulty for two lvl 30 players (5 shotgun blasts to the face meant nothing for them).Even watched a zombie spawn (14.5 build) inside the back yard in the Land Claim Block footprint, walk into the house, up the stairs, break down bedroom door, and walk to and start hitting land claim block while we followed him 4-5 blocks behind.Fun voxel game I think, but continuely plagued by really bad Zombie AI and spawn/generation. The game really has two strong selling points, the crafting/minging/building aspect, and the zombie survial aspect. Sadly, the buggy latter completely invalidates the former."
76561197976259471,Recommended,251570,8057878,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,AZSLIMJIM,"This game has changed so much from like alpha 4 when I purchased to alpha 15. The game went from a blocky miencraft look to a smooth voxel terrain and much of the game and textures were changed or updated. It has become one of my favorite zombie games with dying light and project zomboid due to the constant desire to explore more and find more loot. The game has been continually refined and is at a level now where there is a ton of content, there is the ability to construct defenses and bases at any stage of the game depending on what materials you have access to while so being fairly realistic. You cant jsut make stone walls out of pebbles anymore, you need stone, sand... Other stuff... Cement... Survival aspects are fairly  easily fulfilled (in single player) so that it is soemthing to look at but you should never really die from starvation. Mostly it ♥♥♥♥s your wellness and you lose max hp and stamina"
76561198056695587,Not Recommended,251570,21581315,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Morghulis,"To review: Look at objectively with hindsight is my own personal dictionary definition. Having jumped on-board with a friend, we were looking for something different, he had played Rust, but the reviews kept me away. This seemed like the best deal for me, I am not a MP pew pewer or ganker or griefer. Just to old for minecraft....and I like to blow zombies heads off with shotguns. For a while 7dtd provided me with a tense, survivalish, base building experience. Even put it on creative as survival mode used to be too stressful.I wanted open world with interaction and story. I actually believed we were gonna get populated towns, with which we could interact. For the moment, we get a game where you die, until you get a base that is defendable, Combat is system dependant, and no doubt with top end you have no problem with the hitboxes, but on lower spec machines...dog=die, cops=acid that flies for miles with no regard for cover. Then again as soon as you have your farming set up....shotguns work well...even handguns do they trick, if you have built a base yourself.But that's fine, this can be remedied (although time is running out) even if the devs are not triple A level, I do think they should be scrumming this a bit tighter. But yet again a review is with hindsight, early access when this came out was relatively new on steam. So in essence there needs to be a point when early access stops. I can preorder a sofa, but I still want the sofa delivered so that I can sit on it!!!I love the tension you have at the start until the first red moon. If your base is not defendable....you can hide in the cold or warmth, changing between your lovingly scavenged beanie and football helmet, at each crack of the grass or site of a screamer.By the 4th moon, you have already built Minis tirith, with a TV lounge, bar, possibly even designed a cafeteria for your friends, who can all come and spend an evening discussing the good old days when killing zombies was hard....Don't worry you have spent the day building and planting land mines around the 'target point' as the zombies pile up one on top of each other, World War Z has alot to answer for. Your mates wait for first light, then saunter out to blast the remaining ferals, help with clear up then all go back to ..... WHAT? That's the problem open world is great, craft building is standard. This is the problem it seems with the whole game.....nothing more nothing less...There comes a point whne you ask yourself 'Why am I doing this?'.To conclude, 7dtd is not finished. It is twirling in an indecisive twister, hovering in the middle of a desert, surrounded by the skulls of many other zombie titles, and blossoming oasis that have been poisoned by DLC day 1, early access swindlers, and greedy game house management. They hope to one day find the town of triple A game houses, to discover the handbook 'To write a game in a timely manner' with it's gate unlocking bonus of 'design-develope-test-refine-RELEASE WITH A GOAL!!!'. However for the moment, I feel it still can't work out where central is.Really hope that alpha 14 gives something..really hope that alpha becomes beta with some meat on the bones....really hope that this makes sense as playing 7dtd doesn't at the moment...."
,Recommended,251570,24309711,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AfterDeath,The adult zombie version of minecraft.
,Recommended,251570,13097947,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,=BA=[The Law] JUDGE DREDD,"This is one the only early access games that i have ever played that actually is amazing, sure it has some bugs here and there but this game gets everything right, and update 10 is amazing, so many new things and fixed things, i can only imagine what the final release will be like, the fun pimps know what they're doing. but the damn game and enjoy it."
76561197960397593,Recommended,251570,12845731,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,packer4,Great game. Recommended.
,Recommended,251570,13077512,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,EnergyDashClarko,"Very cute survival game.-nice graphics,-good and logical craft-system,-pleasant gameplayThe best things is - developers always works on there game. From ver. 1 till ver. 10 was a lot of changes for better side.Also very good thing is - zomby raid is best idea for this kind of game."
,Recommended,251570,13153455,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,J-K-Taylor,Greatest Zombie Survival Game I''ve Ever Played On 11/10
76561198073182779,Recommended,251570,28495120,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Eman999,"great game I like the aspect of survival and the map, but the graphics are so,so, but the rendering for things further away is absolutly terrible, but from a gameplay standpoint its a very creative game and i would recommend it to anyone who likes survival games like such, 8 of 10 i would say."
,Recommended,251570,10932100,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nodus Tollens,"The best Zombie/Survival game I have ever played (Even in alpha), I'm expecting great things from the dev's.WayBetterThanDayZ/10"
,Recommended,251570,8139707,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,tomli123,minecraft and dayz...god game.
,Recommended,251570,8283646,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ebachura,"Update: This review is old and out of date.  The cons have been fixed.Pros: Clean interface, decent gameplay, good zombie sounds, combat can be fun (pvp too).Cons: null reference exception error (related to graphics device perhaps) that happens to a lot of people when you hit tab to see the score (not every time, but often enough to be annoying) if it happens, you have to wait and hope it stops OR end process and rejoin (which ruins your score).  Maps get old (they never change, no randomness to them really).  The crafting, though nice, is really thin and gets old (especially since the most useful items are more easily found than crafted).Suggestions to developers: Fix the tab/score issue that makes playing impossible when it occurs.  If a game is set to any kind of PVP mode (deathmatch, or with PVP switched on) make it so no one else can see your spawn point (when you lay down a bed or sleeping bag) currently this KILLS pvp.  Also, players shouldn't be given player location info simply by typing lp (listplayers) in the command menu, that's game breaking for PVP.  Also, as a server admin/host, I find it incredibly annoying that you can't ban/kick people based on steam ID and are forced to do it based on name (which they can change and which DOES NOT work for names with spaces).This game has serious potential if they fix the issues listed above and continue to add content and features.  Hopefully I won't regret buying it."
76561198054251158,Recommended,251570,8300236,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jewar,"It's fun for a while, but after that it gets kinda repeating. It needs an update"
76561198119484183,Recommended,251570,8793818,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Art (Panda),Its a crazy minecraft zombie game that you can play with other people its great
,Recommended,251570,11008655,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,NavyGunner04,"The first hour of this game I died...a lot.  But after I got used to how the game worked and how to craft things I was hooked.  While this game is in Alpha and has a few bugs or features that I hope are added at a later date, the game is actually quite polished.The best way to describe this game would be to call it a mix of minecraft and DayZ.  It has a great crafting system, tons of building on, above, and bellow ground, but it also has a survival side to it.  Not only do you have to fight off zombies but also the threat of hunger, thirst, and degrading weapons.  If you enjoyed minecraft, you will absolutly love this game."
76561198139582359,Recommended,251570,11444128,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,YanksGamer,"If your a sceptical mac user like i was, and your thinking if this game will run on a mac. I have the game and it runs smoothly. Just buy the game already! really fun love it cant wait for more!"
76561198024520957,Recommended,251570,11746454,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Celtic Titan,"Fantastic game with so much potential...im so excited to see what else is added, you guys are doing a great job KEEP IT UP!"
,Recommended,251570,11732124,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Shooter32073,"evr since this came out ive been dieng it was still good but its better YOU HAV TO HAV THIS GAME FROM THINGS THARE ADDING TO THE THANGS THEY HAVE! my fav games,The Forest,and7 days to die combines its a lot of fun hit the buy button its worth the money xD 9/10 1 downside if your playing multplayer you need a axe loot abdunce 50% that sucks it should be 100 or higher if that is fixed then it would be 10/10 but its not so so far                                                                                                                                             say's shooter32073        9/10"
76561198012226975,Recommended,251570,8255661,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Elis,"This is so good, I can't wait for all them features arriving to this game!Fantastic and classic !"
76561197971312401,Recommended,251570,8341521,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,armadon_demon,I love the mechanics of this game
76561198039319511,Recommended,251570,8341043,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SlapAndSpit,Needs cave systems to explore!!!A good game with fast updates.
,Recommended,251570,14251744,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lord Apy,I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,251570,15201900,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Deeper,"This game is great, it's too bad I only have 7 days to play it."
76561198254920620,Not Recommended,251570,24590871,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ASSASSNATOR,this game dosent work for♥♥♥♥♥♥crashes every time i make a world even on the lowest graphics
,Recommended,251570,13800500,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BAMFZone,"So its my third day of playing 7 days to die and i have a nice base in a prefab house and i saw a plane fly over my house and dropped a crate off aways. as the curious noob i am i went and looked for it and got a lot of medical stuff for myself but when i was running to the crate i entered a biome that was like a flat desert almost, but when i entered the biome it sounded like someone was whisping into my ear drum every 2 minutes. i started to get creeped out but i also found a large building and upon further investergation it was a school. And thats not the worst thing, the more that i started to search the school the louder and creepier the whisper started to become and it reminded me of a witch chanting a spell. i had to run to my base and quit thats how terrified i became.11/10 would run home crying again"
76561198042280480,Recommended,251570,25894912,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Wesley,"Its great-EditLove the game, So much has been done, I bought it when it first came out played it, Was pretty bland at first but still fun, Watching it grow was interesting never seen a game actually start from early access to beyond since most get abandoned, The devs? Amazing,FunnyHardworking Great guys, Love playing with friends, Now the game is fun alone it's better to play with people bc I feel its lacking when I play alone, Hopefully they add bandit npcs and stuff like that in the future to make it less lonesome :P"
76561198316976645,Recommended,251570,27619448,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DalaoX,Chinese
76561198099094861,Recommended,251570,28009612,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,It's like minecraft but not for 12 year olds
76561198023681565,Recommended,251570,23465847,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,bafdnd,"I have played this game for many many hours and have seen steady improvement. The game changes often enough to keep my interest, the devs seem to fix issue between patches and updates and the community is a lot of fun. I heartily recommend this game to all thinking of purchasing it!"
76561198101240026,Recommended,251570,11762552,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,viper16,7 Days To Die is an outstanding game with great gameplay. The graphics arent so good but the map is huge and the idea of the game is sweet. They did great with their update. The gameplay is not laggy but super smooth. it is worth the money
,Recommended,251570,13148413,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Princessjemkat,Awesome.. Still some bugs to work out.. But it definitely makes your heart race.
76561198056142927,Recommended,251570,14454900,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,syskilla,"This game is an absolute blast. There are always challenges, always things you need to do to survive. The devs communicate with community very often and the future of the game looks very bright!"
76561198038247860,Recommended,251570,14457579,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheMan,"Pros-you can build a castle (something i wanted to do in castlestory but....stupid npc's wont do anything)-You can go into a burn zone, and be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when a pack of dogs come out of no where-You can dig a hole in the ground and live like a hermit-You can pretend your playing dayz and murder every other human player you see-You can die from diarrhea-You can hide in your house at night, hearing the moans of the undead as they destory your corn fieldCons-you cant crouch to keep yourself from falling off of thing like in minecraft(building a roof at a slant is near impossible, unless you use alot of wood frame to walk on)-If you use the random map generation then you can walk around for a half-hour looking for a building-needs a merchant, or human npc's to trade with or get missions from-at night all you can do is crouch and do nothing or the zombies will hear you and beat the crap out of your house-there are cars everywhere, but you can't drive any of themTips-always make the walls of your house two blocks thick with a metal outer layer-make sure you live near a water source for convience-use more than one camp fire and furnace to do stuff, using one takes too long-If you dig down deep enough, you can dig at night and the zombies wont hear you-Dont play by yourself, it gets boring if you dont have a friendI recommend this game to anyone who likes minecraft, dayz, or sny of these words Building, first-person-shooter, multiplayer,zombies"
76561197962275926,Recommended,251570,14706284,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,(FOCK) Mikie J,"This game, although in early stages, has progressed well (except for a small hat update that no one cared about). The team seem to be moving along well with reasonable and regular updates and improvements.  The graphics have improved tenfold since initial purchase.http://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/Played mainly on my own server with friends which is awesome when you want to make big♥♥♥♥♥bases and just loot towns. However this process can become boring as you soon amass loads of kit and just spend your time defending your base beacuase youve just wasted 10 hours building it LOL.Played first time on a public server and must say I had a a laugh. This approach to the zombie survival sim is so much better than Dayz. Dayz is pretty much 80% a walking sim, 7DTD is so much more - im just hoping they add NPC and tasks/missions to make it more interesting.Is it worth £18.99 - possibly, If the price on steam or humble bundle is anything below this then its a must."
,Recommended,251570,12048052,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"The game has been corrected, and bugs are still being squashed. I think if we give this game time, it will be an amazing game."
76561198148912761,Recommended,251570,14490483,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cross_Roadz,Amazing sandbox survival game
,Recommended,251570,14670945,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,the mac attack,"First of all this is not an easy or casual game by any means, that is if you are playing with enemies in the game and not on peaceful mode like a casual. A straightforward survival game with in depth crafting and building. Takes a little bit to get a hang of but once you do it's a very rewarding experience. The graphics aren't amazing and seem a little dated, but, if you can get past that the game experience is worth it. I've never regretted this buy."
76561197998280544,Recommended,251570,10955370,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FRESH MEAT,♥♥♥♥ THE REDQUEEN SHE IS A ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT MY MONEY BACK.10/10 it's okay.
76561198147612987,Recommended,251570,24713592,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DeadDogMason,AWSOME FOR PALJOSAW
76561198295777836,Recommended,251570,29732969,Posted: 5 February,all,Stupidest Noob,gud
76561198155598627,Recommended,251570,14666353,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Avonaco,"this is a great game, I recommend this game because it teachs people about the importants of tactic changing from day to day, and that is the reason I like this game. and I do recommend it for those who are seeking an true survival horde game."
,Recommended,251570,23418764,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Good Luck,Lots of zombie stomping fun plus a great crafting feature.PVP is good - trust nobody.
,Recommended,251570,11760921,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,BearsGoRawr,"This is definitely the best survival/open world crafting game I have ever played.  The game is difficult and you need to be smart in order to survive.  Don't count on going all out against the zombie horde, you will die.  The whole point of the game is to acquire resources, create a safehouse and defend it with your life.  More than likely you will die... a lot but the more you play the smarter you will get and you'll figure out the best way to go about it.  If you enjoy a challenge, open world exploration, crafting, and killing zombies... GET THIS GAME!  You won't regret it.  Beats the hell out of Minecraft and it is only in Alpha!"
76561198062342581,Recommended,251570,11760654,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Showta,I LOVE this game! Its only in alpha and its fantastic...I have high hopes for the product when it reaches release form.
76561197997428661,Recommended,251570,10771043,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RapidTaco,SO ♥♥♥♥IN HARD... but it is as hard as it is awesome. Deifintly worth a shot
,Recommended,251570,10283440,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hat Huck Hill,I have a love-hate relationship with this game. I love the gameplay but hate the lag. Same goes for deticated servers.
,Recommended,251570,14599863,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Fluffyturtle21,"SUCH a fun game! I'm usually the one to play by myself, but sometimes I play with my friends too. It's a great game overall and I think it has a lot of potential. Still waiting for more updates!My favorite thing about this game is that you can find books to read so you can craft more things. You start out very basic with a stone axe, then you make more things like crossbows, or guns.The one thing that I think the game could improve on, is that sometimes when the supply crates come (crates that a plane drops off every 3 days, usually) they will land in the radiation, and you can't go there.Still a great game, definitely should buy.Hoped this help you decide :)"
76561197979435407,Recommended,251570,13761758,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,P§yChO,GG
,Recommended,251570,15551424,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kanki,"First time spawn in desert, near town. Run to nearest building, turn out to be zombie nest, die. Restart the game ( id ont want to respawn). Spawn in green area, wondering the land, trying to build a base while read a forum until night fall, overun by zombie, die again. So damn ♥♥♥♥ing hard to survive for beginer.This is game is about you as one of survivor in past apocalypse, which try to survive in surrounding zombie area, since this is sandbox game then there is no end to it unless you die (you then can spawn again). You will be given a torch, a tin food, a glass of water, Land Claim (for MP) for starter  kit, and must survive as long as you can. You can then craft an axe, gun, bullet, concrete, minibike, etc by learning from skill book which obtain from scavengeEdit :My review now based on 12.4 patch, game seems to be in BETA now, though there is still something which is need to fix, but in all this game is really something.Graphic has been enhanced, though the sky sometimes a bit weird (foggy or a bit grey?) the gameplay it self is really enjoyable. Game mechanic and physic implement are really something (this is a compliment)."
,Recommended,251570,10850312,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Grave,"Good game. If you like Minecraft and Zombies - this is the game for you. Basically the whole world can be deconstructed and rebuilt, like Minecraft but with the constant threat of zombies and zombie hordes. One of the best survivalist games I have played, challenging and random at times. Found myself in situations that are just not possible in other zombie games at the moment. Also has the option for singleplayer worlds, unlike other zombie MMO games like DayZ. The graphics are okay and this game is only going to improve."
,Recommended,251570,17119192,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Warbit,"After playing over 1300 hours.ConsNo Tutorial---You will have to watch a video on youtbe to learn the basics.  on youtube search bar type 7dd tutorial watch short one 5 minutes to get the basic.)Buggy---They are constant adding feature and sometimes new features break things. Thankfully the fix game breaking bugs fast maybe 5 daysExpect game to be challenging---I sugggest play at easiest level first till you learn basics---then boost up to nomad levelGame will changeif you don't like current version you can roll back to earlier versionHow to revert to earlier version of 7dtd on Steam?https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0CCIQFjAAahUKEwjoq_C3t-bGAhVBnIAKHUsTACA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsteamcommunity.com%2Fapp%2F251570%2Fdiscussions%2F0%2F626329820765504308%2F&ei=sTGrVaiPBMG4ggTLpoCAAg&usg=AFQjCNEiA2RXGG7eyrjSJ81S9_XLqu9sOA&bvm=bv.98197061,d.eXYCan be laggy even on good machines.--- We usually restart computer after 4 to 6 hours of play (our machine probably barely meets the recommend standards)ProsFun as heck me and Gf have over 1k hours on gameFarmingplayable on 32 bit linuxCrraftingHuntingBashing Zombies in head with spiked club.See offical site for mods (I am not sure if steam has them)https://7daystodie.com/forums/showthread.php?30227-7DTD-Alpha-12-Full-mod-list!Truthfully we where spending 50 dollars every 2 weeks to a month aftter buying game we glanced at store page maybe 4 times and two times where to buy her son and grandson 7 days to die.One last not make sure tor system is up to game minimums and better yet recommend specs. If not buy better machine. Then purchase."
,Not Recommended,251570,24580534,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Callsign DickButt,"Game constantly not responding, takes a long time to load. Not worth it"
76561198035686397,Recommended,251570,14375450,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chairman Ming,"Honestly, this is the best Zombie game I think I've ever played. It combines every key feature that I've always wanted from a survival horror game like this. The devs have made an excellent game, and seem genuinely excited about it, which is an invaluable trait for devs to have."
,Recommended,251570,16942231,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,CreeperYTber,"My only issue is my laptop, because it has low fps on the game.But for who has a good pc is pretty good game, if not the best game of Zombies."
76561198126115646,Recommended,251570,17174774,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,70 nigga,"Great game, but needs polishing up to do.  Lots of depth, and hours of gameplay. 10/10 Got stuck in a zombie's foot."
76561198154997221,Recommended,251570,23595838,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Seven,Very fun game if you like crafting style games.  Very versatile in the fact that you can build and create or choose carnage with zombies and hordes or do both!  Challenging and yet not too difficult to master the mechanics.
76561198174619442,Recommended,251570,24016512,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TheWorldWarrior,With only 12.4 hrs on I think I can do a basic review on the game. Being stated that 12.4 hours was in one whole day of playing the game now time for the review. This is what you wished minecraft and dayz could be you could dig a tunnel mine resources and survive the impossible. Every 7 days is horde night thus is why its called 7 days to die the moon will turn red. When that happens you better be prepared for anything may get no zombies or you may get 1034523591286324 zombies in that case anything you built if you don't kill them bye bye to your structure now PvP I've never experienced pvp fight in a full server this 12.4 hours so getting into pvp fights is rare I only ran into 2 other people other than my friends and they told us to go awayMy recommendation is to build far away and in the wasteland so you ain't got to worry about anything but your self
,Recommended,251570,24018467,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Танцор Колян,"NIce Game,Nice life,NIce dead"
76561198210143632,Recommended,251570,30109930,Posted: 22 February,all,4x4 Hunt,The game is so great. You may think this is just a casual zombies survival game. You are terribly wrong. It gets intense. Cant wait for Alpha 16.
76561198210610699,Recommended,251570,30106354,Posted: 22 February,all,General ★ MeNdOsA,best game
,Recommended,251570,29698872,Posted: 4 February,all,§Pug'sWorld§,"I rate this game 10/10 worth the money. Surviveing in a zombie world is so much fun, build houses, protect your house from day 7 horde's loot places and survive. If your a person who like survive games and zombie games get this game!"
76561198095986000,Recommended,251570,11171905,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Arctrooper Rob,Very fun
76561198089471401,Recommended,251570,11152325,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cline3896,love this game.. it can be frustrating at times but overall a fun and entertaining experience.
,Recommended,251570,14344023,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Vape,"NEEDS CARSSSS!!!!!! But still good game. IF U LOVE THE WALKING DEAD TV SHOW, THEN GET THIS GAME!!! IT'S THE SAME THING!!!"
76561198031708313,Recommended,251570,14434808,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Scott,For an early access game this has a lot to offer.  Just enough settings when starting the game so you can set your options and get right into playing. You immediately have to start gathering resources to construct weapons and gather food and water.  It's intense!
76561198173466615,Recommended,251570,17670815,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,XXXTentacion,"I love the game, lmao :) 11/10"
76561198060482882,Recommended,251570,17685243,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Scorpion,"One of the best games I have ever played and it is getting better.The list of things to do just keeps getting longer.Farm, hunt, mine, explore, learn skills, all while fighting off zombies.Rangomly generated worlds offers infinite replayability and is  populated by points of intrest.Such as small towns, ruined cities, factories, campgrounds, underground bunckers, ets.Major updates to add features every few monthsMinor updates to fix bugs every few weeks.Several developers activly gathering players feedback and ideas in the steam forums.While they certainly can't make everyone happy, they are clearly doing their best to create the best game possible."
76561198055343961,Recommended,251570,17687614,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheEnthusedSkink,"The only thing I don't like about this game is the combat. It's clunky as heck, but other than that, it's a really fun game of wandering around and picking flowers."
,Recommended,251570,17804011,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,dream?,This game is loads of fun but it runs like crap and I can't fully play it until I upgrade my computer which will be soon (hopefully). It's fun but it runs like crap on my outdated system.
76561198053933900,Recommended,251570,17832920,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,kharma1425,"There is a LOT of promise in this game.  Many aspects are fleshed out and functioning well.  The physics model with respect to crafting structures is a challenge in itself.  Crafting is not tedious with the ability to select from a list of available items.  The zombies are challenging and, when night falls, a serious threat early game.  The hordes keep even mid to late game difficulty very real and I continue to find myself checking what day it is just so i don't get caught unawares.  It is fun to try and survive from nothing but what you can initially find and craft."
,Recommended,251570,17853837,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,* cs.money * WatchYourBack,"7 DAYS TO DIE REVIEWthis game has alot of potential and great things to offer for buyers how ever at the current state u really have to like this game to be able to play. their are graphic issues, lag issues, bugs even though i have a high end rig. i personely love this game just becouse your able to create your own building with a wide range of objects using a wide rage of tools their is also another problem on multiplayer, their is almost no zombies and this could be becouse of the server settings or bad spawning.i think when this game is polished it is going to be amazing"
,Recommended,251570,17857471,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Godsblade,"This game, being pre-Alpha or Alpha or Beta or whatever, is ""unfinished"" and I know that. I knew that when I bought it. I had my fun with it and I did enjoy it. While I do not play it much anymore, I still do come back to it from time to time. However, this is a ""zombie survival simulator/game"" which is one of the many in the over-saturated genre of zombies. Because of this, I only recommend this game if you are sure you know that you want to buy this single one. Compared to other games like it, it is not very different. If you see something different from this game to others, consider buying it."
,Recommended,251570,17959846,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,J5Dev,"Quite possibly one of the best games ive purchased in recent years.Its not trying to be anything other than itself, no copycat elements and a great development cycle (no long waits for more content) make this stand out above and beyond anything else in recent months/years!"
76561198015329214,Recommended,251570,13726245,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Pooper,"So I bought this while its on sale when I recieved a £20 voucher from santa.Here's my story.Oh change graphics setting, new game, oh I want a small night cycle.Lets start this B*tch!So I spawn in a snowy place where the sound is...rather cheap but creepy!I was stealthy untill i released YOLO SPRINT! found cars search then it takes 5 seconds F*ck that! I hear zombies everywhere! RUN!I found a town while I was being chased. Thank god I lost themI start searching house, A zombie spotted me I punched that b*tch till she dropped I attracted more attention sh*t!I ran in a differant house shut the back door...to find out the front door is locked.. I went upstairs check the back and OMFG never seen soo my chicks at my door...but for all the wrong reasons they broke it and I was like f*ck this ALT+f4 saved the day! never playing this again!"
,Recommended,251570,15945902,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sniper Fox [DLS],H1Z1 = annihilated.Go ahead and uninstall it while you're waiting for Steam to download 7 Days To Die.
,Recommended,251570,13487385,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,N1tsuD,"Very nice, Very nice."
76561198042447768,Recommended,251570,13235085,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,CaptainEasypants,"Takes a little play to figure out but once it does it's awezzvmdsnvdgbx vvm,s.xbc . dsfdc"
76561198142003189,Recommended,251570,16372307,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Literal God,It is a great game with so many different locations to set up shop and it is totally worth the money!!
,Recommended,251570,28738910,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,●●peace●●,NICE SURVIVAL GAME
,Recommended,251570,13014217,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Hindsy,All good But i hav ONE problem ONE. The game cant connect to my steam acount? Can someone please help me
,Recommended,251570,13063237,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dragonbain,best game i have played in a LONG time..  best customization i have seen in a while... just a very well done game.. cant wait till the full release.
,Recommended,251570,12827014,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Harvey. Dexter. Kelly,"I bought the 2-pack, one for my brother. It was the gravest mistake made ever.It was 2 in the morning, after an intense 3+ hours of 7 days to die, I tried to take a rest for the night.I spent the next hour tossing and turning, thinking of how to fortify my home in case of zombies attack.I was comforted by the idea that we have a tall concrete wall surrounding my house and a small plot of land to plant some vegetations. But we got a low gate, that is bad, got to make some planks.The next day, my brother attacked me because he became a zombie. I tried to hit him with my fist and back stepping while I am at it. Needless to say, I got away safely.We are planning our next game (he recovered, thanks to the vaccination), we will be safe this time, we learned how to cook proper food, surviving on blueberries are no joke. We got proper defence weapon, sanitation and building knowledge. We will survive. We will win this fight.10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,251570,12960422,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TechKicker33,Fun with friends.  sometimes i just want to build more than hunt zombies.
76561197970922408,Recommended,251570,12967326,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Feral,"Superb, Addictive, slightly buggy.  Its currently in Alpha, so there are a few bugs, but suprisingly not that many compared to some games, this game is good enough to play now.Once it is finished i think it will be a success, but may need new content every now and again to keep the game from getting repetative."
,Recommended,251570,13027197,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Korlac,"This game has the polish that DayZ lacks, and gives you much more freedom for base building and crafting your survival tale."
76561198115575545,Recommended,251570,10913038,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Schmitty,"I sometimes say that 7 Days to Die is a MINECRAFT wanna be in a zombie outbreak, but I really like the way they put this together and how it works. The stuff that you can create in this is amazing and in my oppinion that its worth the money you spend, however, if you have a messed up or laggy PC than don't buy it. What I'm trying to say is this game is probably the best game I've ever played on STEAM besides Garry's Mod but it really brings out the joy of learning new things, but that's just my opinion. Theres one thing that troubles me in this game though, I honestly think that some of the things you want to craft in this are sometimes verry hard to find and craft, and ummm.... I don't even know how to forge Iron Ingots and I can't find it on Youtube, and even thats sad for me, and if anybody can show or tell me how to do so then contact me. And another thing, I have the old version so you'll need to show how there."
,Recommended,251570,12027165,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Ph.G.,"I rarely ever write reviews for titles that I purchase on Steam, but I have to make an exception for 7 Days To Die.  A little over a year ago this title was Alpha Version 1.0 - I purchased it around Alpha version 7.xx, and started playing extensively with Alpha version 9.0 and their release of procedural random world generation.  Three weeks ago.  It is now Alpha Version 9.2.This early access title is being aggressively and ambitiously developed.  The team is dedicated to making it the best experience it can be, and you can tell by how rapidly the versions have iterated in the past 12 months.  Hence this is one of the few Early Access titles that I feel very good about purchasing, and would recommend easily.As for the actual game itself:  Have you ever played Minecraft and just wished there was more *game* behind the creativity and exploration?  Have you ever wanted that Day Z experience, but with base construction and an interface that isn't extremely awkward?  You're looking at the perfect game to scratch those itches.I like to describe this experience in two separate ways.First:   7 Days to Die is ""Minecraft for Adults"".  The crafting and creativity aspects of the game come close to rivaling minecraft - and some would argue that it surpasses minecraft.  While the world is a fully destructible voxel world (blocks), the engine generates a mesh between natural blocks to make the world appear more smooth and realistic - it works very well, most of the time.  There are several types of materials you can craft with, upgradable blocks, and a growing list of doodads and decorative objects with lots of potential.  The game provides sloped, outer corner and inner corner block types of several varieties that can be rotated to many orientations before being placed, allowing a wide variety of interesting shapes and designs.  Not to mention, 7 Days actually features a rudimentary structural physics system - that's right, if your building is built poorly or out of the wrong materials, it can collapse, especially when hordes of zombies start pounding on it!Second:  This is the world's first Vietcong Simulator.  Scavenging is vital to survival, and you will eventually put together crappy, crude guns with salvaged scrap material.  You will dig holes filled with pungee sticks.  You will hide in dirt hovels, on the verge of starvation, waiting in ambush for an unsuspecting player to shoot them and steal their food.  You will craft handmade explosive traps out of scavenged car parts and candy tins that you will leave on the ground behind you in a desperate attempt to kill the bandits hunting you.  You will try to prevent people from detonating your house.  You will build underground bunkers and tunnels to hide and travel between locations unseen.  The PVP in this game is nothing short of intense - combat is lethal and unforgiving, and every action a player does will make a sound.  Opening your inventory, changing your weapon, applying a bandage, eating or drinking, looking at your map, ALL of it makes noise... and it can be heard both by zombies and other players.  PVP is using your ears and your brain to get the drop on your opponent, whilst being aware of your own noise levels and carefully sneaking to outmaneuver them.When I started playing this game with the Procedural World update, I had less than 5 hours in game.  All you need to do is look at my time played now to know exactly what I think of it.  I bought this instead of Rust or Day Z, and I couldn't be happier."
76561198134957172,Recommended,251570,24327119,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,C'est la vie,Nyaman
76561198062775309,Recommended,251570,23616244,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Aryam,"I've been a player for years and this is my no. 1 position EVER! I love it! Game has REALLY few and not too sirious bugs for an Alpha. Heck, many final versions I played had more. But even if your new update has some I wouldn't worry, cuz the guys working on it are really great! They roll out updates like machines, make hotfixes within a DAY or TWO since new version bug reports. They add TONS of cool really climatic stuff in every version. The motions and physics keep getting better and better...The WORST thing I can say about this after almost 2 thousand hours is... It's got somwhat high requirements. :) Some games with comparable graphics (which are top notch) have visible advantage on hardware-performance efficiency... But that is perfectly normal for Alpha's and Beta's since, performance is usually the last thing you smoothen out before finishing a product... And this game is still growing.Extreme freedom, Incredible attention to detail... Constant fixes and upgrades. Like I said. Best game I played in my entire life AND it is still getting better!Buy 2-packs in bunches cuz multi is awesome as wel as single. Was worth every penny for me.OH! I love zombies (in a non-creepy way) but if someone doesn't... You can easily turn z's off which makes this a pure survival or PVP game! I also have to mention a huge freedom in settings. A great many aspects of a world you make are configurable and editable with an ingame menu.Just... Limitless freedom and realism. :)"
,Recommended,251570,23276848,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,VΛSID,"So I'm making this review specifically to counter the people saying ""They should work on polishing the features they put in instead of putting in new ones that break the game"". These people have no clue how programming works, or what an Alpha is. Polishing up exisiting systems is something you do in a Beta, not an Alpha. In an Alpha you're still adding in the systems planned out for the game, and each time you introduce a new one it's bound to break something, so while you squash bugs when you see them, the real focus in an Alpha is making all the systems, not polishing them. If you have a problem with buggy games and aren't just the type to deal with it and carry on, then don't buy the game until it enters it's Beta stage (or maybe even final release), period.Also if you think the dogs are impossible you need to seriously get good.Now for my real review:For me Minecraft, while a fun concept, always got boring because once I've built whatever lovely building or statue I wanted to build there was absolutely no purpose to it from then on other than my vanity. 7 Days to Die is amazing becuase it's harsh world and the 7th day hordes that come for you give you a damn good reason to build and maintain structures. Add to it the survival elements and other planned features and you have what in my opinion is already the best Zombie game ever made, and one that is frankly only getting better as they add more features. Once it's finished this game will be a monster.I've logged a long time with this game, playing both solo and with friends. It's a solid experience but it's clearly still being worked on so my recommendation is twofold: 1) only buy this game now if you can deal with bugs and your progress getting wiped every time a new major Alpha comes out. and 2) Keep in mind that as an alpha this game is a resource hog, so don't think that you can get by with the minimum specs. If your computer can't handle it or you don't want to deal with bugs then give this game a pass until it at least reaches Beta.Other than not being finished and having the bugs you'd expect from an Alpha, the game is quite fun, and even more so with friends so if you can get past it's current state I'd highly recommend it. Like I said though, when it's finished it will be amazing, so you might just want to wait for that as well."
76561198149619873,Recommended,251570,23497790,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,CookieNoGood,"Great game, alot of these things are in rust well this game is more like Rust but a BIG♥♥♥♥♥map although you should make dogs get tired when you chase them or all animals, for example you are running from a dog for 10 minutes and it hasnt gotten tired, make it stop for 1 minute and gain stamina or stuff like that 8/10 game (p.s.too much grass causes lag)(p.s. please make a option to disable that)"
,Recommended,251570,23507564,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,acid_byte,"Fun game. I'm not usually a fan of zombies but the exploration is great, crafting/skill system is really cool, the combat as well.Still a good amount of things that need fixing, and while the devs seem to take a long time to fix certain bugs, they are still regularly releasing content/improvement updates that really make the gameplay better and a lot more fun with each update."
76561198038478839,Recommended,251570,23608300,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,rileyrat5x,great game
76561198128356463,Recommended,251570,23426277,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,General-_-dude,"7 Days to Die is a game where you are thrown against everything the game has to offer. You have to survive against zombies, wild animals, starvation, dehydration, and worst of all the updates.....the game revolves around progressing your character, finding food, shelter, weapons, and surviving the night against hordes of zombies that come crashing in and destroying pretty much everything you have worked for. Even though the game isnt fully out yet, the game is really fun to play with or even against freinds. you can build and survive together or see which one of you are the better surviverCons-one of the biggest problems with the games is the fact that if you spent hours building your house, the next update will most likely wipe all of your saves. this happened multiple times to me already and i am kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥another con would be that the graphics style isnt for everyone... It kinda goes off a more retro (i guess) style of game.even with the art being kinda bad and the fact that your saves will most likely have to be erased after getting further in the game... the game is a blast to play with freinds or even online..... Its kinda like a child of rust and dayz but with zombies actually being a problem and you usually dont get raided every game you play. all in all, i believe everyone should at least try this game once10/10 would restart again"
76561198222562872,Recommended,251570,23445224,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TJReds,This i a very good quality game and the graphics are good. I am always intrested in it and could play hours at a time if i had the time. To get used to the controls you should play without zombies at the beginning then when you are a bit mire experienced you should bring them in. I highly recommend this game to others. (I was not payed for posting this review!!)
,Recommended,251570,23407615,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sween,This is a fun survival game with continuous updates from the devs.
76561198079555945,Recommended,251570,23368377,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mathewmorris,"after 130 hours i got to say this is a very good game everytime i play i start a new game because every game is different one game i make a base deep underground and the next i fortify an old sandwich shop i mean ive never seen a game as diverse as this and i highly recommend this game to any survival/builder enthusiast,"
,Recommended,251570,22977197,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,A Tomato,Good game but can be unstable needs more items but good for alpha
,Recommended,251570,23362258,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,DemonsWrath,"This is an amazing game.I highly recommend it to anyone.Nothing like building a fortress to protect yourself from zombies,just to get killed by a hornet on the Blood moon.Or, the ******* millions of times scavenging and getting rap** by zombie dogs.(You quickly learn to hate them, they're fast as hell and strong.)Note to anyone that decides to take the plunge, any walls make sure they're lipped.Spider zombies can and will climb walls.It may seem expensive, but, truly worth it.If you wish to see more, add me and I'll let you view my game at present.200/10 zombies."
76561198058784889,Recommended,251570,13950034,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sirioth,"At first i thought this might be another day Z knockoff, but after putting some time into it, i came to really enjoy this game over other survival horror games. i would recomend it to anyone that enjoys survival games in general. cant wait to see what they do with it. 7.5 out of 10 for the version that its at right now. good game over all."
,Recommended,251570,13537976,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Outlaw,Still in Alpha yet one of the best games I have on my steam library of over 20 games!
,Recommended,251570,13696276,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Chuckles,"Soooo fun, can't ever stop playing for too long."
,Recommended,251570,13915829,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Reaper827,One of the best zombie games I've played
76561198111241664,Recommended,251570,13934576,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hanis,This game eats your time.
,Recommended,251570,30657015,Posted: 21 March,all,mxboy11801,THE MOST FUN GAME YET
76561198152184881,Recommended,251570,13789381,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jhaejhae,"Very Awesome game.. I have been playing for quite some time now. I played on a buddys computer before buying on here.. I would highly reccomend this game. Remember that it is a Alpha stage game so there are bugs, but the devs are constanly adding updates to it so you get to watch this game grow.."
,Recommended,251570,13704575,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nik0lai,My friend shot the window while a horde was walking by. what happened next was a mix of breaking blocks screaming and my now dead friend. 10/10
76561198042563245,Recommended,251570,13771151,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dweer,excellent game with frquent updates from the devs.
76561198082407498,Recommended,251570,13789752,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Justin279,"Even when i had full iron armor i couldn't stop the zombie puke, I died probably 25-30 times before i could figure anything out. Once i did though the game was fantastic.10\10  would get puked on again"
76561198083973925,Recommended,251570,32094657,Posted: 31 May,all,Dan,"Love this game, played it with my brother loads of times.We built a little defense on some farm barn, we was doing really ♥♥♥♥ing well actually we survived so many nights got so much loot and put it in our chests!...Then one horrible, HORRIBLE NIGHT this Copper zombie came and we was like LOL LOOK A COP! Shoot it! It started to spit at us and I said oh that hit the railing we should repair that and my brother was all like ""Haha no it's fine he can't reach us"" then all of a sudden in the next 5 seconds we LOST EVERYTHING when the cop decided to enter his self-destruct sequence :c as our barn fell to pieces block by block just collapsing on itself and we fell in our own spike pit that was under our railings, such a sad sad loss... ♥♥♥♥ tha police... Kappa.R.I.P♥♥♥♥♥♥HQ you will be missed.Don't mess with the cops, they mean buisness."
,Recommended,251570,33176701,Posted: 3 July,all,✌SprayNpray✌,Very positive go for it
76561197967003720,Not Recommended,251570,13278160,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Pluvius,"Do NOT buy this game until you read they have made the option to disable the zombie dogs... glitchy as hell, infect and bledd you every time, this game would be awesome but they made the dogs so OP it completly and totally ruins it..."
76561198071769788,Recommended,251570,33164000,Posted: 2 July,all,The Dark Umbra,"Great game, It has a single player mode ;howeve mulitplayer is where it is at get a couple of friends and a server and you will be killing all the zombiescheers"
76561198292655052,Recommended,251570,32117087,Posted: 1 June,all,[TBE]Jacob_GB,"Let's keep this short, between my three steam accounts I've played over 2000 hours on this game (this being the least played one). This game is beautiful, and is especially great for the money.I never get bored of this game and I'm always happy to load the game up and see what I want to do next. Be it gun down some zombies, build a base, or blow up buildings with a surprisingly good physics engine, this game has shown me all of that and more.If you are considering buying this game, don't hesitate. Just do it and play! From an avid gamer to you, you genuinely won't regret it! Look up some youtube videos as there are literally tens of thousands because this games is just so great. But all I say is buy it, because it's worth every penny and more!"
,Recommended,251570,8861934,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Woxy,Awesome game totaly worth the money althought it has minor bugs here and there but afterall it is in alpha just epic game. 9/10
,Not Recommended,251570,22742915,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Crimsonhead666,SteamOS / Linux version unplayable. Graphics broken. Otherwise a fine game.
,Recommended,251570,14759089,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,rejka89,"I love this game.This can be clearly seen in hours played. Must however back up the complaint - I rented my own server for this and the multiplayer cheating is just horrific. Don't want to play single player forever and also tired of half of China spawning next to my hard work & flinging bombs around.Come on guys, sort the cheating issues please."
,Recommended,251570,16411178,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,G*59 Aydenbeta Skin.Trade,I used to have this game so i was used to the layout of 7days2diefirst went on a server and got trapped in a housethen 2 guys rescued me and gave me♥♥♥♥♥♥and i helped them make a secure compoundfun10/10
76561198353711555,Recommended,251570,31897886,Posted: 22 May,all,Project.Infinity03,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing,  i have 300+ hours and im still not bored"
,Recommended,251570,10855285,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,imberMight,"Basically like Minecraft for big kids, with much better textures, models, etc. Find a house, make it your own, build it up, and fortify it - all while being attacked my zombies of various types and battling the elements.It has been in development for a really long time, and there is no real end in sight, but updates happen pretty often and the devs are very involved with the community."
,Recommended,251570,30350213,Posted: 5 March,all,princess chelsu ♕,"The most interesting game I've ever played, hands down. My beloved."
,Recommended,251570,8356804,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Dictator,Where is the refund button? Honestly....
,Recommended,251570,10782553,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,multipass,this is a great game and well worth the money i bought it when it was not on sale the crafting in this game is incredible and it is hella fun to play with your freinds on teamspeak just trying to survive the updated it when they come out with new updates and also its still in a work in progress so you all know what that means but other then that the only thing they probibly will work on are the graphics when there done fixing everything else other then that i have had no problems with this game and still find myself playing it so if its on sale or not buy it
76561198129700200,Recommended,251570,10678509,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Etemon-sama,"I greatly recommend this game to all hardcore gamers. If you're not difficulty crazed, then stop read ing at this period, because 7 Days to Die is a wonderful game, especially in alpha stage on my broken computer. There are few bugs, but not big enough to stop you from playing. I normally hate trying to gather resouces in other games, but this changed my view. As I said, amazing for alpha stage.999999999/10"
76561198057992713,Recommended,251570,8116980,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DAiiCHiix,Such ZombiesMuch BlocksMany RealismWow
76561198061299903,Recommended,251570,9034011,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,blastois2222™,it's a fun game and i can not wait to play the full version.
,Recommended,251570,24082880,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AerospaceFox,"This game is great. But my only warning is, this game is very stressfull, mainly the zombie dogs, avoid them at all costs. I would not recomend this game to newer gamers, this game is more for gamers that have a lot of skill."
76561198014673288,Recommended,251570,24079543,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,furiousrath,"This game is by far the best survival game I've played.  It is updated often and constantly improving.  This is the kind of game you can keep coming back to.  I always buy new games, play them for a bit, and then come back later for a whole new experience."
76561197970369942,Recommended,251570,24079679,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kylros,"Zombies! Zombies! Zombies!  Oh...and some crafting thrown in for good measure.Seriously though, while I have clocked numerous hours on this title (and will continue to), it needs more zombies in the world.  With a regularly scheduled zombie horde every 7 days, you essentially have 6 days to scavenge, build, and prepare.  Yes, there are smaller random hordes in-between, but personally, I WANT MORE!SIDE NOTE:  Yes, the grpahics could be better (i.e. different engine), but don't judge this game purely on its looks.  It's still pretty damn fun for you and your friends.Turn up the zombies to feral, and try to survive.... I dare you.This Naga approves!-Team Naga"
76561198129435007,Recommended,251570,24081448,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fabio The Fabulous,"Just keep in mind, that this game is realy realy hard. But thats what makes it fun, and not like minecraft."
,Recommended,251570,24082163,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,200 hours of Huniepop,"Well it's a definite yes from me, Bob."
76561198045007383,Recommended,251570,24080601,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,B4RON,You can throw literally human♥♥♥♥♥♥at figuratively human ♥♥♥♥♥11/10
76561198301063332,Recommended,251570,24082862,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SharkGeel,"Awesome game, I would definitely recommend it."
76561198027959163,Recommended,251570,24094262,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Psimon85,"Finally a decent survival game that works well with friends. The crafting works, the items look good and the game keeps you engaged with something to do.The only small downside is the poor melee combat (zombies can hit you from quite far away) but it's by no means a deal breaker.Just survived the 21 day hoard with a friend in our fortress. I had just returned that day with plenty of resources and schematics from our first outpost, surprising my friend by showing up on our first mini bike."
76561198004115655,Recommended,251570,25306423,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Silver,"I've been playing 7DTD for quite some time now. From much earlier in the Alpha up until the Current major Release.What can I say about this game? It's a load of fun! I pick it up, go on a zombie murdering spree. And put it down after a month or two. Just to pick it up again when the next major release gets announced.It's a lot of fun, but damned if it doesn't have it's fair share of suspense and jump scares (Looking at you Zombie Dogs)I highly recommend this game if you like survival titles, zombie mashem ups, and pretty savage gameplay at higher difficulties.My only real gripe is once you reach the end-game you have little incentive to continue. Though the journey to that point is lengthy. And as with all good things, they must come to an end!Pros:+ Sense of Growth; You feel like you're making real progress in your survival adventure+ No Punches Pulled; This game is going to kill you, over and over. And you're going to take it like a Scrub. Survive or die.+ Good ControlsCons:- Sound FX; Though much improved overtime, the audio balancing especially with certain tools is painful.- Major releases usually cause incompatibility issues with save data. Somewhat annoying.- Some AI Spawning mechanics are a bit unfair (as of the time of this writing) Looking at you Dog hordes spawning 5 inches from my face. This can be frustrating at times."
76561198134006949,Recommended,251570,25379630,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Puddlz,great game love it wish more of my friends played
76561198144316582,Recommended,251570,25400473,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Rakatak,"This is the kind of game where you can have an absolute blast with a couple of your friends in your own server. None of my hours have gone into any PvP servers or the like, but for a game to kill time with some buddies, it's phenomenal. The game's survival mechanics are an excellent blend of grind but not too much as you can make a pretty stellar base pretty soon after starting. My only complaint is that bullets for guns are very hard to come by and can be burned through very quickly. Overall, a great game very much worth the price."
76561198056943122,Recommended,251570,24080807,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Pandora8432,The best zombie survival game out
,Recommended,251570,25306258,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Boltte,"God damn, dis like MineCraft/Starbound (Mainly the cafting side of things - hell there's even a creative mode!) + State of Decay + DayZ + Oblivion! I like it!I know why it's called 7 Days to Die, towards the end of the seventh day, you get a massive zombie horde that just gets dumped onto out of nowhere! I was of course hiding in my house unexpecting such a number of zombies to suddenly appear and murder me! Since I was limited in arrows and was unprepared for this horde, I was pretty much screwed! hahaha, I watched and waited whilst they thrashed the house! GG, my *secured* chest was on ground level and I was on 2nd floor but the ground level was basically overrun by them so I couldn't get to my shiz....I at least survived it with a slither of health because I tried to go down and wack them with my club(yes that's all I had, that and my bow that had like only a few shots left). I think one time a zombie somehow hit me through the ceiling and I was like ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ they can climb up ladders too?!"" Looked at the ladder and did a 360 but no zombie on the 2nd floor, but saw half a zombie clipped through the ground floor ceiling, so ggave him a good wack and he went down.So yeah, morning came and the zombies slowly departed from the wreck. I of course snuck down to see almost the entire ground floor destoryed! The one chest I had all my good♥♥♥♥♥♥in and it was gone!!! I was like awwwwwwwwwwww..... My campfire with a couple of beakers and 2000 wood gone! The fridge in the starter house got destroeyd too and it had all my food and drinks in it!I QQ'd, not really! :PSo I'm now back to where I started....Anyways, there doesn't appear to be much of a story, I was just given eight quests to do and all that did was tool me up for the inevitable. The game is still in Early Acces by the looks of it so not everything is there as advertised.... This felt more of a sandbox zombie survival horror game.Graphics were decent I guess(had everything on max), my 770 wasn't able to push it 144fps though, I was mainly hovering around 60 to 70 on torched areas and 30-ish where torches are. SLi may have helped here but of course ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nvidia disabled it for XP.Audio, now surround sound would definitely help here, it is after all a zombie survival horror game and you NEED and WANT to know exactly where zombies are coming from(and I guess to a point, where other playesr are coming from if you're playing on a PVP server), whether they are running to you from behind or quietly sneaking up(sneaky little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!) and give you a pre-emptive strike - yes I've had a few try this but luckily I look around the area whilst mining/cutting for stones and wood. So yeah, 7.1, 5.1, 4, you know the traditional way.As of this review, the game is only in stereo, yes I've got a monitor that tells me which speaker are in used and have sound coming out of and it's only the front left and right.Yeah...not bad I enjoyed the 9 hours I had before writing up this review.Now more quests and possibly some NPCs about in the world that give additional main/side quests would be nice(or you know a hide out like they do in State of Deacy where there's a group of survivors or a base where you need to periodically save from horse like the seventh day one....) - maybe there are but I haven't travelled far enough to have come across one. Those dogs are annoying, especially in packs! :POh yeah, left control doesn't work when I set it to couch, but it DOES work if I set it to toggle crouch - but I prefer to hold my crouch key when crouching and my preferred crouch key os of course left control. c works for both toggle and hold, no idea why - maybe bug? Oh yeah, there was a nother bug where I don't what I did, but whenn you press tab to show inventory, the console comes up instead and thus you can't access inventory or any of that stuff. So that's another bug to fix....But hey, unlike DayZ, you can actually hit zombies without a Fire axe! and you can't die from a ladder either heehee....Ah yes, perhaps add in a 3rd person view mode because it would be cool to see my character's worn stuff and all. ☺Seven days later and I still haven't managed to fix myself up with a gun or two and nice kelvar armor or something...hah. I died quite a few times, but they were due to stupid reasons: falling from height, bleeding/infection (I didn't and couldn't find any cure at the time), testing how strong my fists are against a horde of zombies, etc. hahahaOh just found out EasyAntiCheat (EAC)doesn't work onXP x64 Pro, lel - why are they even using this when VAC is availalble from Steam? So I guess I can't join any servers with EAC enabled....Also Steam overlay doesn't work so you can't take screenshots the traditional way....It would be nice if the temperate reading was in degrees C and not degrees F as some people here use C and not F....=====================================================Played on ""The Beast""i7-3970x, 64GB RAM, 2x GTX 770s 4GB VRAM, WinXP x64 Pro, 4x SSDs, 2x HDDs, Rampage IV Extreme, X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty Pro, custom water loop, 2x BD-drives, TJ07-BW, 850W PSU, and many fans! Resolution: 1920x1080"
,Recommended,251570,22848137,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,dulocracy,"This game is insanely fun.  Crafting is realistic.  Scavanging resources is a constant need.  Food should be your priority early game.  I have logged almost 300 hours on this game at the time of review, and I feel like there is so much more to explore."
76561198107811819,Recommended,251570,23888488,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,-=MsM=- CTD,"It is really fun, entertaining game. Only downfall is that i got it for free, then steam glitched out and i lost it. So i had to buy it and it really didn't work properly. Only disapointment in it, rest of the game is so much fun. I would recommend it."
,Recommended,251570,24188985,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mbowen89,"I love this game, it's like my base building/defensive game dream come true! With zombies."
76561198274237981,Recommended,251570,24359774,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,metteer.dustin90,"I love this game, it is like a grown up version of minecraft I own it on both Steam and PS4 its deffinatly worth a buy. The only problems with this game is some glitches with physics and some potentially useless items."
,Not Recommended,251570,24482647,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tyler,Two and a half years and still alpha.  The content has bearly progressed from a year ago. The game is less stable for me than it was a year ago.Crashes and hangs constantly. I have a high end computer and plenty of bandwidth so I tried a reinstall. no luck. Other newer games are running on my system with zero crashes. Game had so much potential but its never going to be a finished product.
76561198041253840,Recommended,251570,26377077,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Stewram,"Possibly one of the best and most fun survival horrors games to date and properly leaving early access AND continued developer support shows that this chunk of gold will only continue to be polished. Get a copy, hell get several copies and play with your friends. Don't have friends? Get the game and survive like a good ol' fashion hermit."
,Recommended,251570,26361896,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Link,+
76561198032708407,Recommended,251570,31151303,Posted: 15 April,all,Chrono,"A huge yes, with a huge ""but"".It's an excellent game, but the devs seem to have their own strange ideas of fairness and balance. It becomes fourfold as fun when you root around in the XML files, changing recipes (refund the bottle when you eat something cooked with a bottle, setting wood spike traps to 5 wood instead of 100 so they're.. useable), changing spawns (removing zombie dogs, the poorest balance choice since release Xin Zhao), changing how repairing works (so you slightly increase quality of guns you repair, instead of breaking everything you touch and NEVER having the ability to have a max quality & durability gun), changing food values (I personally doubled everything so I didn't need 5 steaks to not literally starve to death through the night.. I'd slow hunger drain if I could)..However, once you get past the hour of finding and changing things, the game is phenominal fun, with a lot of replayability, and especially multiplayer.Edit: As of Alpha.. 15? I'm not sure, I skipped a couple, a way's been added to improve quality of repaired items by consuming other items of the same type, and I found a way to slow hunger drain. Still need to edit XMLs to make it playable, however."
,Recommended,251570,28469203,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,xXBadDreamXx,theres been some rough alphas but they keep plugging away and the game is getting better and better. this game offers so much and so many choices for play style. yes there are still annoying bugs and some not so annoying bugs. veteran players often find ways to work around the bugs or make the bugs work to their advantage. at this point personally id like to see balance issues  with weather . balance issues with mining. balance issues with underground ores . balance issues with shotgun and pistol. balance issues with machete and more machetes in the world  and more good quality blade and blunt weapons to make melee more enticing. adjustments to zombie head hitboxes...the hitboxes on regular zombies are to high..always need to to aim at forehead or even slighly above their head to actually hit them in the head. this effect is even more exagerated on snow zombies where you must aim slightly above their head or you just hit them in the chestwould like to see improvements to zombie spawning. server zombie count seems to get broken over time and you just stop getting zombies because its saying there are all kinds but theyre nowhere to be found.maybe a way of resetting all zombies on the server each 7 day after a horde...despawn all zombies then respawn them at the correct amounts in the proper places...i think this would be good for the server and the players to keep things fresh and working properly
,Recommended,251570,24370803,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,WP,"A very good game. Is my favourite if I compare with Dayz, H1z1, etc.You can play alone or with players.You need build because you need survive, You can change difficult, etc.Thank You for read this commentary."
76561197985853752,Recommended,251570,22850519,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ThCapCrunch,"Awesome Zombie/Survivial/Crafting game.I have never put more hours into a game in such a limited amount of time.Pros-Crafting is very extensive which gives a lot of depth to the progression of a game.-its not easy in general but you can change the difficulty to make combat more challenging or tune it down but either way you still have to make a sincere effort to survive.-the survival aspect is very engaging with weather, hunger, thirst, clothing, and shelter all playing a part in the wellness of your character.-Combat can be very scary especially at night when zombies run instead of walk-Graphics are pretty good considering its not a finished product-fully destructable world, its basically minecraft but with more zombies-it can be very scary and anxiety inducing trying to stay alive-Character skills and development make a difference but dont make you overpowered laterCons-still a few odd gliches and things that need to be fixed but its not a finished product yet anywaysim sure there are other cons i just have enjoyed the game so much i cant think of any right now.Dont wait for this to go on sale just buy it.   If they double the price tomorrow just buy it.  Its more the worth the price.  I would recomned being single and alone if you buy this because you may play it too much and cause relationship issues with anyone you know."
76561198082895556,Recommended,251570,23248618,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SexyBeam,"I've played this game ALOT, and it's a REALLY great game on single player. But on multiplayer if the server doesn't have a VERY secure anticheat.. then theres cheaters. I had played on a multiplayer server for good 3 weeks, about 200 hrs of gameplay on just 3 weeks. Had a really nice base and all, then a hacker noclipped into my base and had an AK47 that  shot explosive ammo which ruined my base completely. He had godmode and my base was just a big hole. But the game is great but i've stopped playing it as i cannot find a server with really good anticheat preventing these happenings."
,Recommended,251570,26360073,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,jeremymcguill9172000,Have not played a lot but from what i have played great game
76561198165393427,Recommended,251570,22803187,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RisingReaper69,My god when♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan on night 7 i bearly made it out alive with the radio tower still in tact with most of the wooden spike traps sill arounnd but the loss of all my mines through my mine field and exploding berrals they just kept coming...thank god for the solid stand of the radio tower other wise my♥♥♥♥♥would be dead a long time ago gg great game great updates cant wait for more content to come :3
76561198026198665,Recommended,251570,22841738,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Shredmaster,"Great fun so far, looking forward to all the new features."
,Recommended,251570,22847666,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,McLovin,"Amazing survival experience, one of the most unique out there with the 7th day hordes. Unfortunately the fun pimps decided to ""update"" the zombies with mocap and new graphics that are actually worse than they used to be. Zombies are now just weird, not scarry not good looking, in a game that is mainly about zombies. I hope they redo them again at some point."
76561198098003616,Recommended,251570,29930447,Posted: 14 February,all,El Patron☂,Fun to play
76561198073394954,Recommended,251570,27831414,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shwa,I have a really good time with this game. Each patch adds new and exciting content. The Zombie hordes keep you on the edge of your seat.
,Recommended,251570,28178760,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Alexhh92,awesome game
,Recommended,251570,27174496,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Verner,1=
76561197982411667,Recommended,251570,8258110,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,grenn {O.A.G},"Its alot of fun, It can be difficult to get through the first night, but if you can youll be fine for about 5-10 days when all the easy supplies run out.  Then it gets hard."
,Recommended,251570,8288249,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,bubbalukecrash,"Very good game even as it is. It's still in early acess, but it has a ton of potential."
,Recommended,251570,8605422,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,RaVinGG,"Minecraft + Crack Cocain + Zombies + 8 player + Broken Rubber = The Baby Alpha 7 Days to DieIf you don't get it, you should talk to you parents about why they didn't abort you."
76561198068268297,Recommended,251570,8798605,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,TheCrabPpl,"Not much in this yet, but I have heard promising stuff for the future. So far though, its more minecrafty than I would like. But only the future can tell."
76561198007136195,Not Recommended,251570,25771697,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DaveRN1,"I have owned this game for a few years now and have witnessed the changes made. The development of this game is extremely slow. I invested a lot of time with this game with friends and some of the changes I really like others killed the game for me. The graphics have slowy improved over time. The skill system in my opinion is rather annoying, and takes a very long time to improve skills. To me it feels they have sucked the fun out of the game. Night time use to be the time to mine but they pretty muched removed the ability to mine. No more ore to stumble on underground. So now at night I mostly spent the time afk or working on the forge. I do not recommend buying this game at this time, slow development, boring game play, and different biome transitions are a mess."
76561198116300821,Recommended,251570,11132446,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bizzi Goddess of Sassy,"I have fallen in love with this game!  It takes the best parts of my favorite games: RUST, Terraria, & Minecraft, and combines it into one awesome experience."
76561198260613458,Recommended,251570,29646894,Posted: 2 February,all,Awaken_Lizard,求官方中文
76561197974422658,Recommended,251570,8040163,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,V_Daywalker_V,If You like Minecraft & Zombie Survival Horror Sandbox Games. This might be the ultimate game experience for you. Just check out the game trailer here on steam and see it for yourselves. ^^
,Recommended,251570,8147282,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,James McGuff,"Great game, a little lonely in singleplayer, but absolutely amazing gameplay."
,Recommended,251570,8254843,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dat_Harass,"For anyone looking to have a survival horror game and much more. Featuring zombies, robust crafting, intense situations this game is honestly like 4 games in 1 and keep getting better."
76561198010603625,Recommended,251570,8280960,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Tru,"minecraft meets zombiez. its very fun at first. Once you get the hang of things the difficulty is a bit too simple. but with it being in alpha still i am excited to see what all is still to come. even in this stage I would rate it 9/10. it has some bugs but its to be expected. i hope by final release they add some sort of story perhaps an explination as to why zombies know where you are underground O.oLooking into other games that are of this type and watching every review available 7 days to Die  in my honest opinion is the best choice.Why? as fun as it is now there are a ton of things still to come. Other games are already released full versions. Support this game enjoy what it is while they still improve it.I did get the ""survival horror"" feel from it"
,Recommended,251570,26063858,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Crisco,It's Minecraft.... But better.
76561197998913199,Recommended,251570,23814423,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zfoxfire,"I started out in the middle of A13. When A14 the game became unplayable to me due to the annoying dogs and there were bugs in which zombies could hit you from far away. I put the game down for a few months but picked it up in A14.7 and Wow!! Most of the bugs I experienced are fixed now, the skills seem to be streamlined, zombie dogs are not as frequent, and the new weather effects look really nice. Boy, is it dark t night now. :)"
76561198083755742,Recommended,251570,14392035,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lean Quatifah,"This might be hard to believe, but this man is the leader of a group of lizards from the hyper elite. I know this first hand. I took care of this being as the mentor, as I am a hyper elite of the syntax-sector of the Illuminati. I have experimented with teleportation, Obama, and lizards shape-shifting into Secret-service agents. When the syntax-sector of the hyper elite barracks in the north pole, most experiments broke loose. This prototype, however, was smarter than most. With little to no signs of lizard-like structures when shape-shifted, he was the perfect man for our job. I once used my transformation powers, but was quickly spotted, and the extra-molecular shape-shifting superdinosaur came and saved me, with the hyperbeam harvested from Dialga in the Pokemon dimension. Yes, that show is real, made by the Ancient Gods from Sector-B//AnimationDimension//X-3, we transported the creatures into the ""intelligent"" planet called Earth, in my opinion, the weakest sector of the whole Illuminati. If you want more information about these creatures first hand, contact me via Google+ or teleportating to the hyperdimension in Class-A."
76561198009775475,Recommended,251570,31775261,Posted: 15 May,all,thomasgbrittan,"Love this game.  Regular new content, as they release new alphas.  Even better with friends."
76561198195704695,Recommended,251570,31858944,Posted: 20 May,all,Fifty1_,Postive:+ Survival together against Zombies (Co-op)+ Big Open World+ Many Crafting Items+ Multiplayer+ Map is a huge Sandbox+ Building/Protecting a Base is like a Mission in this survival GameNegative:- Graphic is not good
76561198085042240,Recommended,251570,32247684,Posted: 7 June,all,NiGeL.666,"With over 1600 hours in game it's safe to say that I enjoy this game very much.I've been playing since around alpha 7 and have seen the game improve immensely since.The new alpha 16 looks amazing, I can't wait to play it !Thanks devs for the perfect game !!"
,Recommended,251570,31855217,Posted: 20 May,all,DiveM643,"awesome survival game, easy to work out how the mechanics works while still getting your butt kicked by a zombie here or there. Progression system works well and the game gets your heart racing a bit when the horde comes knocking"
76561198137651289,Recommended,251570,32230847,Posted: 6 June,all,FrostTheGlitch,Personally my favorite zombie apocalypse sandbox something amusing about it brings me back to it sometimes but like most other just waiting on alpha 16...
76561198112646304,Recommended,251570,32214607,Posted: 5 June,all,1westie1,Absolutely love this game. the way you level up and the amount of planning needed to construct a base to make sure it doesnt crumble. the different zombies having different traits and quirks. the lanscape. i just love it all
76561198056554930,Recommended,251570,31284127,Posted: 21 April,all,Shmultz,It doesnt look like it but its a block world crafting game too
,Recommended,251570,24063421,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xevian Flux,"This game...I've just sunk my thousandth hour into 7D2D and figured I should finally write my review. I can summarize it all into 2 words.HOLY BALLS!I have never been more scared in my life than when playing this game. Make that rash decision to try to loot one more house before sundown? Crouched down alone in the dark whilst you hear footsteps and moaning outside... Blissfully unaware, harvesting materials and suddenly... Dog Horde! Stealthing through the hub city avoiding cop zombies when one of my kids innocently taps me on the arm... 6 inches away from an ER trip. The wife's dog comes into the man-cave panting = me frantically looking for high ground while trying to locate the unexpected zombie dogs.Forget exercise, this game will elevate your heart-rate plenty enough."
76561198118921716,Recommended,251570,23481655,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DjDave Voom,Play this Game Far To much :D love it though
,Recommended,251570,10859088,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,scarforce01,Playing this with friends is never boring! 10/10
,Not Recommended,251570,15428327,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"Didn't Run. SinglePlayer Didn't Work And Only Multiplayer Did. Interesting, It's Normally The Other Way Round. When On Multiplayer It Was 5fps On My Advent Monza T200. Other Games Work Fine. Liked The DayZ Style Though. Watched Yogscast Play It Then Wanted It. Overall Bad Review:3/10"
76561198052815575,Recommended,251570,26137705,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,GamersCreations,... im assuming you switched the item id for iron reinforced wood blocks to a tree of sorts ha. my entire house turned into trees
,Recommended,251570,9021379,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,DJC01,"Cool game, but you will need a 64bit sytem to run this game. It say's 4 gig's on the spec's and the only way to get a true four gig's or better of ram will be with a 64 bit sytem. (Warned)"
76561198004192089,Recommended,251570,30331273,Posted: 4 March,all,gorgofdoom,This game is the S**t.
76561198295825167,Recommended,251570,24818294,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Uberscootz,"One of the best games i've ever played, if you haven't played it you need to."
,Recommended,251570,13217510,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dekkarius,"Quite possibly one of the most promising games in development! The devs are working hard to add more to the game and incorporate feedback into development. You have a voxel based world that you can freely dig into or build structures and defenses in, plus PvP, and zombies and survival all rolled up into one persistent package. Please support these guys! It's already really fun to play and it has only gotten better through regular updates the whole time I've owned it."
76561198037248901,Recommended,251570,12594565,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Brick Wallbody,"I’m burnt out on zombies; zombie movies, zombie TV shows, tons of zombie video games but this game is special. From the moment you spawn you’re in trouble and it doesn’t let up. They’ll find you and chase you. You’ll try to hide but once you start running you realize you can’t escape and that you’ll have to stand your ground to fight. But because you’ve been running for your life for the first half of day 1 you have nothing to defend yourself with. That was my first experience with 7 Days to Die in a nutshell. I was hooked… Rarely has a game put me on edge like 7 Days to Die has. I’ve been playing video games for 20 years and this game has a special place in my heart already. I’m confident that the final product will be nothing short of amazing. I give it a 3.5 out of 5 and it could be a 4.5 once the game is complete. The only reason I would knock off a star is because this game is an Alpha (not complete) and gave me lots of trouble when I was trying to setup a server for my friends. Setting up an online game wasn’t as straight forward as it seems. At least for us it wasn’t. I recommend that you grab a buddy and both of you jump on this game. Have fun, good luck and stay alive!"
76561198100331711,Recommended,251570,15086474,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zombie Slayer 1221,"This is a excellent open world game in my opinion, Some people say it is like minecraft, but the only similar thing, which is used in many games, that is similar is PART of the building system. I am not going into detail about that, but it has become very realistic, and will continue in the future alphas. I highly recommend this if you like open world, challenging, zombies, fps, and building games. There will be some lag and it will glitch sometimes, but keep in mind, this game is in aplpha or your pc MAY not be able to handle high resoulution and graphics. Other than that, once again, awesome game."
76561198126151603,Recommended,251570,12597364,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,nicki minaj,"7 Days to Die is a very good game. From adventuring and looting pre-made structures and buildings, to creating your own base and killing zombies that try to destroy it, there's a lot you can do in a game like this! The controls are pretty easy to get used to after a little while and the gameplay is pretty cool. Overall, I say get this game because it's easy to get into and it's very addictive once you get the hang of it. But I do have some problems with it, one being that if you don't have a base, it's very hard to actually get going. When you start in the beginning, it's super difficult to actually progress. You will die a lot and probably get angry unless you change the difficulties of the game itself. The updates have been making the game harder (i'm not nessecarily against this but it does bother me sometimes when I'm used to a certain element of that game to be then changed and made probably 23% harder). But overall, this game is really good and I definitely reccomend it to anyone who likes the open world/ survival horror / crafting games."
76561198123999884,Recommended,251570,25572491,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,beunkie,Very nice gameCan keep u bussy for a very long time xD
,Recommended,251570,11458639,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Titty,hey i got this game a month ago and it is realy fun.i think you should get it
76561198076326766,Recommended,251570,28094167,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,123,"Development is kinda slow, and it isnt the most graphically stunning game to come out, but this game has its own atmosphere and charm that just pulls you in. Though many other games have done what 7D2D has done, and it can be buggy, this game still manages to stand out on its own and be fun every time you pick it up. The zombies are actually terrifying at night, and the devs, though slowly, have made each update meaningful and ive seen no content added that I havent praised. The crafting system is superb, and I simply love how theyve implemented minecraft-esque terraforming and building, but yet the game doesnt look like a block building game. You can dig out the land, and it looks natural and clean, and farming is actually rewarding. It actually feels like a genuine survival game rather than just pvp like some survival sims, as finding good weapons and ammo, and even food, does take time and effort. Looking forward to seeing how this game fares in the future."
76561198066007520,Recommended,251570,12413373,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,The Captain™,"Very impressive for an alpha, very easy to get hooked on, love the scavenger aspects and the construction, mix that in with hordes of zombies and it makes for a very fun game, with the option to ramp up the difficulty for the more rambo like players. a good way to describe this is a mixture between minecraft, fallout and 28 days later."
,Recommended,251570,12317963,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,[=Æ=] NO T H O T S,I died in 8 days g8 b8 m8 8/8
76561198051804823,Recommended,251570,12394115,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sgt. Lincoln Osiris,"mmmmmm boooobs...i like em, do you?well if you enjoys boobs as much as i do. then youll loooooveee this game. there is side boob, boob crack. and all the inbetweens. iv been playing this game for a week now and all i can say is boobs.on a serious note. The game has come along way since it first came out and they have shown that they are dedicated to progressing this game. I have yet to try out the PVP but survival and crafting alone have gave me alot to do for the past week. My best advice is get friends and play together it makes the game that much more enjoyable."
76561197967615935,Recommended,251570,12454404,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tosh,"Awesome game.  Combat is still a little choppy, but the world and crafting is far superior to other games in Alpha.  Great online server admins in most cases make this a game to buy!"
,Recommended,251570,25830880,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ZyTHuuM,Great game!
76561198073397764,Not Recommended,251570,25838347,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Deus Vult!,"Fun for first 10h.After some time game is boring, no new challenges.You have to edit xml files to make Zs dangerous and challenging.Why this RPG system?Imho Devs makes bad game design decisions. This game does not need new graphic tweak, it needs gameplay tweaks..."
,Recommended,251570,26313773,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DoctorBob,i have been watching Vikkstar123 play this game and i really enjoy watching him play it so i bought it glad to say this is a very good game
,Recommended,251570,28907425,Posted: 1 January,all,PLeBdaY,play with friends 10/10play alone 1/10 go fxxk urself o0o
76561198121738538,Recommended,251570,22877938,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Crazy Ned,Zombie survival Leveluperer. it's fully sick.
,Recommended,251570,23423808,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bradsmith101,Great game Updated Frequently Awesome Devs Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,251570,28531850,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SumDuud,"A mix between Minecraft, Day Z, horde-mode FPS games and some WoW-like RPG (Multiplayer if you like). The game is fun to play. I set up a server for friends on an old PC and it runs well and is easy to configure and manage (and doesn't not require additional licensing). Playing this with my old WOW crew and it's a great time."
,Recommended,251570,28464802,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Galloway,Recommend for anyone who loves a good survival game.
76561198119472890,Recommended,251570,23488983,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,sniperelite502,good verry good game like all of the items cant wait for xbox on june 28th
,Recommended,251570,28742105,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Onii - Chan,Very fun to play with freinds ! :D
76561197994915639,Recommended,251570,16866665,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Huxxy,69/69 IGN
76561198086942887,Recommended,251570,11826242,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,FlashgordonFin,ALFA FOREVER
,Not Recommended,251570,17573651,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Air Raider,I do not know how I feel about this game event hough I have put some time into it. I enjoy the fact I can dig and the landscape looks good compared to most blocky games but the zombies are just dumb. I do not enjoy the buliding either and everytime I go into a server its just a fortress that no zombie can enter. Hopefully if I play this with friends I would enjoy it more but as of now I do not recommend this game.
76561198140862417,Recommended,251570,23308477,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,G-Man,"I love this game, hard at times but easy in others. The only nit-pick i have is that melee is a bit too hard, maybe just for me cause i'm a noob, what i mean is this, you run at a zombie and try to hit them you can land a few hits before they hit you, but then when you take a hit you get stunned and they have an easy chance of taking you down. I try to use hit and run tactics (Think running at Thugs and hitting then running back before he can swing in Dead Island), but they usually don't work. This game needs to take Melee from Dead Island as it's so simple and easy."
76561198040795008,Recommended,251570,30323544,Posted: 4 March,all,dillbean,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,251570,30307957,Posted: 3 March,all,KingKonz,"Got This Game In Early Development  Around The Time  7D2D's Kickstarter Was Reaching There Goals ALOT Has Changed For The Better Of This Game Its Fun & Addictive. Mutiplayer Servers Are Kickass. From Modded to Vallina. Great Communtiy.  Heres a list of Pros / ConsPros=================================*Sandbox*Good UVs*Building and Resource Gathering Elements*PVP / PVE*Semi-Annual Updates*Vehicles*Outstanding Community*Zombies*Addictive=================================Cons=================================*Can Be Glichy (Still in Development)*Lag Spikes During Mass Entity Spawning*Hard Combat System*Easy To Die In Game ""PS: Its A Zombie Game What Did You Expect :)""*Game Mechicanics Somewhat Sophisticated================================={ PC SPECS | Nothing Fancy                                }=================================*Muti-Platform | WIndows (XP) (Vista) (7) (8) (10)  | Linux  (K|Ubuntu) (Debian) (Mint) | Mac OS (10.6)-UP*Open GL*Intel HD Graphics Compatibul*Direct X: Version 10*4Gb of RAM & Above (Recomended)=================================Overall Rating=================================8/10                  8 |********10|**********================================="
76561197995479700,Recommended,251570,14059627,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Siphaed,"This game is fun.  Let me be clear that this game is fun...on a single player zombie apocalypse survival level.  The multiplayer has the same trash that ruined Rust, DayZ, and all the others (basically they don't care that you're a newb, they'll run in shooting you in the face, destroying your stuff, and t-bagging your body).But the singleplayer is addictive, heart racing good.   Setting up to try to defend against zombies in a voxel style world where they destroy everything to get to you (yes, even the bloody kitchen sink!).  They really have an instinctive scent for the player's location when hunting.The Good:-Building a defense from either scratch or upgrading an ""abandoned building""-Headshots count-Zombie rigor mortis-Dysteria-Complex crafting system-'Smart' zombiesThe Bad:-Little explaination of things-Requires Wikia to advance-Zombie dogs (WTF?! Resident Evil rip, pain in the♥♥♥♥♥*literally!)-Forge lackingMy biggest issue with the game is that the Forge is apparently ""found recipe only"".   Nearly 50%+ of the recipes require that of Forged Iron from the Forge.  It's a big issue.  The Wikia says it's a ""common find"", yet I've gone 14 days without finding it at all after searching several dozens of houses and hundreds of trash.     All a forge is, is a fireplace surrounded by rock to enhance the heat to the melting point of metals....should be a recipe created by pattern with the camp fire, not found."
,Recommended,251570,14727052,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,minerprosk,Grafika: DobraPribech: žiadniMultiplayer: Zabudovani7/10Doporučam
76561198094716977,Recommended,251570,10798569,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Laterreality,8.5/10  AMAZING game. So worth the money. Its better if you have friends that play with you.. This is just like the (almost) complete DayZ standalone game combined with Minecraft.. But just a few steps ahead as far as updating goes..
,Recommended,251570,10871481,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,b33p,"This game is a lot of fun. Its amazing to see what they have achieved in the Alpha. Right now there are some bugs, but they get better with every update. I have almost 100 hours logged in the game and still find myself coming back to build and explore."
76561198003436042,Recommended,251570,10687647,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,META,"It's Minecraft + DayZ mod combined.  It's buggy, the graphics are eh okay, but man is it still fun.I wish the servers could handle more people but I completely understand the purpose for the limits at this point.Love this game after 13 hours of play (that's in 2 nights).  Highly recommend it especially with the current price of $13 ish becuase of the Steam Summer 2014 sale."
76561198036184209,Recommended,251570,10691240,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,McSkullBandit,"fantastic, everything you could want from a zombie survival/builder game"
76561198050020408,Recommended,251570,10692587,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Twain,"Seems like an interesting and workable game in its alpha stage. Bought it in the summer sale and so far put a few hours into it. Being able to set the difficulty however easy or hard you want with multiple options makes it likeable.AI seems to work decently, occasionally see zombies and animals jumping up and down different objects but usually pathing manages to get rid of this.Minecraft like game in which you find materials and such in fairly realistic places and objects. You really want to avoid the night time zombies and making too much noise.Can't wait to see the whole product.2016 Summer sale.The game has changed a lot for for good and bad. The game is still being developed and I find it to be interesting to play online with people on servers. Works well."
,Recommended,251570,11014135,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,"Capt. Rylan ""Rabbit"" Forbes",Its a fun game to play but Dayz is better
,Recommended,251570,10810930,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Shotgun Ghost Mike,Solid game with a lot of potential.
76561198045172375,Recommended,251570,10818600,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rage,"Although the game is still in alpha, and has been slowing down slightly with updates recently, I definitely would recommend this game. The game already has a features that make it extreamly fun to play for anyone who likes to build structures, craft items, and kill zombies in their off time. Though many features are still missing from the steam video, I look forward to every update and cannot wait for the final product."
76561198049807277,Recommended,251570,11246163,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ChronicDisorder,7 Days to Die is a nice zombie survival game. I like the way that you have to barricade your buildings so the zombies can't get in and can't attack you. It's a bit like rust and i like that. The only thing you have to do is basically survive and look out for the zombies.
,Recommended,251570,11161043,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,AceWartHog32,"All about thinking ahead for what you need from food,supplies,ammo,water,building material, or just a freind to help you along the way. This game is worth the money. My favorit part of this game may just be the minecraft feel with a new age look."
,Recommended,251570,11184065,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Flyguy,"If you like building, crafting,minening and killing zombies....THIS ONE IS FOR YOU!"
,Recommended,251570,14410423,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jebidiah Quang: Amish Samurai,this game is fapping brilliant and I will lose my life to this game if i/m not careful!
76561198058960459,Recommended,251570,11391058,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kirby653,"This game is incredible. Although many early access games have many errors and glitches, 7 Days to Die is an amazing and endless experience. The sounds are fantastic, which helps keep you on edge. The graphics are awesome too, and can be run on computers that aren't made for gaming. I thought 24.99 was a bit much, but now, I would say this game is worth it. Other benefits are the additions that are added over time, within the updates. The crafting system is another great addition to the game. You can find schematics and books that inform your character how to craft new items, which is one of my favorite features. If you love open world games with crafting, zombie survival, and more, I would recommend 7 Days to Die."
,Recommended,251570,11784719,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Lightning,People u shuld get this game really fun
,Recommended,251570,11786904,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,JungleRiddum,"I love this game. If you like crafting, voxel, and zombies then this is the game for you. The latest update, Alpha 9, really shows that the developers take this game serious and want it to be the best! Highly recommend and hope more people join servers."
,Recommended,251570,11932341,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sparr0w,"Great Game! 7 Days to die is more like remade Minecraft mixed in with Rust, Day-z and is more focus on being a realistic-Survival Horror game, This game is really good is you like Zombie and survival. This game will be bad for you if you don't have a strong computer and will crash over and over, again! There will most likely fix the crashing issue soon. if you have friend that will play this game with you it will be fun. Over the last couple of update's there can be new things improve such as, Maps, Random Maps, New items, Forge, more crafting and much more. If you agree to most of what i said you will like this game alot and will keep hours or gameplay for you. My personal rating for this game will be based on the gameplay, graphic, My personal enjoyment and system, I will be awared ""7 Days to Die"" with a 8.73. This game is amazing but it rating was decarse due to the game awlays crashing and how there some glitch but this game is a must buy, if you have the money for it."
76561198016528039,Recommended,251570,11755394,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,D4ffPower,"Very short review. Just as addicting as Minecraft, but with more zombies and shotguns. Damn it's gonna be even better when they add cars that work. I did get a bit confused over the lack of the minimap, that thing was mighty helpful. But other than that, Buy the game!"
,Recommended,251570,12006137,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,40 El mexicano,"it´s a mix with day z and minecraft but is VERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRY funy. You will have a good time. PS: IS NOT isnpirating in ""The Ring""."
76561198119373798,Recommended,251570,10665042,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hentai Fapper Supreme,hi
,Recommended,251570,10672610,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fury,"if you have ever wondered what it was like to mine, and craft, this is the game."
76561198028080611,Recommended,251570,11013368,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,mihaeagle5,"You could have told me this was not an early access game and I would have believed you.  It is that good.  And with all the future planned updates, this game sounds like it has so much potential.  If they stick to this track, this will be the best zombie survival game that there has ever been made."
76561197987822147,Recommended,251570,11241995,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,DeathEmber,"Surprisingly fun, If you enjoyed Minecraft but wanted a bit more 'umph', this is the one to try!"
,Recommended,251570,11312675,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Wamlab,6/10 Really fun but servers need major improvment
,Recommended,251570,15838935,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,blackcell1,if you enjoy learning an in-depth game such as minecraft/ftb/tekkit but felt like games such as them lacked a level of fear ? then 7 days to die is a must have...
76561198128928766,Recommended,251570,11977173,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,SMOK3Y,yes this game is frikking awesome and the best server for sa is reach gamming
,Recommended,251570,11276434,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,A Wild Yoshi,Best game evar!!!!
76561198053770478,Recommended,251570,11348292,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,littleCT,"7 Days to Die, to be honest, is one of the best zombie games I have ever played. It adds all the key elements that makes a great game. Survival, Building, Crafting, and Fighting. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the following: Dayz, Minecraft, or Rust. There are still many bugs as it's in its alpha stage. But in my opinion, it's worth the 25.00 fee."
76561198129000723,Recommended,251570,10991453,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,2th,how do i go third person?
,Recommended,251570,11228269,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,robnbomb,"Minecraft with physics.  I have had this game almost since the first time you could get it.  At first I was really frustrated by bugs and glitches.  The team has been amazing about updating and fixing things IMO.  I am traditionally a console gamer, and where  I prefer a controller (controller support not available without third party apps), I have adapted to the keyboard/mouse setup.  I find myself getting lost in the massive library of recipes and trying to find new things to make.  I also appreciate the darker zombie/apocolypse feel and look.  I still run into random glitches/bugs but have not found anything that has turned me off of the game in the slightest.  It is also easy to overlook when the dev team has been fixing and adding more content.  I am eager to see where they go next in this game.. Definitely worth it if you are a fan of sandbox, survival, zombies, or a combination of all.  The realistic physics have made this my go-to survival sandbox over Minecraft.  I even sometimes just play with minimal zombies and spend all of my time trying to build, hunt, mine, explore, and.. well survive.. just a little quieter without so many zombies to sneak around and fight."
76561198122712833,Recommended,251570,11252076,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,triggerman93,Worth  every penny!
,Recommended,251570,16851928,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Adorm,"7-2-2015: This is one of the best games i have ever played in my life.- The crafting is pristine, everything is useful no item is garbage.- The stealth is god-like, don't get sensed or you may be HUNTED!- The combat is great, it's an amazing feeling to hear the pop of the hunting rifle.- Your time is rewarded for playing, when you find materials, depending on how well you implement them they will be useful.- I've found about 6-7 Different Biomes so far, from a Nuclear decimated city to a desert to a taiga. All with different challenges and enemies that put Minecraft to shame.- If you've ever played Nether, Nether had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child with Minecraft and made 7 Days. 7 Days was then orphaned and picked up by the amazing people/parents called The Fun Pimps. These are developers who mean business, want to make an amazing game, have the team to do it and should be an inspiration to up and coming developers and an insult to those who are cash-grabbing. If you've been looking at all the Zombie Games in Early Access, you won't go wrong here.- Forget everything else. Everything is on point here so come on in and have some fun! I Bought this game about 11 Days ago, I've put 52 Hours out of those 11 Days into this game, it's addicting!"
,Not Recommended,251570,10826350,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slayer7744,Not recommended if you don't plan to co-op with others.
76561198132265412,Recommended,251570,13490459,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BAN✔️ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,good game :D
,Recommended,251570,24529628,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nashiq,A lot of fun to play in a group.  You can pretty much max out in 80-100 hours then it gets pretty boring.
,Recommended,251570,11743167,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Scotch,"Yesterday I learnt an interessting survival skill:In a world inhabited by Zombies, dont kill a rabbit, take its smelly meat, then jump into a small canyon, from which there is no escape, for a backpack with some painkillers in it. the moral of the story is: Think before you jump.Seriously though, this game is amazing and getting better and better  as it goes along, very promising, and I think it deserves a buy.My only problem is that somtimems it looks like the Zombies have frozen mid stride, and then suddenly come alive when I'm right behind them, about to bash their heads in, its annoying, but after the first time I learnt my lesson and stayed away, so it was no big deal.Also, a mini map in the random generated worl would be nice aswell, maybe a craftable one, which only notes down places when yu have visited them, or maybe even manually.It is also way too easy to avoid Zombies. I climbed up onto a tower in my first night, collected the top ladder and they couldnt get to me. Especially scince I had a shot gun. I dont know if they will start destroying the foundations of the tower now or not, after the most recent couple of updates, but it would be nice if they were a smarter AI.There was one other thing, but it will come back to me.Overall. Considering that this game is an Alpha, these problems really are not a problem, since none of them are game-breaking, and makes me keep coming back, so out of ten, it would be 8-9/10."
76561198060955471,Recommended,251570,11747424,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ALphaz,"this game has some of the most dedicated devs ive ever seen,and hope they will continue to be that way in the future.So far the game has been fun and hard at the same time one of the things that alot of games fail at doing."
76561198064880044,Recommended,251570,11761996,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,<KeyBoardWarrior>Dodong!t('.'t),ZOMBIE ARRRRRRRRRRGH ARGHHHHHH BANG BANG BANG BANG BOOM BOOM BOOM TSUG TSUG TAGIIIIIIIISH!!!! TATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATA CLICK CLICK TATATATATATATATATATATATATATATA CLICK CLICK TATATATATATATATATATATATATA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGHHHH KABOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!
76561197984052566,Recommended,251570,11429173,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,MexicanBeef,It's Bonerific!
,Recommended,251570,10929967,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stone cold steve oatstin,"It's an alright game, it's not wonderful but it's the only game I know of that takes the creative aspect of minecraft and gives it a unique conbat system as well as a pretty interesting world... pick it up on sale or if you have money, unlike I do, buy it full price, it's a decant title."
76561198097693245,Recommended,251570,10881635,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Reaactivity,"This game is amazing. This game is  like minecraft, lfd and dayz combined.  Its way cheaper than day Z . This game as huge potential, as it is in alpha and many updates are being implemented. Some of their ideas that they released for future updates are really neat. Scary complicated at first but its just like any other game. A good buy 11/10"
76561198068412966,Recommended,251570,20237915,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,murphy.sean101,"THis game is one of the hardest games i have ever played in my life, however once you get the hang of it it is really fun and awesome to paly with friends. THe lag can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but other than tht is it amazing ad i definietly recommend it to anyone who loves zombies!"
,Recommended,251570,20235998,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rahburry,So much potential! and it KEEP getting better and better!
,Recommended,251570,20241225,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cappycaps,"Fantastic EA Zombie/Survival project. Has the *potential to be the one of the BEST games in genre - hopefully it delivers. Has a sense of character progression and skill building/light rpg that makes it a fun solo survival experience too. Looking forward to 2016, and seeing this game get optimised + further character development, gameplay systems, customisation features, community and world content updates."
76561198050807728,Recommended,251570,20371228,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TheGrizzlyHusband,"7 Days to Die is the first game I think deserves a review from me. Playing the game now for more than 1.000 hours from before Alpha 9 onwards I first want to express my appreciation to the team of developers, they have done an exceptional job - so far.The game itself - a post apocalyptic survival sandbox single/multiplayer game combines everything I and my family enjoy in gaming, Zombies, gathering, building, strategy up to a certain degree, hunting, mining, looting, and so on. Ever increasing recipies for creating different levels of materials, food, health items and weaponry combined with the rather new decreasing properties of nearly everything you use and repair, stamina and temperature dependent performance of the character - that btw can be created and edited in so many ways that my wife said it's nearly a game in itself - give this game an ever so realistic feel when you're on the way through deserts, mountains, plains and woodlands, stumble into villages and cities or find lonely houses, gas stations and shops, libraries to learn skills, and so much more.Minecraft like building techniques with the possibility to mine and destroy every single bit but also with the option to upgrade the many derelict places add the right amount of destraction from the dogs, bears and zombies that will hunt you down that seem to become more and more quietly approaching with every update the Fun Pimps publish.I could go on for hours in describing the features of the game, in trying to explain how engaging it becomes while playing it, but to say it in a simple sentence: if you enjoy a bit of fighting, shooting, looting, hiding, learning, crafting, building, exploring alone or together with others then this is the game I will recommend to you. As I mentioned before, I do play more games, not just 7 Days to Die, but this game is the only one so far, that ""deserves a review"", and a positive one, from me. Anyway, one must not forget that it is an early access game and that there are bugs within it, most of them dissappear within hours or days, thanks to a huge community of players that reports such things straight away. And according to the developers the journey of creating this game is not over yet, so I expect quite a bit more to come in the near future."
,Recommended,251570,13488081,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zillakiller,Indepth zombie game buy it ok
,Recommended,251570,11979449,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Satanic Goat Porn,This is an update of the game. before i thought the game.. great now it's perfect. people who dont like this game cannot accept how much it works like minecraft. the difference is the scary feeling when you really play it with high sound. no one to talk to alone. it gets kinda scary if you arent on super easy. and the minecraft like part. the build is hard to start out with. you cannot just jump into a new game and build a fortress like minecraft. you have to put a little effort into it.perfect game. reminds me of fallout/skyrim/minecraft and they are still adding stuff to it. gosh i feel great about this game!
76561198079096266,Recommended,251570,11143981,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,xXLingLingxX,"this game is great for an alpha. its basiclly minecraft meets crazy zombies, open world survival."
,Recommended,251570,15004022,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Buller,"Nice game to play co-op with friends, single player is also fun.. I don't like multiplayer because it's almost empty. Creative mod is bad because things like weapon etc gets ruined. It's hard to find many types of blocks, the names are weird."
,Recommended,251570,11928974,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Adam Christmas,epic game
76561198036159232,Recommended,251570,11939299,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,BooterMilk,baaaaaaa
76561198032789185,Recommended,251570,11983626,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Leman Russ,"Fun Game, Great developers with constent and worthy updates. Survival aspect is also well done here, with great building and crafting layouts. Only negative thing i have to say so far is graphics are a little meh but i'm sure they'll improve."
,Recommended,251570,11990714,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LustfulSins,Already one of the best zombie survival games out there and it constantly gets better.  I have lost so many hours into this game already and I don't see it slowing down any time soon!
76561198140819158,Recommended,251570,11208610,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Survivor_Gunfire,"When I first saw this game it was exactly what i had always wanted an true openworld zombie survival game the devs had added alot since alpha 6 when i bought it, I highly recommend that you purchase this game and help support the pimps, and I didnt understand how people were having bad performance on these high end laptops I have a AMD A4-5000 APU with Radeon HD Graphics ,4.0GB Ram,AMD Radeon HD 8330 not a high end computer but i run a steady 25-30 fps with occasional framerate drops but maybe some people just have a bad copy of the game"
76561198063783827,Recommended,251570,10957246,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ewatsonnlc,"This game has plenty of potential. I’ve stuck with it a while now. Although there are some minor bugs and inconveniences over all it was worth the $20.00 I paid for it. Nice change of pace. I enjoy games like Tropico, Civ V, Banished, Metro Last Light and Planetary annihilation , so yeah nice change."
,Recommended,251570,10964961,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lord Kaio,"I've barely got to play this in single player and I have to say that I like it better than Day Z so far just for the stability and working UI.  It's definitely not as pretty, but the crafting has good depth, the world is huge, the zombies have enough personality and the fear is real at night.  With some more polish and perhaps a fleshed out tutorial, this will rise up the ranks even more but it's certainly a good start."
76561198073676611,Recommended,251570,11180516,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Nordenbeak,yes it is a nice game better than other survival games
,Recommended,251570,10987988,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Salvayas,Pretty fun cant wait to see what else they put into it.
,Recommended,251570,10988628,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kangarubick,"Really good so far, can't wait until a lot of the new features are introduced but for an alpha it does everything me and my friends wanted from an apocalyptic crafting game.Good crafting system (could use a seperate crafting table though,  so you could craft multiple things at once)Zombies, when spawned in Hordes are very, very dangerous.The amount of customisation you can do to your server (or just single player save) is really well thought out.Building bases is actually fun knowing you need support structures,  because, blocks can't just float in mid air."
76561198033696137,Recommended,251570,11798899,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,maddognichols,I enjoy this game. The developers have made great upgrades to the game based on player feedback. With the new random maps it brings a whole new level to the play. Keep up the great work!
,Recommended,251570,12751673,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,(KCK) AC-130,"Game is fun but it does get boring very quickly and there is a lack of things to do. Buy it if you need something to do for like a week and thats it, at least at it's current build."
,Recommended,251570,11971430,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Eddy Leoshi,"i ended up running about shanking zombies for 3 hrs , the Hunting Knife is too OP , 10/10 :P"
,Recommended,251570,11977434,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Enderbro,This game is so much fun! i definitely recommend it Its like Minecraft and Dayz together. Hours of fun and it has multiplayer support! Best game ever! 10:10
,Recommended,251570,11977738,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,UK(TZO)Saint,"7 Days to die is a perfect game for many people. Why is it so perfect? Because the developers let the gamer decide what kind of zombie apocalypse they want it to be. Will the zombies be the slow moving Romero kind. Or the fast moving 28 days later kind. Are days going to be short, or long? Will you enable air drops to not only help you, but possibly tempt you to your doom. How abundent will the loot be? Will you be finding ammo raining from the sky? Or will you be spending whole days just trying to find a jar of water? All of these things, the player decides, before the game even starts. When it does start however, you are thrown into a (possibly randomly generated world if you selected that world type :P ) where you will start with only a bottle of water and a can of chili, and a single bandage. The game gives you a 2 minute headstart, in this time you will be frantically searching for food, water, weapons, shelter, crafting materials. Then you see it... closing in over the hill, a zombie dedicated to hunting you down and eating your flesh. What do you do? Do you run over there and punch it with your bare fists? Or do you hide behind the rubble, or a tree, and pray he walks past you? Why not choose the third option. Using the advanced 5x5 crafting grid, get the ingredients and make yourself, and axe, or... possibly even a crossbow. When you find a house, is it just another looting oppertunity? Or will you board up the windows, lock the doors, create a moat of spiked traps around the house, or a concrete wall perhaps? The world never says; You must do this. The player decides what to do, and finds adventures in their own ways. Some may spend days chopping down tree's to make their dream cabin overlooking a lake. Others may spend days toiling the dirt ready for farmland. Some may spend days taking the fight to the walkers. The thing i love with this game, is there is no objective aside from survive. Do whatever it takes to see the sunrise again. Though i'm writing this review whilst it's still in alpha, i must say, the open world freedom, is remarkable, I have yet to find myself bored whilst playing this game. Sometimes it can be peaceful, and you forget the zombies are even there, when all of a sudden a horde of atleast 50 (no exaggeration) zombies will stumble across your house. The building mechanics are perfect for this kind of game, the crafting grid enables many recipes. The world contains many biomes, each will challange you in different ways. I could go on, but i think i'll leave this, with a 9/10 (and i'm sure it will get the other 1 after alpha is over :P)"
,Recommended,251570,11364616,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,nateman151,One of the best zombie/crafting games out there. (Takes the best parts of RUST and Day Z and packs it all into one game)
76561198096555513,Recommended,251570,11396167,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Spray Down,Its as if you woke up into a post apocolyptic world. Playing on a PVP server make it all that more engaging and real.
76561198038437914,Recommended,251570,10905880,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tjebsz,don't waitgo buy
,Recommended,251570,10850856,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Taemia,If you like building stuff like minecraft and surviving zombies this is probably the game for ya.  In co-op it get a lot more fun so i really recommend it.
,Recommended,251570,10881712,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Baker,The only downside to this game is the mass amount of game servers vs game players.  I would rather have less servers with more players on each server.
,Recommended,251570,24833263,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ViperTech0911,The game is fun and decent enough.  They are adding more and new things often.  I don't like the fact that the game looks nothing like the pictures they use to advertise. Ive got a nice computer and even I cant get it to look that good.  All in all it is ok.  I would really only recommend buying it on sale.
76561198021307430,Recommended,251570,24835179,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Shooting Blind,This Game has kept me coming back and back again for more each major update. I have enjoyed the snot out of LAN with friends and global multiplayer as well. Other then occasional EAC spaz outs i generally have not experienced many game breaking bugs either.
76561198002151678,Recommended,251570,24791722,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Poltergeist,"This game has developed so much since when I initially purchased it, I actually got bored of it, went away, came back and was confronted by a completely new game.Hats off to the dev's for sticking with it, and making what will be a great zombie survival game on release!Pity about the minibikes crashing our server, but apart from that, 8/10"
76561197973081747,Not Recommended,251570,24875529,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,stupid.monkey153,Cash grab...wouldn't bank on it finishing in any respectable timeline.
76561198072367419,Recommended,251570,24805291,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Classy Penguin,What have I been doing for all the 23 hours of playtime you ask? I found Jennifer's Treasure Map and deciced to go look for her treasure. 22 hours was spent finding that ♥♥♥♥ing treasure. What was the treasure you ask? Two recipes I already had. ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥♥ Jennifer and her ♥♥♥♥♥♥ treasure. Now excuse me while I go hang myself.
76561197965132768,Recommended,251570,24867972,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Juliter,"Must have game, even if it's in alpha the game is stable(had no crashes or stupid bugs).Just saw 2 bugs:-when you use the bike and your character animation shows like he is running(just a visual bug).-A strange bug that happened only once to me when i was climbing a ladder and I just got bumped to the sky , was pretty funny tbh, but i died...this game have the best of other games,-the crafting is pretty creative like in terraria/minecraft games, so you can build anything you can imagine.-then it has the survival part, (food, hydratation, temperature, broken legs...I hate broken legs), similar to H1z1.-the horde system, not only you get a blood moon night every 7 days (similar to terraria blood moon), sometimes you get hordes when you are just searching for loot in a house(I dont know how this works exactly) or when you use things like forges or campfires those things can atract a zombie called screamer that invoque an horde if you dont kill it.-the zombies aren't all the same, there are different zombie types, some will spit acid to you, others are more strong , etc.Also if you want to play alone you can just singleplayer, you can play the premade map or generate a random one, You can change difficult, the character creation is awesome, you can change almost everything. the map options also have a lot of things you can change and customize.This game is just a must have, worth every € I paid for it, better than games that you will pay 60€, don't worry if it's in alpha this game is just the best I've played in a long time.sorry for my english."
,Recommended,251570,24734850,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,✅PreX' Stylez IHAV mononucleosis,"I love this game so much, my best friend got me into this game and i've fallen in love with it! I don't ever play games like this but, i tried it out for the first time! I instantly fell in love with it. PS - Fun to play if you have friends to play with. My best friend taught me how to play and i'm still learning! Fun game <3"
76561197993592288,Recommended,251570,11183529,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Charlie,"Had to write a review on this. My son and I have been playing this together and we are hooked. Even though it's early access, it's already an amazing game. Very fun, and very playable. Lots of variety and clever game mechanics. Can't wait to see how the finished product plays."
76561198137831841,Recommended,251570,11130614,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DrHaxPHD,"Ate an egg by accident, Got food poisoning and threw a rock at a zombie 1337/10"
76561198177195226,Recommended,251570,31535215,Posted: 3 May,all,CrystalSparkle,"Great survival game to play with friends.I have bought this game not expecting much of it seeing as it is early access but the difficulty, the hordes coming at you, the sound effects and music as well as the possibility to make it a versus game with your friends make this game highly immersive.On the downside, the game graphics sometimes glitch and you have to leave the game and reconnect but it does not happen too often.If you are not into survival games, do not get this game as it is what you will do for the most part."
,Recommended,251570,31060153,Posted: 10 April,all,RyukiKitten,"A good survival zombie game i'v enjoyed it a lot with the amount of hours i've put into it, it's a game of patience!A must buy for any survival crafting zombie killing fan!10/10 for graphics10/10 A great recommendation for all, A highly acclaimed game."
,Recommended,251570,11066115,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,DarkEgg,great zombie survival game! very complex and much more hardcore then minecraft
,Recommended,251570,13237471,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,timthepig,"Having played this for a considerable amount of time now on a dedicated server with friends.  This game now offers the scalability of Minecraft in terms of it's infinitely generated random world.  You can also expand on this generation by using prefabs (locations or points of interest) which can be found with a little googling.  This really makes the game much more expansive and fuller.The attention of detail in some the design features is excellent and the developers do listen to the community.  Such features include the plane supply drop which happens periodically randomly on the map, the zombies become stronger and faster at night, the building of forts and making sure the design of the defenses and barricades are solid, the disorientation of mining without a light, the horde that appears at midnight every 7th day....probably too much to put in this here ""review"".Having played the likes of Dayz, Nether, Warz (Infestation stories) and various other attempts at the survival genre.  This is the one in my opinion.  It feels like at times I could be playing Minecraft, Left 4 dead, Fallout and Dayz all at once.Vehicles are due soon.  This I imagine will catapult the game up there though now I feel this feature will become more essential with the more prefabs and infinitely randomly generated worlds.I've been thwarted by early access a few times.  This one I seem to have absolute confidence for,  Buy it."
76561198077884416,Recommended,251570,8796605,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Sage,First time looking at this game i went to the reveiws to see how it was. The most popular reveiws were negative but since my brain was attached to this game my self control broke and i bought it. I would say the game might be worth 35$ but its way over priced 25$ would be more suiting. Early game crafting and survivng is difficult but travel a little and you will be stocked with guns and ammo to beat the band!
,Not Recommended,251570,24364153,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Epicsurvivor21,crash simulator
76561198046451391,Recommended,251570,10836684,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bubb Rubb,"Game needs a ton of work... I died by walking down stairs, I died by walking into a rock, I died walking over grass.. It also lags quite bad sometimes and i don't understand why, the graphics are not exactly the best things ive ever seen. Zombies especially dogs are also glitchy as hell at this point.HOWEVER!The idea, Concept and gameplay are great.. I would appreciate if crafting was a bit more clearly explained.But I do recommend getting this to help the devs make the game better.. But don't expect anything amazing at this point in time. :)"
,Recommended,251570,11754286,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,hard_caliber,"Great game.  Like it all.  I have mostly played single-player, so the world can be a a little lonely.  I am looking forward to bandits and friendly npcsCurrent State Highlights -1. Random map, and exploring2. Realistic survival simulation (water, food, stamina and variety of medical conditions)3. Looting when the zombies are approaching - lots of tension4. Get home before its dark mechanicAreas for improvement or features Im hoping to see1. Needs vehicles you can build2. An electricity system, which could power your house or traps3. More variety on zombies4. More NPCs and NPC bandits"
76561198297476167,Recommended,251570,22856817,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,lsh0303,"For survival game, this is one of a good survival games i found in market.But in overall rating, i can't give a high score, if the full score is 100, this game i can give 70 score. Because when i playing this game, i feel this game is no compleate. I feel myself like beta tester. I know this game is early access game, but already three year, why this game always like early access ?Everybody know this game have default map, the background story is found out the true behind this, but when i playing the default map i feel nothing. I only explorer in the default map and i kill zombies for survive.The player will feel lonely when playing single player, no npcs, no story background, and the quests in this game i fell nothing importence for the storyline by default map.When player survive 100 days, die few time, finally player got large base, overwhelming weapon like the lord of the world. Player will fell like the empty soul.This is critical disadvantage for this game. No storyline support, just for survive for...what ?"
,Recommended,251570,14202741,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Stephen Stills,"Really well optimized, loved having diahrreah. 10/10"
76561198051197101,Recommended,251570,17342842,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,CornFieldNinja,Then you are running for your life and trying not to die then suddenly! .... Potatoes?
76561198071084146,Recommended,251570,31697784,Posted: 12 May,all,John,"Ek en my tjomma het die game stukkend gespeel. Was BEfok gewees. Het ons poeste af gesukkel in die begin, maar met tyd kry ons toe ons♥♥♥♥♥♥agtermekaar en begin bunkers bou onder die grond. Lekker veilig en warm, ek op n dubbel bed en hy op die vloer, beste tye.10/10 Sal weer my pis bitter skrik op dag 14"
76561197982571004,Recommended,251570,11982136,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,MAZ3W4D,Fun
76561198070506734,Recommended,251570,8152581,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SameShows,Gonna be great with some new updates
,Recommended,251570,13327318,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,M4DDOG,Best zombie suvival game ever played.The updates keep getting better and better.
76561198330841917,Recommended,251570,26746516,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sabby,"i love this game, so far this morning i have been disconnected about 10 times within an hour and i know its not me cause my other games work just fine. :("
,Recommended,251570,13479874,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zellar Nyte,"If you like minecraft, this has the potential to blow it out of the water.  I love the building and crafting and to me the zombies are just a bonus.  Guns, explosives, and even vehichles down the road.Get this game, especially since it's on sale."
76561197984861486,Not Recommended,251570,10969506,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,fenhris,"So far... I have nothing positive about this Alpha. I realise that things may change, but this is the how I see this test at this point.They should change the name to ""7 minutes to die"". Unless you just run around, that is the max you will survive. Ok, admitted, if you are a hardcore FPS then probably it will be different.So... If you are a relaxed player withot much skill, this will not be the game for you, atleast not at this time.My main issue is a design problem. Some might like it, personally I HATE it. The spawn 5 seconds after death is just horrible in my oppinion. I fear this is actually the intention of the game, and if that is the case? Well, this game was a tremendous error on my behalf.The following may all be simply because the game is in Alpha, and should therefor be taken as such. I point them out simply because if these are designs, and simply not just features not yet introduced, then they are horrible to me:Any interesting place, where you might find shelter and interesting loot is absolutely overrun with Zombies. You will get nothing from those places except death.Should you at any point find something that seems interesting for crafting, you will not have time to actually study it or figuere out what it can be used for. You will be swarmed.You will not find a place where you will have time to start building anything. At least not unless you are very skillfull. If you are not hardcore FPS or Survival Horror, you will have nothing but frustration. NO quiet time to try and get your bearings and figuere this game out, no place to study your inventory or how items work.So... So far this game is for very skillfull people only. Us relaxed players that would just like to try this genre out will only find frustration.Maybe these things will changed later, but for now, I am quite disapointed."
76561198367249005,Recommended,251570,31916372,Posted: 23 May,all,Spidachan94,best crafting game ever
,Recommended,251570,32394355,Posted: 13 June,all,3xG (lvl 79 CringeMaster),"7 Days to Die is one of my most favorited survival games. 7 Days to Die can be challenging or very easy I love how many settings you can change, And I love the survival ascpects, only problem is it is quite boring alone.. but with a friend or two this game is amazing! very time consuming.... but amazing! takes along time to get something done but thats kinda what makes it fun! I LOVE IT! and hope to see much more added in, id love to see AI and raiders and survivers. like some what of a  civilization although that would get complicated."
,Recommended,251570,32054915,Posted: 29 May,all,Airi Akizuki,pretty good and fun game to play and enjoy.
,Recommended,251570,32188713,Posted: 4 June,all,bleach5628,LOVE itwish their was a way to completly stop people from raiding our bases
76561197979997560,Recommended,251570,11143108,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,jeb187,"Stupid zombie dogs run too fast, lol! Love pretty much everything about the game so far. I do have a few dislikes but they're nothing too major. I don't like that you can't seem to connect iron bars together at a corner without some kind of post there. The ghost shadow of items that you're trying to place needs to be more opaque/darker. Sometimes I can't even see what I'm trying to place. Need more personal inventory space!!!Overall, the game is really fun and intense. I feel like I have to keep looking over my shoulder to keep from getting snuck up on! The music is well paced and adjusts to the situation well. However, zombie sounds seem to be right on top of you even when nothing is even close by.I'm loving the game and can't wait for the storyline to be implemented!"
,Recommended,251570,10860976,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JuanDiego Montoya,"This game is like Counter-Strike. You suck horribly for a long time at first, but then you eventually get a clue of what you're doing. Later you pick up even more clues and by that time it's all over and you've found all the clues. The end.DAE EDIT???!?Graphics-6/8 very good for a blocky-type game like this, but in the attempt to look realistic texture-wise, it looks low quality. The menus are pretty poopy looking, but I suspect that they could be easily changed to look beautiful. The unity 5  update looks promising to make shaders be awesome!Gameplay-6/8 very good for a blocky-type game like this, but in the attempt to be realistic gameplay-wise, they messed up on balancing quite a bit. For example, making guns as starting out is insanely hard. But, the second you find all the pieces to one gun you can EASILY make copious amounts of it. I mean, 1 iron ingot is enough for 3-5 parts of a gun, depending on the gun's rarity. That means you can potentially make 5 guns with 3 ingots of iron (once again, depending on the gun's rarity). Also, BULLETS. The moment you learn the crafting for bullets, you have a practically infinite supply as long as you have a small amount of lead (easy to find) and a little brass. With a little of each, one can make 500+ bullets with little effort. Once again, it seems that they will be changing the balancing a little in the upcoming unity 5 update."
76561198110752507,Recommended,251570,10893941,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TeFox,"now this game is just amazing .. i have to play it everyday. Build awsome bases with freinds online, to defending it agianst zeds. Scavanging the world and finding new guns, food, and materials to keep urself alive. I can't put it any other way than this is a well producted game which is only in alpha! and its amazing.. it also has updates pumping out every 1-2weeks!. this game has been amazing ever since i started it in alpha 4.5 now its 3 times the fun .. what will you do to surviveI really recommend this game to everyone u need to experiance it."
76561198084295679,Recommended,251570,12161349,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Nisse,this game is awesome!
,Recommended,251570,11315562,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,acidscooter,Understadning this is in alpha is the first hurdle. However it is still a very enjoyable game considering. Recent updates have helped as there was initally a problem with hacking within the game but this has slowly started to die off with the devs writing in supprt for VAC. It can be quite enjoyable as a base building game and the crafting system is quite large. I cant wait for new features over time.
76561198075237211,Recommended,251570,18624548,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Bones,"Crafting, building, cooking, farming, hunting, scavenging, mining, looting, shooting, sneaking... You can do anything you can think of, go anywhere you want... including building a trap door to a exquisite wood floored cavern lair, or a giant tower with a waterfall streaming down the side. The bedrock and the sky's the limit. The developers are consistently updating the game with new features and patches and there are tons of people playing in part of an active community.Zombies are tough, and are terrifying at night. There's nothing more fun than getting stuck out at night with some buddies, having to hold up in an abandoned gas station whilst panicking and scrambling to stay alive. You can raid or invade other people bases provided you're sneaky enough, or you have enough people on your side. I really can go on and on about this game. It's worth far more than the asking price, and has to be the most addictive game I've played in many years.100/10- near perfect execution, and keeps getting better and prettier with each subsequent update."
76561198125330381,Recommended,251570,17148297,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,laf3219,"Despite this game being an ""alpha"" game, I still really enjoy it. I love watching the game grow and evolve! 4/5, albeit a tad time consuming its worth while to play. it's very satisfying to go from having some sticks and a crude axe to having a baller fortress fully stocked with an arsenal to fight the zombie hoards an malicious raiders alike. and bears-you'll end up fighting a couple of those too, probably."
,Recommended,251570,17151067,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,27raynicholas,"I love this game, I have payed it for quite a few hours. There has always been good updates, and they seem to be improving based on what the gamer has told them, and i love that. Hoestly its probably one of the best games for the money, and I always suggest it to my friends. If you're looking for a zombie game, everythkng you need is right here, and there is always more to come, or here is being hopeful there will continue to be."
76561197963653645,Recommended,251570,11760861,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Dr. Sexypants,Actually really fun. Zombies are challenging and you get to build things.
76561198072632750,Recommended,251570,13560534,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Murdoc,"constant updates, great hands-on developers and leaps and bounds each patch. still alpha, so a little buggy, but i think it's going to be one of the greats!"
,Recommended,251570,13691428,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,m3ga,Nice and fun with friends and stuff....
76561198050051230,Recommended,251570,13875234,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,IceMan,"Definitely an epic game for all the survivalist FPS in each of us. You know a game is epic when you remember to eat in real life because you have to eat in the game...(sad?)Fun Quotes: Welcome to Marines vs Zombies.Apone: All right, sweethearts, what are you waiting for? Breakfast in your sleeping bag? Another glorious day in Navezgane County Arizona! A day in Navezgane is like a day on the farm. Every piece of moldy bread a banquet! Every empty cooler a fortune! Every horde of undead a parade! I LOVE this game!Hicks: I wanna introduce you to a personal friend of mine. This is the SMG. This weapon requires the 10mm Bullet and will hold 30 cartridges, its Durability will last for 500 shots.Ripley: How many games is this for you, Lieutenant?Gorman: Thirty eight... Scavenger.Vasquez: How many Survivalist games?Gorman: Uh, two. Including this one.Drake: Sh**.Hudson: Oh, man...[pulling out his Iron Re-inforced Club]Hicks: I like to keep this handy... for close encounters.Frost: I heard *that.*Vasquez: Hey, ­[in Spanish]Vasquez: ¡mira![back to English]Vasquez: Who's Snow White?Ferro: She's supposed to be some kinda consultant. Apparently she saw a zombie once.Hudson: Whoopee-f***in'-do. Hey, I'm impressed.Ripley: How long after we're declared overdue can we expect a rescue?Hicks: [pause] Seven days.Hudson: Seven *days?* Hey man, I don't wanna rain on your parade, but we're not gonna last seven *hours!* Those things are gonna come in here just like they did before. And they're gonna come in here...Ripley: Hudson!Hudson: ...and they're gonna come in here AND THEY'RE GONNA GET US!Ripley: Hudson! This little girl survived longer than that with no weapons and no training.[to Newt]Ripley: Right?[Newt gives a salute]Hudson: Why don't you put her in charge?Ripley: You better just start dealing with it, Hudson! Listen to me! Hudson, just deal with it, because we need you and I'm sick of your bullsh**.Newt: We'd better get back, 'cause it'll be dark soon, and they mostly come at night... mostly.Hudson: They're glitching through the walls. They're coming through the god**** walls. Let's book!(When they finally break through your front door)""That's it, man. Game over, man! Game over! What the f*** are we gonna do now? What are we gonna do?""""Maybe we could build a fire, sing a couple of songs, huh? Why don't we try that? """
,Recommended,251570,13641133,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Onorath-Celestial-Jade,"Great game, definitely worth paying $20-$40 for, if you can get it for less even better. It's a fun gritty experience, very nailbiting and very hardcore. I played for hours on single player trying to survive day by day well dreaming of the wonderful fortresses I would build. Definitely add's a drive of objectives and goals you don't get in any thing but the best sand box experiences."
,Recommended,251570,13692680,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nicorraii,Sort of feels like a mix of Rust and DayZ.  It is basic yet complex at the same time.  Basic with the graphics and complex with the game content.  Recommend this game it is really fun to play with friends
,Recommended,251570,13538197,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DmagicX,"If you are looking for sandbox zombie survival this may be your best choice! Was a little sceptical at first about purchasing this game, but i caught it on sell for 12 bucks and figured why not try it. That proved to be a great choice! Plenty of hosted servers to choose from as well as different options for each one. Gameplay is really good for early access, of course it has it issues here and there but dont let it detour you from adding it to your collection. Some known issues i've had are glitching through walls to falling through the map into the infinite abyss below. Also there is wall glitching where you can see through the map and see other peoples stuff, ill let you guys figure that one out. But besides those few things great game. Great community so far, just everything you would expect during the apocalypse some people are kind and helpful, as for others not so much. As far as hackers goes i have not had any run-ins, just the casual getting raided. Updates are plentyful always fixing and adding new things! Keep up the good work guys so far so good!Overall: Good game for early access, definitely something you should add to your collection if you like open world zombie survival games"
76561197973107065,Recommended,251570,13744086,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Oruein,"It's odd. A 15 dollar game has held my attention more then tons of triple-A games. I've spent like 200 hours or more in this game and I'll still be playing it for a while yet.The building aspect is fun. The scavening is fun. The combat is fun. And you can gradiate the difficulty level. Multiplayer is fun, too. And this is only EARLY ACCESS. I can't wait to see what the full game will be once they finish it.If you like building games, survival games, or just zombie games - give it a spin. It's not the prettiest game but the gameplay is really fun.And if it's on sale for 10 bucks? It's probably one of the best games in it's price range."
,Recommended,251570,13900456,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,JesusAhegaoChrist,best game i have ever played... but i wish that some of my friends would get it so we could play together!
,Recommended,251570,13854475,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dalian✞,"7 Days to Die;From the start there was really nothing ""7 days"" about it until they added, Feral Zombie hordes which sense you regardless of stealth smell etc.So the game itself is basically a mine-craft building style, survival zombie apocalypse game. You have to find food, water, you can hunt animals or just go on a zombie bashing spree and enjoy the latest updates which let you hear a good CRACK when you induce blunt force trauma with a club of sorts.As of the last patch where you can now find almost any part, materials, weapon, inside of one of the randomly generated stores such as Shotgun Messiah etc. The need to travel to survive has become very minimum unless you have loot regen to 0.Now when other players are involved it's a bit different, the game is however very easy in this stage, but if you're on a ""PVP"" server you're bound to have a bit more trouble.The PVE servers are nice, the zombie hordes keep it balanced, but the high population of players on some servers make it so there are even less zombies. Not as fun.The game is good for hundreds of hours of playing around, building, and enjoying time with friends, however it lacks a severe amount of content variances to continue enjoying. For ex. one of the more recent patches re-skinned a sniper rifle rather than creating a new type of sniper rifle. Not exactly very different..While changing on the current entities in game is a great way to develop the game, players do tend to get bored without new items to fiddle around with or kill each other for. The release of the nailgun made players able to build a base exceedingly fast, and all they needed was a shovel, and a nail gun.  (of course the base was only made of wood, but what do you REALLY need?)Over-all if I was to rate this game out of 10 stars and reccomend it to people, I would say this is definitely a 7 star game for what it is, and I would reccomend buying it as it was worth the money spent."
,Recommended,251570,13903337,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jackstalter,"I agree with the ideas that it's pretty much Rust + zombies; it is a pretty challenging game in survival mode, and you definitely will have no idea what you're doing at first unless you have a good wiki page to refer to, so just know that in advance for the best experience.I probably spent 2 minutes defending myself from a dog until I noticed I was using a chunk of clay as a weapon."
,Recommended,251570,12755347,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pymbette,Dont know how they made this game.   It has so much potential.  The best thing about the game is that you are NEVER safe!
,Not Recommended,251570,18027564,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Eviper,"Lots of gaming breaking bugs and issues just wasn't fun, especially when there are so many great games out there that cost around the same amount"
,Recommended,251570,31585156,Posted: 6 May,all,gambit396,If you like mine craft and want a chalenge this is the game for you!
76561197989899767,Recommended,251570,22803521,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Cpt.Poop,"I still think this is a great game, worth the money for sure, I've played it since alpha 10 and even hosted my own sevrer. The only problem I see is the game seems to have been going in the wrong direction. I think it was almost perfect in alpha 11. All they had to do was make it look better and add more content at that point. Kinda sad it feels like its moving away from greatness not closer to it. The biomes make no sense now and the wonderful caves from alpha 11 are gone. The buildings in towns are football fields apart and the crafting has become so simplified its not even a real game component anymore. The looting system has gone downhill, forget finding anything useful till you beef up your skills, makes looting virtually pointless till well beyond day 7. Like I say, overall a fun game for the money but not the gem it used to be."
76561198034025370,Recommended,251570,22809353,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Warden Hardpuss,"I absolutley love this game. The building system is probably my favorite of any game so far. The crafting is alright, but nothing special IMO. I recommend making a really deep moat."
,Recommended,251570,22809428,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Striffits,Like it. Could be a bit smoother.
,Recommended,251570,12508199,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Burns,I played this game with a couple friends for hourssss! couldnt get off it took a lot of will power at 4 a.m. to finally press the quit button
,Recommended,251570,8745984,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nolow,"Truely a fun game to play with friends and online, I highly reccomend this game!"
76561197970481837,Recommended,251570,17884832,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,FatalVelocity_Dev,"Exactly what kind of game I wanted Minecraft to be, but with zombies.Makes you fight for everything, the desperation of being overrun and constantly on the defensive makes finding good loot or a good spot to build extremely rewarding. Replayability is infinite and even better with a group of friends. It's all about where you set your base up, how you can raid nearby towns or cities, and how well you can strategically build your defenses.Can't go wrong with a game that's still in alpha like this one."
76561197962100100,Recommended,251570,13440421,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,wh|t3y,"Good game, but once you make a base theres not much else to do."
,Recommended,251570,15052342,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Kits,"THis game is an excellent mix of survival/PvP/PvE/crafting.Even though it is still in early access, IMO it is totally worth the money. The updates & bugfixes come regularly, and the dev are active with the community. A11 is the next update on the way (supposedly in the next couple weeks) it is a massive upgrade to most of the game. The graphics are good, not great, but A11 brings Unity 5 & a huge graphics change.I've had the game for about 9 months now, and have over 150 hours playing. There are some small bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking to me. The game is balanced pretty well (damn dogs!) in my mind. Remember that the game is in Alpha though: servers get wiped after most every major update. Since they typically come with many, many changes, that's OK with me.Doen't matter how you want to play: Want no PvP? You can play single player, or on a PvE server.In short: If a game about survival, crafting, building and zombies appeals to you - you'll have fun playing this.9/10"
76561197999418781,Recommended,251570,15053493,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Pudding,good game but needs more content
,Recommended,251570,15057344,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,p_nut_uk,"This game is by far my favourite Zombie survival game, it's updated regulary and the developement blog is updated a few times a week so you always know what's happening, the devs listen to feedback too.Runs very well, even on my mediocre G2020 and AMD 7750 I can get over 30fps at 1080p.The feeling when your in a building at night with a horde pounding at the structure is both terrifying and exciting!"
76561198010562415,Recommended,251570,15719204,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Scouse Wizard,"Constant being updated - Excellent game. The worst feeling in the world is when you're a couple of miles from your safe house and it gets dark. You see zombies running towards you and... is that, no... surely not... that's a zombie dog isn't it?Sexy game. 11/10. Would die to zombies again."
76561198055544599,Recommended,251570,15710174,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,John Fuckston,7 Days to regret your purchase of this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker game?!
,Recommended,251570,15269674,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,radGeist,"I've had a lot of fun with this game so I figure i'd write a review.This game is really REALLY fun. You get to customize your world like: Zombie Spawnrates, loot respawn time, how long night lasts, do zombies always run or always walk or walk at day and run at night? I have fun with settings like these.Playing co-op is another really fun thing to do, the graphics kind of lack a bit but that's not super important. With the new update that came out, the graphics look a little better, some new effects and biomes and weapons were added. The only problem is that it's kind of laggy now for some reason, but with time I know these guys will iron out the bugs. I have a LOT of games and this is one of the games that I repeatedly come back to. This wasn't a super in-depth review but I hope this convinces you enough to check this game out.P.S. Rumor has it that there will be cars in a future update? That's something neat to think about."
76561198176217693,Recommended,251570,23020851,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,KINGTINY93,all i can say is i cant find any down fall to it its a fun game even tho it is still in alpha stage its a good game to play with some of your friends and post your game play on youtube a bit of lag here and there but thats just my wifi i got this game just to try it whan i first got the game i was bit iffy bout it but whan you get too learn how the game works you will love it iv seen this game change alot from alpha 6.4 to alpha 16 the way thay made a change to the game its just wow i cant what till thay came out with more stuff the fun pimps has made my life fun before all i did was work work work now im work and fun at the same time so thanks to the fun pimps for the best game iv played in a very long time and people do your self a faver get it just a 20/10 thats all i can say no bad side to this lovely lovely game
,Recommended,251570,23020969,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,indulekshmi,"The first time I ever tried 7 Days to Die, it was a year ago - I landed in the desert with no guidance and no idea what to do, and died about 17 times at the hands of bees and zombie dogs. I hated it and left immediately.My husband remained faithful to the game, and eventually, after A14, when the major changes were made to make the game more playable, he persuaded me to try it again. I tried it very reluctantly, but quickly found myself addicted. So, I broke a major rule in marriage and admitted that my husband was right, and I was wrong. Having said that, even with some of the changes, a lot of what you will do is trial and error, and it will take a while to find the right way to do things, build a base, figure out what defenses work etc, as the game DOES NOT guide you even remotely in these areas. Online guides may be your friend."
76561198200267490,Recommended,251570,23025366,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,brandon.payan,"Love the game so far, but I'm on a mac and the latest build is crashing it to no end. I have to use the older build, so I can't join online play, which sucks."
76561197971692580,Recommended,251570,14904180,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,OSO_Bonkster,"Do I recommend this game? I most certainly do! Keep up the Great Work Pimps. This game is awesome so far. If your looking for additional good ideas here are a few.1. Add fishing -- fish could be caught by net or pole. bait could be bugs dug up in the ground and eaten straight up or used as bait.2. you should add a deer trap. tin can nailed to a tree with corn in it = deer bait :) with a low percentage like 15% success.3. Oh and alot more blocks and shapes, and materials :)"
76561198079480834,Recommended,251570,13701942,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Duelist,"Base building, PvP, PvE(Z), In depth crafting & survival horror. This game ticks so many box's for me.  Those first couple of days in game are intense & danger is never far away.  If you like rust & day Z you are gonna love this. This one can only get a lot better."
,Recommended,251570,13748898,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[NGD]Skier,Had a blast playing this single player.  Looking forward to playing with friends.  It's like a combination of Contagion and Minecraft.  :-)
76561197970692061,Recommended,251570,13804884,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Newera,"(Review writen for alpha 10.4 with 112 hours played)7 days to die is a survival/builder game in a large destructible world destroyed by mankind and zombies.You can play singleplayer or with/against friendsIts a bit of a Minecraft meets DayZ.If you dont like alpha's then waith till this game is released but definetly put this one on your wishlist!If you like to help out the dev's then buy it now!!! Its already very playable!!! Lots of working content!Lets start of with the conclusion:This game has the ""One more turn"" syndrome for me and 4 of my friends.Wich is a very good thing.It really shines in coop!Good:-Large destroyable Random generated world filled with small towns,destroyed cites, Wildlife, Caves and other points of interest.-24 hours day/night cycle (Really like the sunset in this game)-Logical buff/debuff system combined with a Healt/stamina/Food/drink system to survive-You are constantly on your toes because the zombies can come from everywhere. Gives a good tense atmosphere.-HEAT-system. The more you do in an area(cook, mine, shoot guns, Chop trees etc.) the more zombies will be attracted to that area-intuitive crafting system to craft items, weapons, consumables, building materials-Perfect for playing coop with your friends!Bad:(Keep in mind this is an alpha!!!!)-No real storyline yet(but hey who needs it anyway? its a sandbox game! Make your own!!)-Several bugs-public servers can be a hassle because of hackers(This game really shines in coop with friends on a private server or a good admin moderated server)Bugs I encountered(ALPHA 10.4!)-Block physics currently has some bugs wich makes building a bit more trickier then it should-Clipping(falling through world, zombies clipping through walls)-animations sometimes weird-Items dissapearing from campfire-sometimes zombies killed by friends dont do a dead animation and stay standing up"
,Recommended,251570,13824853,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,slicedweisbread,"On my second night, I cowered in an attic and slowly starved to death, as I had run completely out of cat food and putrid sandwiches to eat. The experience was humbling and highly recommended."
,Recommended,251570,13312069,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,krayzeegamur,"This game, though still in Early Access, has great potential to go far!! Updates come at a steady pace and are worth the wait for the content. Expect bugs to happen and glithces to occur, but take heart in knowing that The Fun Pimps are working to fix them!-+ Pros +-+decent crafting system, though somewhat limited+fun to play with others+scary as s*** when you see the zombies running at you late at night and you're almost dead+can change basic game settings for difficulty and loot abundance+- Cons -+-glitches and bugs-wheres my SMG and Sniper-game difficulty can be a pain in the early stages of a new map-those damned dogs!Overall I would give this game an 8/10As always, nothing is perfect and this game is no exception to that, however, the game is definitely worth picking up at full or reduced pricing!"
,Recommended,251570,12838873,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BTJW,you learn by dieing if u dont then DONT RUN
,Recommended,251570,29521563,Posted: 27 January,all,Selwing,Its like a 3D project zomboid! Anything i wanted in a zombie survival game.
,Recommended,251570,13698388,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Faust,"I really enjoy a good FPS, I also really enjoy building/crafting like in Minecraft, and I really enjoy a game in which the principle is survival.I tried Day Z, that game is fun but it's NOTHING compared to 7 Days to Die. To be able to mix Minecraft complex crafting, a great FPS, and a survival game in one is fantastic. I could play this all day, everyday with friends and not get board. There is always something to do, something new to learn, or something to fortify and build. There are always better ways of doing things, (ie, farming, building, crafting, mining, searching for loot, etc.)This game is worth the money!"
76561198272718686,Recommended,251570,31765352,Posted: 15 May,all,CashFlow51,"This gme is outstanding cant wait for Alpha 16 to be released, Playing this game alone is fun and even funner when playing with friends.  (worth every Penny)"
,Recommended,251570,31764097,Posted: 15 May,all,jenny,"7 Days to Die. This game, without a doubt has been one of my better investments. I'm stingy on the games I buy and most of the time, a torrent is what I go with. BUT THIS GAME. I bought this game for myself and 3 others friends, we're all addicted spending countless hours on it. The 28 hours I've so far spent on this game are bound to be tripled within the coming months, I do not regret my purchase."
76561198020171286,Not Recommended,251570,13538314,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,A Turkey Sandwich,"Since 8.0 update, this game is horrible, zombies are to smart and hordes are to common and quick. You can't build anything until you discover the recipe even for some sinple things. They changed the game so much since 8.0. if this were the previous versions i would give this a positive review, since all the changes i have to give this game a negative."
,Not Recommended,251570,24984443,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,sloan2189,"IF 7DTD UPDATES WERE CHILD SUPPORT, FUN PIMPS WOULD BE IN JAIL RIGHT NOWMan, 308 hours.308 hours of an average of 4 crashes per 30 minutes of game play. I'm not doing the math on this one.No updates in 2 months,The game averages 2.5 gigs of memory while running.It's a fun time waster but in the end, this is a poorly developed post-apocalyptic Minecraft psuedo-fork. Fanboys (the forum is filled with them) will tell you how poor and stupid you are for not have a rig with 8+ gigs of RAM in order to run something that could be better programmed with MineTest and a couple good graphic artists.Fun Pimps, you are way in over your head. The console versions, I'm told, work decently. I'm not surprised; you'd get your collective asses handed to you if you somehow managed to crash a PlayStation or Xbox. You basically took money from naive kids (and trusting adults like myself) with PCs and cashed in on the console market, leaving us to flounder like the morons we are.But hey, I got ten bucks of enjoyment out of it. Then again, I thought version 15 (lol) would be out by now. How about that?P.S. I recently acquired a Rift DK2 and strangely enough, most of the software I've ran for that doesn't come close to 2 gigs memory usage or the number of crashes this horrid Unity abortion lays per hour. 1.5 million copies sold. All that cash plus they are using a pre-made engine and it STILL looks/runs like this.Alpha my ***, Fun Pimps simply aren't very good developers."
76561198030741785,Recommended,251570,11763003,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SouthofHeaven,"This game is absolutely incredible. It takes the best things from games like Minecraft and puts them in an enjoyable FPS world. The crafting system is amazing and far beyond what any other Early Access survival, crafting experience can offer. There is still a ways to go but every new update is so incredible and game-changing that most of these early access developers from other games should take note.Here is my breakdown of the game as it stands now:+ Gameplay: Gameplay is fun and varied. You can change the settings to make the game the experience you want. Too hard? No problem, change the difficulty setting and spawn rates. Not hard enough? Fiddle with the afore mentioned options and increase the zombie memory option to max, making them track you farther. There are so many options. If you want multiplayer, there are tons of servers running at all hours.+ Graphics: The old voxel graphics are gone. Everything looks more realistic and has depth now. This is not yet AAA material (the zombies still look a little tacky) but it has come a long way since earlier builds.+ Atmosphere: This game can very creepy at times. There is constant whispering and sudden jump-scares around each bend. The music blends well into what is going on around you and is immersive. There are grisly scenes in higher traffic areas that will test your resolve. This game is all about atmosphere.+ The map: I will be honest, I was getting bored with the map in this game, since after a while I knew where everything was. I would start a new game and think, ""Okay first I will run here and get this. Then I will go here until I get this accomplished. Then I will go here and start building a stronghold."" That is a distant memory with the release of Alpha 9. The creation of randomly generated worlds has given this game a breath of fresh air! Now it feels like you are in a new scary world.- The new compass versus the old mini map and the new map: I am not a big fan of this change but at least they did not leave us completely hanging and it does add a bit to immersion. The main map though is very cumbersome but I love the addition to see where your friends are on the map.The one thing I would like to leave any potential customers with is that this is Alpha 9. This game in alpha is better than many released games at this point and offers more than any other early access title can. If you felt cheated or did not like the progress speed of games such as: Rust, DayZ, Planet Explorers, Starforge, etc; you will be pleasantly surprised with this title. Go watch some gameplay since alpha 9 and you will agree this is a must buy game. The Fun Pimps, how perfectly accurate this name is. 9.8/10. Took .2 off since I know they will continue to wow their customers and more goodness is set to come."
76561198004952253,Recommended,251570,10679080,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Devildogb15,Fun Game with lots of fun aspects.
76561198025884001,Recommended,251570,10813035,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DREW,"I am so please to find an ""Early Access"" game that actually works.  There are a few bugs, of course.  Local co-op works very well, and that's the sole reason I bought this game.Gameplay itself is tense and balanced.  It's very hard in the beginning, but it's also quite intuitive, so you quickly figure out how to improve your situation.  I'm really enjoying it."
76561198048971490,Recommended,251570,26278019,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Body Without Organs,"This game is early access and I've gotten far more out of it than I have from many full releases at $60.   It has its flaws, to be sure, but the gameplay is increbily addictive once you get going.    There were days when I'd start in the morning and be shocked that it was mid-afternoon and I was still playing.My biggest complaint is that some important items are gated in such a way that you can do an entire game and never get them.    I looted every Working Stiffs crate in two store and the Water Treatement Plant and never got the calipers or the tool and die set.   It took firearms out of the game for me.   I understand making you have to work for items, but when you're coming up on day 30 and they're still not there.Overally this game is very good.   It's a model for how Steam Early Access.   After so many of us got ripped off by Day-Z, which is frankly the biggest scam in gaming, this was an illustation of how things should be."
,Recommended,251570,29474826,Posted: 24 January,all,Jonman444,This is a great game love it have over 100 hours on it I recommend buying this game.
,Recommended,251570,31283314,Posted: 21 April,all,DiehlOrNoDiehl,"The game has good replayability and has a good playthrough. The problem I ran into with is the mechanics of the game. The game to me feels like you run awkwardly and then when you stop you gluide for a little bit. That really bothers me but other than that the game is quite good. The zombies are a little challenging at times and food is scarce but then again, it is a survival zombie game so they all have their pros and cons. Over all I'd rate the game 3/5 stars. It's a good game but it has quite a bit of work to do to it until its really good."
76561198053544002,Recommended,251570,31283713,Posted: 21 April,all,cat12carmen,"Been playing it for awhile now and still enjoy it, I don't play it everyday but still come back to it from time to time, it is more fun with more people I think."
76561198172414134,Recommended,251570,31284237,Posted: 21 April,all,SilentShadow,"An amazing, addicting survivial game! But it is horribly optimised. could be walking random frame drop to 33 fps. I know its not my pc due to the fact it dosen't do that with other games. please fix :D"
76561198343543535,Recommended,251570,30330495,Posted: 4 March,all,cudaplay3,Awesome.
,Recommended,251570,12576377,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MBF gaming (YT),good game like minecraft but with more.
,Recommended,251570,12330065,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jack,"Great game. Reminds me of the walking dead quite a bit expecially exploring the towns/cities and now with the new terrain generation, you can have lots of good fun yano? The base buildings is certainly a challenge, expecially on populated servers. I have to admit though, as much as I did enjoy this game it got very repetative and slightly boring. But defentatly a game to pick up i'd say."
,Recommended,251570,12449898,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,KageSorex,Those dang zombies! Always a horde coming for you!But I like it. This game is fun and challenging. Combine Zombies with Minecraft and you get 7 Days to Die!Would recommend! :)
76561198132395331,Recommended,251570,30662033,Posted: 21 March,all,dia_arazkus,ZAMBIES
,Recommended,251570,15024186,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Preacher109,"Amazing Game,"
,Not Recommended,251570,15028402,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Legend Killer,"i really enjoy this game, even more if i finished my base and have suppliesbut i stopped playing this game just like my other 7 friends because we are getting tired to be robbed and killed by cheaters.i made an underground base so nobody can see it, and there was an invisible guy placing boxes and shooting in my base.untill the cheaters are gone and they actually do something about those idiots i would not recommend this game because, beleave me you will get tired of all those cheaters who ruin your base and kill you, while you spend so much time building everything"
,Recommended,251570,12677513,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Samothrace,"It's like if you want to play Minecraft, but not be a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,251570,12415945,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,James Elvin the Wetty Reposter,"I brought this game with two other friends and we had no idea how the game would be. It turned out to a extremely fun game to play and I find it unique compared to any other zombie survival/stranded survival game.What I find that makes the game fun is how hard it is. Most games today make the zombies really weak and really simple to survive. In 7 Day's To Die it is the complete opposite. A few hits from a zombie or a couple of bites from a dog and your dead. Food is hard to come by and water sources are usualy infected with bacteria/viruses. Building a house is time consuming and requires a lot of resources and you don't want to be hanging around outside during the night......If you build a base in the middle of nowhere thinking that you are safe, during the night (when zombies sprint) a group of thirty zombies will come charging at your house and break down your door!Everything is breakable and you can build anywhere. There are multiple biomes that are relatively huge and there are loads of zombie variants.Is it worth the money for the game in alpha? - Yes it is! Considering the game is still in a alpha state, there are tons of more updates and features to be added!"
,Recommended,251570,11961497,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Intell289,"Ok so lets get started... I deleted my old review because it was me when I was like 10 years old and i know have a very different opinion about this gamePROS:The gameplay mechanics are a little odd but are easy to understand after an hour or so of playing the game.The crafting in this game is really cool. I like how you need schematics and other various items in this game like workbenches instead of instantly making whatever you want in the palm of your hand.The zombies are not too hard but not too easy (except on variable 7 days and nights).Cons:The building and upgrading of a base has a very, may I say, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ system. I need to build frames, and then smack them with a hammer, until they can actually be used as walls.Zombies detect from too far awayI understand this is in the pre alpha/alpha stages, but I have a few problems with the fact its been in alpha stages for almost 3 years. But what really bothers me are the graphics. On the highest settings, this game just look sloppy, messy, and misplaced. The ground looks like a bunch of brown and green mashed together. The zombies have little to no gore/blood on them. The houses are just overdone when it comes to destruction. This is a zombie apocalypse survival, not a game part of the Fallout Series.Final Thoughts:It is a great game, and has great gameplay, but the graphics are just not to my liking. I understand its in alpha stages, but its still no excuse after 3 years. I would reccomend this game to anyone who like building a base to keep out zombies and setting badass traps to make sure they die. This game gets a 8/10. -1 for graphics -1 for goofy building system."
76561197994426702,Recommended,251570,12755073,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cailean,"Gets better with every patch, Great work in progress"
76561198127309976,Recommended,251570,10583838,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Autumn Harold,"It is like Day Z, Rust, and Minecraft all had a kid!"
,Not Recommended,251570,11214911,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Deano,"My original review consisted of me telling Steam users that this title WILL COME GOOD!But then I done a little research my self...The game has been in development since August 2013, back then with a team of 5 people. The kick starter was created over a YEAR ago which raised $500,000. That's $300,000 more than their projected estimate and what you see in this stage of development is an absolute farce! The game footage I saw on their Kickstarter looks more advanced than what I purchased a few days ago. Now with a team of 11 people (from reading a DEV's response to another negative comment) I would expect this game to at'least look like something that would resemble funding of around HALF A MILLION DOLLARS ($507,612)How on earth can something of this quality with that level of funding exist, it beggars belief.There are mountains of other small Indie developers that deserve your money more so than this. If I was shown an example of this on a TV screen, I would assume it was something from the PS2 age.I won't be asking for a refund because It is my fault for not making time for further research before slinging my money at the game.Please do avoid and MAKE SURE you read comments before you even read the pitch from the developers"
,Not Recommended,251570,24450576,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ook,"According to Steam I have logged 343 hours in this game. So while I'm no expert, I do know a bit about the game.First let me say that this game, once finished, will be an amazing 10/10 star game. It has an excellent crafting system, it has a lot of places to explore and enough complexity to keep one busy for many many hours. It also has great replay value, I have restarted as a level 1 player many times. I really do enjoy this game, It is a blast and I can't wait for them to FINALLY FINISH IT.However, my review of it at this time is a negative review for simple reasons. As good as this game is, some of the alpha releases of the Linux version were so bad the game could not be played. While this is understandable for an early release game, what is unforgivable is how long it took them to fix it. Lighting so bad that textures were washed out during the day, and at night if you had too many torches going. It would hurt the eyeballs, it was so bad. They broke it months ago, and it still isn't fixed as of 7/21/2016. How hard can it be to adjust the lighting? They had an invisible texture problem that made the game totally unplayable, and it took them weeks to fix it.If you want to purchase this game, do so, you won't regret it. But expect it to be broken and buggy for a very long time, until they devs finally get around to fixing and finishing the game. It seems as the devs abandoned the PC version in favor of the console version, and left us with a broken game. Gosh only knows how long it will be before they fix it and make the game playable again.If they ever come out of ""early access"" and finish the game and fix all of the bugs, this will be an amazing game."
,Recommended,251570,29789164,Posted: 8 February,all,AtlasBlu45,"Surviving a zombie apocalypse is no joke. When it comes to defending yourself though, there are plenty of weapons at your disposal.Have you ever wanted to just mass kill a load of zombies which are coming at you in waves?I mean, who doesn't want to live during a zombie apocalypse?What could go wrong? ;PRecommended."
,Recommended,251570,32207537,Posted: 5 June,all,Ripper,"Feels like King Arthur with the feature to be able to build a castle, have a knife and shoot a crossbow"
76561198091815893,Recommended,251570,16366083,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thunderboom,just good even if i dont play it a lot at all.
76561198055066634,Recommended,251570,16366382,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,C H I L L A,"Great game.Been playing since Alpha 1, the game has developed and changed so much since then.It's like a brand new experience every time a new alpha patch comes out.Devs are amazing, always taking community suggestions and super active in fixing bugs.Best in it's genre by far and is still constantly improving.10/10 Would play again and again. Worth the full price and now it's on steam sale is a must buy for all you zombie killers."
,Recommended,251570,32906502,Posted: 27 June,all,Adis,DAS IS GUD
76561198037347892,Recommended,251570,32907213,Posted: 27 June,all,chuck,"Is a good play, easy to setup a server. also, seems to continure to improve"
,Recommended,251570,26441456,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dead_alewives,"Just like Rust, only better. If they added some more polish to the game (as in tweaking the visuals and optimizing performance) it would be one of the best games in its genre that I've ever played. I do have my problems with it however.PROS:- Outstanding amount of content.- Great multiplayer options like adding party members (a big deal to me considering I'm used to playing Rust), the ability to share waypoints, the ability to share your current location on the map with other players, and more.- Has single playerCONS:- The game runs awful, even at medium settings, with my GTX 1070, i5 6600 and 16GB ddr4 RAM.- A bit buggy (though nothing I've found game breaking so far). Things like getting stuck in doors or the ground can happen at times.I probably missed some points, but that's all I can think of at the moment. All in all, I'd recommend it even at 25 bucks. I've already felt I've gotten my money's worth.UPDATE: I'm updating my review to point out that I'm recommending this game for the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award. I feel this game's earned it."
76561198051997555,Not Recommended,251570,24862370,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Diggi3,REFUND THIS SHEIT. Big mistake
76561197975071576,Recommended,251570,30532967,Posted: 15 March,all,Raymond,Fun
,Recommended,251570,13133209,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[RG] Fonoi,"I have been following the game since very early.The game is just getting better and better every patch. The patches are coming out slower now, but the quality seems higher.This is the best zombie building defenses pvp gane there is!!"
76561197999627397,Recommended,251570,33665613,Posted: 19 July,all,Aklarath,"So much fun just get this and give it 7 hours, I garantee you will start liking it in some way!"
76561198075694393,Recommended,251570,24032098,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,gamingguy,Many hours lost playing this amazing game
76561198119995595,Recommended,251570,15283124,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,LegionDiablo,Great game and I would recomend it.I like it how you start with nothing and you have to craft all the tools and everything you might need to survive bit by bit and get in a house and defend it by placing spikes and and other defenses around it. How the day and night changes and everything that comes with that.With time you can even build your own house or even a castle but that takes time. And your bigest limit is your imagination. :) Crafting weapons and looting houses and citys for usefull items.And the fact that you need to eat and drink that means you have to hunt for food when you see animals and cook the meat. And water you can't just drink out of the lake but you have to boil it. Well you can drink it straight from the lake but it poses a health risk :)All in all this game is very complex and amazeing you just have to try it. :)
,Recommended,251570,15970919,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Byrd,"7 days to dieI'm not good at reviews but let's go anywaysThis is a survival co-op game for people who like a challenge.The funny thing is, I never survived a night alive, even when I reached my friend a couple times during the game. Although I suck at this game in particular, i'd like to say, I know how to build a pretty rocking house which came in handy when it came to night. This game can be wonderful and dreadful all in just one hour, depending on the person I suppose.Story time :I just bought the game so me and my friend could play this hyped game I always wanted to play with him. First, we had to find a server we wouldn't lag on but, all of them you either lag on or never survive long enough to wonder around. Me and my friend finally found a house that was barricaded and we thought this house was a immobile armored beast, we also found a lot of supplies because someone died (Sorry broski, sucks to suck) in the attic. We later found out that he came back for his stuff when we were chopping trees down, so we followed him to his base (Lair/hideout) and then we kinda just layed him out (Shot him several times in the face and slashed him with our axes) if you know what I mean. The last time me and my friend played this game is when we found a admins house and found some explosive barrels and planted all of the barrels around the barn and repeatedly shot them till we lagged out.Long story short, we loved this game! We also, enjoyed this game and all the features of it.We laughed. We may of cried.We got mad. We were glad."
,Recommended,251570,26020751,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kevin,"day 1: collect collect collect, Day 2 Fall through map lose all my #@$% GG. 10/10FIX THE STUTTER."
,Recommended,251570,14081990,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,kazenorin,"After my friend took a hay stack and the barn collapsed, killing me...After the friend took me a headshot when trying to shoot a zombie...I know who not to be with in case of a *real* zombie apocalypse ; )10/10 preparing for the future"
76561198122967808,Recommended,251570,30334101,Posted: 5 March,all,kate.meek,Dreamed of what the world would be like with a mini bikeForced husband to make bikeHusband spent days scavenging for items to make bikeBike was madeI took off on a crazy adventureGot off bikeLost bikeSuper sadWalked home10/10 would lose bike again
76561198085658173,Recommended,251570,15254019,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PeetaPan,"Built a small cave, put a bed in it, hid until zambies clawed down the walls and killed me.11/10"
76561198213587333,Not Recommended,251570,30365493,Posted: 6 March,all,ジ,"Ok Imma gove an honest review on this game, even tho I just have 4 hours.The game is alright, its like minecraft mixed with dayz, but it gets boring FAST. Legit I feel bored with the game after 4 hours of playing it. There are a lot of bugs, and bases can be easily raided as long as you build a tower to the top of their base. TBH I would rather go play Miscreated or Rust. This can be a great game, but it needs more updates quick."
76561198113598476,Recommended,251570,33052346,Posted: 30 June,all,mike_razer,7 Days to Die is one of the best survival games out there they're constantly updating it they're making it more appealing and it has the physics of Minecraft without the blocks so it looks more natural and fluid in the game. Every 7 Days in 7 Days to Die there's always a horde and it gets harder every 7 days. The crafting on it is just so surreal it gives you all the info you need it tells you what you have to do and you rarely have to look on the wiki to do something I say this game is an A+ for any of the kids out there that love zombie survival games but don't want to play the Minecraft version.
76561198047111015,Recommended,251570,23841358,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mous3y,"They didn't say anything about bears, wolves and zombie B*TCHES with rocket launcher heads.Would die again 10/10 (Really impressive)."
,Recommended,251570,24406067,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,NickyNick,"Good game if you play with friends. Even better if you play on your own.Pros:+ great music+ funny game+ random generated world is a challengeCons:- just below average graphics- none or very few usable mods- none or very few usable plugins for dedicated serverTip: hardcore mode recommended, turn off all lights in your house, play it during the night and ONLY with headset, if you die, you have to start new world again, if you are not suitable for mental house in the morning, you have reached next level :D"
76561198149167023,Recommended,251570,26055854,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,*Nightmare*,Exelent survival Game play if you are up for a challange
76561198008332850,Recommended,251570,25452986,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,malacar,Best zombie survival game. Development seems slow but steady. 7 outta 10 for now.
76561198205096443,Not Recommended,251570,34357745,Posted: 19 August,all,DC's Logan,"i had it on ps4 thought it was just teh console edition. nope this game ♥♥♥♥in up all around :). once your server is just getting going, youll have to restart the world because the game updated, but tis still alpha so it doesnt have any help with bringing wordl sfrom older patches to the new update. aka ♥♥♥♥ the funpimps =)"
76561198129901690,Not Recommended,251570,32977163,Posted: 29 June,all,kravexshrimp7,"not big fan of game, i feel you need one or more friends for this to be fun."
,Recommended,251570,34403859,Posted: 21 August,all,The Don,"After recent patches the game, at least in my opinion has developed well from what it used to be.The graphics aren't amazing but with a game this good and constantly being improved who can really complain.Overall I would recommend if you get this game its really enjoyable to play with friends on either a private world or hosted server.I definitely enjoyed making elaborate bases making it harder for the zombies to breach every night, basically having a stand off with my friends holding the zombies back from a supermarket roof surrounded by spikes and walls to allow us to survive another night.9/10 and I will definitely be playing it more often when I get more freetime."
76561198003615541,Not Recommended,251570,34479854,Posted: 25 August,all,City Wok,This game has so many good ideas but I just wish it was better optimized. Looks like **** and runs like **** as well. Four years and still in alpha wtf???
,Recommended,251570,34811096,Posted: 8 September,all,子雅,我们需要中文!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικ
76561198100244825,Recommended,251570,14344208,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Rock on the Clock,"Overwatch exists at an intersection between design and artistry, a crossroad at which pure tactile joy meets refined, intelligent design to create a rare spark of magic. As a 6v6 multiplayer, objective-based shooter, it finds accessibility not by lowering the skill ceiling, but by broadening the definition of skill. The person with deadshot aim is no more valuable than the person with the decision-making ability to know when a well-timed ability will turn an engagement, or the person with the map-sense to find the optimal locations to place sentry turrets. While it didn't exactly drown me in options, maps, and modes, it’s blessed with a multitude of tactical layers, and none of them ever came between me and my enjoyment of its intense, swirling teamfights, and thrilling overtime comebacks."
,Recommended,251570,18254930,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Voltron,"The game gets incremental improvements.  My recommendation is put some hours in, take a break, and then repeat.  Once the final product is released, you will have a handle on the basics, but will also get wowed to make it great all over again.  Multiplayer is where it is at."
76561198122879755,Not Recommended,251570,15184090,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kry,"this game was amazing. it was the BEST zombie game ive honestly ever played, until this recent update. zombies are impossible to kill - and when theres like 10 chasing you youre already dead, plus zombies hit you once and you bleed, then infected, and get stunned, so they hit you once more and you die, AND they move faster then you, trees take forever to chop down (takes 1-2 axes) loot is hard to find, you spawn with a quater of the health/stamina as you used to, night time makes EVERYTHING foggy. you straight up cant see anything, i was in my house that was 5x5 that had a torch right in the middle and i couldnt see the zombies that destroyed my door, my floor and my sleeping bag, then killed me and i spawned on the other side of them map, and also, when you die, you lose max health and stamina, making it easier to die. 10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,251570,24274937,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,apolo151,"This game is just like minecraft and a way better, so this is a very positiv review.As its early access it has some bugs but I look forward for the fixes.I also see very much potencial in this game so PLEASE @developers DON'T stop updating this game.my personal rating 9 - 9,5 / 10"
,Recommended,251570,25608781,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DooM,"Minecraft with zombies. Highly addictive. It's good playing by yourself, but GREAT playing with friends!"
,Recommended,251570,30743951,Posted: 25 March,all,Illeru,"Decided to tunnel under my base at night time because I was too scared to go out. Got comfortable to the repetitive zombie sounds outside.Died after 2 seconds when a zombie jumped on my head. Was mercilessly slaughtered for another 6 hours. 10/10 would do it again.7D2D is a remarkably challenging sandbox crafting and survival game. I enjoy being scared and also base building games, so thought it would be a bit of a hoot. I've spend a few days (IRL) trying to work out the best way to survive the horde - I think I would be one of the first to go if it happened for real. The basic mechanics are typical of a fp shooter/rpg type game, but it is rare to find a game where the crafting skills and inventory management play such a tactical role in your survival. I've really enjoyed the struggle, but if you aren't interested in that, creative mode or low difficulty settings might keep you occupied for a while.So a couple of comments/ suggestions/criticisms which might sway some people on purchase and might improve the game. Please note I do recommend this game if you feel aligned to the above comments:*Crafting elements are rather arbitrarily difficult to find recipies forThe RNG for finding the right plan for what you need is rather annoying. Then some of them are actually skills which you can spend experience on? An example of this is getting the workbench - then you can barely make anything worth while after 14+ days? I understand the option of doing building raids, but there should be another option for a turtle like myself who prefers to stay close to base, cautiously building up defences.*Building raids/skirmishing is prohibitively expensive for rewardThis may be my relative inexperience at this game, but I find myself stacking up a lot of arrows other consumables when trying to go hunting for recipies in prebuilt buildings. There is then next to no inventory space for looting multiple buildings if you are truly prepared... It is ""realistic"" but I don't want to spend all my time ferrying items back to my stash and waste another previous 7 day cycle for minimal item build progression.*Zombie sounds are repetitive and surround/3-D capability is poorThe sounds are fun/creepy, don't get me wrong, but it is rather tiring to listen to a horde bumbling around repetitively and incoherrently for 50 minutes straight while you wait for daytime. They should get excited if they break through one of your walls - or squeal when they die. Give me a reason to listen to it rather than put down the headphones! In that vein, if you are struggling to stay alive in pitch black (if you have ever tried it) you rather need some sense of direction - for which most people default to auditory senses. The distance/loudness balance is poor, with extremely loud sounds coming from zombies way too far away and panicking you for no reason. In some ways this is a complement to the atmosphere, but honestly it needs a lot of polishing. Similarly L/R balances are off too; it means you are much better off just doing a 360 spin and wasting some action time rather than being surpised when a zombie shows up on your blind direction.*Don't expect remarkable graphical effectsSpeaks for itself - it doesn't bother me;  go get mass effect if you want to push your graphics card.Summary:Its a great blend of elements, in a lot of games, to be a respectful representative of the zombie survival genre. It is lots of fun now, if you appreciate builders or survival games, play it. If you like zombie games, play it with headphones. I really hope this title gets the momentum it needs to get really polished up; the community is strong and it would be great for it to stay that way. ^^"
,Recommended,251570,24443626,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,InnerPeace69!,"Awesome, Great Game and nice dev.Game heading in a good dicreation.Still need lots of work but is playable (What you see and rea is what you get). No sell bait every thing is truth."
76561198177749087,Recommended,251570,25608772,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Bad_Ass_Freaker,love this game very addictive bought it on ps4 as well very good game
76561198275612544,Recommended,251570,33642122,Posted: 18 July,all,Ace Squad,There is so much to do in this game that it makes it much fun. I would really recommend this game if you like open world and zombie games
76561197965210526,Recommended,251570,33642021,Posted: 18 July,all,Odin(D),"I have played since Alpha 11 I think. Each itteration has been more exciting than the last. I'm just delving into Alpha 16 now, but I like what I see. Still wiped on the Day 3 roaming dog pack XD"
76561198324492047,Recommended,251570,33640603,Posted: 18 July,all,Squirrel,What it lacks in graphics is made up for in its immersive crafting and difficulty and replayability. A great game for people who really enjoy sandbox games and difficult survival games.
,Recommended,251570,33642522,Posted: 18 July,all,lesdoleague,"So here is the good and bad of the game. The game is alot of fun to play with a group. We have a group of three people right now and would add more, but the price is too high to add people unless they know they like it or can add more people. 3 of us came in during the sale. Since then we have look to add more people to the game. Having sales where you made it so that multiple people buy in would do wonders for the online servers and those who have mates to play with. The good new about the game is that if you are someone who like open world games games this is one where your decision do impact you and you can decide how much you want them to with the modes. You can change this at any point. Want to play in extreme mode sure. Want to not play with zombies till night 7 and build massive mindcraft like structure but way more real looking they got that too. If you can though you and a good bud joining at the time will make the game way better. When you first get in hit M to pull up the map. and locate each other and put a bed roll down to set your spawn location and go from there by meeting up and fighting off the hordes together. Hopefully they will eventually make a system that makes it faster to find people you could team up with to play the game together."
76561198123956981,Recommended,251570,33641387,Posted: 18 July,all,☣Muffing☣,"Me encanta,un juego que vale cada centavo que cuesta.No me pase mucho tiempo jugandolo debido a que mi pc murio pero el tiempo en el que pude jugarlo lo ame y lo sigo amando,no pide un super pc gaming master race ni nada pero te recomiendo tener un pc de gama media si lo queres disfrutar al 100%.Te lo recomiendo un monton !!!.IGN 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,33643641,Posted: 18 July,all,iThrive,"Friend hid in the corner of the attic in an abandoned house, that we found deep in the woods at night, while I searched the house for food. Amazing with Friends"
76561198005146465,Not Recommended,251570,22704853,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,jon_mccray,Once you get past the 8min of loading screens and set up your first game. The game crashes. and then crashes. AND THEN CRASHES. AND THEN YOU HIT REFUND. Great Refund Simuator.
76561198089028960,Recommended,251570,13102123,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheJoker,Fun as♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251570,17334325,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Carlinho,Nice game but laggy :S
,Recommended,251570,22119742,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,loOnY,"Over 400 hrs, still loving it. good price, small size, runs smooth, fun to play with friends, fully craftable enviroment.Great work by the Devs, not a ""dayzfader"". new patch looks great and runs better each time with decent upgrades, not just a new pink teddy bear or some crap.Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198208325772,Recommended,251570,30955128,Posted: 4 April,all,Sherlock,"I love the game itself, very fun and very in-depth crafting system.My only complaint is a HUD issue; not sure if others have encountered it but on windows 8 you can only play in windowed mode; there isn't an exact ""Fullscreen"" option.This wouldn't be such an issue but the Windows 8 taskbar at the bottom cuts off and blocks in-game items slots; can't really tell what I'm equipping until it's in my hands, even then I have no way of definitively seeing the condition of the item.This is a minor annoyance at best; it isn't gamebreaking by any means, just would like to see a change is all.If you're looking for a survival game that tests your ability to survive? Go for this; it's great alone but so much more fun with a reliable friend."
76561198022341716,Recommended,251570,25841802,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HenTie,"It is possibly the greatest survival game ever made,and it is very obviously the only one successful early access game amongst files of ♥♥♥♥♥(numerous early access survival games I would like to call)Besides the forest looks amazing, this game plays amazing.It provides wide and also great depth game play - literally everything in game is interactable,which the level I never have seen for gaming.The only thing I do not like about this game is balance issue that like other survival games,it just puts way too much stuffs to take care and serious about of consideration should be put to play the game.It is something very important that this game is practically unplayable for gamers who used to playlight games. To play this game, you need some serious about of study.For beginner, owing to above reason, this game is just way too hard to get the hang of.Game play is currently set in only one way - survival, not some action or other direction is intended.This means, not like usual FPS games, you need to avoid fighting as much as possible.Player character is just way too weak to take down basic zombies till player is very well stocked up,which takes alot of time to be (in my experience, nearly 1~2 hours to get some nice weapons?)And the dogs, do not even get me start with dogs.I dare declare, the dogs in this game, is absolutely the worst enemy in any game I ever found.First of all, it is always faster than player. And spawn in this game is complete ridiculous thatzombies spawn right in front of your faces, while dogs can reach you so fast and their attack is super dangerousthat makes you bleed out all the time. The dogs increases difficulty of this game for like 5000%.They are somehow really ♥♥♥♥ed up that they make player character float up (some kind of physics bug?)so melee attack often fails as dogs approach so closely to the player.Also their DPS, attack speed, attack range (they can attack in longer range as well as incredibly shorter range thatplayer can not ♥♥♥♥ing aim the ♥♥♥♥ing god damn dog) are just ♥♥♥♥ing total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I already know the whole community does not like the dog, I have no idea why they keep dogs so damn over poweredas hell. I bet 99.9% of players will give up play the game after being pumbled and get ♥♥♥♥ed by dogsand they can not really jack♥♥♥♥♥♥I am extremely experienced FPS gamer (23 years) and I faced some of the hardest enemy throughout my gameplays,but the dogs, they are impossible. The only moment that they can be dealt with is that you are well stocked up withsome guns, which should occurs so late that you basically do not even need to face them as you won't be on your footfor the most of times (when minibike is made).There are so many debuffs in this game, as way too much realistic, once you got so many of them(which is very easy), you would want to die to remove all of them, while dieing reduces your max attributes(wellness), which makes you die even easier. Of course I often did not die once for 50 days of survivaland did not get any serious debuffs throughout the game play, only because I was so careful andavoiding fighting intentionally.This has to be somehow metigated by enabling modding of those difficulties, to make game easier and easy going.I could get modding for solo play and I could make game bit more enjoyable, this should be possible ingeneral game mod as well (like reducing debuff effect, increasing player ability like speed, health et al)which should make game more public and easy access to general light game players.Again, even though the game itself is amazing and some of the best game I ever played,it does have some shortages, as well as it requires serious game play.To have full experience of this game, gamers at least put 5~10 hours to get minibike, respectable baseand getting quite high level and able to make all the items in the game.I also like the fact that developers actually, not like other developers for cash grab, they are really makingsome serious progress and keeping their promises. If this game was fully released in 2015 or something,they could still get their money from it, but instead they are actually really trying to finish the game as they promised.It is, in my opinion, the only one case that early access really worked out and the result is this amazing game.Developers made so much improvement after first early access state, and they yet never charged additionalpee to play the game itself. Not like others like releasing unfinished game and releasing contents in god damn DLCs.I would want more from this game however, not because the current game does not have enough contents,but the potential this game has is not still fully realized. I wish developers keep up their really great work.And please nerf the damn dog!"
,Recommended,251570,28957126,Posted: 2 January,all,nice try,То чувство когда забыл про реальный мир...
,Recommended,251570,23899611,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dr. Dog,awesome game 10/10
,Recommended,251570,16271871,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TDAWGG,"Doctor simulator 2015... walks off chest, breaks leg. Makes splint and goes to get water. Walks into river Breaks leg from fall damage without even jumping. Makes splint goes home. Repeat 100x then friend jumps on your head trying to get on a cliff and flies up about 200m in the air and lands somehow survives but breaks leg makes splint takes 2 steps and breaks leg again. 10/10 but seriosuly is a good game."
,Recommended,251570,14427303,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LeHippieMon3,"T-bone kevin swine corned beef, salami tail jerky bacon ribeye picanha andouille frankfurter beef porchetta short ribs. Cow flank beef ribs tri-tip tenderloin fatback. Cow biltong tail, beef ribs short ribs drumstick meatloaf pork belly turducken porchetta ball tip tri-tip chicken. Turducken andouille pork belly pork loin. Pork belly jowl meatball turkey prosciutto, jerky shankle tongue pork loin rump boudin. Boudin pork chop biltong swine ribeye drumstick.Shankle frankfurter short loin jerky. Salami cupim andouille pork loin turducken tail ribeye landjaeger short loin ham pastrami strip steak jowl frankfurter beef ribs. Ball tip shank beef tri-tip, drumstick boudin shankle fatback pork loin turkey tail turducken venison chuck. Kevin chicken pastrami sausage ham, swine salami hamburger venison. Tenderloin landjaeger salami, spare ribs kielbasa leberkas rump short ribs pork loin brisket.Drumstick ribeye pastrami shoulder tail. Landjaeger swine pork loin brisket venison pancetta prosciutto t-bone cupim. Turkey tail picanha landjaeger cupim andouille pastrami jerky pork belly biltong alcatra doner. Spare ribs beef ribs flank venison, shankle shank leberkas salami swine pork belly turducken landjaeger. Shankle ball tip ribeye, venison tenderloin pig pastrami turducken hamburger meatball. Swine andouille cow, filet mignon sirloin picanha strip steak pork.Biltong leberkas tongue chicken pork belly short loin, andouille venison shankle. T-bone salami alcatra, ham pork loin leberkas drumstick picanha swine venison filet mignon bacon cow pork. Tongue fatback picanha drumstick beef ribs cow brisket pancetta shank strip steak short ribs kielbasa. Biltong ham jerky, pastrami alcatra ribeye bacon tail. Andouille sirloin swine capicola biltong, short loin frankfurter hamburger corned beef chuck turducken boudin bresaola brisket kielbasa. Tail pancetta boudin sausage ribeye chicken drumstick filet mignon doner shankle.Leberkas rump ham, short ribs drumstick alcatra pork chop jowl flank tri-tip biltong pig tongue. Turkey alcatra beef sirloin doner salami shoulder jerky rump ham hock porchetta bresaola. Pastrami short loin doner jowl salami porchetta, cupim pig spare ribs fatback pork belly. Beef ribs flank pastrami pancetta rump, ham hock cupim short loin sausage kevin chicken chuck frankfurter."
76561198008896146,Recommended,251570,15414634,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dr. Lawyer,Best Game of its kind. Beats Dayz and some others I have played. Great single player experience. Can't wait to see what the future holds...
,Recommended,251570,33913647,Posted: 30 July,all,Matae,"Was sceptical at first as to just how fun this game would be, but for the low purchase price I figured I'd give it a shot.Definitely addicting. Takes some getting used to and you've got a lot to learn but common sense can easily be your guide if you prefer to play a game through without any outside assistance or tips.Great survival game. Every decision counts."
,Not Recommended,251570,17576018,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SergeantAtom,"I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS PIECE OF CRAP.The first time i ever heard of this game it looked beautiful... that was the past.the game has been VERY downgraded, VERY.There are NO zombies, the player models are extremely ugly.CREATIVE?! you need ammo to fire guns, they will still break in creative due to they're durability, and you will still die. Diference? you can fly and you can cheat for any block but thats it, you will still starve and die and run out of ammo.This is a cash-grab... it copies everything from Minecraft to DayZ.Want a good zombie game? go play S.T.A.L.K.E.R. or DayZ.I am very disapointed at this game and its developers... they abandoned the game, they used it has a cash-grab.SHAME ON YOU FUNNYPIMPS.Oh but wait theres more!See that bike over there on the picture?YOU CANT SPAWN IT!It would be fun to shoot buildings with rockets... but one rocket explosion makes one perfect square whole on the building. and thats not soooo bad, until you fire 6 rockets and need to get a new launcher, not to mention it will destroy your frame rate and the GOD DAMN GAME!The good stuff about this game?The weapons look good... while the game looks exactely like rubbing dirt in your eyes!The map was made even bigger then before... but now its just miles of land, because they didnt bother to decorate it a bit... good luck surviving without trees or animals or ANYTHING!the game has been forsaken, DO NOT BUY THIS, IT IS NOT WORTH 25$ / 23€ so do not buy it.It was the worst thing i ever bought.I Have asked for a refund... if they dont give it to me then go to hell all of you."
76561198010399847,Recommended,251570,14040406,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cones,"Tried to get a date with a hot nurse, it didnt end well10/10"
,Not Recommended,251570,26550680,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BoomerzDude,This would be a good game if it didn't lag out every five minutes.
,Recommended,251570,21384618,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Yooper4Life,"Great game.  Hard to start out, but once you have a small base established its fun.  Or you can live as a nomad.  Fun with freinds.  Gun play is not the greatest but is good enough.  If pvp prepair to be raided.  best to make a base that is well hidden.  Game has crafting, building, farming and you can even build a mini bike to get around."
,Not Recommended,251570,33838725,Posted: 27 July,all,try41000,"As much as I enjoy the game, in its current state, at the current price, I can't recommend it.The game's premise is an interesting combanation of two popular generes, voxel based building games, and sandbox survival games (as in the type that have flooded the early access section).  While the developers do seem to care about the game (unlike most other early access survival games) the game still suffers from the same problems as many others.  Things like an extreme lack of optimization, large ammounts of bugs, and slow development.  None of these things alone would be enough for me to review this negatively alone due to how fun and interesting the gameplay is, but all together, its too much.  With this being in early access, I can forgive a lot, but with the extent of all of these issues, it makes the game very hard to enjoy, and without much faster development, it likely will be for years to come."
76561198051023989,Recommended,251570,18913491,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rezdog,good
76561198201199978,Recommended,251570,18775617,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Reaper54,i think its a pretty good game XD
76561197971125716,Recommended,251570,18934153,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,McConnell,"The difficulty level is very high, the weapons are fun to use (even the basic ones), effective base-building is absolutely critical, exploration is the best way to progress, stealth and violence are equally important, and the immersion is fantastic.9/10.Would be a 10/10 if the graphics were better."
,Recommended,251570,19104222,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Rorvec,Needs to be finished.
76561197971920822,Recommended,251570,14398344,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,benson_41,"Spectacular potential. With a bit more fleshing out and smoothing of some bugs, it will be a top notch game in this genre.Update: This game has made great strides. It is incredibly fun, and has a tinge of tension. People have to understand that it is an Early Release, and it will have issues. If you want a finished game go elsewhere. If you want something rushed into production, go elsewhere. If you want to watch the game evolve, this is the place. The game will have maor bugs with each release. They are always hammered out in a reasonable amount of time.2nd Update: Game has surpassed anything I believed it would. Devs have kept working on it an moving it forward, regardless of pressures to rush out a product that isn't ready."
76561198256059318,Recommended,251570,32828799,Posted: 26 June,all,Jarl,This is one awesome and fun game. You get a true feeling of isolation and impending doom. This is easily one of the top 2 or 3 Zombie apocalypse games out right now and the devs are always active and working on the game. My played time on this game is well over 200+ hours. That is because I had to play build 10.4 for the longest time due to having a weaker pc and I played it offline. I highly recommend this game if you're into The Walking Dead TV show and Zombie survival in general. Fun times.
76561198050450132,Recommended,251570,33146861,Posted: 2 July,all,James,"Love it, get it. That's all I have to say."
,Recommended,251570,28617810,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hitokiri Battousai,"Great fun with friends. But mediocre on it's own. I reccomend playing this, only if you have other friends to play it with."
76561198160038003,Not Recommended,251570,25390419,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Betaman,"game looks fun, but wont run on my mac even though it meets the minimum requirements"
76561198046820887,Recommended,251570,14638436,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Offensive1,Loved this game.  Highly recommended.  It's like Minecraft smashed into The Walking Dead.  Craft quickly before the hordes come.
76561198032901284,Recommended,251570,13180135,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Lord Gerro,Nice game mincraft meets FPS.
76561197978248879,Recommended,251570,13268067,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ankh,"Very fun survival type game, PERFECT if you play with friends. It often gets very intense and you get versed in the game quite fast once you start playing.Considering the game is during it's alpha/beta stage - meaning that it is still under ""production"" it has come a very long way and the future looks nothing but bright for 7DTD.I would with out of doubt recommend this game.!//Ankh"
,Recommended,251570,13098329,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Saibher,Good Game to play by yourself.even better with friends!8.5/10
,Recommended,251570,13126217,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,PuNiShEr_ChRiS,This is a great game that i recommend to all zombie killers and minecrafters alike.
76561198054260005,Recommended,251570,13161386,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rabid BaneCat,"on initial playing the game, the early signs are quite good......it's minecraft, dead island, and left for dead all rolled into one.....it's tricky to get used to at first, but the game looks promising and fun to play.....I would recommend it if you like zombie or minecraft style games....."
76561198165870051,Recommended,251570,13365906,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Stack,"So when I first bought this game, it was rather easy as far as getting materials/mining/killing zombies.After a few updates, the game has really game together in my eyes. The UI is easier to function, dont have to eat and drink every two minutes. Zombies are not a one shot kill anymore.However, they do need to work on hit boxes with melee weapons. For some reason the Zombies have a reach that will out do you no matter how fast you think you are. But when you think you are close enough to hit them, they ♥♥♥♥♥ slap you and now all hell breaks loose.Keep up the good work and looking forward to future updates to the game."
76561198060577678,Recommended,251570,13403040,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,RedDrake,Intertaning game you can easily sink over 100 hours on it without even realizing. Steal in alfa stages so expect sum bugs and kinks.
,Recommended,251570,13420128,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,DEADPOOL,"*****UPDATEI've been playing this game for Years now... and just when you start to get bored with it then it releases something that makes it a WHOLE new game. The dev's have NOT let this game die and the new stuff they add every month or so just keeps the traing going. I can't wait to see what the finished product looks like. Amazing. Graphics enhanced... World Enhanced... My review below doesn't even scratch the serface of this game now. YOU NEED TO TRY IT!**********At first, I was very skeptial about this game, The graphics didn't look interesting... The game play looked weak... I love survival games and zombie games... It was on sale so I figured I would finallly give it a shot. Needless to say... I would've spent the 24.99. In this game, You have so much more to focus on then the way the ""Enviroment"" looks. You need to focus on your health... Hunger... Thirst... Make sur you dont get sick or break a leg because youll need to splint it for a few days.. youll need to check evey corner around you because you're never alone, You need to make sure you're hiddin at night because they will run... and they will find you. If you want to know where their time went with this game, It was the survival aspect, They did it deeper and more complex then any of the other survival games I've played.  EVERYTHING is a resource... Yeah, You need to do the basics of course... Cut down a tree... Mine some rocks... But after that is thousands of things to do... Eat a can of food, Us the Tin to make metal scraps, Turn all the metal scraps into rebar... Or smelt them down into iron ignots then into forged iron then rebar, then take some cobblestone, break it down into gravel, smash some stones up to get some cement mix it together to get some concrete mix, use those wood planks on your rebar blocks, pour in the concrete and let it sit for a few DAYS to dry then poof. Reinfoced Concrete Block. You'll need to make or find a shovel to dig, and a pick axe to mine. You can do it with anything but the specific tools work faster for specific jobs, You can just a shovel to break down a wooded door but a axe will work better. Wanna make some cabnets for your fort? Grab some logs, Make some planks, Dye the planks with wild flowers, turn them into counter blocks, find some cobble stone and make them counter top pieces, gravb a few more things and boom. Need a weapon to start the game? Find some bushed and get a good stick and grass ""Youll need grass to make twine"" find a stone and sharpen it, make an axe. Want something with range? Turn some logs into planks into sticks, get some twine and make yourself a crossbow. Needless to say, I owned this game for a week and have 40 hours in it already ""ontop of a 50 hour work week"". My friends now have coppies. This game is amazing."
,Recommended,251570,13247944,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jigbizzle,Built a house in the middle of a city. Tunneled underground... deep below the house i boxed myself into. dug through the earth to outside the city. dug up. Build another house. Now have an underground supply railroad. 10/10
76561197987418739,Recommended,251570,13050573,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Coverchrg,"If there was a real zombie apocalypse, this is exactly what it would be like. The best zombie survival game I've played."
76561198049014932,Recommended,251570,13166340,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Valupeh,"huge amount of fun that doesnt get old, the devs update not quite as often as i would like, but when they do its always really big and improves upon the game, its worth every dollar, but if its on sale, buy it"
76561198165152073,Recommended,251570,13114121,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LeachingShadows,"I believe this game is really good. I like how the feeling of survival is persistant. However, I do think that if you have friends on the server, it should automatically track them all/show them all on the compass where they are. Instead, track should be removed in place of this feature."
76561198081240687,Recommended,251570,13165783,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dictator Of Jesus,"I highly recommend this game. I have very poor internet (satellite) so i cant really play online but i LOVE the zombie apocolypse kind of survival genre. This game gave me that sort genre while also adding the kind of Voxel elements of minecraft. I know a lot of things get compared to minecraft but its sort of a universally know game to compare with. Some may say this is a DayZ copy off with some minecraft in there. I say you are wrong sir or madame. This is to me, only like DayZ in the sense its a zombie survival. This is something very different at the same time familiar. It has great crafting, a nice food and water consumption set up so having food and water is something to pay attention too. Good amount of loot, the citys and towns have a very good amount. Its really exciting when you find like a military base with these military crates of goodness. The weapons are decently plentiful and to me, this game is HARD. I know i have said in my earlier statements i have poor internet, so i havent played with friends yet. I think if you have a couple people with weapons it would be easier. I enjoy the nice challenge it keeps it interesting. One of the more important things about this game is that the devs are very helpful and they update this game quite often. I have had this game somewhere around a year and it is amazing how far it has come. New features are added often and im very satisfied with this purchase. In conclusion I would say anyone who likes the zombie survival idea of game should buy this. Its worth every penny at full price but its absolutely worth its sale price of 12.49 so buy it and build the community!!!"
,Recommended,251570,13190143,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,scubastco,"Best Zombie game out there! During the last large update the servers were completely swiped, but didn't hesitate to keep playing because of the countless amount of things to do. I have over 210 hours of game play so far and feel no downfall of excitement! Highly recommend."
76561198047464235,Recommended,251570,30576342,Posted: 17 March,all,cylocke,"addictive game, play it rather often, ... however I've found a few inconsistancies in the game so far, firstly cooking; if you create a drink and consume it you get the glass jar back, so the premise of returning a container is existant, while cooking any recipe that requires bottled water for say Corn on the Cob, does not return said glass jar upon creation, which is from a continuity stand point illogical based on the affore beverage model, I'm not grinding the glass down and using it as seasoning for the corn after all and it wouldn't exactly be an adviseable use of the glass either.frame rate: lights are great, a bit too much on the eyes, torches are slightly better, they cast a bigger light range, but candles are more asthetically pleasing and less daunting on the eyes while playing, the problem is the framerate goes bananas if you have too many, mine has dropped to 3 framerate and the game has locked up for several seconds.not a techie but possible memory leak? maybe? ( note: my game settings have me at a 50-60 fps when not near my base nearing the base it progressively drops to 30 fps and below)Shiv: every weapon in the game once it's durability has been exhausted it can be scrapped, the Shiv which is durived from bone vanishes utterly from existance, game mod idea so the shiv follows the same premise, bone to bone powder then to glue. that way the shiv can be salvaged and keep that continuity of scapping the weapon after it's of no furthur use.locked items ie, wall safes, gun safe, some method of safe cracking, I know the arguement of well then it could stand that player doors should also be crackable, doors are an electronic pin code, safes are tumbler pins two entirely different tech so safe cracking works as a seperate context.Crops (any) noted this happen several times and it's random, travel too far from your base while crops are growing and return, you'll note several of your planted crops regardless of the growth stage are now missing, attempt to replant them and the error message ""you cannot place that here"" appears, only after the growth cycle has completed can you replant the area where the missing crop was, shutting down and restarting the game does not make the missing crops appear."
,Recommended,251570,30577242,Posted: 17 March,all,StrongBullGamer,"The best Zombie Horde Survival, Crafting, Horror, Tower Defense Game I have played so far.Keeps me wanting more. It's in Early Access which means it's still moldable and it is Awesome for what it is so far. looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for this game. Loving it!"
76561198051141573,Recommended,251570,34318508,Posted: 17 August,all,DeadCash,"Got about 800 hours on this game and i have to say that to me personally its been a ton of fun.Its not a super easy game but with a couple days of mild grinding you will be setup to the point of good survival or base raiding (whatever your thing is) But the way the combat feels is very smooth. its real easy to find cover and shoot someone down and searching for bases to raid is a big thrill (traps added in the game makes it even harder to raid) So if you know what you are doing (Like getting 80+ scavenging so you can get good loot)  you can setup quickly and start having some fun :DPvE 7/10 (Just gets boring after so many hours, Zombies don't really challenge big base builders )PvP 9/10 (Very thrilling)Leveling system 9/10 (Pretty fairly balanced)"
76561198304649922,Recommended,251570,32635370,Posted: 21 June,all,Cwest2089,"played this game for just about as long as i had my steam acount and i LOVE this game, the graphics arent the best but the gameplay is very entertaining and offers building, combat, scavenging and alot more Highly recomend buying, worth the money, 10/10."
76561198098404032,Recommended,251570,26091371,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tornado25,"7 Days To Die is a sandbox survival horde crafting game where you build,craft,defend and defeat hordes after hordes of zombie'sPro's+ The game is very large in general and has diffrent biomes+ Has buildings and city's to explore thats somthing i have not seen in a sandbox for a while !+ Has multiplayer+ Game has a inbuild tutorial+ realistic block destruction+The game is very fun with friends so ill recomend to try that outCon's- Dogs/wolfs are end game- The game needs more crafting and capabilities- The game has ALLOT of glitches they have gotten worse in alpha 16 random terrain regenerating (This is a huge problem because this could destroy half of  your base)- The minibike glitches allot more then it used to this includes: game loads chuncks very slow when driving the minibike,your model goes underground for no reason.- Multiplayer has gotten way worse lag and glitches are more common then ever (since alpha 16)Yeah i know its Early Acces butt hey look at it this game is very good in general and i would defently buy this if your on of  the players who like to play minecraft,rust nothing more to say thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,251570,28262031,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,T.,worth every penny
76561198048492015,Recommended,251570,29315783,Posted: 17 January,all,世界の黒歴史,我们需要中文版。请官方重视中国市场。大家请给我点赞！并且复制粘贴和发表自己的评论。We need the Chinese version. Please pay attention to the Chinese market.
76561198109446343,Recommended,251570,26322844,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,The Lazy Gamer,Really Fun to play with friend(s) pro tip: just avoid cold areas...
,Recommended,251570,14323028,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,hugo,best survival game so far :)
76561198332936942,Recommended,251570,28484269,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,AkAlex,"this game is amazing even at the alpha stage, i will admit there are a few bugs that can be a bother but nothing to game changing, i would 100% recomend this IF you have friends to play with"
,Recommended,251570,33511374,Posted: 13 July,all,Chigiri,"A lot of these kids don't seem to realize they are playing an Alpha game. Go buy a full release if you don't want to deal with game breaking updates and patches. Early access is to support the creators as they make the game and to give feedback on bugs... not to expect every update to enhance the game in every way without problem. Yes, it's going to break your previous save and it's going to keep breaking your save until the full release. Get over it. Seven Days is going in a great direction and they are working hard to make it even more enjoyable (and yes to fix the bugs)."
,Recommended,251570,34570340,Posted: 28 August,all,Epimyst,"Meh,"
76561198296453605,Recommended,251570,24031348,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,"(""Hell Rider"")",Very good game but i recommend to watch letsplays in YouTube to exactly know what do in game there some a few bugs but so much
76561197970613608,Recommended,251570,18827576,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Magnatude,"7 Days to LoadI think this will become a great game, looks promising.But man... my experience has been.... Loading.... loading.... yep still loading...oh I'm in (multiplayer)... CRASH....Loading..... loading..... loading.... yep still loading....I'm in again! CRASH!Loading.... loading.... loading...Ok I'll give it the benifit of the doubt but this almost became a negative review."
76561198065547440,Recommended,251570,18888319,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CowInASuit,Yes. Just yes. It may be in early access but it is still godd.
,Recommended,251570,18905001,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rifky-kun,for a long time~:D
76561198113610816,Recommended,251570,18954933,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ozzysfang,Hands down my favorite game/ gaming experiencane. It's an alpha game so I get to watch and interact with its' evolution. very fun in SP mode but outstanding in MP mode. made some great friends and am hooked.
76561198194325531,Recommended,251570,19031009,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Taint Warrior,"for being an early access game, its phenomenal. people complain about this game but when you only have a handful of people developing it instead of a large corporation like EA, or SQUARE ENIX, stuff takes a lot longer to get done. Its amazing its come this far in such a short time. anyways, this game is well thought and balanced. except the bears. the bears are a##holes and destroy my first night bases. worse than♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trolls. i do like the intricacy of the detection system and noise and scent attraction. The maps are freaking huge and even with the same seed, no two playthroughs are the same. I have only found one survival game i like better and that is The Forest. but for the sake of sheer freedom in a survival game, id have to say that this one takes the crown thus far. I found something rather hilarious today btw, a shotgun messiah store built on a slope, with one corner only supported by a single old wooden pole. i died to bears while laughing. 3 to be specific. A screenshot of this building is in my screenshots section of my profile for those who wish to see this construction conundrum. 22/10 would get mauled by bears on the first night again."
,Recommended,251570,18794262,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Project First Contact,Good games.I play in hd at low-medium settings on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphic card gt 520 and a dual coreThis game is such gameguru with an immense open world.Good game for low end pcRecommend it!!!
76561198258286055,Recommended,251570,18838791,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,cracky,Absolutelyt brilliant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!this game has so much to offer but yur pc has to be good to play this game.9/10
,Recommended,251570,14304242,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kompromised,"I played this game when it was just released onto the Steam Early Access and to be honest, I didn't think it had much potential in the already crowded ""Zombie/Survival, Open-World"" genre, competing against juggernauts like the DayZ stand-alone and RUST (both of which seem to have petered out in my opinion, with HEAVY emphasis on DayZ). I hated the boxy/voxel environment that was present in 7 Days to Die (not the way you build, because that is good that it is voxel based but the environment in the world was also boxy and voxel based and that I did not like). However they must have listened to their fanbase because the took that inspired ""minecraft"" rip-off, voxel based environment and threw it out the window.I logged into the game not to long ago after about a 12 month break from the game the my first thought was ""Am I playing the same game?"" It had been changed so much for the better that I didn't even recognize it. This is one of the best ""open-world zombie survival"" games I have ever played and I am so happy that they threw out the old game, went back to the drawing board and crafted a masterpiece that has really clawed, bit and scratched it's way through the some of the half-finished, trash with a ""zombie survival horror"" tag slapped on it, to get to the top of the pile and became one of the best in the genre.In reference to the game, unlike most in the genre, the Zombies/Walkers in this game are really something to be feared, especially in large numbers and has the game progresses its not uncommon to come across a horde that is 25, 50 even 100 strong and if you think your safe indoors inside that nice house you boarded up and fortified or the base you crafted yourself from the ground up...think again. If they see you through a window, if you step too loudly on a piece of wood or get their attention in any other way, they will rip your house board by board from the foundation to the roof to get to their next meal. Use the daytime hours to get what you need done because the night belongs to them. I have never felt the same feeling of dread that comes over you when you hear the moans and the scratches of a horde that has you trapped in the building that you thought was safe, in any other game besides this one (and Project Zomboid, also another great zombie survival game).Beyond the main antagonist of the game, the walkers, you are also contending with the threat of disease, infection and your own hunger and thirst that needs to be managed constantly otherwise a slow death is all you'll have to look forward to and it often seemed that I was always one meal away from wasting away until the universe shined a light on me and I came across a deer or a wild pig that gave me life for another day.All and all, I believe that this game is one of the best early access games available on Steam and absolutely the best in it's genre and as always, it's more enjoyable online with friends."
,Not Recommended,251570,16150063,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cell,This game made me lose hope in humanity. 10/10 would never install again.
76561198124491287,Recommended,251570,12104185,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Black Jesus,"I very much enjoy this game and recommend it to others.  I only purchased it recently but can't get enough of it.  Gameplay is the same as everyone else has said: Minecraft meets DayZ.  But I personally enjoyed how customizable it was and where the developers are planning to take the game.  There are many ways you can adjust the difficulty of the game and I found that to be my favorite feature.  I started out with the easiest setting but then increased spawn rates, increased difficulty, decreased loot drops etc.  Overall a very enjoyable game, do recommend!"
,Recommended,251570,12106909,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,WildCS,its like minecraft for adults =)
,Recommended,251570,12095625,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,CaleoGaming,"This game has a lot of features that other zombie games are lacking.-You can literally destroy every single block in the world.-You can search every single building in the game.-You can build houses/castles/fortresses/ anything you like to.-There is an option on the servers to turn off/on PvP (Which is a thing MANY survival games are lacking. Rust *cough cough*)-The Zombies are no threat in small numbers but can be deadly in big numbers/hordes.-Sneaking actually seems logical in the game. If you carry something they can smell like venison or meat - You will not be safe for long.-You have to scavenge for Food and Water. Drinking water from a lake will make you sick and eating fresh meat will poison you. So you have to think logical. Boil the water, Cook the meat.This game is amazing in many ways. And I am really looking forward to see where the developers will take this game in the future.Oh and drinking water from a lake will give you diarrhea. Fighting off the zombies while squeezing your buttcheeks together to not♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself XD10/10"
76561198062395997,Recommended,251570,12100698,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Daniel Adamitskiy,"*This is being written at Alpha 9.3.7 Days to Die is something different. It takes zombie survival and completely twists it around towards crafting. The game is quite a bit about grinding to craft new items to build places, but thankfully the game is fun and most people actually enjoy not killing each other and working together in PvE. Game is frequently updated and improved.Overall, I'd rate it 90/100 with more to come as newer updates arrive. Would definitly buy it even if it was a $60 game."
76561198042343552,Recommended,251570,12102682,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,TOMOIAN74,great game well addictive
76561198354810149,Recommended,251570,28700726,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,VESELIČ,BEST GAME EVER !!! :)
76561198144631829,Recommended,251570,16369514,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nathan Hale,I recommed this game but the zombies spawns fast but its a great game with its graphics and great game to play on coop
,Recommended,251570,31001752,Posted: 7 April,all,[ZF] DJAnniss,Awesome game. Wish they would add some sort of auto organise feature
76561198039605358,Recommended,251570,32759023,Posted: 24 June,all,Papamoose,yes
76561198126713567,Recommended,251570,32756795,Posted: 24 June,all,the dank meme son,i recommend this  game  on multyplayer but tis still fun on singil player
,Recommended,251570,28458320,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ocychode,its ok
76561198041053986,Recommended,251570,11161034,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Blackpool,For an alpha its a suprising playable game.  Nice mix of zombie killing and building.  Just needs alot more content to keep it going but since its alpha there is hope.
,Recommended,251570,15677740,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DΞLτΔ-ΩMΞgλ,I like doge. i dun care what u think...just sayin =3
76561198022591952,Recommended,251570,12205568,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zymbol,One of my favorite game on steam can't wait to see how this game will be when it's finished!
,Recommended,251570,12615631,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,StrungSweeney,This game... Wow so addictive after writing this reveiw i just had a session of 581mins.Find the right server and you will be playing till your fingers bleed.Fantastic work keep up the good work Devs. We are counting on you.
76561197984206548,Recommended,251570,13255006,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,chronosnight,"Fun, hard, seems like the Devs are moving towards an awesome game, Has the feel of Fallout with the resource gathering of Minecraft, still quite a few problems."
76561197981028476,Not Recommended,251570,16076471,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,EevilGenius,"Ridiculous zombie spawn behavior. Killed a horde. Ah, well, let's spawn a new one 20m away. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stamina of yourself which means you lack strength in close combat which again is very important for looting houses. In fact the houses with gun saves in towns with a lot of zombies. Or run away. Note: I was playing on low difficulty. Just for fun. This game isn't fun. At least not alone. By the way: The greater your wellness the more your health and stamina raises. Didn't make a difference though."
,Recommended,251570,19645379,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Xinwild,"This game is highly addictive and all different servers mod'd/unmod'd pve/pvp with all their different settings give a good amount of different experiences. I currently have over a thousand played hours, and regardless of there being a huge reset with whatever big patch that comes out, it still manages to be something I want to do over and over and I never feel like ive run out of things to do. Reaching and keeping the top of the leader boards also highly addictive. I do think maybe expanding melee weapons would be cool, or weapons in general but I know its still in alpha and the devs are constantly listening to the players and continuing to improve. Very excited for this next big patch, it looks amazing. If youre worried about this game because its been in alpha for such a long time, dont worry, its a very living game. Thanks devs."
,Recommended,251570,19765782,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jaq745,"So far the best survival simulation game that I have played.  The studio keeps working and updating the game with no extra payment etc., so that's something every gamer appreciates.  Especially had a great time building massive hideouts and bases with friends.  10/10!"
,Recommended,251570,21197033,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dogboy,it reminds me of 9/11
,Recommended,251570,21248314,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Splitsie,"As with every early access game I play there are bugs galore, thankfully the core part of the game is a whole barrel of fun.When the game is running properly it is a terrifyingly fun experience. Creeping through a city and jumping at every noise or accidentally sneaking up on a bear, whichever way I died I wanted to go out and do it again... but this time AFTER I find myself a nice sniper rifle :)"
76561198056631582,Recommended,251570,19704941,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Major Artyom,so some how with the new update they managed to screw this game up more than it was previously though it is still tons of fun when the framerate is above 10fps
,Recommended,251570,20003108,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dsouthard09,"This game has came so far from when I first purchased it. It has easily become my recent obsession. The day/night cycle necessitates careful planning for supply runs, the zombies awareness of sound, smell, and line of sight keeps you looking over your shoulders at all times, and the building is finally to a point when it's possible to construct a good base. I am very excited to see where this game will go in the future."
76561198011514358,Recommended,251570,20122086,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Theodore J. Conrad,Log #7: It's day 7. Tonight they'll come. I'm afraid. I have worked so hard. Will it be enough? End of message.
,Recommended,251570,21123956,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Minigum,Love it !!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251570,21406714,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lucid_Necrocrat,"I have to say, for a game that is currently in Alpha, this does not take away from how fun or addictive the gameplay is.The sounds in the game truly make you panic and increase your heart rate when you hear a zombie nearby that you haven’t noticed, or when huddled up hiding in an abandoned house praying the zombies don’t find your hiding spot as they shuffle past in a herd like fashion.As you prepare and gather resources you are constantly watching out for any surprises lurking around every corner and franticly trying to fortify your sanctuary to prevent it becoming your final resting place. Best of all you can play with your friends to try survive together.I truly look forward to the advances in the development of this totally fun game."
76561198220078568,Recommended,251570,22082183,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Death-By-Cacti,"I cant get enough of this game, everything i could ask in a survival game, BUT, every single big patch you bring out breaks my old saves and i have to start from nothing again, all the time i put in gets lost and its starting to bum me out."
,Recommended,251570,19735022,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Amicus_Fidelis,"This game really is worth the money that you put into it.  It has some bugs, Yes. It is still in alpha, but hopefully that will change soon.  Since I've started playing a year ago this game has really transformed.  With its new Alpha 13 realease it has revamped pretty much everything in the game including enhanced graphics and game mechanics.  This does affect FPS on lower end PC's but if you have a decent Computer with a decent Card you should be ok.  You can always turn the graphics detail down to get better frame rates.  Now what you probably are wanting to know is. IS THIS GAME FUN?  To answer that question I have to tell you a few things first, so bare with me.  My first experience with 7D2D was Horrific.  Not only did I not know what I was doing but I didn't know how to craft or where to go that was safe or how to even get a weapon to defend yourself.  Survival in Gameplay was an absolute nightmare, especially at night.  My first few days playing reminded me of my first playthrough of Dark Souls.  Which is very unforgiving BTW.  After a while this became tiresome and repitituous, I mean who wants to watch themselfves die over and over again and lose all the cool stuff you collected.  So I went to the WIKI and started reading up on the game.  Also went to YOUTUBE to get some tips on survival and gameplay.  After understanding how the game worked and how to survive I began to have one the greatest Survival Crafting experiences ever.  This of course was only just in Single player mode and when I got some friends to play multiplayer on a server, it got even better.  And with the continuous updates from FUN PIMPS this game has the potential to out do any other game in the genre.  So below I'm going to list my rating of the game (From my perspective.)Plot- NA (Sandbox Crafting games like Minecraft shouldn't have a plot,  There's an explanation for the zombie outbreak but its secret and you have to find it. NO SPOILERS!)Gameplay - 8.5Graphics   - 7.9Immersion- 9.3Fun Factor- 8.1Replay Value - 9.2OVERALL - 8.6"
,Recommended,251570,19828331,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Xxandy2003xX,This game is amazballs well it is kinda amazballs its good but not graet its alrightchops woodfinda a gun fail to shoot at a zombie WITH NO AMMOfinda a mgun capinate opens the gun cabantie finds guns but no AMMO 10/10
76561198171488707,Recommended,251570,20019578,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pickle juice cigars,Great game!
76561198131450305,Recommended,251570,21414824,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,xercsees,"Never played an Early Access Alpha before this game and for the price it was definitely worth it.  It feels like a finished product when first playing Alpha 13 (didn't play the previous alphas) and became instantly addicted.  Put a lot of hours in and have only experienced a few glitches, though performance has been occasionally poor, which I think is being addressed in the Alpha 14.Playing single player is fun and the building is great, especially coming from someone who hasn't ever played minecraft, so I can't really comment on the references some reviewer give.I think the game has a whole lot more to give and the devs are great.Regular playthroughs are on youtube so check them out, some great ones from the Mindcrack guys.  Here's our own LennyPrawn playing :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dSOOps8ls0"
76561198132696091,Recommended,251570,19721691,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,nerdlogic77,"A couple of weeks ago, my review would have been complely differnet. This game was pretty much unplayable. I had to turn graphics down to low. But now I can turn the graphics on ultra!!!!"
76561198104040378,Recommended,251570,19724313,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Pneumo,"If you have nearly given up on the survival genre, i dont blame you... However, 7days to die isnt to be overlooked, and you wont be left with an unfinished nor be wasting your money.---The short version to this review is simply 'BUY THIS GAME' - (and not because i'm like a giggling schoolgirl with a crush on the weiner justin beiber- but because ...-Read the long version....********The long version********I've owned this game for around about a year or so, and bit by bit, i've been watching it go through its changes, as alphas do... Unlike most of the others in this genre, its kept with its original plans, and the developers have continued on, listening to the community, taking constructive critisism on the chin, even asking for others to point out its flaws, and addressing them when they get through other bugfixes and updates, evn managing to squish them into spaces where there werent gaps... so have no fear of throwing your hard earned cash at this game...To explain, 7days to die, is, as it states, a zombie survival game... but there are few, or if not none, that manage to feel like an actual zombie survival. I've played many survival games in the past, but none do it quite like this one- heres how it does it:-* You can start off, either within mulitplayer games, as with most or rather all survival games, OR you can play solo, in either a randomly generated/standard map.* You are placed randomly within a HUGE map and left with a bottle of boiled water, a can of chilli in a can, and a few basic bandages. ...and no clothes. (??) ...and then, its all up to you.** You will be, as you'd expect with a zombie survival- literally scavenging what you can, when you can, from wherever you can- Within abandoned cars, trash cans, cardboardboxes, houses, warehouses, nature itself, built up towns, ruined cities (...kinda bigger towns, rather than cities, but i believe thats what they're referred to as) ...these places are usually more populated with zombies and, even if you chose (within the options upon creating a new game....) to set spawn rate to low, theyre persistant, and it only gets harder, the more noise you make, the more you kill....you'll eventually have to run away and wait til they forget about you.*** Since the recent update (Dec 2015) theres been a thourough introduction of the RPG ish system- of which, you level up by gaining experience by doing all sorts of things, crafting, hunting, scavenging, digging etc, and at the same time as gaining experience, individual skills also gain experience... whereas when you level up, you are given a few skill points to add to the already gaining skills... blunt weapons, ranged, making weapons , crafting armour, crafting blocks etc... which has made the game even more in depth (even after i recently allowed myself to use the creative tools after many hours of play beforehand), ive now stopped since the update and started fresh, to play all over agin... as the level up system has only recently properly came into working order) ... also, as your crafting skills get better, you'll be able to craft higher ranking/teir weapons- which are shown by a colour coded system/better stats.**** Food and water is found by scavenging or taking from nature, hunting pigs, deer, rabbits, bears and chickens, also, you can, after making a safe location, begin to plant your own xrops after finding the seeds in the wild, or after eating vegetables or cutting down trees, cacti, and other vegetation...***** The building blocks come in many usueful and decorative forms, inner and outer walls and flooring, placed in a 'minecraft-esque manner, of literally nice looking blocks, but if youre against minecraft, then dont be worried, they dont look atall like simply coloured lego bricks that are clearly reconised as black outlined cartoony squares. ...on the flipside of building upward, you can dig undergorund, and unlike its block counterparts, they dont dig up as squares, moreso like a cubed netting, that you cant see due to the nicely blended layers of different resource types, that all can be used in some form of crafting, ie- sand to glass, stone within cement- withinside reinforced rebar walls etc. ...so you can build networking tunnels and that 'nice log cabin' ...with kitchen and sofa... underground...with traps...****** The graphics can be wound all the way up, or all the way down, and at maximum, if you can, it will stand its ground quite easily with all of the rest. Daytime nightime blend nicely, and depending on the visual settings that you've chosen, can have some very nice, and also a very chilling and lifelike feel at night.******* The zombies have recently had a visual and physical change, their movements have been made quite freaky, and they look all rotten and weird, as you'd expect... - you can change to if they can run or not (mines set to not run for a classic zombie affect... ....and that i dont want them to... because... you know...) ...their aggresion levels etc, which all work in tune with their senses... meaning that they can smell you (that 'chilli in a can' you start with- sort of sense you...) along with food that upsets your stomache because you've eaten raw meat or a stale sandwich, or a bit of fresh killed or cooked meat... your footsteps, rustling through bushes, jumping, shooting or being alerted by other zombie moans when they see you....brilliant.******** Whilst within a zombie horde, expect to be cut and begin to bleed out, become infected, stunned (just the same as you can stun or knock over zombies) or killed, ...or possibly die of dehydration or starvation... mauled by a bear, set on fire, or just the standard 'dig ungerground and forget gravity exists and have it all collopse ontop of you.To conclude, 7 days to die is worth the money, whatever price it is. The developers arent running off with your cash, theyre using it to fund progress, pure and simple... and even if tomorrow they hypothetically all gave up, your money STILL wont have been wasted.I cant imagine what the final game will be like upon completion, but i look forward to finding out whole heartedly. You will not be dissappointed.P.s - spelling and grammar maynot be perfect, i'm currently playing 7days to die, safe and secure whilst i wait for daylight in game... i dont like being chased in the dark by zombie dogs. (also, that may sound like daylight takes forever to come around, but ive got it all set to longest night/day duration...10/10 ...would hide at night and write reviews whilst periodically checking back again ...you know, just incase.DEV BLOG:http://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/"
76561198171638251,Recommended,251570,19738316,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Some Random Guy,this game is awesome it is really good graphics i think you guys should give it a try.
76561198114187938,Recommended,251570,19768678,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,hhaaha!,it takes a long time to... something....buy it
76561198091281378,Recommended,251570,20042050,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,UncleB,"7 Days to Die is a very fun game if you have friends or streaming, Solo play at first can be very rewarding however once you get to day 25 to even 30 yes in Alpha 13 it becomes very boring if you are playing it Solo you will find yourself using the cheat system very often and that makes it boring after time.Farming in the game  ( Crops ) - New players will be confused as so far there are no new videos to show you how to do it properly I learned out of boredom and it now takes roughly anywhere 2 to 4 days for you're crops to come in depending what you plant. They need more seeds.Best Weapon in Game ( Solo ) - ( Make a bow and Arrow fas soon as you can )however  I always thought the Sniper Rifle was the best weapon to get then I played around with the Crossbow and Exploding Arrows  no need to double tap Zombies and doesnt break as easily. Best blunt weapon is Spiked Club to Reinforced Club.Repairing weapons - dont just let it get destroyed and make a new one if you do it will devalue over time making a new one will only make it stronger.Forge -  Finding a tool kit will make you go insane at first the rest of the stuff should be easily found in most Hardware stores Wrenches and Cooking pots can be easily found in Burned Bios.Heat Stroke and Hyperthermia - Simple take you're clothes off for Heatstroke put them on for thermiaLost - If you are lost simple go to mods put lose everything on toolbelt and die I do this allot if I am far out or if you dont have a bed just place a marker not hard to do.Cheat Mode   - I really wish they would take this out of the game all together It makes the game very boring and you will be tempted to use it especially solo building you're first home base then once you realize you have it you are using it more and moreThe rest you are going to have to figure out for you're self this is just to help you get started.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Id like to see accomplished in years to comeA Boss Zombie like every 30 days ( Make it hard as crap to kill with super rare loot )Cheats totally removed from game even if this is a Mod GameMore stable Mini Bikes no fun loosing it in a cave or it blowing you upBuilding redonePlane drops removed or at least better dropped A hostipal would be a good idea for this.Dog Zombies reduced in Speed to make a pack easier to killA way to add brightness in the game some areas to Dark to seeMore seeds to plant withMaybe raise pigs and chickens for extra meatAdventure mode to see a endingMaybe replace the baby screaming with oh idk "" Join us "" could give us that Evil Dead kinda vibeput in some Npc's maybe add quests that could lead up to followers or epic weapons and recipiesOver all fantastic game just needs more to do."
76561198105356289,Recommended,251570,13262495,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,mawalien,"Having started off in the Survival genre with Minecraft, and evolving through Amnesia, The Forest and Dayz, I decided to try out 7 Days to die.I'm a casual gamer, and only manage about 4-8 hours gaming time a week.The reason I enjoy this game, is because I find it has a great balance between grinding, exploring and teamplay.The single player mode is interesting and enjoyable, and multiplayer is cool too.Recomended for lovers of the genre."
76561198126400631,Recommended,251570,13325668,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Crispy,Amazing Zombie Horde Survival/Open Destructable World/Insane Crafting System
76561198008014427,Recommended,251570,13356420,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,arkjab,"This game is so awesome. Good crafting, building, and hordes. Best early access game I played! Seems very developed for an early access."
,Recommended,251570,13381017,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AmaDeusen,"Edit: Every problem I had got fixed. Buy this game for sure!Prologue: 120+ Hours so far and this game is truly great. NOT A SINGLE PROBLEM. No problems so far, one of very few EARLY games that doesn't suck♥♥♥♥♥♥ No gamebreaking bugs no crashes, huge content etc. Developers are working on it really much, many updates and not only BUG FIX BUG FIX but TONS OF CONTENT is being added, if there are bugs they will fix them ASAP. You can buy it you won't regret it.Pros: Basic map is huge ( if you are not playing Random-Gen ), Random-Gen is great. Different biomes with different kinds of zombies, stuff like hordes, animals you can hunt and cook ( BTW pretty good cooking system for a game about zombies one of the best even tho it is basic kind ), weapons are different have durability etc, you need different types of ammunition for different guns, can learn new recipes from books you can find around the world, you can get pretty good buffs ( from coffee e.g. ) or debuffs ( broken leg, ♥♥♥♥♥ a.k.a diarrhea ) etc. You can craft weapons from parts you find or use parts to make mold and make new parts using forge and some melted iron. Zombies aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They can see, smell, hear you and they will getcha eventually. There are hordes sometimes, depends on what are you doing ( using auger ( drill ) will spawn zombies somewhere close to you because it is loud ) or what you carry in your inventory ( raw meat = smell ), you can throw rocks or cans away to distract them and so on... airdrops of random supplies around the map etc. It is just epic like ... really really epic great ! Now they added skills so you improve in what you keep doing crafting weapons keeps getting better with your skill and you just play, with levels you get free skill points you can invest directly to skills you cant get just by playing. They added treasures which is basically looking for chest like pirate which is fun when you finally get to open them and loot what is inside ! :3 You can chop zombies apart you can chop their legs off and they will keep crawling !!! How awesome is that ?!Cons: Multiplayer ( public servers ) most of the stuff is looted which is pity and players are trigger-happy ( my experience, might be different elsewhere ).For early access :9/10 - Singleplayer - After skills and so on it is awesome sometimes zombies are derps tho.5/10 - MP ( public ) - public games - No loot, armed equiped ppl killing you. ( My XPrience )10/10 - MP ( private ) - Like singleplayer but with friend/s only makes it more fun!It sure is that kind of game you should buy if you like zombie/survival/crafting/fps. ( It can be fun if you play with your friend and throw♥♥♥♥♥♥at them ( literally you can loot♥♥♥♥♥♥from toilet )."
76561198026398393,Recommended,251570,13413868,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,SilverWolf,"This game has some real promise once it is out of Beta, if the developers go in the right dirrection.Positives: I enjoy the fact that everything is destructible, even tho, if you take down a building from the bottom floor, the blocks collapsing on top just look silly. Co-op is the way to go. Extensive crafting system, farming, mining, decent variety for food, specialized tools, PLENTY TO DO!Negatives: Zombies/difficulty, the very first few days are entirely too hard if you play on default, especially for someone new to the game. You stand very little chance of learning and getting adapted to the extensive crafting menu, unless you watched a lets play, or read the wiki. Game needs either tool tips, or gradualy increasing Zombie dificulty. I understand the whole 7 days thing, but for the first 5 days or so in a game, it needs work."
76561198009289628,Recommended,251570,13443981,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Inky Fingers,"This is one of my fave survival games.  It started out like Rust, but it has progressed so much further.  It is now a little bit of every game that you have ever played."
76561197984637228,Recommended,251570,13189816,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Riggs,I love this game. Come check out the New World Order server if you have a chance!
76561198048451842,Recommended,251570,13246702,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Silk,"I must say I wasn't blown away when I first looked at this game on steam. But after constant nagging from my brother I bought the game for me and another friend so we all could play. After giving it a go I'm very pleased with the purchase and would recommend it for anyone who wants a decent challenge when it comes to survival with zombies. The game does have flaws here and there but it's still early days and I'm sure they're working on them bit by bit. If you don't want to pay the full price then I'd definitely recommend it when it's on a sale because it's easy to get hours of fun out of the game and in my opinion, that's all a game has to offer. Also with a large group of friends with pvp turned on this could be amazingly good fun with many possibilities (or just random people online if you prefer)."
76561198095484368,Recommended,251570,13385915,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Frost,This game is Awsome but I would like cars  or a boat and i would like to fish some time in a near updade please.
,Recommended,251570,18474586,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Kralzaug,"Great game, fully destroyable landscape, countless weapons, customizable worlds, and, best of all, active developers! the only thing I can say bad about it is that it reminds me a bit of Minecraft sometimes, but it is better in almost every regard."
76561198036687109,Recommended,251570,18491454,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,highfye,This is such a great game.It has everything I enjoy:fpssurvivallootingcraftingxp points and leveling upreplayabilitygood scare factorGive it a chance and you won't regret it.
76561197970803130,Recommended,251570,18277125,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,CRAZED,"Single player for me at least is boreing but I love playing this with friends on private servers. Great fun, raiding neighborhoods overun with zed's, guarding the door to a house while your buddy is the basement loudly banging on an gun safe with a pickaxe..... oh crap we got to go, here they come...Can not wait to see the finished product."
76561198115194233,Recommended,251570,18493192,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,thorn.dragonstorm,"Updates are a bit slow, but thats to be expected.  Great crafting system and LOTS of replay value, especially in multiplayer.  Cant wait until the final product!"
76561198002353366,Recommended,251570,22778219,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Neros,I've been playing this for a while now and it's only getting better. Maybe one of the best survival/crafting games.Pros:- Great crafting system- Open World with pre-designed or procedural map- Building and upgrading system- RPG Elements- A nice collection of zombies- Very few bugs for an alpha release- Devs keep improving the gameCons:- Graphics could get better- It lacks a story
,Recommended,251570,32135755,Posted: 2 June,all,Airborne,"Awesome game, hours of fun"
76561198036060027,Recommended,251570,30308243,Posted: 3 March,all,Tirvon,"Still 'early access' after all these years.... *sigh*  While I love the game, and have sunk nearly 300 hours into it, the graphics need a serious overhaul, and the gameplay needs to be improved to allow new players to not get hunted into a corner and not die repetedly from random bs, especially in the newest iterations.  I've played the game since alpha whatever since almost day1 and the mobs are still the same.  Please, FunPimps, give me a reason to break 300 hours, and contine to enjoy the game.   I can't stand crafting ANOTHER stone axe because I get hunted by zombies that can find me in the middle of nowhere, at night, when I'm not moving and THEY WEREN'T THERE 2 MIN AGO, and lose all my stuff, which then disappears on the minimap because ANOTHER random spawn appears right next to my spawn, or better yet, IN my house."
76561198049062231,Recommended,251570,12104345,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Tarondor,The game is good fun for still being in alpha i can see this game coming along in alot of good ways
76561197977113437,Not Recommended,251570,11820995,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Tigger,"I love this game.If i were to make a game just for me this would be it...Why don't you recommend it then i hear you ask?Well - my monster PC apparently keeps running out of memory! This is quite a common problem from what i read on the forums.After you restart after the crash, all the loot i previously picked up has gone....but its not in my inventory! WTF!?The ONLY way i can play is to quit out of the game every 10-15 minutes and reload it...which isn't a quick process what with my RAM catching fire at this point. .....INFURIATING to say the least!I will definitely check back in with this game - i want to play!!!PLEASE dev's.....fix it! My review will certainly change if you do!In the meantime...........DayZ ;)"
,Not Recommended,251570,26322373,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[ ุ ],"As of the game stands right now, I would highly advise you to wait until the development is finished before buying it.The AI is quite a lot like in 2001, as well as the animations of the ""zombie bees"" and such is very static and quite hilarious to say the least. Furthermore, the game looks absolutely like nothing in the trailers, and most of the maps are deserts with a few towns in them.It's also very very VERY badly optimized and feels extremely clunky. There are better alternatives out there.Game is in alpha after all, and has been for a long time, but if this was released as a game now, I would say it's complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope the full release will be better."
,Recommended,251570,16675822,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Atomic Penguin,"TLDR:Explore everywhere. Play it until you get concrete. Build a grinder base that kills everything that gets close or dies falling into your pit of doom,get bored. Game over. BC there is not much to do after that point. Now as of (a16b129) the new Vertical Dungeons are the End-game. These do get you out of your comfort zone. So that's good. You can't rely on your fortress to protect you. You will need all your best gear, plenty of supplies, and a crapton of ammo.Lots of good things going w 7D in the last few years, & it is very fun to play.It just doesn't have anything to keep you entertained at the End Game phase(until now). They are continually improving AI, world gen, refining crafting, expanding the map, etc. But once you have scavenged the entire World & built everything you need to build, the only thing left are the new vertical Dungeons.They also now have a sense of progression. The number and type of mobs changes over time. So your first 7 day horde will be minor, no dogs for instance. Then will gradually start ramping up & adding in the harder & beefier mobs over time. DEFINITELY a change for the better.The rest of the review is more of a rant than detailed info, but some may find helpful. Or not.a16b129Screamer Zombies. Kill one, another instantly pops up in the exact same spot, at least in a city area, where I have my current base. And there are always 6-12 of them around you at any given moment. It's an Experimental build, so not a complaint, just a heads-up. There is obviously a glitch in the code making these things constantly spawn too many in your general area.B15.x-16.xPros: Lots of solo fun. Until it's not. Still, it is worth playing, despite the many issues. And there are oh so many.Cons: Same ***, diffferent day. Play it for 6 months at a time, enjoy yourself. BC when the next build is released you will find yourself playing a completely different game. The Devs have a tendency to start over quite often.- Fantastic game, until they break it, which they do, on purpose, on a regular schedule.- MP is terrible, for many, many reasons.- Massive physics bugs, by design, when building. Things must touch the bottom of the world to be stable. This means any blocks anywhere below you containing air can destabilize your structure. This also severely limits the ability to build on existing structures.- Mixing materials causes buildings to destabilize too easily.Build A14.6Been playing since A10. I was in love again, then it was gone. Literally. Poof. If you want to use existing POI's as a starting point for havens or bases, too bad. Unless you literally rebuild them from the ground up.There are massive building issues built into the game physics, and it ruins many of your building/fortress options with any existing game-generated structures."
76561198096524270,Recommended,251570,23910645,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Falk,Is good u buy yes?
76561198045791716,Recommended,251570,13171619,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[OG]DankCheese,"This game has only gotten better, each and every patch/update/ alpha release. i can but cant wait till this is finished with its  alpha stage, but in these games are they ever finished adding new things?i played more back in alpha 5 or 6 where it was a single small (compared to now) premade map and that was plenty of fun for me, now after 4-5 alphas and♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of patches the unlimited random gen map makes me brain hurt at how much there is and how long it can last.take pretty much everything from minecraft add steroids+ the landscape of fallout+ (in my flavor)zombies from dead rising or zombies in left for dead (for other people who like fast zombies)= pour all that in to a bowl you get 7D2D aka THE SUPER BOWL!! (not that football crap)I cant wait till i get a server going with my bro and our buddys going soooo much better to me with other people , just look at walking dead, there is a group of them. dont get me wrong its a glorious feeling to have a fort, compound, camp site whatever their called, made all by your self.YOU ROCK FUN PIMPS!!!"
76561198142263448,Not Recommended,251570,15179385,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Leekz,"The new update ruined the game, cause why nerf one thing when you can nerf the entire game? Right?"
76561198030771210,Recommended,251570,14941518,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Akrux,"Easily the best game available in the survival crafting genre. What you gather and craft in the day time can decide whether you survive the night. Some of my favorite solo features- choose from a huge variety of game options - difficulty, day/night ratio, respawn, death penalty and much more- change your game options at any time - too easy then turn up the difficulty etc.- randomized maps so you have no idea what is waiting for you on the other side of a hill- variable terrain - grasslands, forest, snowy lands, deserts and wasteland each with its own opportunities and dangers- zombie hordes (especially on nights 7, 14, 21 etc) that want to eat your brains- variety of zombies - sneaky ones, fast ones, tougher ones and some that fire ranged vomit and explode- progression from stone axe to sniper rifle and from naked skin to iron armor- multiplayer if you want- the devs continually make the game better by adding new featuresBuy it today, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,251570,13180255,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ðαℓтøᾔ,I LOVE THIS GAME so much i have played for 19 hours straight and still nowhere near bored
76561198028795061,Recommended,251570,13177142,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,TIM360,"The best survival game out that i know of and it's still in alpha, i can't whait for it to come out!"
,Recommended,251570,13326121,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DPMO,just keeps getting better from every update reasonably hard on the difficulty build a house or just take a prebuilt but fight to strive i would buy it again and again
76561198031565656,Recommended,251570,13478900,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rusty Shackelford,WAY better than Minecraft
76561197970723934,Recommended,251570,13254978,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Marvelous,"Wow--what a great game! If you love Zombie Survival games then get this one. Quite frankly, the name turned me off and kept me from buying it but once I got it, I love it! It has everything a gaming survivalist could ever hope for. Exploration, picking up stuff, crafting, building and enemies that are just plain bad to the bone (zombie dog--I'm talking to you you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!)There are some very nice and disturbing atmospheric touches like when you are opening something that takes a long time (like a gun safe--takes about 20 seconds to search) you hear noises in your headphones like zombies are coming towards you and surrounding you. Very unnerving! There are different biomes (snow, desert, forest, wasteland, etc) and many types of zombies.Melee fighting is great--aim for the head! It is also very satisfying to craft a crossbow and get head shots from yards away and watch them drop!As the game progresses, the zombies seem to spawn faster and get more aggressive. I had an attic I was holed-up in last night. Had a campfire, a few chests, crafting a few things. All of a sudden, dozens of zombies attacked my home and started tearing the hell out of it. They tried to rush up the ladder into my attic as I swung my decaying club frantically. I was out of bandages and bleeding out. Food and water was getting scarce. I climbed down the ladder as zombies tore the hell out of me and ran through a group of them and made it outside--barely alive. I checked my inventory for a bandage (didn't have one) and a zombie dog attacked and finished me off.Rarely does a game scare me and give me a rush as I play it but this game does. I have played others (the Forest, Minecraft, Don't starve) but none compare to this if you like exploring, digging, getting stuff, crafting, building and fighting off an enemy that can actually kill you!!!I highly recommend this game."
76561198125964267,Recommended,251570,13297633,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DoubleXL,"I have all the survival horror games out there, especially the ones focusing on a zombie apocalypse. I can say without a shred of doubt, that this game is the most genuine experience of what I feel a real breakdown of society would feel like, with the looting, building, and the feeling of horror that only comes from feeling like your always being watched. Great job Pimps. 15/10"
,Recommended,251570,13374317,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,I'm Ethen Bradberry,"7 Days To Die.. I personally have a love hate relationship with this game. When i had bought this game i thought to myself that this is bullsh*t, but after some much needed updates it became pretty darn fun. This game should really be played with friends not alone otherwise it can somewhat become boring."
,Recommended,251570,18210086,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DeadGamer85,"7 Days to Die is an awesome game and the online community is great too! This game is pretty much a Minecraft with Zombies, but way better! The graphics are great. I only wish they would give us drivable cars but the motor bike is cool too, especially since we can build one of our own and lock it from other people stealing it.Score: 11/10"
76561198005221857,Recommended,251570,19654169,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,HappyJack 777,"No question, this is a great game. Be warned, it will hook you and you will spend many hours on this game. Just made my first minibike!  Wow,, the world is open now :)   be sure to locate caves and mine away. You need them if you want to have a lot of gunpowder for bullets. It is also a good social game if you like tthat,, ,or you can play alone. I give it a 10 out of 10.  All that said,, i can see them adding soooo much more in the future. Good job guys."
76561198064074987,Recommended,251570,19728735,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,lewy,"the game was most fun in alpha 11, they ruined it with alpha 12 by removing the biomes separated by rivers... its still pretty good and i recommend it."
,Recommended,251570,19823687,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rabbit,"So, I have played a total of 135 hours in the past 3 weeks (Came into game on Alpha 12.5) and I've loved this game in every possible aspect. It has maintain me entertained with the vast features it has to offer and the challenge to stay alive against zombie hordes (Blood Moon)Now, Alpha 13 is a huge release for developers and for us and I totally understand the hard work from them to add these new features and keep the game fresh but, let's be honest. stability on Multiplayer is a joke. Server wipes, corrupt files, FPS drops, Memory Leaks (Memory RAM just revs up to 5 GB usage after hours of game play), etc etc.Please focus on getting the game back to a stable/playable version. Would highly recommend this game to anyone, but please be patient on Developers to first release a stable version of Alpha 13 before buying it."
76561198103221383,Recommended,251570,19825266,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Madfoot,"You know you are playing a good game when you get that scared that your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puckers up and tears the leather off your chair! 9/10The only downside to this amazing game are the poor graphics, but in considering of how much you can accomplish in this game, they are barely noticed as a negative."
76561198055281914,Recommended,251570,19845328,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,pokey_princess,Great game despite not being complete. I always tend to pick it back up excitedly after a new alpha is released and always have a great time especially playing multiplayer. Graphics have gotten pretty good and I love all the options for building materials for your base. Best sandbox type game in my library.
,Recommended,251570,19920447,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dekkar,"Played this game more than any other game on my list, and this is coming from a Major MGS Fan. After the recent update to Alpha 13, 7 Days to Die has really changed, and in my opinion for the better. The developers really are working hard to deliver the best zombie apocolypse survival and they're only just getting started. The zombies have a good variety, with great new animations that remind me of The Last of Us (I beleive they had gotten the person who was part of the MoCap for The Last of Us) and more will be added in the future. New mechanics introduced and a new UI (though i feel it could use a bit more work). I even bought this game for 2 of my friends.10/10."
76561197970920299,Recommended,251570,20006021,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Machine,356 hours need I say more!
,Recommended,251570,20052951,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Blind Captain,"I think I got the game about a year ago as early access and for the sale price I paid, I would have been happy for what I got. Except, in this case, the developers remain pretty active. In that time, I can't really think of an aspect of the game that has gone untouched. This plays with substantial depth as a survival game and also has the whole zombie element. Apparently a lot more will be coming. There are many things to craft and collect, hunting, mining, survival, skills, levelling, and a very big world.My main complaint is that sometimes the zombie aspect takes away from the game since it is done in too fake and cheesy of a way. The weapons don't feel especially unique since zombies generally take an absurd about of hits unless it's in the face and even then it may take more than one. This really takes a lot of the excitement and realism out of the accomplishment of upgrading from say a stone axe to a 768mm sniper rifle. Additionally, some of them feel almost cartoon-like. One of the hardest zombies is a fat police officer that will burp up a green corrosive liquid to like 100 feet away. Whenever that happens (usually a severe situation) it just completely ruins my immersion with how ridiculous it is. Meanwhile, many of the others (screeching zombie, dog zombie) are done in a way that better fits the ""survival horror"" vibe this game otherwise seems to be going for.Also, a general disclaimer, while in early access, every version number bump, your save games will break. So, a v13.1 save will work on v13.2, but not v14. This is an understandable limitation but can be upsetting if you create something very substantially."
76561198146387552,Recommended,251570,20104319,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,tigerlouis24,"PRO TIP- You will spend alot of time grinding, but it is fun.This game is so much fun i cant tell you enough how much fun it is. Ive been here since Alpha 4 and it has come ALONG WAY. I love this game and will continue to survive and thrive. It will take time to grow on you cause of how diffucult it is when your first start, but you will start to enjoy and have alot of fun in singleplayer and in multiplayer. The developers are always working on making the game the best it can be.Pro-DISTANT TERRAIN IS COOL YOU CAN SEE AS FAR AS YOU WANT TO-not too much grind in the beginning-Has a minibike to travel around in-zombies scare you the 1st time you play-can play multiplayer with friends and kill each other :)-SKILL SYTEM IS AMAZING-sniper rifles, shotguns, and more guns-tons of area to explore-FPS optimization has gotten ALOT better, butCon-terrrain gen needs help-Optimization mostly or multiplayer during horde Nights"
,Recommended,251570,20129283,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sp3cia1K,One of my favorite games!  I wish it was more fun playing alone because I am completely addicted but I tend to lose track of time playing when I have someone in game with me.  Definitely recommended by me and worth the money if it means helping the developers continue to improve and create the game!  Always need 5 more minutes!
,Recommended,251570,20842441,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sir Whaleadon 🐳 ✎ ☆ﾟ.*,Great Game and Good System and even if you have an bad computer it will fix that
,Recommended,251570,21086456,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,KingDavidIII,"7 Days to Die is one of those games that I took a gamble on. But I have to say, it is a great game. Yeah there are performance problems, and some bugs but it is one hell of a fun game.There are however, somethings that i would change (but that is what mods are for).-Crafting time is kind of insane, I could see how it adds realism to the game but it takes the fun away for me.-I feel some UI changes could be beneficial. (again, mods)I am really impressed with the developer (Fun Pimps) for making so many updates.All in all, 7 Days to Die is the sandbox game I was looking for. I just hope that it keeps getting updated.This being said, if you are unsure if you want to purchase it, just do it you won't regret it."
,Recommended,251570,21088035,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,yung little don,"Great game, though survival gets boring after a while and I find myself waiting for the next big update to restart."
,Recommended,251570,19625724,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cole2999,"This game is really fun. Or, what I remember of it. I haven't even remotely been able to play it since around Alpha 9 (playing since Alpha 6). Around Alpha 9, they haven't bothered as much with optimization, or at least the content they're adding in severely outweighs the optimizations.Yes, I know this game is not meant to be played on a laptop with integrated 4400 and a 1.6 GHz i5-4200U, but here's the thing: it did work before, and not even on the lowest settings. Now, the lowest settingsmightnet me 10-13 fps. I can handle that with games like Minecraft, but this game is a FPS and needs reaction time.It's quite unfortunate. This game used to be one of my favorites. It's my second most played game. Hopefully when I build my new PC next spring it'll be as good as I remember.Edit/Tl;Dr:Feel the need to edit this when rereading. All of the above is basically just me whining about my laptop. The game is great, or at least it was when I played it 9ish months ago. I can't give any particular points or reasons to back up my statement, because I cannot play it now due to said crap laptop.Tl;Dr the Tl;Dr:Buy it."
76561198084541890,Recommended,251570,19708773,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[GM] Villealexi the space Cat!,its a okey game
76561198208651185,Recommended,251570,19939601,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,vukster,"Personly i think Alpha 12.4 was much more complex then A13.5 at moment ,game is amaizing glad that pimps are still working on it ,doing great job so far im in love with it . Thank u for giving me such pleasure playing. litlle bit more work on glitches and duplications cheat."
76561198130135072,Recommended,251570,20017501,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dusty Pete,"my name is fred ,,my mother killed herself"
76561198058915370,Recommended,251570,20273317,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,jp11756,"Me and my roomate play this game all the time. I had been keeping an eye on its development for awhile now and I have to say I am very impressed with how it is turning out. I can't wait to see what the Devs have in store for us later. I normally would have some kind of suggestions as to what I would like to see implimented into the game over time ,but after reading through the list of planned features they seem to have everything really well covered. The only things I can think of at this point are very small and minute features such as fishing and possibly making it to where each time you upgrade your forge or camp fire with the different items it actually changes how it looks in game. So a camp fire with a cooking pot would actually have a cooking pot you can see in game. I also think some new kinds of traps would be nice something like a barrel that you can upgrade to have more spikes on it and at the end put barbed wire on as well. Beyond that everything is already coming together very smoothly and I can't wait to see what they have in store for us down the line! Thansk for the awesome game and I will be refering it to as many people as I can!"
76561198140792271,Recommended,251570,20856069,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Full auto,it is a brilliant game and has new features all of the time
,Recommended,251570,19739735,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Darkness6917,Zombie dogs got nerfed.. Thank Gabe
76561198231795676,Recommended,251570,20839436,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Francis_Bacon,great game had it for a while and i love it
,Recommended,251570,19816749,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Lil jesus,"this game is very fun, yes there is some bugs in alpha 13 but they are looking into it. there is a lot of stuff to do in the game . I would recommend this game to anyone who love zombie survivle games.P.S if you need some help in this game go watch Kage848, he is a youtuber that i watch. he gives out helpful tips."
76561198184002862,Recommended,251570,21067481,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Aaron_BP_BC,"I so recommend this game. But be warned, this trailer is old and any 3 or so month old videos of this post. I can only WISH that it was that easy. I used to be really good, then this update, it became really hard."
,Recommended,251570,32231292,Posted: 6 June,all,Milkman,"*Gets game**Plays**Waits 7 days**no die*""Welp.""*Jumps off cliff...*"
,Recommended,251570,9071411,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,thexanmaster,Just an all around great game! A little rough right now because of it being in Alpha. But this game is still tons of fun and has tons of potential!
76561197962683383,Recommended,251570,9111112,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Patton,"Since the new Alpha Update 7. Game has improved significantly. Has a long was to go, but definitley a lot of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,251570,30776750,Posted: 27 March,all,Porschz,A real zombie survival game. It's teach how to survive in zombie world.
76561197965684670,Recommended,251570,28120952,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Robbyroy,"Of all the games I have I would have to say this is my favorite. You can probably figure this from all the hours I have already in to it. I have never played this in the multiplayer mode nor do I ever plan to do so. Of all the games I have on steam this is the only one I have attempted to write a review.The hook for me is in the survival aspect. I love the new leveling format. I think there are 53 things to level up in. Ffrom different types of bullets to things like leather crafting. Its not like the old grinding systems either. Every time you shoot a bow, open a bag of trash your accumulating points to spend in the areas of your choice.I like to start a game by pre generating  a map. I do so till I find one that suits me. I try to aviod maps with a lot of burnt ground, snow covered and destroyed areas. I usually  play the game useing the following set upsRandom worldLongest day lightZombies never run24 hour cycle  at 120 minutessupply drops dailyand supply location marked on mapThe rest is pretty much default settings. Once I can make reinforced concrete and I have my fort built, which is sometime close to the first 7 day hord attack. I then  switch to medium zombie spawn.  One of the greatest features is to be able to tailor a game to your individul playing style. I'm 65 now and don't have the reflexes I had as a younger man. So my setup may seem a little weak for some.I do miss the longer day light options we had in the earlier versions and would like to see a little more control over the types or sizes in the areas allowed, during the map generations. The generated worlds are  real looking and have come a long way since the beginning. This feature adds a lot of the ""replay ability"" factor that is lacking in a lot of good games.I don't care for the gore and blood and would love to see an option to turn this off, but can put up with it.I do feel however that the game could of been considered a finish product ages ago. For some developers the game would have. The devs here seem bent on on adding to and polishing things up. They have fixed things like the the spawning of zombies. They used to drop out of the sky at a distance as you approached. Now they come up from the ground as if they are awakened from sleep by your presence. There are still constant updates with fixes and new content added. What a fun game. Keep up the good work."
76561198087576298,Not Recommended,251570,30690880,Posted: 23 March,all,sasuke21,"804 h of play...7days would be a fantastic zombie surval game..but the defs run in circles (feeled)Some years ago i start play...every thing was ok...ofcourse with lil issues (alpha)I build bases n just stop cuz i spend too many time in this game...yesterday i try it after a feeled year break...and nothing changethe Zombies move clunky n laggy (still)the movements of the avatar are still ""woody"" not smooth..not roundthe map...there was a graphic update once change the look into good...is still the sameThe most worst thing are still the Zombies...in a Zombie survival a clear no goI dont know what or how the defs change this game...it feels like they update closed circles... a bit better here n a bit better there but i cant see any direction..result...i dont play it anymore..i dont care mutch about the graphix but now we reach the 4k...and seven days look ugly14.- bugs was ok for what it is...n staysi go"
76561198163223411,Recommended,251570,34322564,Posted: 18 August,all,Noobies,"Over all it is a goo game. I can spend hours on this by myself or with friends. Just the only thing that annoys me is the dev's. I have never experience a single dev that takes trial and error seriously. I am sick of having to pretty much learn the game again arfter each update because the dev's have changed something a certain part of the game which completely changes everything up. First it was adding in the qaulity, then adding in skill points, books, chaning items FROM SKILLS TO BOOKS EVERY ♥♥♥♥EN SECOND! Hey remember that time you had to find a book to know how to build a forge, or when you could actually smelt a gun? Overall it's a good game but ♥♥♥♥en gaming pips need to get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561198131958324,Recommended,251570,25384513,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Reapzz,My favorite survial game ive played.
76561198056118400,Recommended,251570,25385853,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,sinnfein,"I never get it why you start naked...then i passed my first night holed up in a house, curled up like an infant try not make a noise (IRL too). Then i got it. I saw the truth, 7DTD is mother, 7DTD is life, 7DTD is love."
76561198121729237,Recommended,251570,18331089,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,mkt.brandy,"This is a great game to play with a group of people. I play with my family, and we love it! Fighting off hordes, building a base, foraging for supplies... What's not to love?"
,Recommended,251570,32127293,Posted: 2 June,all,FloW,I think they need to keep promises about their agenda! is a beutifull game but slow in development!I recomend this game!
76561198166675666,Recommended,251570,32121998,Posted: 1 June,all,Crunchy Tacos,It's Good But waiting for update 16
,Recommended,251570,8774788,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,StormSpiritGB,This game is a must have for zombie killing lovers after i whole night of playing i still want more. now to find some friends that will play it with me in coop
76561198309829212,Recommended,251570,30420743,Posted: 9 March,all,Maple Syrup,This game is sick
,Not Recommended,251570,10817507,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[NCP] blood_guts,Whoever made this game should be killed.
,Not Recommended,251570,33884873,Posted: 29 July,all,VagueStar,"Can you guys please put some effort in fixing the bugs for A16. If I shoot a zombie in the same room as me it shouldn't get up, walk up stairs and starting hitting the railing on the second floor... Also fix the ridiculous bug that keeps turning my single player games into multiplayer. I like the single player aspect of being able to pause the game. Everytime my single player file gets turned into a muliplayer and that just completely defeats the point of having a single player file in the first place... Im not really sure what you guys did to break this game so hard but, I hope you backed up your old patch because you might as well just take a step back and work on your game. You guys completely broke it and made it unfun. The zombies are even a challenge because they just walk around in circles and are so easy to kill. Oh but now zombies will walk up behind you without making any noise? Unbelievable. You guys made all my friends stop playing the game because the bugs are just too much. It's really a shame the potential A16 had with the way it turned out. You guys should try actually testing the patch before you release it. Any professional company would have not just released this patch with this many OBVIOUS bugs.However, the content added is prime. Love the new buidlings, new zombies, sleeping zombies, player leveling system, electricity and everything. Unfortunately your game is just too buggy to deal with.Please fix your game so I dont have to think about how I payed for mulitple copies (for myself and and as gifts because I saw so much potential) of this game and THATS where the money went... smh"
76561198119474589,Not Recommended,251570,34139986,Posted: 9 August,all,Ancient94,"Really wish this game could get where it needs to get. Unfortunately in its current form it's hard to recommend. Great idea, but it's just not coming together. The main problem is optimization. Even with a gtx 1070 g1 gaming edition it still has a hard time holding 60fps with modest graphic settings. Any high end card should have no trouble running this type of game on maximum and holding 60 fps. Game breaking bugs also plague this game such as falling through the ground, getting stuck in blocks etc. all in all if they continue to work on it it will absolutely be amazing but as it is it is mediocre at best 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,251570,34137464,Posted: 9 August,all,bilbens baggo,"Was having a great time playing in a new world I created. Then I got off, and now I can't get into any of my worlds because of the ""creating player"" freezing glitch. Don't recommend playing it until this issue is fixed, unless you're cool with starting a brand new world every time you log on."
76561198257388345,Not Recommended,251570,33773284,Posted: 24 July,all,muddrmike,"If you think this game looks fun, you're right. It is fun. You can spend countless hours with friends building anything you can dream of or you can spend your time fighting zombies or scavenging for loot, or most likely a combination of all 3.It will also be the most frustrating game you've ever played.If you play on a multiplayer server, no matter how big and complex your base is hackers will walk thru the walls and destroy everything! (I know what you're thinking. and No, i wasnt just raided its been about 6months since its happened to me but I've seen it on EVERY server i've played.)When a new version comes out it is full of bugs, and just when they start to get them fixed they'll drop a new version and with it a whole new fresh batch of bugs.What killed this game for me is the constant crashes. The game will load but not start, forcing you to close it in task manager. EAC wont load and you'll have to close that too. Then after 2 hours of playing the game will crash from the never ending memory leak.If you are lucky and it does load up ok, then dont bother digging under ground or exploring caves or large buildings. You will be warped to the suface if underground and you will be warped up to the top of a skyscraper once you get back down to the bottom. It makes getting on top easy, but trying to leave is a whole different story.If you still want to buy this game, go for it. But i wouldnt plan on playing it until they are closer to being finished. That should be somewhere around 2047 at the pace they are going."
76561198147793682,Recommended,251570,19738207,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,123,"loving the game, cant wait for when you guys improve the frame rate :) having an issue with the forge. says i dont have scrap iron when i do. also would like to have different meat types back. other then that i havent really had any problems."
,Recommended,251570,32622973,Posted: 21 June,all,VINCENTE,this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets me wet
76561198258565739,Recommended,251570,33912115,Posted: 30 July,all,owleh,7 Days to Die is like Minecraft with Gravity. The best zombie fps game i have ever played.
76561198018507331,Not Recommended,251570,8577447,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dahthom,"This is a good game dont get me wrong. It just lacks alot of content which is obvious because its alpha ... But they seem to not handle the major problems first and add more Crap instead of fixing their last crap first.. They did however Fix the Console bug, Crossbow bug, Hands being invisible for Male bug, i also like how they added the Upcomming content in the Loading screen.. Makes you want to wait for more.. and more to come. Right now the Map is still the same scale, Medium sized.. they've just added alot more Locations to the map for you to explore, also have they added a New biome which is the Winter biome.. Military camps where you can find Weapons etc in.. Though those are mostly raided already by people.. Also the Serverfinding is #$!@... You see a server with: Players 31 Max players 61 You join the game and 9 out of 10 times it has 2-3 players or its even empty.. You dont have a filter where you can find Non-empty servers with or lowest ping or whatsoever.. you can only press on the PLA And MAX and COUNTRY in the server list which are the clickable buttons, which work terrible since it lies most of the time, also it happens alot that you join a game thinking you have 85 ping because it listed that on the Serverslist and you get  to have a Ping of 400 instead.. People griefing your castles in both PVE and PVP... in PVE They just plant Spikes in front of you which kills you... they take you'r furniture by simply pressing E which is the button to pick up stuff.. Furniture is also destroyable but by pressing E you just pick it up, you cant do this with Forges etc.. They steal you'r torches, sleeping bags... Beds... Collapse your house because yeah, they added a gravity system which is fun and all, but they also made it quite easy to make TNT, which blows up a big house in 3 Shots. Better to play co-op with friends right now, since you cant really be on time as Admin either, you cant Rollback like in minecraft, or see who griefed it... Sorry for my messy Review here a clear one:Positive:Many upcomming features.Looks great.Zombie killing feels satisfying and fun.Plenty of zombies in the world.Plenty of Game modes.Many find-able items in the game.Map has plenty of space to move around in.Crafting System.Farming System.Health System.Negative:It gets boring quite fast in you'r own.Bad Server finding system.Bad pings.Low population ( Players playing this game are hard to find)Co-op ( Private server) Messes around alot makes you unable to invite friends.Game may crash alot for the one and never for the other. ( Quite unstable now and then)Lost connection to host problems.Weapon glitches.Walking glitches.Not spawning in your bed.People grief alot.People steal alot.Beds should be private and not able to pick up by others than by possible admins.Doors arent private and people can just walk in, which pretty much is useless for y'all hard work.. defenses etc.. Unless you are 100% PVE.Zombies cant open doors but can climb ladders for some reason. ( Logic)Lacks ALOT of promised content still.Slow progress in development.Too easy to find and craft weapons, ammo, find stones, get drills, ore's, money, water.If you got a Glass bottle and fill it with water, and drink it,  you eat the Glass bottle???Getting Deer Meat is too easy ( Kill one get 7-10 deer meat) Which fills up 40% of you'r hunger and decreases 5-8% of your Hydration.You dont neccesarely have to FIND items in Cities. If you wait for zombies to come you can just simply kill them and loot them. They wear Cloth..Food..weapons..ammo..water..glassbottles..Which is wierd i never saw a Dog wear a shotgun?I can continue with negative listings but all in all A Decent game.. Just not worth buying for 31,99..Highly doubt its worth buying for a price higher than 15 USD / Euro.Please wait till this game is cheaper and / or has more content ( My advice) Thank you for reading!"
,Recommended,251570,8668142,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,bluephyr,Definitely worth getting. I hope to see the game reach its full potential soon.
,Recommended,251570,8668918,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ChernobylGal86,"This game combines two of my favorite things; Minecraft and Zombies. I had heard of people playing this game all over the internet and the first time I saw ingame play, I was hooked. I cannot wait to see what te creators have forthe next updates!"
76561198083309504,Recommended,251570,8268452,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,AchilleDem,"I love this game even in its early stages, and I cant wait for future updates!"
,Not Recommended,251570,11975143,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,TerritoryGamer,"This game is alright, but the community is filled witht trollers, hackers, abusive admins and staff."
76561198113355289,Not Recommended,251570,11995218,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Fancy Assassin,when i bought thid game i thought it was the best game then it started updateig and it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to build♥♥♥♥♥♥and they added a ton of new weapons and it got relly laggy in mutiplayer you dont know that u r moveing cus its so friken laggy. the normal bow dosent work and its crafting systme is a pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ im shure they built it simple with a cheep $500 engine then got more employes and started useing 10-20 dolar engines. the crosbow dose more damage than guns and makes loads of sound. so oaveerall dont buy this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥it is not worth 25 dolars only buy it if u r borde out of hell and it on sale for 5 or 10.
,Recommended,251570,8682296,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,[63e]TigerSauce#MAGA,it is awesome i lovvvee it
76561198064813843,Recommended,251570,8711280,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Blackout2392,Excellent game
76561198087049913,Recommended,251570,8678070,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sweaty Balls,"This is a great multiplayer or single player game, its an open world map and anything can happen a great game to play with your friends."
,Recommended,251570,8497260,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Imyo,"Well, review number 3 after 50 hours of playing the game.Now i recommend it :)Still some cons:- Performance is stupidly bad, you need a NASA PC to run the game properly.- Wipes, omg the wipes, there is so much bugs regarding saves, if your game crashes you can lose more than your current progress, i lost days of progress, for no reason, the game crashed and it came back to like 6 previous saves, so i quit the game in rage.Even that the performance is horrible, the game is really cool right now, i probably wont play it for a few days or weeks because of the savegames issues, its frustrating seriously. Hope devs fix this problem, i ll definetly go back to 7days after that.If devs do it right, this game will be AMAZING."
76561198030278675,Recommended,251570,8732233,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Trumanblack,"Amazing game! This is one of the only games what will give me hours of fun without getting bored! Ive always thought if i could make a game what would it be, I love free roam games, i love zombie  games, and i love survival games... Then i saw this and knew i would love it! 9/10! if i could give any critism it would be more items and a creative gamemode (even though theres cheat mode) where you can fly and break blocks instantly."
76561198372449924,Recommended,251570,34647883,Posted: 31 August,all,Sovereign1MC,"Hello, fellow gamers! This is gonna be a bit of a long read! Before I bought the game, I had a lot of questions that made me worry about making the commitment, so I tried to be pretty detailed here to help those that are as ridiculously picky as I am! Hope this helps out, guys!Great game, so much of what I've been wanting in a single title!So, this is the first review I've ever posted for a game (except a couple that I did a long time ago on YouTube), but this one has earned it, and a positive one at that. Devs are active in supporting their players and continuing to improve the game. There doesn't seem to be any feeling that they are losing their interest here or have stopped putting their heart into it! In the simplest of terms, you may hear people say ""it's like Minecraft with better graphics and more adult-like."" And that is true, to a small extent, in the simplest of terms, and that is where the similarities end.You're dropped into a world, either the hand-crafted ""Navezgane"" or a randomly generated one full of all kinds of things great and small. You can level, learn new skills, harvest resources from trees, cars, building, cash registers, rocks, or dig right down into the earth. Not only can you harvest things from ANYTHING in the world, you can also search for loot (which is something us loot ♥♥♥♥♥s love) in cars, containers, refrigerators, bags, cupboards and so much more. There are zombies every step of the way, keeping things challenging (or not, depending on your preferences!), but never feeling over the top to the point that you have to stop what you're doing every second to take out more and more zombies that are now just bugging the crap out of you.There are sliders before entering your world allowing you to change overall general difficulty, how much or how little enemies spawn, loot spawning (such as making loot more or less richly dispersed around you), length of day/night cycle, length of in game day and so on. There are cheats, but I have never used them once so I can't detail what they are specifically, but I believe flying is one of them. Craft weapons from the resources you've gathered, as well as clothing and armor, find and assemble gun parts, once you have learned the appropriate schematic (or ""recipe"" as they call it), keep yourself hydrated, not too hot or too cold, and eat well. You can hunt for food and animal skins and can even use animal bones in crafting! It's possible to get diarrhea from eating or drinking questionable food items, sprain or break a leg (and then make a splint to heal it faster!), and so on. There is a great variety of zombies and other enemies to fight and in fact, I had taken a brief break from the game, around 3 months or so, and when I came back to it, there were several new enemies and some of the animals had been re-skinned and look even better, with a new animal added! Craft electric components like lights and powered doors, drawbridges, explosives, bullets - everything! For an alpha, this game is incredibly complete, but is still not even close to being complete; it's a weird thing to explain.There is a lot to keep you busy, as every 7 days, you are attacked by a horde of zombies when night falls (hence, the title). The hordes get progressively bigger and more difficult, but fear not! The game is NOT over once you die! That's something I was afraid of before I bought it. I thought that it was permadeath but it's not. In between each 7th day, you'll be working feverishly to stockpile ammo, guns, food, water, healing items, etc. and fortify your base, laying traps (yes! You can make traps!), building walls, bridges, steel doors and much more in preparation for ""Horde Night."" If you die frequently, the game scales back difficulty for you and if you go a long time without dying, the game ramps it up a bit. There are a good selection of diverse biomes to explore, each with their own unique threats and some have unique enemy types and resources as well, creating a great way to encourage you to actually explore, but why wouldn't you want to explore in an open world game anyway?!Find hidden bunkers underground, secret stashes and all kinds of goodies. This game has everything I've wanted in an open world game. There is Crafting, survival aspects such as eating, drinking, staying cool or warm enough, A LOT of buildable blocks to make your own awesome fortress, bunker, house, mansion, castle, or whatever you want, resource gathering, NPC's for trading ( added not too long ago!), guns, melee weapons, ZOMBIES, looting, free roaming and so on! You can even eventually cap out max health and stamina from 100 all the way to 200 from eating and drinking good, nutritional foods, but be warned, taking too much damage too often or dying will REDUCE your wellness! This game is AWESOME!! Get it now! Oh...and did I mention ZOMBIIIIIIIEEEESS!?My only main gripe with the game is that outside of constantly needing to gather resources and build your structures up stronger and stronger for the hordes, there isn't all that much to do. Again, what there is has been insanely entertaining and so much fun, but you may eventually find yourself being pretty powerful, so you might find that you don't NEED to go mining or scavenging for supplies, or build anything at the time. If and when this happens, there isn't much else to do at that point. Don't worry, you will sson face the horde and then have to get back to building and scavenging for the resources that you used in the fight and to repair broken traps or structures. I mean, you will always need to gather resources and build, but when you are where you need to be before the horde night comes and you have an in game day or two left, there isn't much else to do besides explore, which then leads to more scavenging ( which, again, is still very fun), but this leaves me wanting a change of pace. Some kind of minigames or something with a little variety would be fun.There are some ""missions"" or ""quests"" or whatever you want to call them, but they don't feel very ""fleshed out"" (pun intended). You can find written notes on zombies you've killed or in loot containers that give you some things to do. Things like ""kill X amount of Y"" or ""find this treasure chest"" can be fun the first 4 or 5 times you do them, but then again, you're left feeling like they are repetitive and pretty thin. I say AGAIN, that this by no means makes this game LESS better. I can still play for HUNDREDS of hours before I really find myself wanting something different to happen, but I WILL feel this way at some point when I have spent some time in a new world and have become pretty strong. Something to improve the more end-game content would be great, but in its current state, this game has more content and feels more complete to me than many AAA titles in recent years! That said, the graphics aren't great but are improved gradually through updates and there are various graphic settings that can still make the game look pretty good when set to ultra. I don't have a super powerful PC. It's a solid rig, to be sure. I have an Intel i7 6700K CPU @4.00GHz without overclocking, 16GB RAM and a Geforce GTX 1060 GPU and can run everything fine with settings at ultra. Occasionally I will get some frame drops and such when there is a lot going on or heavy particle concentrations, but it snaps out of it fast. If your PC can't handle these settings, there are many things to customize to make sure your rig can handle it. You can manually adjust lighting, god rays, particle effects, FOV, texture resolution, render distance and more for the ideal setup on your machine. Go and Pick this one up now if any of this sounds good to you. But it won't be good....it'll be great! Keep it up, Fun Pimps!"
76561198318599364,Recommended,251570,32506175,Posted: 17 June,all,mattyhunt118,It has it's bugs but overall it's a great game to play with friends or with other people in general
76561197978232684,Not Recommended,251570,10555546,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[Asgard] Thor,It's like minecraft but with 100 times more zombies and it takes ten times longer to do anything else like building a base. Zombies can destroy brick blocks in no time and you are pretty much defenseless until you are lucky enough to find a gun.
76561198043972689,Recommended,251570,19211442,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,trent_marine,"If you ever wanted to roam about in a zombie apocolypse wasteland then this is a great game for you. Even in an alpha state id buy this and play it as a full game and recomend it to all my freinds. solo or multiplayer it scraches all the right iches. To be honest im not sure why this is alpha, with some tweaks for balance id say its ready to be played. but the devs seem intent on adding more content and i dont have any problem with that.To be short this is the only zombie survival game ive played {(and ive played and been dissapointed with an awful lot of survival/minecrafthacks) IM LOOKING AT YOU STARFORGE} that i both found enjoyable and think actualy captures the grim starkness of the apocalypse.The only flaw i find in it honestly is a lack of npcs. multiplayer solves that and private servers are doable, but solo play is very very lonely."
76561198094340793,Recommended,251570,27445132,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HeavenScented,"Most captivating game i have ever played, has made me cry and laugh and (rant seldom) keeps you wanting more."
,Recommended,251570,8068959,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ιм σк,"Game is AWESOME but,needs to lower the price or ppl will dislike lower to like 15$"
,Recommended,251570,8072892,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Reclaimer,"This is honestly a great game. Yes, it doesn't have tons of features and is rough. But it is in ALPHA with a SMALL TEAM. Everyone complaining about features missing or slow work should try to do better, or shut up. by the time this game is finished it is going to be so amazing and i already love it."
,Recommended,251570,8527904,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mobile Sentry,"This is probably the best early access game i have ever played. For being a starting game, it is very well created. Creating a server on this is the easiest out of all the games i have ever played. Once it is updated, you will be able to make a server that could support 16 players, with ease. For anyone who likes role playing, zombie survival, first person shooters, pretty much any type of game, this game is probably the best mix of every type of gamemode imagineable. You should get it."
,Recommended,251570,8050195,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,✚ Dr.Doc ✚,"This game is probably the best zombie game so far. It really makes you think about how your going to survive because this isn't like other zombie games, oh no, this game really puts you on edge. At night hoards of them come and will rip your house apart just to get to you so you have to think about fortifying up your defences. Not only that but if you think you can just take them on, Guns-A-Blaze, well think again. If running out of ammo doesn't kill you the fact that your gun will break will because everything has a durability bar that decreses over time. Also that fact you can die of thirst or starvation is always a thing to worry about. This game pushes the limits of zombie survival. And to make things better is that this is all in the Alpha build, thier is so much more to come and i can't wait! So is this game worth it people ask... and i say ""Absolutely!"" This game is awesome!"
76561198051372326,Recommended,251570,8062906,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MartinFallon213,"I got this game on sale yesterday morning 12/14, and although not as refined as many Ive played, its a good game worth the sale money of 29.74 or whatever. The are some things that bother me about it, like get caught/stuck/in a corner etc, or the dogs are bit much (too fast). Tonight the game shutdown suddenly and my save was gone, progress whatever. Not a big deal, just aggrivating at the time. There is so much loot and stuff to find I can build it back up in no time. I see there is a knockback system coming, cant happen too soon, it will make it somewhat better. I look forward to this game getting more refined and better over time. Its really a great idea, combing two games I love, dayz and Minecraft...pretty much. Also looking forward to the rpg part, skills and advancement (unless thats already in here and I dont know where)...regardless over all I give it an kudos, and look forward to playing it."
,Recommended,251570,8063284,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,RJ,"im running a dell latitude E6420 which has a 4GB 2.50-3.00Ghz processor and somehow lags and crashes and sometimes pops up an error saying out of memory, but overall the game is amazing and i love it. If you can please fix the issues because i would really love to play this most amazing game without crashes and lags, thanks."
76561198100296316,Recommended,251570,8072064,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Alex,"price is high but still a fun game, and how the hell do you join a server"
,Recommended,251570,8073147,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Love at First Snipe,"Fantastic Game for an Alpha, yes theres a few minor issues and yes there is a small lack of things to craft and build although i challenge you to not enjoy watching waves of zombies slowly smash their way into your base from every direction!"
76561198098333816,Recommended,251570,8075691,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Cosmic Owl,"Great concept, survival zombie game crossed with sandbox minecraft like base buildinggames recent updates has made it more stable and added a lot of content. great game for alpha stage."
,Recommended,251570,8077648,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,_Iceberg_,"More fun than it looks. Like a zombie minecraft. Crafting building etc, but with guns."
76561197979081554,Recommended,251570,8077745,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lotar,I actually like this game even though it crashes every few minutes.
76561198052976922,Recommended,251570,8109720,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,PetRock,"This game is awesome... its like minecraft, dayz, and killing floor combined. At day time you build up and collect supplies and fortify your base. Then at night you fight off against hordes of zombies that will destroy your base if you don't let them"
76561198086852406,Recommended,251570,8389970,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,likaboss302,great game honestly ...but still needs work (hence why its in alpha stage 5) but looking good get some friends and go at it
76561197961782537,Recommended,251570,8479261,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vexzavion,Previously addicted to minecraft and now I'm addicted to 7 days to die. The graphics are great and the game play is awesome. Wish the movement was smoother and the the grass didn't get in the way of everything. Overall a great game!
76561198044643821,Recommended,251570,8489844,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jcvetnic00,"Best game ever, super fun. it's only an alpha build so it's not at it's full potential"
76561198044216661,Recommended,251570,8540830,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,lightingcerberus,gunna be great
76561198066356441,Recommended,251570,8546825,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,† Priest Vex Nova †,great and fun game only in Alpha but it will be better later. I would love if you guys would get this so we can play it together
,Recommended,251570,8559279,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SGT. ToxiPony,this is a vary fun game and i recommend this who play MINECRAFT
76561198048791663,Recommended,251570,8575990,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Toby Flenderson,This game is minecraft revamped. better graphics gravity system. and best of all its Zombies.... Love the game can't wait till more stuff is added. very fun and adicting. finally a game i can stay up and play all night...
,Recommended,251570,8586261,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,kaneskindacool,"I would recommend this gameAlthough this game is still quite buggy and still in the early access game it is fun,i haven't played much on this account, but at a friends house him and i played for hours.This game combining all the aspects of a zombie apocolypse that we all love and makes it some what realistici can not wait until this game is complete it will definetly be a game to buy.Since everyone is saying the price is to high:It's still in the beta phase, the game is not complete. Of course it will not be worth the prince just yet. But in my opinion i think that it will"
,Recommended,251570,8607254,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,JLumley,fun if you like minecraft and zombies not a very pc demanding game
,Recommended,251570,8609335,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Germany,this game is in early access so thier isnt much to do. especially once you learned how to make a good house then it gets boring because well you can just sit in your house for days without anything happening
,Recommended,251570,8652864,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Spec_Ops,This Game Rocks!!!!!!!!
76561197970219022,Recommended,251570,8682722,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,MrPlowjoy,"Thought I'd jump into this, after reading a fair bit of forum feedback and wow, what a great surprise.Last night, for the first time, I and a friend fired this up on a dedicated server and tried survival. It was immense fun. In, fact, within just ten minutes or so, we were reduced to stitches because we were laughing so hard at the craziness of it.We started to explore. We looted weapons. We started to craft. We began fearing night, looking for places to hole up, craft and plan our next foray out to scavenge.It was fantastic. It was everything I've ever been looking for in a zombie survival game. Environments that can be taken down. Places where you'd feel safe in others games here cannot be taken for granted. Creating defenses, choosing choke points, conserving ammo.It was a blast. A real, geniune, fun blast.If you're in two minds about this game, take all the negativity about the glitches and such for what they are. Indicative of an Alpha. But if you're a survival addict like we are then this is worth the entry price twice over.Amazing fun, amazing experience. And the best part? It's only going to keep getting better.Keep it up devs, you're so on the right track with this, you could be onto a runaway success."
,Recommended,251570,8698114,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The Cynical Breton,"This game is like minecraft but with awesome zombies, guns, (slightly) better graphics, and although may not have the Biggest world, it seems they are making more worlds for it so its pretty grat! I recommend 4/5"
,Recommended,251570,8734231,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Glaive,Minecraft + DayZ + Friends = Fun times! Will be watching this one as it progresses.
,Recommended,251570,8813632,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Rocky,awesome game but alot of building bases and looking for materials for survival. get inside before dark or die.
,Recommended,251570,8813898,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Thyme Cypher,"The graphics leave a lot to be desired, and the models feel somewhere between Half-Life and Grand Theft Auto 3, but the core gameplay, the overall concept, etc. makes for quite a heart pounding and exciting experience. Hopefully it drops down to $30 - it feels only slightly overpriced considering the lack of graphical enjoyability."
,Recommended,251570,8901431,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,ijd60914,love the game it's like an easier minecraft and looks better granted the ambiont sounds are kinda creepy.
76561198025838739,Recommended,251570,8912926,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Redderik,"It's Minecraft meets Walking Dead. I was intrigued and despite the hefty Alpha price, I took a gamble. I've put a bunch of hours and have played 21 in game days with 50 minute days. Here's where I'm at. The game has tons of potential. It is clear where they want it to go. You can pretty much build everything you see and  you have the classic gather, build, defend strategy with the harrassment of the ever present threat. The fast/slow zombies really add a dynamic of play as well.  ( I prefer slow zombies, they continously lull you into not taking them as a serious threat until the mobs shows up and you realize you underestimated the threat, lol)There is a long way to go, some features are not working yet (cooking with pots and stoves), movement issues, like zombies that hop around or jump impossibly high walls when they bump into them, and tons of wish list items, like crafting ""max"" or specific numbers of things. While the crafting is much more intuitive than minecraft, it's far from ""completely intuitive"" such as stew if the ingrediants are not in the right order they will not combine, etc.The self sustaining options and balanced dehydration, hunger aspects work well, as said, lots of potential for the ""next minecraft""  I'll reserve my recommendation to others until it's fully BETA, you pretty much have to love sandbox and troubleshooting to bother buying it now, don't spend this money thinking it's a full game, you'll be frustrated, and understandbly at $35. So far I have no regrets."
76561198070382626,Recommended,251570,8942889,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Deep Dish,7 days to die is a great game and the best part about it is that its only in alpha so the game will progress on to beta and add more stuff.  It is a little glitchy but if you like DAY Z or RUST get this game I think you will like it.
,Recommended,251570,8967627,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ghoulie,"Hoooly hell. I was very skeptical of this when I first saw it, thinking that it borrowed too much from Minecraft or MinerZ (I know Miner is an awful [imo] ripoff of MC), but just kinda bought it off a whim, as I do with most Early Access games. The atmosphere is chilling, the noises a little loud and brutal at the moment, but I have a feeling it'll get fixed up, the crafting is deep, the game surprisingly good looking (and going to get better), the multiplayer fun, the gameplay just intense overall. I can't wait for world randomization and creation, as well as player customization and skills. It's already an awesome game, and just going to get better."
,Recommended,251570,9074483,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,-hg- Thorium,"Still in development, and honestly I'd say it is already a great game. I rather enjoy it. :)"
76561198087198318,Recommended,251570,8057564,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ARCHANGEL (ENG),"trailer looks good, what the end product could be seems real good, what it is atm is really badd.i know its early access but narh wouldnt bother just yetwill happyly return at a later date to recommended"
,Recommended,251570,8060581,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Yoshuzimo,Its like a zombie shooter/suvival game mixed with minecraft and a post nucular war game mixed all in one! It has a bit of a learning curve but lots of fun!
76561198060048862,Recommended,251570,8064058,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Evil Lee,not much of a pc or mac gamer. play more on my ps3 but this game is really COOL!! so happy they put it out for mac thank you so much. havnt touched my ps3 since it game out. be for this i was hooked on project zomboid. i like 7 days to die much better i hate having to keep my guy happy.
,Recommended,251570,8066922,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,[Legion] Ben,"Seriously, Guys, this game is awesome! And its going to be even more awesome, but the developers need time, of course, no one can establish a great game over night. But right now, actually its worth it's money. I have had so much fun playing in Co-Op with my Sister and some randome guys.I mean, it's like some kind of Minecraft but its much more exciting, as there are really a lot of zombies coming at your house in the night. Okay, yes, some things dont work yet, and there are still some important items missing, but give them some time.If they keep working on this, I am pretty sure this is going to be one of the best games ever, as many players want do have their own apocalypse, building their own houses, securing them...I can only say: So far, its really cool and a lot of fun to play. Thanks, The Fun Pimps, and keep going. We trust in you!"
,Recommended,251570,8069218,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,mew905,"Like a cross between Don't Starve, Minecraft and WarZ. Interesting combination and more to come. RPG/Surivial/FPS/Sandbox game. Lots of potential. Definite recommend."
76561198050447266,Recommended,251570,8071992,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Twelvegageshoty,"So far I really enjoy this game. Its an actual zombie survival game (have to eat, drink, seek shelter, etc.) while dealing with the threat of the zombies. I also like the level of freedom to just do whatever you want. Wana hold up in an abandoned building and set traps for the zombies? you can do that! Want to farm, hunt, and build a cabin in the woods? You can do that! Be a nomad and wonder about scavanging? You get the idea. Its your apocalypse, do what you want to survive! Also the crafting is very fun as well, with many combinations for difrent items, weapons, and building material. No objectives just focus on staying alive long as you can anyway you want! Even though its in Alpha right now its already a game that has fully got my attention and shows alot of potential! I give it a 10/10!"
76561198082693318,Recommended,251570,8072038,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,MerlotGaming,Amazing game. and still only in alpha.
,Recommended,251570,8072317,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,White Kong,"Still early in the game BUT prettyfun andthe potential to be one of the best games of2014 when fully released, and def. already the best game of genrekicks day z on its♥♥♥♥"
76561198017212892,Recommended,251570,8076400,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Uncle Acid and the Deadbeats,"It's important to remember that this game is still in development, and therefore cannot be viewed as a complete product. There are lots of reviews littered around that complain about the lack of updates and features. I can't comment on those, but from what I have played, today, this game is a lot of fun and has a promising future. You begin with no supplys, and are expected to survive by crafting weapons and other materials from things you pick up. Basically the longer you survive, it seems, the more you can invest in your stronghold. After 3 nights, in one abandoned house, I felt unsure about leaving to get more supplys. I quickly found that leaving at night to get supplys is the equvilient to a big breasted girl running up the stairs in a horror movie. The usually cumbersome creatures that George A Romero directed in Night of the Living Dead, are replaced by raging meat sacks with more drive than teenage girls at a One Direction concert.The terrain is well designed, ranging from forested areas to city blocks and everything in between. It doesn't matter whether you prefer a small apartment or a wooden log cabin, you will find something that ticks the boxes. Ultimately, it doesn't matter because you will end up using metal sheets to board up the windows and doors. The white fence suburban areas have a really cool Walking Dead feel to them. I kept expecting to run into another player, with a patch over his eye and a sardonic grin on his face.The crafting system seems simple and easy to use, even for a mincraft novice like myself. The ease in which you find supplys is only rivaled by the totally unrealistic degradation of the weapons and (for some reason) doors. Within an hour of play time you will find yourself wielding a fire axe and chopping down the forest with the kind of rambunctious verve that would make the McDonald's corporation proud.The game, however, is not without its problems. Firstly, either the zombies in this game are all the reanimated corpses of structural engineers, or the devs need to tune down the damage they do against concrete blocks and metal slabs; I'm hoping for the latter because it gets really annoying constantly building new doors. At present, my work around is to just board up any openings with wooden blocks and hope they don't crash through. Secondly, and this is not the devs fault, but I would love to see another human being once in a while. When I was online, I was completely alone the entire time. I felt like the Omega Man, left to wander the earth with only my trusty dog (who had gone AWOL) and a bunch of shop mannequins for company. With more people online, this game could be a lot of fun. Imagine teaming up to keep out the zombie horde, or breaking down someone's barricade, just before nightfall, leaving them completely defenceless when it gets dark.It obvious that the development team behind this game are sitting on a potential goldmine. Zombies + Minecraft = a licence to print money. Yes it has some problems, but it's still in development. If you want a finished game, wait until it is released, next year. If you can't wait, however, this game is still a lot of fun in its current state. At $35US, it may seem a little steep, but compare that to the cost of most AAA titles nowadays and it's a bargain."
76561198062676135,Not Recommended,251570,34939613,Posted: 13 September,all,RealRealmRuler,"At this state, the game should'a been named ""1 hour to die"", instead of ""7 days to die"".. Not sure how many times i slashed that big fat zombie in the beginning, but it was alot!! Also the hitting distance is ridiculous.."
76561198126140908,Not Recommended,251570,15179476,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Geoffman,The game doesnt work after the recent update
,Recommended,251570,34245334,Posted: 14 August,all,Jaxon,is verry good
,Recommended,251570,11683266,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,R.snow223,For a early access game i've spent so many hours and knowing that this is only gonna get better makes this a even better buy!
,Recommended,251570,33090147,Posted: 1 July,all,MechMK1,"About the Game7 Days to Die is a self-titled ""Survival Horde Crafting Game"", which is pretty suitable.The core gameplay consists of scavenging items from various places such as gun-, hardware- or book-stores, building a base and defending it from zombies.Every 7th day, a ""blood moon"" occurs, which summons ferral zombies non-stop all night. Your goal is to build a base and weapons to defend against this horde.Additionally, the game has a perk system, which gives you slight bonuses the more you use a certain class of items (e.g. mining tools work more efficiently, blunt weapons deal more damage, etc.). The perk system is also used to gate certain materials and recipes, so players can't build the most powerful tools right away (e.g. stone tools first, then iron, then steel, etc...)TechnicalThe games technical implementation is mediocre. It's not terrible, but for the level of graphical fidelity, the performance is sub-par. On a rather good machine (i7-6700K, GTX 980 Ti), with high settings, I sometimes get frame drops down to 30 FPS, which won't go back up to 60 until I close the game and reload it.Of course, the game is playable most of the time - just don't expect the most polished experience here.The DefaultsMy biggest complaint of this title are the default settings. In all honesty, a loot respawn time of 30 days is just...not fun. Really, if you loot a gun store at your first day and get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lv. 6 pistol grip, you won't be able to loot it again until you're lv. 120 and are basically a walking death machine.Yes, you can set these options to a more sane number (like 5 days), but newer players either won't know this or say ""The game is supposed to be like this"" and then end up having a bad time. And you know, we're here to have a good time.Early AccessThe game is still in early access and active development. This comes with several pro's and con's attached. On the positive side, the game is being improved with every update. Just with the recent Alpha 16 update, the game got nice things like an automatic marker for your bike.Of course, this also means that the information on the Wiki will often be outdated and that any guide you will find may or may not accurately reflect what the game is like right now.Will I have fun with this game?I'd answer this question with ""Yes, if..."".If you are willing to put up with the game's rather steep learning curve and don't have a problem with dying a few times in the beginning, just to learn the basics, then you will likely have fun here.If you dislike the idea of dying because you just had bad luck or because the game failed to tell you vital information, then I suggest you not to play this game, at least not in its current state (Alpha 16.1)"
,Recommended,251570,8324668,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Redherring17,"This is an excellent game. While there are many flaws, it is still in alpha and can only get better."
76561198130345782,Not Recommended,251570,11377596,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,xxsilveracexx,This Game Really Sucks Because When I Was Playing It It Crashed And I Had To Do A Lot Of Things To Get It Working Again
76561198019187798,Not Recommended,251570,23839204,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,^5Kakashi,"i liked this game, back when alpha 12 was still around at least. Back then you could just mine blocks easily like minecraft which i personally liked more, now mining blocks takes forever (like rust) and the game was good optimised.nowadays with it's current alpha state, i don't like it anymore. badly optimised, alpha 12 system gone. it's as if they don't know what they to do with this game. i also have a decent pc with a r9 390 and that one struggles to keep a steady frame rate and getting 60fps ain't happeningIf they were to go back to their old golden alpha 12 system (faster mining and better optimised), but keep everything they have now in terms of crafting/gear/skills/loot etc, then i would recommend it. Hell, if it were still alpha 12 i would recommend it right away, however this is not the case so i don't recommend it in it's current state."
,Recommended,251570,26289470,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,EVERYDAYPOTATO,good game but animations and textures need a bit of an update but other than that love it hope to see some changes in the future
76561198020463867,Recommended,251570,28050253,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KingLewie,"Tonnes of fun to be had in thiis one, especially on a blood moon. The devs are...hmmm...pretty good with the update frequency. If only they used the zombie AI from Left 4 Dead 2, this game would be bang on! Get your defences up quick, or just dig a hole and pray, because on that 7th day, the♥♥♥♥♥♥really does hit the fan! ;)"
,Not Recommended,251570,33686784,Posted: 20 July,all,K4lyxx,"I know this is a early access game, but it was funnier in alpha 15. Since alpha 16, it takes forever to get huge quantities of wood... Wood = everything, so without woods you cannot make anything and progress. I don't understand why you don't get 1200 woods when chopping a tree with 1200 hitpoints. In real life, when you chop a tree, you get all of it.. not just some of it... It was one of my favorite game. Now it's one of my worst game, just because it's a nightmare spending all my in game time to chop tree to get close to nothing... and upgrades are really expensive too... I'm hoping they will fix that non sense."
,Not Recommended,251570,34518411,Posted: 26 August,all,[npk] muff,"Crafting and gameplay takes a long time to do anything. The tutorial is pretty flat, and the game seems like a lot of grinding. Might be for some people, but not for me."
,Not Recommended,251570,30700632,Posted: 24 March,all,Khirsah - Do the Fonz,"6 / 10- In general its a good lil games but like most 'Z' games its noth' but only an indie game.- hadlots of fun with it when they first started but for some reason they just cant get the mining right, requirement ratio for crafting, loot table is way too random.- map size are decent but not too many prefab, thgey prefered working on generic engine for it, with which they have ALOT of bugs (e.g.: bad structural integrity for houses since they're trying to implement soooo many gravity rules. HOuse sitting halfway in empty air or half buried, etc ....)- a good side of it is for those who know how to code... its an open source game, you can mod it.- a bad side ... it gets realy boring after a while ... its the same thing over n over n over n overWORST THING about this game .... got the game from start and still alpha ... not even beta yet much promises that takes forever to see. just hate this generation of game maker who makes peoples belives that the game will eventually be complete and just  keep it in alpha with all sorts of pretentious reasonsThe ONLY reason I almost reach 1700 hrs on it is thanks to a few friend who also played along and I wanted a co-op play style but with time it just went south since they cant get the overall basics right ."
,Not Recommended,251570,33574145,Posted: 15 July,all,Raunchy Potato,"Summary:Even for an early access game, this is in an unacceptably buggy and unoptimized state.  It has potential, there are good ideas behind it, and the devs update it regularly; but the updates do not address the key shortcomings of the game.Pros:-- Deep crafting system with a lot of options-- World generation give you lots of room to explore, mine, loot, etc-- Passable shooting controlsCons:-- Repeated bugs that cause you to have to sign out and sign back in to get rid of them (at best) or will persist until they cause something in the game to kill you (at worst)-- Awful optimization, requiring at least 16 gigs of RAM to run at anything resembling acceptable quality-- Requires far more system resources than games that look (and play) far superior to itOf all of the crafting-zombie-survival games on here, this is one of the deeper and more interesting ones.  However, its devs seem to have far more passion for designing than they do for optimization.  No game with PS2-era poly counts, prodecuarlly generated worlds, and such basic AI should require this much system resources to run.  And as they keep adding more and more into the game, it looks like it's only going to get worse.  If they don't address this issue soon, don't expect this game to ever leave early access."
,Not Recommended,251570,10825346,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bucky,"Buggy as can be. I can't even run the game for more than fifteen minutes before it crashes my whole computer and requires a restart. I frequently get stuck while searching things, completely unable to search and unable to quit the menu, until I get killed by a zombie. It has spawned me inside of zombie hordes and once it spawned me somewhere that I died as soon as I took two steps. I think it was an irradiated zone of some kind, but I don't know why it would spawn me out there.Also, I'm not a usually a stickler for graphics but this game looks like crap. How about before you improve AI pathing you make a playable game?"
76561197970667432,Not Recommended,251570,11933232,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Checkingbu,That rustic performance  doesn’t justify 25$. Overpriced.
76561198192722947,Not Recommended,251570,15465345,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BOT Ferry,"wasnt the best game i ahve played, i would give it actually 4-5/10."
,Not Recommended,251570,10989520,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ChocoboXV,"This game sounded fun but ended up being too difficult on even the easiest setting.  I turned all the settings to ""easy as possible"" and still had a very hard time surviving for more than 20-30 minutes.The crafting was nothing new or exciting, but at least it was easy to understand (once I figured out I had to punch bushes for sticks insead of trees).  A tutorial level for this game will be a MUST whenever it does come out.The world destruction seemed fairly well implemented for such an early stage of development.  However it felt like it took too long to dig a hole and I couldn't find a way to ""upgrade"" the shovel to make the process any faster.I realize this game is a ""survival"" game and it's not supposed to be easy, but for gamers like me who just want to play around and sandbox in a survival game, 7 Days to Die really didn't come through.  It is truly designed for the hardcore survival players and I'm just not one.I wish there was a ""neutral"" recommendation but I decided to go with no because this is too ""hardcore"" for a gamer like me.  Others may love it and I encourage them to give it a try."
,Recommended,251570,32692282,Posted: 23 June,all,🔪ᴜʟᴛʀᴀ🔪,I have loved playing this game. It's worth every penny. Watch some youtube to learn how to play it well and you should be good to go !I do have problems with this game time to time. I really hope they improve the hud menu and the flow of clicking on certain buttons. I also would like to see a HD improved graphics for those of us who are able to run it.
76561198060873066,Recommended,251570,8612830,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Salty Bastard,I was killed by a giant bee. 10/10
,Recommended,251570,8612920,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Hrefn,"After over 600 hours of gameplay, I still really love this game.  The last couple of builds have seen vast improvements and in my opinion have made the game much more fun.  The latest build (Alpha 15) introduced a trading system which I feel has brought an exciting new element to the game.  The zombie AI is now cleaner than ever before and the skill system (introduced in an earlier build) both makes for a more rewarding game play - though I feel early game is fairly hard as you will start off with very basic equipment.If you haven't played for a while I would recommend playing again and if you have not purchased it then let me say if you enjoy a game where you can collect everything, upgrade or build everything (the possibilities are almost endless) while staving off the angry horde of the undead then definitely give 7 Days to Die a go.Original Review (back in 2014): Gritty, edgy zombie action with destructables & crafting - whats not to love really?  As with any Early Access games there are teething problems but in my opinion this game is fun & has plenty of potential."
,Recommended,251570,8615229,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,lord goat,"To start, this is truly a great game. If you're someone who is into exploration, looting, craftting, building and of course slaughtering zombies in a multiplitude of ways. Great solo play and even better group play, this game can really create hilarious, scary & memorible moments. Theres a boat load of ways you can easily manipulate the server settings to create your ideal game and within the game theres an entire character development system with many different perks and choices. The world is voxel based and you can dig almost to the core of the earth, making for some very interesting building projects.Unlike many alpha games, the developers seem to give a hoot about their player base adding requests from the community, constantly communicating and optimization."
76561198079389942,Recommended,251570,8621100,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jacksimus,"DEFINATELY recommend this game to any Zombie Survivalist-loving people, this is probably the best I've played! 9.5/10 stars! :D"
,Recommended,251570,8625122,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ninjabullets™ gamdom.com,If minecraft had a baby with left 4 dead. This is the spawn of satan. 666/10
76561198021566183,Recommended,251570,8632623,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DirtyCop,"could be a very nice game, but for now, i played with my bro on the hardest difficulty on first game, we survived, really easy, just build 4 walls and a roof with wood logs, when zombies destroy a block replace it, there you go you survived, now wait for the sun to rise, slowly and safely kill the slow zombies in daylight, you get enough guns food and water to survive again, go do a little grabbing in the nearest location and your done , you got all you need to survive, and now what? nothing... your donefirst playthrough hardest difficulty, we survived 8 days and then realized theres is nothing to do.too much guns bullets water and food , you dont really need to search for it, and you have so much youll never need all of it.we need a purpuse beyond surviving, an incentive to search, i never needed food or water i had plenty, killing zombies is easy as breathing when the sun is up, and at night just hide and replaces block destroyed by zombies.same flaws that minecraft had, bgut somehow it feels without soul, i enjoyed exploring in minecraft."
76561198048918171,Recommended,251570,8634832,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,MurderousJukebox,"In my opinion the best game I ever played. Its a mix between left4dead, skyrim, and minecraft. This game is addicting and it never ends. The graphics are pretty good I havent had any prblems with the game so far. The game is amazing I just can`t wait for the new content coming out with alpha 6. Ill be waiting."
,Recommended,251570,8640246,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,N1ghtFeather,"Get it!  I personally don't know if the $35 is worth it for what you get now, but I see a lot of potential and the full game will rival dayz and such!  Personally I think it is better, mainly because it is voxel based."
76561198090936308,Recommended,251570,8650469,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ⒻⓊⒸⓀ ⓎⓄⓊ.,great game it was worth all the £20 (i bought it on steam sale so price may be different)
76561198064100397,Recommended,251570,8652863,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,slaughterborn,Approaching almost 200 hours into this game I enjoy it greatly. Perfect to drop in and just survive for a couple hours and log off . Although it being alpha getting used to losing your gear and progress was a little hard but if you can get past that I think 7DTD is for you .
,Recommended,251570,8653457,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Creamy Souls,If you like minecraft and zombie-apokalypse games then this is A. MAZ. ING.
76561198039846080,Recommended,251570,8653936,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dookie Sheeran,"Its a good game and its got alot of potentail, although in the trailer it looks like a game where it is a challenge to survive, but when i played it it turned out to be alot like minecraft and altough, the gamne is harder in night its still too easy, i found that all u had to do was bui,d ur base high up and you were completely fine. Fun game lots of potential but its still missing something, and i recommend u buy this game when it comes on sale because ts simply not worth the 35 dollars."
,Recommended,251570,8666400,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mr. Doge,"BEST GAME EVER! ONE OF MY FAVORITE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE GAME EVER! THERE IS A LOT OF THINGS YOU CAN DO LIKE BUILD A FORT TO SURVIVE THE ZOMBIES GO HUNTING FOR FOOD, FIND SUPPLIES, CRAFT THINGS, TEAM UP WITH PLAYERS TO HELP EACH OTHER! NOT AS MUCH BANDITS AS DAYZ REALLY GREAT GAME!"
76561198048736247,Recommended,251570,8667032,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Soft & Lilly,Nice game Get it in the next update
,Recommended,251570,8695171,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ghroznak the Orc,Bra blanding av Minecraft og Dayz.
76561198053164873,Recommended,251570,8695361,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,omega0915,"IF you are a fan of the zombie appocalypse and if minecraft leaves you feeling wanting more, than this is the perfect game for you. I honestly bought this game not expecting much but this game was one of the most pleasent surprises out of all the games I have bought so far. You can try to survive on your own, invite friends, or leave your appocalyptic world open for others to join in your struggle to survive."
76561197993994557,Recommended,251570,8697567,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Mazetar,Awesome for co-op!
76561198090221906,Recommended,251570,8698757,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Slim Shady,"great game lots of fun. i have only played a short amount of time but it sure gave me a good first impression, in order to stop framerate drops just kill more zombies :D"
,Recommended,251570,8719154,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,NamNAm,This game may still be in alpha but it is still worth the buy despite what others my say. its a unique zombie survival game that is really enjoyable solo or on a pvp server. the glitches are something one must push past just as many people did when minecraft came out or dayz i dont think its far for people the give this game a down rating and count it out so quickly. most of them will most probably still play it even after giving negative fee back..
,Recommended,251570,8722165,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Daggit,excellent game minecraft for adults :)
,Recommended,251570,8762984,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zarn,how do i connect to my friends provate game????
,Recommended,251570,8809974,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Cwan,You always talk about what you would do if there was a zombie apocolypse! Now you can live that fantasy! This is only in Alpha! And its already better then most released games! Updates are great! I would recommend this to hardcore zombie fans!
,Recommended,251570,8811681,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Deephazard,Don't judge on the recommendations. It's a very fun game that allows allot of diversity. You just need to get around the graphics; which are pretty terrible
,Recommended,251570,8812629,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Samantha the Birb,"This game can be fun. it can also be aggrovating. I like the mechanics of the game, but alot of things appear copied from other games I play. the crafting system is O.K, but it needs some improvements. I could rant on about how I DON'T like the game in differing ways, but I could instead rant on about how I DO like the game in may differing ways. For example, I think the AI should be able to detect doors first, that way they brake those before recking the walls. But, i think that the weapons have become better. Instead of 1 bullet being a clip, you will need to conserve ammo (6.1 UPDATE) making the Zombie appocolipse more realalistic. Overall, the game can improve, and at the same time it is REALLY FUN. It's worth the money. I say yes. I would reccomend the game.EDIT!The game has a lot more functionality now. It has a leveling system that works with you, so the more you do something the more skilled you become. This works for running, skinning animals, crafting tools, everything. I recommended the game before, and I still do now."
,Recommended,251570,8814410,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,ProgramRAM,I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH MORE THEN RUST!!! IF YOU LIKE DAYZ AND MINECRAFT THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!! PLUS SERVER HOSTING IS VERY CHEAP!!!
76561198018688488,Recommended,251570,8822378,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,VideoScrubs,this is a good game its fun and ca have a good time but it wont update to alpha 6.1 on stea witch i hope will be fixed soon
76561197981240969,Recommended,251570,8869596,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ıllıllı вισ ıllıllı,AWESOME
76561198012676189,Recommended,251570,8895207,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Colest4f4,"So far an awesome game and very challenging, something I have been looking for, however the lack of a way to play multiplayer with friends without having to get my own server was a bit of a let down. But I am still excited to play, and will continue to until I am eaten by zombies and all my loot is stolen"
,Recommended,251570,8901098,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kujhen,You guys need to make different guns other than (pistol)(sniper) (pump Action shotgun) Make actual guns with actual names
,Recommended,251570,8901411,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tesuna,It was pretty easy to get guns and kill zombies. Abit glitchy but the building and crafting is quite unique. looking forward for more udpates :D
76561198089077067,Recommended,251570,8904200,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Dethspyre,"This is a great game, love the crafting and love the interaction with everything in the world from the terrain to the buildings. Being able to do anything in a survival game like this just keeps your interest and keeps you going. The sounds of the hordes are creepy and keep you on your toes. Awesome game."
,Recommended,251570,8906453,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,BlankTheDot,"Okay everyone saying it was a waste of money, its only in Alpha so quit whining Smite for instance is in beta just wait and see when this game comes into beta and then see if it was worth your money, Just feel happy that you got the game for christ's sake.Ffs"
76561198093514115,Recommended,251570,8906955,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,zillaman200021,i would recomend this game because its very realist and very good grafics for a game that still in alpha
,Recommended,251570,8911947,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Yuri AF,"""It's like Minecraft with zombies in it."" -IGN"
76561198040617220,Recommended,251570,8912400,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Nazzack the War Boy,so mucn fun with friends and cant wait for the game to be done
76561198076040852,Recommended,251570,8924258,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Jakacopter,"a Very fun game, not so fun if your by yourself though"
,Recommended,251570,8935445,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Yamik,This is one of the few good sandbox horror games out there
,Recommended,251570,8945973,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Drachenblut,this is a good game fun to play   alone or with a group dont build up high dogs love to destroy blocks
76561198107395339,Recommended,251570,8947398,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Stooge,Really great game the single player is lots of fun and the multiplayer is even better10/10
76561198124666199,Recommended,251570,8964215,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Zone-Tan,"Despite the minor errors i've found with a few of the updates this game is amazing. Sure you might get stuck in a wall for a few hours, or they might take away your underground farming, or you may die before you can get your stuff back, (Thank god for the update allowing zombies running to be turned off), but with all of that aside I thoroughly enjoy this game. Single Player and Multi-Player. Regardless of it's issues it is only in Alpha, meaning it has the potential to become even greater than it already is. Some people fail to read and i'm sure have flamed due to the numerous glitches earlier on, please ignore them developers and please keep working. I was more than happy to support this game!PS: You can thank Markiplier for bringing this game to my attention originally."
,Recommended,251570,8613450,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,YellowBananas,"I really don't understand what TeeJaxOff <3 problem is with this game. It is obvious that it is in early acess, obviouslly the game isn't done if it's in early acess. The specs on my computer also are not the greatest but I am having no lag problem if you uncheck the ""high quality"" lighting box. I think it's an okay game as of right now but it does need work. PvP on servers is an aboslutle blast. The crafting is a little odd but you get the hang of it. It seems like to me the people that write bad reviews probably just put the difficulity setting up to high and died a lot or get killed by people on another server. It is somewhat of a challenege but that's what makes the game fun. So if you want to be part of a fun game that is still in development spend the $35 or just wait until they finish it and then buy it. It's a blast, in my opinion."
,Recommended,251570,8621124,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,NismoTimma,"I love this game! The crafting system needs a little work, lighting could be better in most environments and deer should die from a head shot with an assault rifle but other than that Alpha 5 was well worth the $27 I paid for it. Alpha 6 should be released soon with a bunch of cool updates and a bigger map! I definitely would recommend this game if you're into minecraft or similar games."
76561198024557523,Recommended,251570,8624221,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Xyz scorpion402,Awesome game thats all there is to say
,Recommended,251570,8638234,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DrFlabbergast,"Really great game, fun to play with a friend. It brings a lot of laughs, its a lot like minecraft but on steroids."
,Recommended,251570,8639898,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kashu,"This may be an Alpha release, but it's pretty fun.  Think Minecraft + DayZ and you pretty much have the idea of what this feels like.  I caught it on sale over the winter for ~24$, but that was just fine.  I've only found a few problems in game such as stone textures not loading correctly, but still not a bad game.  In fact I would love to see this game when it's complete, it's gonna be awesome!"
76561198046036230,Recommended,251570,8082404,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mizu Zoo zU,nopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenope
76561198095881836,Recommended,251570,8082977,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,LONEWOLF,love this mixture of mine craft and RPG its prity awesome
76561198099742354,Recommended,251570,8085273,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Wattsy,wicked  game!!!
76561198083352842,Recommended,251570,8086358,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,tyo84262,i love the game i really do but my computer keeps crashing when i play it please please please fix this i want to play again but im afraid to
76561198040557124,Recommended,251570,8087067,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lazero,"I have had lots of excitement with this game, good stratgy mixed with running for you life in quite  some panic. Havent noticed any lag, and so far I am happy to have bought it even if $30 almost lost me, I went for it and am glad to have done so. I am looking forward to any updates, and hopefully they will come steadily and not take too long,"
,Recommended,251570,8087513,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,groit,"This game is fun, even tho it's alpha.. the price will throw off a LOT of people, though.  Patience is the key.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorHello,If you do not feel it is right for you right now, you might consider checking us out every couple months or so as development continues. Our goal is to develop the game until it is finished and worth the full purchase price that some people choose to pay early via Steam's Early Access program."
,Recommended,251570,8098476,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,jordanvl1998,Epic game but needs time controls for creative cuz i need more daylight and less night when building in creative
,Recommended,251570,8108170,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Thierry,this is a really fun game GET IT NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
76561197964838741,Recommended,251570,8112427,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,PeAVeY,ces vraiment prometeur
76561197968970242,Recommended,251570,8129750,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,gcbronco,Excellent survival game and though still in testing stage very polished.
76561198110859365,Recommended,251570,8436604,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NB0693,Fun game
76561198062393899,Recommended,251570,8471874,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Raphel,"This game is amazingly fun, however my friend and I had some problem setting up a world together - All you have to do is1)Set the world to public2)Make a password if it is only supposed to be you guys3)Invite other player through Shift-Tab function4)Have them enter the password once they join5)Enjoy your fun!"
,Recommended,251570,8475560,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Death by Wookiee,"This game is a great mix of minecraft's sandbox world and left 4 dead's play style.  Its still a bit glitchy, it is in alpha, but still very playable.  Highly recommend!  Fun from the start."
76561198068566894,Recommended,251570,8487563,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DR RUSE,vary good game was astonished by how good the game was. if you like mincraft you will fall in love with this games rell life feel to it.
76561198054571685,Recommended,251570,8493225,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Simmhar,"Funny game, it's minecraft and day Z toghether. I loved it, but much more funnier to play with it with friends, if you're on your own, it's a little bit harder. I recommend the game. The game get's 4/5 stars :) but it would be so much more fun if the player get much more to do in the game, and if the players could use beds and cook own food."
76561198027468697,Recommended,251570,8511075,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dominionz,"Minecraft meets Zombie survival.  Fun concept and works pretty well for a game in Alpha.  Some bugs here and there but a blast creating a ""fortress of solitude"" by myself and with friends.  Can't wait to see what the next update brings.  My only major gripe is the large ammount of memmory usage by the game client.  Hopefully that will get optimized in the near future.  Otherwize, lot of fun."
76561198004528536,Recommended,251570,8522846,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vorpid,This game is like mine craft with guns and moar zombies! Totals worth the buy.
76561198067825017,Recommended,251570,8525826,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Macaroon,BEST GAME EVER!!! This game is a mix between LFD2 and Minecraft
,Recommended,251570,8565510,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Juice Box,Well excuse me I'm wasting daylight and I still have to go back on creating my underground mansion while the zombies are away.
76561198058008547,Recommended,251570,8571998,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Sensodynee,This Game is really great. When youre stuck in a house at night the zombies scream from everywhere and the doors start breaking. You almost♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself! I cant wait for the new Updates and im looking forward to a great game being released.
76561197974339072,Recommended,251570,8572175,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,branb32,"This game is really good with lots of potential. Love the crafting, building structures(buildings,walls,floors,stairs, etc. and setting traps for the undead.) Anything and everything is destructible and can be used for crafting. The games feels like minecraft for adults with better graphics, crafting, and zombies!"
76561198007666908,Recommended,251570,8575595,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Potato Polski PC,A mixed bag of both good and bad with a price tag that Bill Gates would consider expensive.
76561198042665500,Recommended,251570,8581667,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DeirdreM,"One word to describe this game: Fun!Survival games seem to be the new ""thing"" with devs and after some research I decided to try this. I am so very glad I did! The options are great, the crafting system is superb and the gameplay is simple to learn. Like Minecraft meets Walking Dead is the only real way to describe it. I am very eager to see how this title progresses from Alpha to a finished product. If you're looking for a good co-op survival crafting game, I would definetely suggest looking into it!"
,Recommended,251570,8587350,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BigZman95,"This is a great game that is a work in progress. Although it doesn't have photo-realistic graphics or the highest production quality, this game does offer a certain sense of survival not found in other similar games. The need to craft and construct things in order to fend off zombie hordes another day is pretty **** thrilling. If you like Minecraft and you like zombies, then you're gonna love this game."
76561198101903841,Recommended,251570,8609989,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,colby25,love the game need alpha 6 i cant wait feels like its taking forever XD
,Recommended,251570,29316043,Posted: 17 January,all,mitsunaga1948 [ ホ ラ族],Killing Zombie. nice felal  NIce Zombie  ww  lol
,Recommended,251570,13541198,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ultima,Feathers and bullet casings literally in every trash pile.11/10
,Not Recommended,251570,13777941,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"This game is trash. I wish I watched some videos before purchasing. The art, audio and animations are awful. The world is ugly and empty, except for a bunch of zombies and garbage piles lying around. The single-player component isn't fun. Only buy this if you're planning to play with a bunch of friends."
,Recommended,251570,13778968,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,5 Year Old Fugitive,"7 Days to DieAn early access survival zombie apocalypse game, with extensive crafting.GAMEPLAYCraftingCrafting in this game is very extensive. You can make almost everything to your desire, if you have the materials to do so. You can find special books that when you read them, you learn more crafting recipes. If you find a generic book, you don't learn anything. You can only turn the generic book into paper. You can find blueprints to learn more about guns and their recipes. You can make a campfire and cook food. The forge however, requires the ""Forge Ahead"" book.TerrainYou can set the terrain generation to Random or Navezgane. The game name influences the random generation, like in Minecraft with the seeds. When set to Navezgane, it creates a world that is always the same. Navezgane in the basically the world that gives the game a storyline about the apocalypse. There are many biomes to explore, from Radiation Zones to Forests.Loot60% of the time you find useless junk unless you have a Forge. The rest of the loot is food, clothing, drinks, weapons, and other USEFUL stuff. This ties in well with the Crafting because almost everything you find can be turned into something else. The game has a Airdrop option, which you can change the intervals between the airdrops. Airdrops will have extremely useful stuff, such as medical supplies and weapon blueprints.ZombiesZombies during the day aren't so bad. They move slow, don't agro easily, and don't deal much damage. Day and night both feature Zombie Dogs, which are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s because they kill you easily, and move fast! Zombies and Dogs have many ways to sense and track you down. If you have meat on you, zombies can smell you from a distance. They can hear you access chests, campfires, forges, inventories, and pretty much everything. At night, the zombies traverse the world, in huge packs, have increased damage, have Sanic speed, and have increased sensing abilities. My advice is to build or fortify a house, and crouch to wait out the night.WIldlifeThere are animals that can be hunted and killed. They drop useful meats, animal fat, bones, and animal skins. This also ties well into Crafting because when you use the Leather Tanning book, you learn to craft animal hide/skin/whatever into Leather which can be crafted into Armor. Zombies will also track down and kill animals too.CharactersWHOA WHAT?! Yes, you can create your own character and customize him or her. :DServersYou can contact a hosting service and rent a server, or portforward your router to allow private computer hosting. You can also enable antihack and a password.7 Days to Die is really a great game, if you have a group of friends and want to survive in a semi-hardcore apocalypse game, purchase this game. This game is also on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥available for low prices! And yes I said ""semi-hardcore' survival because zombies are tough, but you can respawn.Final Score:8.5/10Since this game is in early access, you should expect a few bugs. Bugs are minimal however."
,Recommended,251570,31634982,Posted: 8 May,all,satleet,"Fantastic game, constant updates, even more fun with friends. I purchased this multiple times for my buds."
76561198077170501,Recommended,251570,29857394,Posted: 11 February,all,-Nasty-,this game is super fun if you want to play it make sure you have a friend because it gets hard doing everything on your own but this games i rate 10/10 super fun but they need to make it so minibikes dont fall through the world when u hop off them and add more physics to the minibike its in the same position the whole time your riding it.
76561198199831494,Recommended,251570,29841120,Posted: 10 February,all,940786476,游戏中充满了无限的可能性，整体上不错，不过放置物品还是有点问题经常放歪We need the Chinese version. Please pay attention to the Chinese market.
76561198018219256,Not Recommended,251570,33750097,Posted: 23 July,all,[RG] Balldrick,I wont reccomend this game inill they Fix thier♥♥♥♥♥♥ No backup feature built into game so we got a Chunk roll back and allot of people lost bases becuase of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I realy dont feel the need to load a bloody mod so i can do backups on my server i mean WTF. World saves Over write the old ones .. so there is no ♥♥♥♥ing way to roll back. Untill you fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥i will keep this negative Review.
,Not Recommended,251570,33887389,Posted: 29 July,all,BPRempel,This game gets harder and harder with each update. They make it less and less fun to play. It has become way more grindy with recent updates. I cant imagine how hard this game would be for new players. It was hard enough when I started playing and had a steep learning curve but now it is bordering on impossibly dificult. I really loved this game before but I am not enjoying it anymore. Would no longer recomend this game to anyone.
76561198395178136,Recommended,251570,33984284,Posted: 2 August,all,AZHighlander,The best game I've played
76561198209516709,Not Recommended,251570,33890817,Posted: 29 July,all,ShootsWithRay,"This game was good for awhile. As the updates rolled out, however, it went into a steady plummet of glitchy performance and beyond unrealistic physics. Playing became painful instead of fun. Another classic example of a good early release game gone wrong. Whether it is the developers fault or fates... Still don't know. Had fun for awhile though so I'm not too mad."
76561198010264007,Recommended,251570,31513060,Posted: 2 May,all,Mashtooth,"I can't get enough of this game's PvP.The options in raiding are amazing, I could cut down their doors, I could blow a hole into the wall, I could cut through the roof, I could even dig from underneath the ground!Back of the head, Bonus damage for assassinations!Once your level 90 from all those zombie kills, you'll be able to craft bullets and just spray all over the place.I've raided about 20 people in the time i've started playing, new people join everyday building on my claim for fresh raid'n take'n all dere hard stuff!The only downside is the leveling system itself, starting out sucks like really bad. It Can take awhile to kill a zombie with a club at level 1, bullets and guns are like unusable because they equate to a skill level so in order to get them up you gotta make and spray them bullets at zombies, they are mostly used against other players. That can take a long time. Getting leather for a forge can seem impossible without a trip to the trader. PvP is usally against one or another, You're fighting someone with no wellness or someone with full wellness. Most people are bambi's, but some people are brutal.Also, it takes quite a beefy machine in order to handle this to it's maximum preformance. If your hardware is like 10 years old, your provably not gunna be able to run the program that good.If you're lucky, you can find an abandoned mini bike stuck in the ground that you can dig up for free! That's how I found mine on the PvP server."
76561198058803161,Recommended,251570,25415822,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Kenny Loggins,"I bought this game a long time ago and I have played it on and off for years totaling 400 hours. I have not had the fortune to have people who want to play it with me in my small town, so i have had a mostly solo experience. I have played it through several patches and have seen the game progress through development.This is by far the best and most complete early access game I have ever played. I would say that it was worth $30 when I first got it many many patches ago. Now I think it is approaching full price marker ($40-$60) as they release new content. This game still does have some bugs, but rarely anything game breaking.The gameplay gets merit for the feeling of continual tension. As soon as you leave your base you are vulnerable, and sometimes even in your base you are. Zombies can and will evetually tear through anything, so you can never get complacent.The inventory, crafting, looting, and stats systems is very solid and still expanding. I feel a rush every time I find that perfect engine for my minibike or augur/chainsaw.All the compliments aside, my only real complaint is that the shooting system is a little clunky. I know this isnt halo, and perfect shootiing mechanics may make it too easy and remove some tension, but as I aim down my sniper scope, there will be times that I can not get the crosshairs to line up with the zoms at a distance. I know I am a bad shot, but when moving the mouse the smallest amount possible carries too much and I go back and forth without any possible shot (like the pixel where the zombie is standing is just not available) I get frustrated and leave out the range. Maybe I'm doing it wrong, maybe it is intentional, and maybe it just needs one more patch.Again, one of my favorite games ever and still getting better. Survivalcraft and it's absolute finest.Please release A15... I know you wont until it is done. Could you send someone to knock me unconscious until it is done, I tried holding my breath, but here I am"
,Recommended,251570,25415710,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,(Omni) Erostego,"The people criticizing the amount of time this game has been in development have no clue how worth it the wait is, and how much time the devs need to make this game huge. It's already a great game, with well executed elements of Survival, RPG and FPS games combined into this one game. It has procedurally generated worlds, and a hand made map, named ""Navezgane"". It's massive. And the world is full of dnagers and obstacles. The amount of zombies is adjustable now, but soon the game will have a variable difficulty level that adjusts with the player's progress in the game. I'm upset that people are trying to rush the devs on developing the game, as the point of early access is to gain support through their development cycle. It's meant to be a backing to their work. And the people trying to rush the game out of the door aren't professional developers or real critics, they're just whiners."
76561198142749062,Not Recommended,251570,25733637,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,WarpedCommander,"Ok, lets get down to the truth. This game is a great game, it's complicated, it's strategic, and most of all, it's fun; however, there are a couple of things that completely ruin the online (pvp) gaming experience. There are things from idiotic exploits allowing players to bypass any sort of defense you may be setting or have set up, the easy anti cheat is literally a potato, and there are still a few bugs that force you to re-log and such. Normally an exploit such as duplicating is understandable in a crafting game still learning to walk, but the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t exploits people can use to bewidle hours of hard work is astounding. When I say that regardless of how you build it, your base can be exploited by other players, I mean it. Just the other day there was a player no-clipping through the map blasting people to kingdom. the easy anti cheat needs to be updated. the only way to avoid these hackers and exploiters is to join a server where an admin is always on and make sure the server is private."
76561198256527263,Recommended,251570,33255100,Posted: 4 July,all,ironfistorganics,"I've played the crap out of this game. Both on Xbox and Steam, it's incredible. Xbox is way buggier, but the PC version has come so far, and is going farther. It's progressed sooooo much since I first started checking it out. It was nearly unplayable when I first bought it, now it's probably the best zed game under $60. Bravo devs. Keep it up."
76561198076725643,Not Recommended,251570,11144273,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Cucky,"I know people are not going to agree with me but whatever. I bought this game during the summer sale thinking it would be a game that I would be able to sink alot of hours in. Well, I was wrong. I played this with my friends and it was ok-ish, but playing alone is like eating fire ants.The main problem I have is that trying to get loot is almost impossible. Lets say I just spawned and I want to loot this little town that I spawned by. I have no weapons at all. It also doesnt help that the game likes to spawn 1337 Billion zombies by all landmarks. Oh yeah, you thought that there were alot of zombies on the outside of the building? Wait till you go inside. There are so many zombies in each tight cramped little house it hard to get any loot  when you are being hit by zombies 100% of the time. Well then you might think, well guns in this game are really rare, so is the ammo. I could pick a whole town clean and find like 6 pistol rounds.Here is how I die. I spawn, walk along the main road and loot the cars and trash, avoid the town (reasons stated above) and when I have a good amount of food, water, and sometimes an axe. I go into a town to get better loot. Then die. There also there these zombie dogs that are really stupid. They run so much faster than you and will ♥♥♥♥ you up in seconds. The animations are really bad, and the graphics are not pretty to look at."
76561198080032466,Recommended,251570,33117297,Posted: 1 July,all,NSD Person5432,is this how i get stickers?
,Recommended,251570,24466156,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sinders90,I'm gonna be short with this reveiw but honoustly there is so much stuff in this game. They are having issues with mac but that is ok when you get in the game it is honoustly one of the best games you will ever play however playing with freinds is even more awesome. I suggest it if you want to play but may have freinds with you because the 7th night horde is gonna come up very fast and you will not be ready.
,Recommended,251570,23635470,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,madmightywhitey,"This game is all the things I love. Creative world, Zombies, and making it based on your own will.Watch my YouTube channel for Creepy Stories and gameplay.http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLo9fjfd4ZPdCiVdJ2pMU0bq4cmK2PtaSz"
76561198129378279,Recommended,251570,14602134,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lt Jack Meov,"Wow this is an awesome game peoples. I like the way you are left with lots of possibiilities Forging, killing, hunting, building, mining, foraging, planting and growing. It is the best by far. Loads of cool settings leaving the player to choose how the survivalworld is going to be. Get that thee and venisonstew. Blow a zombie's head clean off with that magnum. Build a fortress as big as you want.Amazing experience.My personal rating    8,7"
76561198088477302,Recommended,251570,29902338,Posted: 13 February,all,This be ken,I died
,Recommended,251570,26248211,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,PWNER,Best survival of 2016.
,Recommended,251570,12066422,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,The Dark Lark,This game is amazing in almost every aspect.Except for graphics. Oh the graphics.
76561198032714058,Not Recommended,251570,15192244,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,havoc_maine2126,before alpha 11 balance and game were fun. now no fun
76561198067165258,Recommended,251570,8067319,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,defbiscuits,"I love that the game tracks ammo by the numbers of mags instead of ammo. Reloading without an empty mag finally has its drawbacks. I would like to see a longer day/night cycle, but I am sure the devs will implement it some time."
76561197967458320,Recommended,251570,8073593,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,DeAdMeAt46,I do recommend this game. Have a dedicated server that me and a buddy play on. I really enjoy the game even though it is in alpha and I hope it just gets better as time goes on. If you want to know more about it send me a message I will be happy to explain anything about the game.
76561198110551784,Recommended,251570,8075537,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ThickD!ckRick,"Even tho this game is in its early stages It is lots of fun! I can spend hours playing on my own and with friends surviving, crafting, and looting! There are thousands of things you can do in this game!"
76561198011900541,Recommended,251570,8078529,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Triggerhappy insanity,"so far i like the game. i think the crafting list needs to be fixed or tuned because it hides crafting recipes to make room for others. also i am excited about the story mode i hope you guys ( the devs ) make it interesting and single play and co op friendly. i am not happy with the zombies spawning out of thin air or from around a blind corner. i believe the zombies should be drawn towards the player based on how long they stay in one place. also i like how they track and kill animals.that takes the heat a little off of the player when they explore. as for a gripe the only gripe i have right now is how easy it is for the zombies to find you. i turned the zombies off because the swarm me to easily when i start a new game or when i respawn. i dont have time to make weapons or loot. every time i spawn or try to loot i am up to my neck in zeds in less than five minutes.i understand this game in still in development ( thats why its called alpha ) i bought this game because i think it has alot of potential and i want to see it grow in story content, multiplayer content and gameplay. Thank you Developers for making this game."
76561198047922162,Recommended,251570,8081341,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,IronCrow,"Has allot of potential and even now in Alpha is an interesting experience. Has a bit of a price tag along with it which isn't the best and the game has many flaws at the moment (hopefully will be rectified soon) but the game is pretty fun. I would wait to get it till it's on sale or when they make some major fixes but if your really into a first person survival shooter in a minecraft like world filled with zombies, that are fun to kill, then throw caution to the wind and buy it. I first heard about the game when Simon and Lewis from the Yogscast palyed it, I would recommend watching some videos to see if it interests you. I was surprised at how customizable the game was, for example you can toggle how long a day cycle is, if the zombies run or not at night, or if there ar even any zombies at all which is pretty interesting. Hopefully you didn't blindly purchase it and you think it sucks, I was lucky since I'm enjoying my time with it."
76561197965202226,Recommended,251570,8081725,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,FML,"BE aware that this game is in Alpha But it has potential to be a great game! it is fun to play with friends. Just hope they fix the bugs before adding in more stuff. Would be great to get more type of guns AK M16 flamethrower ect. more traps like steel tip spikes or steel or wood spike wall for the climbers, better AI for the zombies. Food water weapon rarity spawn should be a option in the menu so players can have the option of how challanging they want it to be."
76561198026881882,Recommended,251570,8469958,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RangerRichard,"Neat Zombie survival game that is challenging alone and can be played as MMO with family and friends.  Graphics are decent, crafting is very neat, and combat is fun.  It is still under work so looking forward to improvements but nevertheless is a great game to play."
76561198042106563,Recommended,251570,8479851,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Goldey #Freebrax,"Very fun! Little lag problems and mouse sentitivity problems at the start, but nothing a little tweaking couldn't fix!"
76561198042063048,Recommended,251570,8485095,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Shikaru Blade,"Amazing game, well worth the buy. Especially for it being only in Alpha 5."
76561197982915692,Recommended,251570,8486450,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,brad_mo123,Amazing game! It's still in alpha so content is limited but the basics they have now are great and the future updates they have planned.... omg amazing.  A must play and better than Dayz or Rust for sure if you look at the planned updates.
76561198065015030,Recommended,251570,8565119,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Officer Nasty 69,i do reccomend this game to fans of day z minecraft or sandbox games in general it is good needs a little work but it is still under development so cant complain and it is great for a zombie game i definitely reccomend everybody to give it a try
76561197996064512,Recommended,251570,8572786,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CD,Only in Alpha right now so kinda glitchy.  That said this is the Zombie Survival game I have been waiting for.  Minecraft meets zombie apocalypse is the best way I can describe it.  Go out buy the Alpha and help support an extremely promising title..
76561198071548480,Recommended,251570,8574908,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SmileyFace215,Great game!
76561198008107853,Recommended,251570,8577906,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,garuda93,"Even in Alpha, this game gives a unique gameplay that will keep you on the edge of your chair.True survival experience, zombies are relentless, supplies scarced yet essential.You play how you want it to be played, either stock up food and water and hide in the attic, or dig down a shelter-bunker underground.This is one of the most unique games I've played since a long time.This Alpha concept-gameplay) is better than most zombies-survival games I've tried.Go watch some of the videos on Youtube if you want to get a feel of it.It is truely a promising game, and again even as an alpha, fully playable and enjoyable."
,Recommended,251570,8579924,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mystogan,This game is great. But i do admit the framerate is bad but its easy to fix. It is also a bit expensive but either way its a great game and worth the money. EDIT : they really changed the price so forget anything about expensive
76561198056430089,Recommended,251570,8585320,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hellagoth,"A verry interesting game it has some similarities to minecraft one being endless possibilities, the fact its still in alfa despite everything in the game already is mind blowing. the future developement of this game looks good and who knows what mods might come out in the future. It's a game worth more than it's price."
76561198006487013,Recommended,251570,8586713,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,branden77,"This game is great, there is so much you can do, if you like zombies, or minecraft, this is a game which you'll like."
76561198077634029,Recommended,251570,8611850,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,kurtferriday,This game is very good mainly towards minecraft and zombie survivalist players. However even if you are not a fan of minecraft it does not matter as it looks fantastic and is brilliant fun to play with friends
,Recommended,251570,10896904,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ptk2k5,awesome game considering its only in alpha. Tons of potential here!
76561197970510168,Recommended,251570,10921547,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,framnk,"While a bit buggy in this early state, this game has a lot of promise.  It has more of a you vs. zombie feel than DayZ which has become more of a PvP game with zombies thrown in the mix.  The crafting could use a bit of work, mainly to help you know what components are needed (there are some cryptic icons when you select a recipe but they don't have tooltips so you have to know by the image what you need)."
76561198026004344,Recommended,251570,11705439,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Vayneofhate,This is a good Zombie surivial game. Ive been playing his game since Alpha 5.4. The Graphics are greats as it the design and system of the game. There are a few glitches and bugs. But it is in Alpha stage right now. The new Soon comming of Alpha 9 is comming out as well. Although the couple of small flaws to the game. It will defintly let you have a good feel of the world filled with zombies in a first person perspective. Some of the bugs ive noticed so far is glitchy zombie dogs. and corners of building that will elevate you to the top. Im sure there other bugs i have yet to noticed but it does not take away from the fun of this game. Where you can build your own fort or castle or what ever your heart desires. It has that Minecraft element to it but dont' let that turn you from this game. Because this game surpass Minecraft by 1000 folds. and Who doesn't like blowing a hole in a wall or making a door for themselve at the police station hmm? So i do recomend this game cause it can sometimes get intenst.
76561198014528693,Not Recommended,251570,23879623,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Wowbagger,"Buggy as hell, haven't been able to play it for months, but they're still making it look better and add new features. It's supposed to support Mac, but it really doesn't."
,Recommended,251570,8051443,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,QvaserZver,"Очень интересная игра, много локаций, интересные режимы.Частые обновление, баги сведены к минимуму!"
76561198004352258,Recommended,251570,8058877,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,NerdyCoffaholic,This game on it's own has a huge learning curb. And you will die... A lot. But the game is quite good for being in Alpha. But it is pretty much a must to play with a friend who can have your back. Getting started without a team effort is such a pain but with others it is bearable. If your going to buy this game get it for a friend as well and play in a pair or more.
76561198069584704,Recommended,251570,8061178,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Lord Admiral Jerry,This is a really good game if you love to build forts and kill zombies!
,Recommended,251570,8069880,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,TheFoley,"Pretty intense game, once it hits night you better have a secure place to stay"
,Recommended,251570,8076072,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BigDreamer,"Even though the game is only in Alpha stage, I found it very addictive. I must have played it for 14 hours straight the first day. On my 3rd day of playing, I still haven't even explored the world, I just keep working on my fortification. I can't wait to see what updates are coming down the pipe!So far great game, even without any kind of story!"
76561198038752967,Recommended,251570,8076361,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Crimson Reaper,"The game as it sit's, is ok but needs work as said early stage.I would say when all said an done the game should only be $10-$19 the most.Only Problems I could see for the most part is it randomly crash's for no reson.It handels ok the building an such needs some work for the most part the basic's are there."
76561198060449207,Recommended,251570,8080518,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,MZG_Jam,i love this game but man night is way to hard... and the grass kills mebut i give this 10-10
76561198088566035,Recommended,251570,8099636,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Alpharius,FREAKING AWSOME
,Recommended,251570,8100254,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Azirin,"This game is a suprising find. Most will pass it by on the context that it is just another zombie game and not worth as much as they are asking for. Though I found something interesting about this. It is in early access but it feels more complete then any other zombie game out there. You don't get those little breaks in the game and every second you find yourself without a zombie to kill, you spend trying to fortify so you can make it through the night. I personally can't wait for updates because this game has my support.===================================================================So I last reviewed this game three years ago and I have to say, still a favorite. This game just updates enough over time and keeps everything as it should be. My group of friends and I play this on and off randomly, keeping this game as a staple over the years. With just enough creativity and more then enough looming doom, this game keeps it real."
76561198069376189,Recommended,251570,8379658,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[AHU] Joviz,"Buy this game it's amazing, it is still in the works but is worth all of your money. It's like Minecraft, Left 4 Dead, and COD all had a baby and this game is it."
,Recommended,251570,8434737,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mr_Sun_,NEED LAN GAMEMODE!!!!!!
,Recommended,251570,8485600,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Robro,......... do i even need to write anything
,Recommended,251570,8487405,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Fluffanutter,"If you like the survival Horror Genre and Voxel games you will love this game. I personally enjoy it, but without a group playing with me it starts to wear my nerves more then a little thin and the sound leaves me jumpy and wired. So if yo uare into that kind of thing go for it. If not, well this is probably not for you. The feeling of isolation is extreme."
,Recommended,251570,8488866,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SugMiHoff,I do Like and recommend this game. But it needs works and time before you should pay around 30 american bucks into it. As I said at the start of this review I like the game and I think any fan of Minecraft will like this game. The zombies work well most of the time and building a fort they can't breakdown is hard work. Just wait until a full game is out or a price drop to buy this game.
76561198046204559,Recommended,251570,8496048,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LIGHTBULB,i like it but the online server sucks
76561198032449996,Recommended,251570,8519251,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DVDA Suicidalslinky,"7 Days to Die has an extremely bright future. The potential a game like this possesses is huge, as has been shown by it’s growing popularity. With more features in development and planned, 7 Days to Die will without a doubt become one of the biggest zombie games, and is well worth the $35 it is currently available for."
,Recommended,251570,8544083,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SirCoquenballs,"This game was very okay. I like a lot of the gameplay mechanics such as a distructable world and crafting, and I like the range of options it gives you when setting up a game, but the one part of this game that killed the experience for me was the lag.For a game whose graphics remind me of the original Half Life, the game can run extreamely slow. Even on the lowest settings I  would get lag spikes that would put me at 4-5fps. I had fun, but I would urge caution when buying."
76561198068891239,Recommended,251570,8562950,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Darth Plagueis The Wise,"For an alpha game this game is pretty well developed. Remember though, IT'S AN ALPHA. People are saying some things are just copy and pasted. They are, but if you're truly worried about that why don't you just stop gaming because that's what they do in almost every game. Just Cause 2, Skyrim, Assassin's Creed. It's all just copy and pasted. This game is particularly difficult to play alone not only because it's terrifying, but also because it's easy to get overrun at night. I see a lot of potential in this game and it's really revolutionary. This game is a lot of things you want in a zombie game. Open world, base defense, crafting and harvesting, and above all, just surviving off of food and water. It's realistic and that's what you want in a game. They plan to add stealth factors and they also haven't added a skill system to it just yet, but so far it's a really fun multiplayer game. I'd be happy to answer any other questions you have about the game if you want to PM me. 8.5/10 for an alpha.EDIT: I just thought people might want to see my specs. It runs pretty well on the default graphics it was set to with:CPU: i5 3210m @ 2.50 GHzGPU: Intel(R) HD Graphics 4000RAM: 6 GigsOS: Windows 7 Home Premium"
76561198054623934,Recommended,251570,8563848,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Thats Solid Bro,"I recommend this game to all players. If you like creativity or killing demons, this game is for you. I bought this game a few weeks ago and personally I can not stop playing it. There is so much to do in this game. You could create your own world or join a server and have fun playing with people around the world. I am not saying this is the best game but that is because it is still under development, only then will I give my final rating, but for now it lies around 6/10. Most people would say 'Don't buy this game not worth the money.' But I believe it is worth the money. If the game finally became complete and the gameplay was just incredible, the price might go up. But that's just my opinion. I personally love these types of games, especially when they combine to types into one."
,Recommended,251570,8564071,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Spotter,"For those who enjoy Minecraft, Terraria, Day Z, Left 4 Dead, and Dead Island, this game brings a great blend of all such games. Though it's only in its Alpha stage, it already had a broad range for its gameplay.At its default, you really feel like you're fighting to survive in a post-apocalyptic world with Minecraft powers. Unlike games like Day Z, these zombies come in a large variety and run only in darkness, making night time truly frightening.Most other zombie games I've played allow zombie to break through preset areas, but in 7D2D, zombies can literally attack you from every angle and break through every defense with enough time.Even if you're well protected in a solid underground bunker, it's unsettling and down-right creepy how quickly the zombies arrive at your door at night, and how loudly the make their presence known while trying to smash their way in.Thankfully, it's not just the walls that keep the zombies away; 7D2D grants you the ability to craft a wide variety of defenses and basic necessities to survive, all from cooked food and beds to shotguns and spike pits.My main problem with this game is just how buggy it can be, but I understand it's still just in its Alpha phase, so that's easy to forgive."
,Recommended,251570,8565263,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,GronKal,"Hectic, tense, and sometimes pretty funny.It hooked me while i was running around scavenging for food and water, this game became quite addictive making me want to play more and more to se what i could do and see.The graphics are at times not the best but certanly not the worst. not the biggest of worlds but after all this is only alpha, still fun to play though."
76561198095053811,Recommended,251570,11736014,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Turd Bucket 95,this game is awesome you should get it :D
,Recommended,251570,8086989,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Stormtrooper133,"Pretty good, decent mix of Dayz and Minecraft"
,Recommended,251570,8112696,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,State-Run Libertarianism,"By far the best zombie game I've played, hands-down.Take 28 Days Later, mix it with Minecraft's open-world and add in the fortress-building formula, and you've got 7 Days to Die.Best of all, it goes against the tradition begun by DayZ; rather than killing one another, the preferred method is almost always cooperation against the hordes of the undead.If you're looking for a team-based Minecraft-esque survival horror, this is your game."
,Recommended,251570,8439306,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Regentsea,"One of the better Early Access titles on Steam at the moment. Even without the end-game content that's still being worked on, this game will keep you entertained for hours upon hours, especially once you get yourself situation in an actual base. The crafting and digging systems are very reminiscent of Minecraft and will get your interest right away. The physics are still wonky, as is to be expected in an Alpha title (Some buildings will remain floating when you destroy the bases of them). Or you can play the game like a flat-out action zombie FPS and mow down hordes of them with your scavenged supplies. The game is already great and I can only see it going up from here. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,251570,8482759,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,tehg0ph,"Definitely worth playing with other people. By yourself can be a bit of a challenge but once you get the hang of it, you'll survive :PAnd another note...DON'T UNDERESTIMATE THE ZOMBIES!"
76561197993597587,Recommended,251570,8558569,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Yammo,"As of 2014-01-04+ A very promising cross between DayZ and Minecraft+ Solid engine+ Surprisingly good graphics for an Alpha+ Most basic functionality exists- World is not yet(?) randomly generated- Amount of craftable items is currently a bit low, (will likely increase greatly)- Some things, (like setting up a farm), are a bit unintuitive- Except for farms, there are presently no form of automation/triggeringUnless you are a fan of survival games and wish to support a very promisingaddition to the genre, I would recommend holding off purchasing another6 months. The €32 is a bit steep for what currently exists, unless you keepin mind you are supporting the continued production of the title. I am kindof exited to see what this rough diamond might one day become."
,Recommended,251570,8620452,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,hexploitation,"Great fun, even though its still in alpha it doesnt feel like it.Plenty of potential, the devs have done a great job so far, eagerly waiting to see what they add next!"
76561198021754789,Recommended,251570,8625601,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,GanjaLaky,Nice game
76561198044970779,Recommended,251570,8646976,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Isileth,Absolutely brilliant! And it's still in Alpha phase.... Cannot wait to get the full release and play with some friends.
,Recommended,251570,8651973,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,AlainTheWise,"Pros: This game is fun and you can build anywhere, anything you see on the map is breakable, for a sandbox game they did a very goodjob not making the ""break anything"" aspect ruin how they want the game to look. They have awesome updates that there planning to do, my favorite one am looking forward to is looking for car pieces then assebling a car out of your pieces and being able to ride around in the apocalyptic zombie world.Cons: You will find alot of bugs while playing like the zombie dog spinning around when it comes to attack you but that normal for a alpha game. What really bugs me is how over priced they made this game for a alpha version, this game ""will"" have alot of amazing stuff but at this moment it wouldnt be worth the price that they put. Later this game will be amazing and am looking forward for that but for now its a waiting process.My rating would be 7.5/10"
,Recommended,251570,8660200,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BillyTheBunny,"Edit: My previous review was a little critical, but now the game is making some decent progress. Still, $24.99 is a slap to the face of those who paid $35 AND helped with the kickstarter, we should be reinbersed in some small way, even a specal weapon download key in beta or something. Doesn't have to be something big. Half the features in the trailer made on alpha 5 still arent in alpha 6!! Do not buy this game based on the trailer. It has given me hours of fun and has the potential to surpass any other open world zombie game. Updates are slow, graphics are sloppy, ai is mental, and price is sky high, but hop on with a friend and play for a few hours, It'll be worth it if you like Minecraft and ""REALISTIC"" Zombies. Not trying to slander the Pimps, just trying to give an honest review to my fellow gamers."
,Recommended,251570,8663069,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mlgracecardriver,"I recommend this game to everyone that is willing to pay, It has the spice of Minecraft with guns. Even if you turned off Zombie spawning It would be a Minecraft with better graphics. I seriously recommend this to everyone."
,Recommended,251570,8893767,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tomz,"As many people have said, it's main description is ""If Minecraft and DayZ had a baby, then that baby attacked you."" Except, Amazing crafting system and physics system (I lovvvveeee the collapsing blocks feature.) and not kind of childish looking like Minecraft looks like. Oh and the zombies go from Dawn of the Dead at day to World War Z at night."
76561198019296895,Recommended,251570,9062259,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,COWDOG,I have nothing to do in my life so i am going to say... BUY THIS GAME! maybeWhy dosn`t this Game Work :(
,Recommended,251570,9085154,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Xele,A cross between DayZ and minecraft hella zombie fun who could want more cant wait to see what the devs come out with next for this!!
76561198074026636,Recommended,251570,10628277,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Krusnik,"Balance between Rust/DayZ and Minecraft with refined crafting and zombies, 10/10 would dig a massive traphole to bait the zombie horde into."
76561197979876641,Recommended,251570,10787668,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,baguvixXx,"Még kicsit kezdetleges stádiumban van, de már most is nagyon élvezhető. Ajánlom minden zombi fannak."
,Recommended,251570,32654835,Posted: 22 June,all,Fosfor,-I have 6435254245 ping.-Sad I have 3252354 ping (:
76561198038890226,Recommended,251570,8110095,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Andysav,Ye fun game im enjoying
76561198119485027,Recommended,251570,12932167,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,R Kelly,like skyrim with ebola
76561197972091657,Recommended,251570,10893415,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rhia,"Already fantastic fun and only Alpha stage, if you are a fan of Zombies and Open World Sanbox builders, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,251570,10929891,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nilfiem,"Waste of time, money, and storage. Not fun, won't reccomend it to anyone looking for a good game."
76561198042332141,Recommended,251570,11631480,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MadAndronicus,This game is coo too.
,Recommended,251570,11734707,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,iAmTylerC,I sucker punched a deer in the face 10/10
76561198151206232,Not Recommended,251570,15192104,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dayman,"This game was a lot of fun. But then the new 11 update they were bragging about came out and...The game became unplayable. Yes it looks prettier now and since it is Alpha I know it is a work in progress, but it feels more like a step down than up.Half the controls don't do what they say they'll do. Bugs and glitches can break your bones or kill you for just walking in the wrong spot. And 70% of people (myself included) are suffering from insane amounts of lag.The game itself is really solid. Like I said I did enjoy it before the update and once it is fully finished if they do it right it should easily be worth the money. But until then if you buy this don't expect to actually ""play"" anything cause it is currently more trouble than it is worth.(Also I should mention that multiplayer may as well be down at time of writting this. You can technically access it but a server will quit and reset every time one person leaves it. Though they are working on that problem I know.)"
,Recommended,251570,8533645,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rocket Man,meh
,Recommended,251570,8563437,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,████,"Once this is stable I can see myself getting into triple digets for hours played, in terms of zombie survival games this is the basically one I've been wanting since I found out about zombies as a child."
76561198027254993,Recommended,251570,8565451,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,VanillaCream,I purchased this game not really knowing anything about it. The trailer and some of the good reviews got me interested. I have to say I love the game. It's an early access and there are some bugs. But for being an Alpha build it's pretty fluid. Most bugs are things you may find in AAA sandbox games. All in all I'm happy with the game and can't wait to see how it turns out when complete.
76561198047473949,Recommended,251570,8576642,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rickstar,"This game is very addictive the game has wonder ful graphics I would play this every day plus its got simple recipes to make tools and weapons. nice choice of weapons to used for collecting resources or killing zombie hopefully they update the game to have more vartity weapons . theres only some bugs what I had to deal with I can,t cook anything and I always notice the zombie dogs fly up in the air and come back down to attack me but I enjoyed this game I don,t really care about the slow updating but I would like to see drivable vehicles  and  more maps to play on  please but i will give this game A++ and 9/10  for early access cause it already feels like a full game too me. kep up the awsome job guys.update 2015 7 days to day is addtive game still and i like the new updates but its coming a bit hard to start a new game i love the bears they can kill but it seems that its becoming abit too realistic but I still feel that 7 days to die is a good game I hope to see realistic zombies or  advance AI coming soon that well be great also the bike is a nice touch plus new ammo for bow nice hopefully this game continues to amaze  Me  keep up the good job guys.update 2016 still a great game but there are a few things need to be fixed falling though the world some of the world missing when playing the loot being low but its still awsome i still get the smooth performance i used to get from the 1st version i love the new npc traders including the vending machines a very nice touch i can,t wait until npc gaurds or more npcs are release i can,t wait thank you guys/girls for the awsome work."
76561198046959526,Recommended,251570,8626973,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,It's ya boi Katata Fish,"Lot's of glitchs and can't connect to my friends when playing multiplayer with them, the framerate is terrible no matter what computer you have. Although the fun gameplay and crafting makes up for it sometimes."
76561197960567502,Recommended,251570,8682282,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hrvatsko,Best zombie survival game I've played to date.  You can actually work easily with friends (or solo) to build defense and survive the zombies.  Open world gives many options and dangers.  Being able to build (minecraft style) means you get to do one of the few things that sets humans apart from almost all other forms of known life: modify your environment!
,Recommended,251570,8871978,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Echo3-20,"It is a very fun interesting game, mostly for people who like the sound of zombies knocking down your house."
,Recommended,251570,8905304,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,karhn,"Brilliant game, had loads 0f fun playing 10/10"
76561198121000640,Recommended,251570,9065018,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Μουνοβοσκος,"Great game I think its better than minecraft,the zombie AI is excellent and you never feel safe they will always find a way to get in your house so you have to be ready all the time,there are physics.Of course it is not ready they will add new locations guns maybe uprgade the crafting system[which by the way is amazing] so a lot of new things coming up I cannot wait.But there are 2 huge negatives at least for me,1 i cannot connect to another player server[that problem may be caused by my internet connection though] and the price of 30-35 dollars or euros,Igot it for 20euros in a sale and that solves the problem and thats a problem i see a lot that the price is not reasonable and i agree.Overall its a great game and you should buy it"
,Recommended,251570,9072504,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,CHAOSQUALL,"Really good for a Early access game, The UI needs more work and a few other mechanics need improving such as zombie ai and movments but I think they will get there."
,Recommended,251570,10653779,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,VeronicaSlayer,A kick♥♥♥♥♥combination of MInecraft and Day Z. This game will hopefully be amazing once it's fully developed. It really comes into its own in multiplayer and cooperation and careful stratergy makes for a really fun team gaming experience.
,Recommended,251570,10659422,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mixel,Dev keeping add content to game. It going better and better.
76561198018661016,Recommended,251570,10662253,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Trath_A,Lots of fun  wish I had more of a group to enjoy it with.  Updates constantly and each patch makes it better IMO.  Seems a bit more on rails than say Rust  but solidly enjoyable with some understandable early access frustrations.
76561198105199573,Recommended,251570,10692273,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,notyoboy123,good game
,Recommended,251570,11705942,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Hαze ( Birthday),10/10
76561198054448562,Recommended,251570,10613126,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,zK Sosa,Terrible
76561198068079580,Recommended,251570,10615069,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dibgame,"My old review was made a long time ago when the game was buggy af.Now after about 2-3 years i can make a better comment.The devs are adding a lot of content which is great but i feel that the content in the game needs attention such as art (UV maps are glitched in some objects) and also mechanics as during the game every 7 days a blood moon will spawn a hoard of zombies but in the current state of the game without a dedicated server its near impossible to play on a friends file during the moon as it causes insanely high ping.Overal game is still buggy af but slightly less than before, does that make it a bad game? No.Its a goof and a laugh and still tons of fun to play with friends if your willing to take the game with a grains of salt.7/10"
76561198027444268,Recommended,251570,10615838,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Terzenta,So far a great game. Really can't wait until it is finished. Plays great and it is only in alpha.
,Recommended,251570,10634199,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Solace,"Pretty solid for an Alpha. With the voxel based graphics, I honestly thought the environment would be randomly generated, but the area you get is what you get. You can get a lot of fun gameplay out of it, but once you've explored everything, you've explored everything. But again, Alpha. Still recommended :)"
76561198041484315,Recommended,251570,10651983,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chickles,heaps fun! hell scary at night though lol
76561197970586586,Not Recommended,251570,10714334,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,paul,"Has so much promise but sadly is a long way from delivering, the multiplyer game isn't bad if you're helped by other players. The single player experience is tedious and boring owning to craftable items needing elements that are usually the other side of the map and in getting there the temptation to try and take on zombies whilst not properly equiped usually wins but only rewarding you with death. I've learnt my lesson never pay 10 quid or more on an early access game.  I pray this game improves but until then I'd avoid this unless its on sale."
76561198042057290,Not Recommended,251570,10756305,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chexican,"*MAC PLAYERS BEWARE*I really wish I could Recommend this game, I really do but the game is very laggy, unresponisve, crashing, and little to no FPS for the mac. Its disappointing to know that the devs don't really seem to care about the mac version more so the windows. But again this is still in ALPHA stage. The mac community is upset because many paid $35 or $25 depending where they bought it for an Unplayable game. If you are a Mac gamer and want to buy this game, I would def stay away from this game. It could be days, weeks, months, years before they fix it for mac."
23548845451212544,Not Recommended,251570,10779086,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,-Jaccob™,I know its still in beta but the graphics on this game are kinda bad... This game feels like the cheap version of WarZ
76561198072112346,Not Recommended,251570,10837450,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spermy,"It used to be so fun to play... After that patch, everything sucked. The design of the ground may look a little better but it lost it has lost points on how you build or dig under ground."
76561198105238260,Recommended,251570,10858426,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AthenaP7269,"I've spent hundred of hours on this game and still can't get enough.  You can play anyway you want, really extending replay value.  Every new patch brings exciting fun stuff to play with.  Highly recommended"
,Recommended,251570,10887488,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JackFunk,"First off.  This is an early access game, but it is in solid shape.  The features that are there work well.Now, to the gameplay.  This is a survival game and it is tough, but fair.  You will die.  Often at first.  Exploration is necessary, as you need food, water and weapons.  The map is large and varied enough to make exploration interesting.  The combat is straight forward and reasonably challenging, but not overwhelming.  The crafting system is great.  There are a large variety of items that you can craft, from weapons to storage and building components.  You can build structures from a number of materials and construct many different defensive items.  You can mine for resources and use a forge to refine these into crafing materials.It is a lot of fun to play cooperatively.  My son and I have been building up an outpost, fending off zombies, and experimenting with the crafting system.  Once you really start crafting, the game becomes a lot more fun and the zombies much easier to deal with.As the game stands today, it is worth picking up.  I look forward to future updates that add even more features."
,Recommended,251570,10956637,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CMDR Forsamori,"Playing on a PVP server. First 40 minutes of the game I've played. Scavenged, found some guns, headed to the town. Avoided the zombies, heard some gunshots. Terrified I made my way closer. Then I heard foot steps... and screams. NOPE. Panicked and ran out into the open. Shot 3 times, hid in a ditch then died when I tried to escape.Needless to say I shan't be sleeping tonight...10/10 would cower and scream again"
76561198047848356,Recommended,251570,11706975,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Captain Griffin (The Fish),great game
76561197979843174,Recommended,251570,11711659,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Sitting Duck,"It´s fun, i spend a lot of time in it, it´s still not finished , but fully playable without big problems in Alpha 8 and the team is making progess. If you have fun building your base buy it. If you are looking mainly for a shooter, thats not the best Zombieshooter.UpdateA year later, It gets better and better, in game mechaniks and the looks are getting so good.The alpha 8 video is so outdated.A survival horde crafting game... and by crafting is a huge freedom in digging and building your way with tons of differend blocks. Craft your buildings realy minecraft style block by block. And dig it! be a mad mole and mine your perfect hideout into the landscape. Still no strait shooter, PVP is more breaking in enemy bases at night, and rarely stunning shootouts. Shootouts can happen, but it´s much more how to hide your base, how to find the enemys, and how to break in the best way.If you like lego and Zombies... get it now. Still alpha? No Problem, because its full playable and with each update it feels a little bit like having a new game ^^"
76561198066078891,Recommended,251570,11713853,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SerendipitousSquirell,"This game has a long way to go with lots of things to add but I cant tell its my one of my favorite steam games that ive ever played. People might say ""Its just a rip off version of dayz"" but its really not. when you look at the trailer it may look like a ripoff version of dayz or some stupid game like minecraft but when you play it you dont want to stop. For the most part the community is great. You get people working together to build castles, bases, skyscrapers even. Then on pvp you get small teams of people that are almost like warlords of there biome and will shoot on  sight. The crafting system is simple but not to simple (you cant make a chainsaw with a piece of metal and a blade). The game has (or will have in its next update) randomly generated worlds (including citys). The guns on it are pretty effective. Looting in the game also very good. You dont fins an smg in a purse but you could maybe find a knife. Unlike some games you have to read books that you find to learn to craft somethings such as 44 magnum ammo (which is a ♥♥♥♥♥). This game is a very good game and i highly recommend it."
76561198027143256,Recommended,251570,11715140,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,goldenicestorm,great game but the memery leak issues that 32 bit users have takes alot away from the game
76561198113002587,Recommended,251570,11717311,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Plank,Great Game Good Job guys at Fun Pimps for this great game.
76561198044860907,Not Recommended,251570,12061213,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Red-Hot-Hennessy,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i found some blue-berry pie and the zombies got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste of time. waste of money. Waste of my friends money. And ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Thanks Pimps. Suck me off next station... tysincerly buckling joe♥♥♥♥ u
76561198001635355,Recommended,251570,18850381,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ardy Em of Astora,"I LOVE IT SO MUCH.  I OWN ALMOST EVERY SURVIVAL GAME ON STEAM AND FINALLY WE HAVE ONE WHERE THE ENVIROMENT IS JUST AS BIG OF A PROBLEM AS PLAYERS, IF NOT WORSE..  THIS IS IN ALL CAPS BECUASE IM SPRINTING TO THE RANDOMLY GENERATED TOWN TO FIND FOOD BEFORE I DIE... GOOD LUCK OUT THERE, AND REMEM-*thud**from 200 meters away*""Think we got the raving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Joe?""""Glarghhhhh""""I really need to stop keeping Walkers as pets..."""
76561198086151287,Recommended,251570,18857418,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Nimbus Man CSGO500 csgoroll.com,itc gud ai bui
76561198247381044,Recommended,251570,18878824,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Aprogie,died from running into cactus.would run into cactus again10/10
,Recommended,251570,18898781,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wildbreath,"Awesome game I really love it, my friends and I can play this for hours straight. its a bit hard to get into at first, it just throws you in and confuses you but it gets really fun once you figure things out."
,Recommended,251570,18899960,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,☣Plague Incarnate☣,HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
76561198113776186,Recommended,251570,18943735,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Cipher,Is like super mario with zombies and guns 10/10
76561198141982189,Recommended,251570,18994154,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,dreamersmind,"Quick comment after playing alpha 13 for the past oh.... four hours or so.THANK YOU!Even with my sneaky ""make crafting quicker and chopping faster and less zombies attacking so I can explore and craft and such"" settings, The game is super challenging. I have to seriously think what i'm going to do and if it's worth doing, if I'm going to overheat or if I have enough water to keep from passing out, will I make it back to the house without dying? In my opinion this was exactly what the game needed. I'm striving to get better at each skill and working hard just to make it day to day. I couldn't be more pleased with the update.However... quick comment for the future.. could we please find a quick way to slap on our clothes after we die? I hate coming back to my bag and having to try to quickly redress while my bag was already full while a zombie is chasing me around in circles in my underpants like a deranged scene from ZombieLand.... course.. it does make it more challenging.."
,Recommended,251570,19230470,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KirsT,"Playing it solo can get quite stale, but with a friend / friends is really fun, until you get good fortification around your building and good weapons, if you can play this with friends i still would reccommend it."
76561198015957232,Recommended,251570,19302081,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Darkchino,"So my last review was during early access and I was not impressed but then I got skull ♥♥♥♥ed and all of a sudden this game is sick. I have not stopped playing even after my ♥♥♥♥♥ fit and I retract my earlier crap to say this game is fricken awesome. Thank you so much for this game keep going please, I cant wait for Alpha 13 it looks sweet. I recommend this game to anyone wanting a Minecraft with Zombie experience. FYI I have convinced 3 ppl to buy this game and they are all enjoying it so this review counts as 3 +."
,Not Recommended,251570,22734938,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Firestorm258,Wish there was a way to go back to the older versions. The game has become more laggy and buggy. Less fun to play and you die very fast because zombies kill you from farther than you can hit them. Older versions were Amazing and wish I could go back to them. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT IS NOT WORTH IT ANYMORE.
76561198024225447,Recommended,251570,18869519,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lenmark,"Sure, this game has its issues. Sometimes you might die from things that you cant see, or maybe the pig that you were stalking through the weeds disapears after you sink five arrows into it. However, Seven Days To Die belongs to that rare species of game in which you log in, and suddenly wonder where the hours have gone. It is frustrating, but in the most beautiful of ways.Sit back, Log in, and watch your best laid plans be burnt to ashes by your lovely feral neighbours."
,Recommended,251570,19029044,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,<PB>Contractkiller,this was a wast of money cant even play a solo game
,Recommended,251570,19184844,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,"This game is a lot of fun, but hard as balls. I would still recommend it to anyone with above 20 IQ, because it is a freaking fantastic game. The looting is fun, the exploring is amazing, the combat is aight, sneaking is really annoying but worth it, the graphics are funny, and last but not least they have a d i l d o statue in the center of the hospital."
76561198130564784,Recommended,251570,19277545,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ShockLockBarrel,"This is the best game I have everplayed hands down. It has a very deep crafting system so if you love minecraft, A.R.K., and zombies then you will love this game. The Fun Pimps are very active with their community frequently giving updates about the games progress herehttp://joelhuenink.tumblr.com/.The Fun Pimps definetly listen to the communities suggestions and concerns. In alpha 16 they will be impleminting electricty which will make the game so much better for pve and pvp."
76561198037892008,Recommended,251570,19339751,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,33wabn35t,"I like the path they are taking with the design, going to be great to see what they come up with in the future."
76561198034171721,Recommended,251570,18944048,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The Corgi Pupper,"I spawned in the world. I made an axe. I broke it trying to cut down my first tree. I made another axe. I cut down the tree. It fell over on top of me and I died.8/10 Lethal Lumberjack Simulator(No but honestly it's a fun, incomplete game. It'll be even better once it's complete, I think.)"
76561198071569162,Recommended,251570,23675673,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MustacheSlayer,it's ok I guess... not bad not great like 3/5
,Recommended,251570,34228291,Posted: 13 August,all,jdwashere,Open world exploring. Lots of pickupable items. A little buggy. Nighttime sucks if you don't have a light or find some place secure fast. Overall i like the game but not my favorite.
,Recommended,251570,34703864,Posted: 2 September,all,xEagleshot,Great game.
,Not Recommended,251570,10735956,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DevilishTryHard,"Couldn't access the 64-bit installment. The 32-bit was laggy, low quality graphics. Player morale mostly crude offensive behavior to all creeds, races, and sexes. Gameplay was flawed at most - the video trailers for it made the game more appealing than the actual game turned out to be."
,Recommended,251570,32321018,Posted: 10 June,all,Forcenetix,"yes, i like it... please add more stuff!!!"
76561198001224309,Not Recommended,251570,33995028,Posted: 3 August,all,TeddyUK,"the game worked fine for ages. zero problems. now i start a game put a good few hours into it in one sitting, try to start it up again the next day... and nothing. crashes. total waste of time playing it. ill be seeking a refund"
76561198032612099,Not Recommended,251570,33996624,Posted: 3 August,all,liahim116,the game is crashing on 64 bit.it will work ok on 32 bit.but is ugly and work verry hardi have an i7 and nvidia 1060 and still work badgood idea this game but bad inplemantation
,Recommended,251570,24782266,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Purps™,"So, first thing to get out of the way: I originally bought this game sometime in late 2014 or early 2015, a two pack for me and my bud, a process I call ""Forty Dollarsing"" where I buy into volatile online early access games for ♥♥♥♥♥ 'n giggles, named that way because most of them tend to be in the $20 price range.Most of the time I regret these purchases, but 2015 era 7 Days was the first one with so few redeeming qualities that I didn't even hit the refund timelimit. I refunded the game (and the gift copy, which is awkward to do), bought a CS:GO M4A4 skin and named it ""I refunded 7Days2die"". I still have the skin.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=740128502I had the opportunity to try it again recently, having heard from a few sources that it'd been improved significantly, and immediately dumped around 9 hours on one session (on a different account to this one). The game is by no means perfect, it still has ups and downs, but it's definitely fun now. It performs around 400% better, the visuals are several times less likely to cause eye cancer and the progression and base building is addictive.There's a decent amount of things to commend the game for, but here's one that stands out against the slew of crap multi zombie survival games since Dayz: Fighting the AI doesn't suck ass. Yes, unlike multi-million selling titles Dayz and H1Z1, a modicum of effort was put into the melee combat portion of a game full of melee enemies. Rather than being lagmonsters that glide at you, deal damage and don't react to anything the zombies here actually react to where they're being hit, have actual attack hitboxes and serve as an actual obstacle in PvE beyond just being an annoyance. Thank ♥♥♥♥ing god. They're also numerous enough to be a threat (imagine that in a zombie game) and make clearing/exploring both the procgenned and prebuilt environments much more entertaining. They're the keystone of the experience that makes it more than just Minecraft with guns, turning it into the sort of game where you do everything with purpose: Building a cool fort not just because it looks cool, but also because it fills worthwhile ""Cool fort"" related functions like helping you not get torn to pieces.There's timesinks: games that you can put a lot of time into. Stuff like The Elder Scrolls and The Witcher.And then there's TimeS U C Cs: games that will absolutely suck you in and eat up all of your time. 7 Days to Die is a TimeS U C C."
76561198202794394,Recommended,251570,34803700,Posted: 7 September,all,Don't Touch Me I'm Christian,"Good with friends, sucks alone."
,Recommended,251570,13299089,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MisterPete,"This game is way more fun than I was expecting, have already sunk it quite a few hours.  It's in a very playable state despite it being an alpha, wouldn't be disappointed even if this was the final state. Just a few minor bugs/annoyances mostly to do with inventory management.The simplest way to describe it is DayZ meets Minecraft but it is more realistic than Minecraft and less emphasis on weapons as DayZ. It's more about building up a base you can defend and getting your crafting up and running so that you can provide yourself with a steady source of food and water which are very important. In other words it is about survival with the constant threat of zombies.  Still a lot of fun to play even if you don't have the threat of other players and just play alone or co-op.The combat itself is not very deep.  Melee combat involves moving in to take a swipe with your crafted crude club or your sledgehammer and then backing out of range before the zombie lands a hit.  Rinse and repeat.  Still, it is pretty satisfying to head-shot a zombie with a crossbow bolt or a bullet from your rifle.  Weapons and ammo can be found or crafted.During the day zombies walk slowly and are not to difficult to avoid. At night you had better find refuge as the zombies start running and becoming more aggressive.  They will attempt to attack your home and knock the walls down so you are never truly safe.One nice touch is that when you are playing single player or running your own server you can configure quite a few options such as the number of zombies, amount of loot, length of night, whether the zombies run at night/day/neither, etc.Will you focus on building your own home and crafting or venture out and break into abandoned homes and loot them for goods? The choice is yours and will likely be a combination of the two.  You might even decide to take one of those abandoned homes as your own, reinforcing the windows and doors to withstand an attack.Lots of fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,251570,13338618,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Autism2k Cs.Money,I love this game minecraft+Dayz
76561198094171484,Not Recommended,251570,34738893,Posted: 4 September,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"7 days to die is a very fun game you can get many hours out of it because how much conent it has and the ""7 day hord"" keeps you wanting to play till next hord.For the many bugs and i mean MANY bugs i do not recomend this game untill they have polished it a little more, some and most of the bugs can just ruin many hours of game play. The bugs can range from not being able to open chests for a minute too the entire world setting back to day 1 and half the map has currupted chunks and mind you this game has been out for 4 years and there are more bugs then there is content to playPros:-Decent ammount of content that makes you want to keep playing-Active dev team that updates the game casualy (Adding more content not fixing bugs)-Multiplayer-""Ok"" priceCons:-Many bugs that can ruin your experience very fast-bugs-bugs-bugs-bugs-And many more bugsPlease dont buy this game untill they fix there shiz"
76561198003006531,Not Recommended,251570,34580020,Posted: 29 August,all,Wargazim,DO NOT get this game for console. For the second time half my base has gone missing with land and half my base/building being restored to day 1. This thing is no where near ready for release. Save yourself the anger and wasted time
,Not Recommended,251570,25735452,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Jillthanor,3 years in development and still in alpha...
76561198079939370,Recommended,251570,25936985,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Raggie,"It's amazingly addictive. Whenever I start playing, I end up sitting for hours. Played it for 6.5 hours straight today. When I first got the game it was so different in comparison to now. They've made so many updates, and are constantly improving the game, which I love. I haven't seen any other game have this many updates (But then again I haven't played all that many games).I'll definitely recommend this game. I've never regretted buying it. n.n"
76561198017612116,Recommended,251570,18588231,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,virtualsalvation,"If you enjoy survival crafting games you will most likely enjoy this one.* Mining: Mine, harvest or scavenge materials to craft stuff. Chop trees, mine below ground, break rocks.* Crafting: Craft tools, weapons, food or building materials. You can even craft a minibike with some effort.* Survival: Hunger, thirst and of course Zombies. Weather survival also coming in the next release.* Building: Build small shelters or huge bases above and below ground. Not like MC since there is structural integrity (SI) so you can't build something that would fall down in real life.* Multiplayer: Play on PVE or PVP servers. There are griefers on both but not as many as Rust or some other games. On PVP it is pretty much fair game, however on PVE it is pretty lame. From my experience it is not as bad as Rust or some other games in this genre.* Community: Active community playing and discussing the game. Devs are also active on the boards but not everyone likes everything they have to say. Most of the complaints are from people who don't feel ""heard"" or feel a response was rude although they seem far more active than most games though and respond to many questions or comments.* Audience: This game is targeted more at the 20-60yr old crowd. Mature content and not much tolerance for script kiddies or hackers. Exploits are patched fairly often and hackers are frequently banned.I do highly recommend this game but it could change significantly like any EA game. I already have gotten my money's worth many times over and every release has improved things but you never know. That said, if you like survival crafting games this one is definitely at or near the top. For zombie survival games it is hands-down the best. Just look at how many hours people have played (including those that gave negative reviews). It is addicting and those hours are not becaue you have to put in that much, but because you want to."
76561198146416699,Not Recommended,251570,25044112,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheLegend420,"The new 14.7 update doesnt work for Mac,  When I try to create a new game it freezes when it gets to the loading screen,  I hope anyone can help me with this problem."
,Not Recommended,251570,25119271,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,becca_22,Still crashing on Mac...
76561198312905754,Recommended,251570,25578246,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,tJWelb,"Great game except for one very very frustrating bug. It freezes on the ""Building Environment"" screen which keeps me from getting to play. Please please please fix this bug. Otherwise would highly recommend."
76561198030534463,Recommended,251570,25585023,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,sir_linpa,Very well done. Along ways to go but even at the current stage it is a fun daily play game. Its difficulty is all up to the player and how extream you want to make it. only limited by your own creation. Always run mode with no loot respawn gives a true challange. Love it.
76561198072001566,Recommended,251570,25585574,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DarkWolfx891,"Great game, I could play this game for hours. Can't wait to see what future updates would bring."
76561198116474624,Recommended,251570,8835743,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Video Game King,Great Game and only going to get better!! Totally worth $35.00!!
,Recommended,251570,32300064,Posted: 9 June,all,herrawesome,with over 500 hours of play time I think it's time to give this game my thumbs up! I'd 10/10 the game already as is and the updates look even better!
76561198073318655,Recommended,251570,32329215,Posted: 10 June,all,romannets,"Worth a buy, interesting concept.ProsAddictive and immersive.Huge open world.Freedom to do your own thing.Online gameplay adds interst to the game.ConsIt will never come out of Alpha or realize a finished graphical look.Long load times.Graphically not upto the standards of a AAA game.Potentially dangerously addicitve and time consuming."
76561198372903052,Recommended,251570,32332557,Posted: 10 June,all,Fater,还不错哦
76561198140961801,Recommended,251570,32354238,Posted: 11 June,all,CheerlessSpy,"Good game, look forward to all of their updates. Have never regreted my purchase of this game even if its an alpha."
76561198102795402,Recommended,251570,32332314,Posted: 10 June,all,Doc,"This is definitely a fun game to play, but it could use some improvement.If you're looking for a single-player survival game, the game's good in that respect, but the multiplayer feels a little odd."
76561198007332311,Recommended,251570,32320954,Posted: 10 June,all,guinnis2,"great game, would like to see some NPCs outside of the shop vendors"
76561198356016939,Recommended,251570,32355615,Posted: 11 June,all,biohazard,i've never seen or played a game as fun to fight zombies like this game is.
,Recommended,251570,20315288,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mountain Dew Sipper,A beautiful story about a handmade axe and a giant rock.  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,251570,33222489,Posted: 4 July,all,NoKilling-GO-VEGAN,@7 days to die@NAZISareBRITISHROYALS: same as the game @the forrest@  but much more betterNAZISareBRITISHROYALS: love it...NAZISareBRITISHROYALS: so many things to doNAZISareBRITISHROYALS: and charakter development
76561197992330031,Recommended,251570,34484555,Posted: 25 August,all,90's kid,"I have to take my hats off to the developers of this game. They have not cashed in the early access market and ran off with the money after making a semi finished game like alot of other developers. They have stuck to this game from day 1, putting their heart into this game and I have watched it get better and better with every patch. They have took a briliant idea and executed it brilliantly IMO better than any other survival game out there. I have bought this game for 2 of my friends and will purchase it again when it is on sale for more friends as its totally worth the buy."
76561198002150356,Recommended,251570,29174474,Posted: 10 January,all,zombiewalker,"imo, the very best of this genre."
,Not Recommended,251570,24468894,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,NGS | TehShpee,"this past update made it practically unplayable, and it has no appeal to me anymore. if they fix this then i will update this review, however, the game itself is ok. it s OK, not the best game but ok."
76561198173163715,Not Recommended,251570,24162982,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Captain Jack Sparrow,Low FPS and bad optimithation
76561198088943556,Recommended,251570,25885982,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,tiago rezende,translate the game to pt-br
76561198027447183,Not Recommended,251570,34573431,Posted: 29 August,all,AntiFungalCream,"I have played this game a fair bit. I stopped playing for many months, as it was really incomplete and I wanted to wait for more content before making myself bored. I jumped on today to see what it was like. Here is my experience:I spawn in a desert, where both wood and stone is kind of hard to find. Not a big deal I suppose, as food (which can also be made into drink) is in abundance. I gather up all day, then find a building that I have to just wait in all night because I have nothing I can build since materials were scarse. Naturally the building is exceptionally baren of anything useful. I am in a little pocket where zombies can only come from one side. I clear the house and then step outside to start the sealing process so I am safe for the night. A zombie has literally spawned on the staircase right outside of my house. Scares me and irritates me, kind of absurd that a zombie is spawning within 10 feet of me but okay whatever. I spend the night and in the morning make my way to the nearest town I can spot. The zombie population is fairly scarse, good thing since my weapons are so weak. I take my time clearing the area of zombies, making sure I will be ""safe"" at least as safe as I can be for clearing my first building. While sneaking, nothing able to observe me, I break into the building. There is a zombie in the back room which I snipe with my bow while I am sneaking and it doesnt even see me. I loot one container, still sneaking, and suddenly a horde of so many zombies that it completely filled the room comes pouring into the building completely trapping me in a corner, so not only can I not run away, but even trying is absurd because they just stun lock me until I die. Literally the dumbest thing I have ever experienced in a game. If I was completely sneaking the entire time with nothing observing me, then why would a horde of zombies just come running in the building as if they are chasing me? Not only that, why would a game send THAT many zombies at me on my second day? So absurd. Irritating, disappointing, and dumb. Plus, this game has been in alpha for like 3 and a half years or more. Its so ridiculous. I have been waiting for quite a long time to play an actual game that has been finished and balanced, yet now that it is in its most updated state yet, it is more ridiculous than it has ever been. I absolutely do *not* recommend this game unless you want to be irritated and waste your time and money. I am still just mind blown by how absurdly dumb that was. The fact that this game has been in development for THAT long and this is the experience I am given is just so absurd to me. *sigh*"
,Recommended,251570,26302794,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SAiNT,If Minecraft and The Walking Dead had a baby.
,Recommended,251570,18735222,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :((,SHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEET.... good game..
76561198070616000,Not Recommended,251570,11892671,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,lord suckatus alotus,"This game is just like rust.  It was made by very innovative people and exhibits a truly remarkable game concept; HOWEVER; the shear amount of bugs and hackers ruins this game.  The community is clearly not always a good aspect, especially in the case of this game.  The game has no realy security to prevent a player from obtaining hacks and using them freely.  Therefore, I do not recomend investing any time in this games multiplayer whatsoever.  The community is terrible, the amount of hackers are terrible, and you will likely loose any time you put in in a matter of seconds due to said hacker or the game bugging out."
,Recommended,251570,34094141,Posted: 7 August,all,脆香的西瓜,我们需要中文!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικ
76561197979874195,Not Recommended,251570,10641577,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Synthetic Rage,"What a drag. This game is crap. Steam should have a 30 minute return policy. Anyways do not waste your money on this bull. Graphic suck, gameplay sucks. Do not watse your money on this."
76561198130606454,Not Recommended,251570,11462132,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Jon McAdder,I used to love this game.. until a bunch of cheaters appeared and exploited the poor program security of this game.Got hit a few times on different servers.Save your money until this mess is resolved. Save yourself some heartache.
,Not Recommended,251570,11028138,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Laeth66,"There's so much wrong with this game from the brief experience I had with it. I won't bore you with a detailed summary, but I will list a few points.- I've played the game for 3 sessions-- 2 of the 3 sessions crashed without even saving my progress. Mind you, I'm running on a GTX780 card and an i7-4930k CPU.-Zombies were literally walking through walls to ruin my day. Talos guide me if I spawn near a damn dog zombie.-Textures and skins were overused so many times over.-Are the developers honestly a group of adolescent male teenagers? Why does every female zombie have huge♥♥♥♥♥♥or dress like a prositute? I was embarassed to play this game with my girlfriend in the room. I mean a zombie in nurse outfit with her♥♥♥♥♥♥showing? Really?-The trailer literally showed the only great parts of the game. It DOESN'T show you the boring agony of starting a character and finding/building supplies. It took me about 90 minutes to obtain a gun and it lasted an entire 47 seconds in a city.Tldr; I bought this game on sale and don't feel like it was worth it. Mind you, this IS in an alpha state! I have faith that the game will get better."
76561197973373512,Recommended,251570,32358423,Posted: 11 June,all,VicNuggets,TLDR: It's a challenging 30ish hours of gameplay. Worth the money. Needs tweeking and more of everything.I've only played SP and don't plan on doing anyting MP.My first few hours I was impressed. It's VERY challenging at the beginning. There is a seemingly endless ocean of items which you have no idea how to use and what to do with them. I like figuring that stuff out and only a few times had to use the internet.To make the game more enjoyable I would suggest making daylight longer and turning off the zombie run ability. I would be okay if they went all nuts on the 7th day but every night I found to be frustrating. Your guy at the beginning has the durability of a wet paper napkin. That part really needs to be balanced a little better before full release.After 30-40 hours I'm kind of reaching a point where I've done & seen most of the game and I'm running out of goals. I could care less about building elaborate forts or traps. I'll probably end up quitting shortly.I would really like to see them include more things to do. They have such a good start here I would hope they would continue turn it into the gem it wants to be.
76561198079860236,Recommended,251570,32324306,Posted: 10 June,all,ron.drake,"I have spent hours on this game and so looking forward to the A16 release.  The mod support is healthy and stretches the game out and you can manipulate the files to make the game more (or less) aggressive, depending upon your desired play style.Pros:Solid multi or single player experience, The crafting and building is my favorite part of the gameLoot is pretty good, makes you search out so you can get the good stuff!Visceral experience when you get in a bind (Health is down and you are stuck with 5 zombies coming your way...your heart will race! )Easy to play for hours or minutes, especially on single player or hosted game.Cons:Can get mundane after reaching 70+ exp level, you can craft, mine, kill pretty much anything and its just a race to the next Blood Moon at that point.Traveling through the world without a bike kinda sucks.  Especially in a random world.  Wish there was more transportation options (Build a raft for water perhaps?)Overall:HIGHLY recommend this game!  I have tried to replicate experience in other crafting/survival/zombie combo games and nothing comes remotely close!"
,Recommended,251570,32326054,Posted: 10 June,all,MathiasAdemar,Pretty decent voxel game. the content updates are interesting as well. looking forward to alpha 16.
76561198026466148,Recommended,251570,30248397,Posted: 28 February,all,BunnyShoots,"Still has the feel of an early access game but it's one of the few where the devs are actively updating and playing their own game. Is most fun when played with a friend and I highly recomend it. Similar to minecraft but more complex. Pvp servers have an Arma dayZ feel when running into other players that will most likely rob you or vice versa. Best of both worlds with crafting, survival and pvp."
,Recommended,251570,28900689,Posted: 1 January,all,____,"12 hours straight of 7 days to die on my first real play through with decent FPS.My first time buying 7 days to die was negative, i forgot to change my monitor to 144hz and thought the game was crippling my system at 60 fps. I got a refund.The game was on deal and i had to buy it again and im so happy i did. My fps increase dramatically. The game does have issues with FPS in cities tho, this is to be expected since it's early access and in alpha. It will improve if the deVs dont do a DAYZ. :L(This game has insane potential. If you loved DayZ, you will love this game. If you love Minecraft you might not like this game. I don't like Minecraft but the idea of creating a base to fend off zombies to the best of your ability was too hard to pass up.The balance of PVE and PVP seems perfect aswell.This game should rake in the money if they keep updating content, optimisation,  anti cheat program / limit exploiters with harsh punishments and listen to the community."
76561198119140355,Recommended,251570,30301059,Posted: 3 March,all,Swamp Fox,fun
,Recommended,251570,30301192,Posted: 3 March,all,streetb,"7 Days to Die is an interesting mix of zombie game and crafting game. I loved the scavenging aspect and exploring the map to find resources. The building aspect had me building bigger and better bases every change I got. The game isn't perfect, but once you start playing it, you'll be hooked for a while."
76561198037882972,Recommended,251570,25972351,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,NobleSeigi,It's like an adult version Minecraft. Fun and kills time.
76561197998406458,Recommended,251570,8550811,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kitti,Minecraft but good
76561198171525418,Recommended,251570,14252843,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dubya G,This is an amazing game to play
,Recommended,251570,26486834,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,︻デ═一 ☭ sniper,hardcor!!
,Recommended,251570,20952619,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ƸӁƷ ⎛⎝Kelsღ⎠⎞,"Absolutely love this game, many hours of fun had!"
76561198230331936,Recommended,251570,28396576,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TazeBlaze,7 days of fun more like
,Recommended,251570,28412637,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TheCowThatStandsAloneInTheGrass,best game ever!!! :D
,Recommended,251570,28418069,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TRUMP TRAIN,"This is a great game. If it were not for my hardware restrictions, I would have much more hours into this game. I intend on spending much more time digging into it once I acquire better hardware, and I'm excited to see the game for its true graphics to get the full experience. Gameplay overall is great, and seems realistic to be staged in a post-apocalyptic world full of zombies. Food is hard to come by, you must build your own shelter or repair a trash shack that you just so happened to find, and survive the horde come the seventh day. I truly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival games as you will not be disappointed. However, this game is still in early-access. Which means there are going to be bugs present. Personally, I have only come across one issue so far, but I can't speak for the bug issue as I have not been able to play as much as I wish I could. For information on the issue of bugs in this game, I recommend relying on other reviews. Overall rating: 8.1/10"
76561198082930705,Recommended,251570,28432473,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jakes_A_Snake,Awesome game! I cannot wait for A16!
76561197995774575,Recommended,251570,28397379,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MomBlastIt,"The beauty of 7dtd over other first person shooters is the ability to choose your game style. My single player style is to set up a home base and then explore. My husband’s is to always be on the run. Regardless, you have to explore to move forward in your abilities. And you have to move forward in your abilities to get better loot and not die!The base building and crafting are just plain fun. There is no waste, everything has a use, so scavenge away! You can build yourself a palace or live like a mole underground – totally up to you.The multiplayer aspect of this game is unparalleled - co-op or PvP. And the option to choose a random map makes each game a new experience so I love “starting over”. The developers have changed the game play many times so it’s been a wonderful and wild experience adapting to the different dynamics of the environment and interface. Currently, the game is truly open. There’s no story to finish. You just survive in whatever way that means to you. Will they ever “release” the game? Who cares! It will always be fun to play just as it is."
76561198272414304,Recommended,251570,28404257,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,prestonterrette,"i like the game good graphics and good game play.but funpimps my game i really gliched, my character modles are there there all end up invisible and the eyes just flot there. other then that no complants"
76561198320118796,Not Recommended,251570,35075632,Posted: 19 September,all,awesoman519,"The gameplay is... solid enough.  But I still have a few big gripes with the game. first off, the zombies in this game are f****** braindead, even for zombies. they will see you, hunt you, then completely forget about you within a few seconds. another is the sleepers which are f****** EVERYWHERE. Why is there a group of zombies in every single builing? Was the entire world having a slumber party when s*** hit the fan? Anyway, hopefully these problems get fixed, but until then, it's a no from me."
,Recommended,251570,25466695,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,shmaxy,very nice
,Recommended,251570,25457279,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AbyC3c1l1a,FUN GAME!!! Watch people run!
76561198002548971,Recommended,251570,27071683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sleepyz,Was the best Survival game out there 2 years ago and it still is. And keeps getting better and better.
,Recommended,251570,28517272,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,§The LÅ BåkeR§,"I'm not sure what to say that hasn't already been said, but this is a great game that keeps getting better. Its alpha status can lead to some bothersome bugs, but they are usually patched very quickly and the constant addition of content and tweeking of mechanics gives me great confidence in The Fun Pimps releasing a top notch game upon completion. As of now it is a solid 8/10 but i can see this being a 9 or 10/10 when complete.I like this game so much I bought 10 copies and gave them to some friends to spread the fun and support the devs."
76561197972559582,Recommended,251570,15047832,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,8byteTassadar,"Great game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ advert trailer. Game is far more fun than the videos show. This game has a 15:2 ratio of positive/negative reviews for a reason.Earlygame - 10/10Middlegame- 8/10Endgame - 4/10"
,Recommended,251570,18052911,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Alpha Wolf™,"Well, what can I say about this game that hasn't already been said? I have 90+ hours in it. Very addicting. But, I quit playing it. Haven't really played much of anything lately."
,Recommended,251570,25711531,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Not LambChop,"So I love this game. It's given me faith in early access games when before, there was none. It is a bit of a grind, but once you get the jist of how it works, it's a lot of fun. Even better with friends.Zombie dogs make me rage hard. ♥♥♥♥ those guys."
76561198099130870,Recommended,251570,33358056,Posted: 7 July,all,K1NG KUSH1NGTON,played it once it hasnt worked sinceedit:its working better now
,Recommended,251570,15463949,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,burgersyok,"10/10, Broken Leg Simulator 2015"
,Recommended,251570,18366422,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ach00,7 days to die of boredom
76561197981613330,Recommended,251570,31799223,Posted: 16 May,all,MidniteToker,"This game is a gem! Bought it in 2014 but my PC wasnt up to par. Put in too many hours on xbox but now I have a PC worthy of my favorite game. Its the best, that is all."
76561197967998216,Recommended,251570,32510257,Posted: 17 June,all,Brume,"One of the best crafting survival games around. This one use voxel for full terraforming also, a lot of pve content, zombie are a real threat. Would recommand this one everyday of the week twice on sunday."
,Recommended,251570,32585544,Posted: 20 June,all,The Real HecticHabib,If you actually try and get into this game by playing multiplayer of if you take singleplayer it is a great game.
76561198096901147,Recommended,251570,13728908,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,disposable me,i got killed by ladder climbing dogs
76561197994996821,Recommended,251570,16941226,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Septema,"Early Access- Alpha 12.4First off, this is an alpha access review so keep that in mind.  If you want a solid, never changing, completely fleshed out game, you aren't getting one.  It's changing and evolving constantly at this point as new features are added and old ones are tweaked based on the feedback from players and ideas the developers have.You are the survivor of an apocalypse event and if you wish to stay surviving, you better play smart.  If you think this is the walking dead where zombies will die if you make a mean face at them, you're doomed.  You are the one who dies easily.  You can starve, you can dehydrate, you can bleed out, you can fall, etc.  If you want to survive, be sneaky.  Don't try to fight the zombie horde, it will overcome you unless you are heavily armed and adequately prepared.  Learn when to fight versus when to run.  Find or make a decent overnight spot where you can hide like a mouse until dawn!  Hunt, scavenge, craft, fight, and hide.  Do it all, and maybe you will be the one who finds the cause and solution to the zombie apocalypse (story not implemented yet, though).The learning curve on this game is sharp and if you want victory handed to you, you should just move on to another game.  This one makes you work for it.Pros-The devs work on this game.  A lot.  Plenty of major and minor changes being made fairly often.Survival is a priveledge, not a right!  You WILL die.  A LOT!  Accept this now and you can enjoy the game.  If you don't, you will hate this game.These aren't the zombies from The Walking Dead.  You aren't going to stick one once with a dull stick and kill it.  They are already dead and pushing them further into fully dead isn't always that easy.  Junk weapons only irritate them and make them hungrier.  Better weapons work much better and you can kill with one hit with a decent weapon.Crafting is life.  You must craft whatever you need to survive.  You can find some functional items, but most finds are parts used to craft.You can fight or sneak by most monsters, but fighting can get you killed, sneaking can get you...closer to more zombies with the ones you snuck by still behind you so know when to fight and when not to.Visually, the game has improved exponentially from when I first tried it.  Now, trees look awesome, dirt looks like dirt, etc.  Way back when, everything was black silhouttes.  There's still room to improve though.The atmosphere is creepy.  A zombie coming around a corner suddenly and slapping you will make you jump back in your chair.  A horde of zombies chasing you at night will definately let you know if you have a heart condition.Cons-The devs work on this game.  A lot.  Changes occur fairly often, and sometimes completely alter the game.  You can get used to playing a set way and then an update changes AI behavior or spawn rates or loot, etc.  You have to be adaptable and some people find this a problem.Death can happen quickly and it can be painful to recover the  lost stats, so play smart to avoid the penalty.You start with almost nothing, which can be problematic when you encounter your first zombie and have no weapon....Single player can become rather tiresome once you have a safehouse, decent gear and weapons and little else to look forward too until story mode is implemented.Bugs and glitches.  It's alpha so expect them.  I haven't had many bugs since alpha 12 was implemented but other people claim to have encountered tons.  You might be on one spectrum or the other.  There are a number of graphical glitches but the devs do seem to work on them so every update makes for better and smoother visuals.Gathering items is the main pastime in this game at this point.  You will need to do it often to amass enough resources to do what you want.  Finding recipes can be challenging and some recipes make or break your gameplay.Zombies can break stone.  You make a decent, solid base out of concrete and zombies will still eventually break in unless you repair the damage they do.  I can't see a human breaking ithrough a 3 foot thick concrete wall regardless how many times they punch it, but these zombies can.The crafting interface isn't exactly the easiest to navigate through if you don't know what you want to make.  Some items are fairly self-evident such as clothing but cloth scraps...what are cloth scraps under?  If you don't know where to find a recipe, it can be a pain to search each type if you aren't sure what the recipe is named.  You can craft by finding the item name and just clicking it or you can place the items in the interface in the proper location and craft it that way.All things considered, this is one of the better survival horror titles out now and even as early access delivers a better game than many of todays fully released versions of other survival horror titles.  If you want a challenging game where you know you worked to survive, this is the one you waited for."
,Not Recommended,251570,20993760,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Itz_harryx,"this game was fun before all these stupid updates. this game is impossible to do, i go on scavenger with very low zombie spawning and it felt like it was on very high. the crafting mechanic is worse, it was more fun when you had to guess and the zombies can climb ladders which would be impossible. you can't find enough resources to build a decent house but even if you did you wouldn't make it because of being surounded. mining lags my game to hell, you can't find guns are nyhting useful. This game is not worth £18.99 i don't suggest getting this game unles you want to rage. did i forget to say you can't find clothes on time and the key mapping sucks."
76561198279650708,Recommended,251570,21091585,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Purple High,"Truly amazing game. Got me hooked on PC, would definitley recoomend this to anyone!!! JUST BUY IT ALREADY!!@!!@@!!"
,Not Recommended,251570,16876662,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,malkiq porasnal,Teribble game! Dont buy!
76561198119192051,Not Recommended,251570,16946549,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,arnfinn,"11.6 was workin fine... a12 is♥♥♥♥♥♥ everything is black... taking to long to fix,,,"
76561198020658800,Not Recommended,251570,16949854,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,(Lethal)-(Lead),"In the begining of the game when i 1st purchased this i was so happy  the game was simple and could see things clearly  very clearly.  you also had control over day and night cycle of how short the night can be. then i took a break from the game  with high hopes for the upcomming updates  thinking to myself that a game that nailed it on the 1st try  could only get better .....right?....right?!?!Well ya wrong, now  all i see is freaking darkness and clouds that blocks out the sun constantly  the sun is now a myth theres rain and fog just for those who thought that they could see  a little bit  they didnt forget about you to make your vision totaly black to where you have to have a torch and choose between seeing where your going or fight zombies bears  the tooth fairy and whatever else that they can spawn at you and now  zombies with flesh bags that i totaly thought was walls  till i hit them just to find out different.theres a saying that goese if its not broke then dont fix it .... well this game when i played the 1st time wasent broke  but now it feels destroyed.  unless they get back to basics no one cares to see rain drops or snow fall  no one cares to see a red moon in the sky  if they cannot see 2 feet infront of them. and the lag omg dont get me started on that. but this is my opion. any that wants to try the game out for themselfs please feel free to do so. But you have been warned about some of the things to look for.if it was like it once was where the sun actually existed and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that then i would recommend this game but minecraft with jut square graphics and not much detail as this one  gives a better preformance and its a major resource hog  compared to this game.and then there is this thing that happens where it looks like wafers to have to wait to load in ."
76561198134087910,Not Recommended,251570,17000233,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,O' Danny Boy,"Quite a badly made game. This is mainly due to the power of the zombies. I know we all want a fun challenging game with zombies, base building and survival aspects. However, in this game, the zombies are too powerful and ruin any chances of even surviving the night.However, the community is fairly friendly although not very large. Would only recommend this game to people who can tollerate constantly having to restart over and over again."
76561198079008877,Not Recommended,251570,21298877,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Confliction,I dont know why i bought this.It rarely updates and it has almost no contentIt runs and plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥and there is nothing to do unless you have a friend to play with you so you can complain about how bad it isits ebola aids dont get it pls
76561198028137478,Not Recommended,251570,26080155,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Winterchill,"This game has such a great idea, but after years in ""early"" alpha, its still not working as well as it should.  It seems like the developers spend more time playing the game with its numerous bugs, some like the block graphics bugs that are pretty much game breaking for builders, to the revamp of the exp system which is horrible as you can go kill zombies all day long (pretty damn easy with any quality bow) and level up any skill you care. The game also have absolutely zero innovative endgame and the ""survival"" aspect is non-existant. You can build a base, on the first day, thats impossible for any zombie horde in the game to break through. This game has been in Alpha for years and there seems to be no real chance for this to actually turn into a polished release game.Basically, if you like Minecraft for Minecrafts aspect, stick to that, its way better programmed. If you want more survival gameplay, im sure you can find other games that will actually provide a challenge, as zombies in this game are stupidly scripted and just incredibly easy to ignore/kill/whatever.I have 800ish hours of this game, over several years and sadly, i've seen next to no progress in this game - Sure, the new Alpha 15 tried to change alot of things to the better, but really didnt change very much for how long time they spend on that. We even Beta tested the Alpha, how stupid that might sound and its STILL not working as it should. I dont regret the cash i spent on it at all, i've had plenty of fun hours in the game. But really, the game does not evolve at all after you've built a solid base. Then its just the same damn grind, over and over and over. If you enjoy building, this game could have been great, expect for the limited choices of blocks (Which could be remedied by Mods, that pretty much make the game 10x better than the original stuff) and the fact that blocks just glitch, out of the blue, giving you headaches for days trying to manually fix the crap that developers couldnt make right from the start.Anyway, i wouldnt recommend the game if you would like to enjoy a game that works. This sure doesnt work. If you can see past several major issues, i would recommend getting it. Its alot of fun for about a week and if you are the kind of person who can replay games, you can get a ton of fun out of it. Just be aware that eventually, this game is going to die on you, since there is no endgame or any real point of the game (That you cant find in MInecraft or similar)"
,Recommended,251570,34866351,Posted: 10 September,all,LunaPanda69,"decent game, can be lots of fun the more people who play with you and team up"
76561198091563482,Recommended,251570,8116535,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,queballa570,awesome game.
76561198101563285,Not Recommended,251570,30583896,Posted: 17 March,all,Lilgrevious77,"A few moments after loading up the game and generating a world, my game crashed. I set the graphical settings as low as possible and it still crashed. I know it's not a problem with my computer since I meet all the hardware requirements to run it smoothly. Do not buy this game if you actually want to be able to play it for more than 5 seconds."
,Recommended,251570,25785980,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,Good game. If you like open world survival games then you will most likely enjoy this one.
,Recommended,251570,8198295,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Merlin,"Love the game. This is a good game for those who like survival/building games. It contains zombies, weapons, bombs, explosives, tools, food, animals and soon drivable cars :D (the only car in this game is a sedan)"
76561198065638560,Recommended,251570,8916818,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Korteck,"This game is fairly fun at the moment, and it has so much potential to be a fantastic game. It is kind of like a more badass Minecraft, focused more on exploring/fighting. This game is in it's early stages and clearly has bugs, but I think with work from the devs and backing from the community it will be a great game."
,Recommended,251570,8918627,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,#Toast,"Very good game, I've invested alot of good fun hours into it."
76561197988809502,Recommended,251570,9046969,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,LajosMaguneru,"It's good fun! Still in Early Access, but quite a fun game. Loads of options when it comes to crafting. Right now it looks rather unappealing, but they're going to upgrade visuals in the upcoming patches.. I had fun, too bad it's nightynight!"
76561198121732293,Recommended,251570,11411667,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,damnedbeevah,great game still needs work b fun to play
76561198065371720,Recommended,251570,33586730,Posted: 16 July,all,paboothz71,"Absolutely love this game.  One of my favorites ever.  Devs are actively improving it and releasing updates constantly.  Starting out was kind of rough at first but after watching a few youtube tutorials, I was able to stay alive long enough to build a fort.  It has been an addiction from then on.  Can't wait to see the final product."
,Recommended,251570,32583727,Posted: 19 June,all,Corinth,"I like mincraft, I like open world survival horror. I live in a hole in the ground behind someone'e house and periodically they drop pies down to me. What's not to love?"
,Not Recommended,251570,32585346,Posted: 19 June,all,GoodGuySnake,"LOVE this game really fun build and defence game, great exploration and everythingBUThas clunky game mechanics.The devs are slower than molasis, Really lazy guys they have made so much money and instead of putting time into creating it and releasing the full version they are in the bahamas just chillin probably. SLOW alpha releases which is pathetic due to how much money they have made so far off this game.I do not recommend buying this game till full release , which will probably be around 2030"
,Not Recommended,251570,32099705,Posted: 31 May,all,ghostly ghost,i really like the constructed-based reality. but its kinda boring. since the zombies dont come. or zombro. or what ever ya call them. I dont know. it takes away the gameplay experience but on side note its fricken terrifing and thats good because zombies are supposed to be scary but then again i would much rather reccomend another game also might i add it is NOT WORTH  LIKE 20$ MIGHT I ADD
76561198154994283,Recommended,251570,32486818,Posted: 16 June,all,monsterslayer259,"i love this game. i have spent more hours on here then i have on almost any other game except minecraft, btw 7 days to die is a whole lot more fun then minecraft. this is easily my favorite game dispite still being in alpha."
76561198122276963,Recommended,251570,14726205,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BumbleKnees,"Bought this game to have a trash game to play with friends, it wasnt trash. Difficult at first then you google it ( no seriously use the wiki and research it works wonders). Great game and really fun . Tip for super new players:Punch grass, collect, make in to plant fibersCollect small stones, make in to sharp stonPunch bush, collect stickMake stone axe aka most op zombie killer if you nail head shots"
,Not Recommended,251570,33360647,Posted: 7 July,all,XENNO,"To anyone reading this: Please understand that I am not here to argue with people just because your opinion is different to mine, in regarding to the reason I do not like this game. I am not claiming that I can create a game any better. If your a fan of this game; that's great! Just don't get salty and start abusing me in the comments if you don't like what you see here.I think I covered everything. Okay, let's begin!Well, I dunno. There is something about this game that rubs me up the wrong way. I mean, it is fun to play with your friends for a little while, but shortly gets repetitive. I've yet to experience the gameplay that has earned this game a 'Very Positive' steam rating.7 Days to die feels like a typical zombie survival game with nothing unique (Which isn't particulary a bad thing). It's simply build a house/base, reinforce/arm  that house/ base, explore for stuff, kill zombies/people (Depending if you are playing PvP, PvE, PvPvE), and protect your house.  And that's pretty much all there is to it, as far as I see. I am curious to think what sets this game aside from other games such as Miscreated, etc in terms of being unique.The graphics aren't really the best either. But that is expected for an early access game. I bought this game knowing that it wouldn't be full of stunning visuals. I'd just wish the developers would make it a little easier on the eyes. (But that's subjective)I don't really think that there is enough content for this game to be really worth my money either. I bought the 2- pack for my friend and I, but I feel that the price is far too much, for what there is in the game. I hardly play this game for that reason.As, you can tell, I have not played many hours of this game. The reason being, that  it is hard to play this game, when knowing that I have games in my library (in the same genre) I would enjoy far more than this. I have watched plenty of gameplay of this on Youtube, prior to owning 7 days to die. One of the main reasons I did purchase this game was to support the early access developers.Perhaps, I am judging too harshly for an early access title, but maybe this game can change my mind in the future. I'd really like to enjoy this game. I'm honestly saying that this game may be impressive in the future. But not now."
,Not Recommended,251570,30199569,Posted: 26 February,all,wopolusa,"*If I could give this a 'meh' instead of a thumbs down I would* 7DtD is difficult to review. It has fun moments and is enjoyable to play with friends. But I would have to say it is still a ""bad"" game.In essence it's a strange cluster♥♥♥♥ of Minecraft, DayZ, Skyrim and virtually every early access zombie survival. Enjoyable to some extent but mechanically basic and unoriginal.Pro's:- Craft and manipulate almost anything you want to in the world on a block-by-block system (like Minecraft)- Edit everything you want about each playthrough - fine tune the difficulty and world settings any way you would like- Fun with friends- Relatively active developers (When I lasted checked anyway)- Performance friendly for an early access gameCon's:- Incredibly repetitive and slow, you have to put hundreds of hours into your character to get to the highest levels, most easily achievable by just repeating quick tasks for the attribute you want to level up (e.g. iron-dagger crafting from skyrim to level up)- Once you've hit the ceiling where you have done most things in the game it becomes less interesting very quickly.Subjective:- personally the multiplayer worked poorly and competitive multiplayer is basically a match of who can abuse game mechanics more than the next person.- The zombie survival genre is just not interesting to me anymore.Again its a difficult game to review, Tl:dr it's an unoriginal game with some really enjoyable moments to it.Overall 5/10"
,Not Recommended,251570,34527448,Posted: 27 August,all,Sparx419,"I rarely write reviews, but if you are considering buying this game, please read this; 4 years of development, with no end in sight.I may recieve a lot of flak for this, please, just keep in mind it is merely my opinion and I feel like sharing it with the 7DTD community.First lets start with this, the game has been in ""development"" for almost 4 years now, when really it hasn't been developed much at all. The problem lies in it's core. The Developers can't seem to focus on a single vision, and because of the the core, the foundation, of the game is in a constant state of flux.Now sure, one could argue they are improving it, but personally I liked the early versions. Between the minecraft style crafting and the simpleness behind it all. The problem is, changing the core of a game, uprooting and rearranging it's foundation, causes issues. They keep changing the core of the game, and are forced to then fix all the bugs that ensue, rather than continue development of the game, which I believe is one of the reasons there is such a large gap between updates. The concept is amazing and unique. A zombie survival game with terrain you can manage and it turns into a tower defense at night. Just reading the description is enough to get anyone excited, but a major part of the game, combat, is honestly just bad. The animations, hitboxes and general feel of the combat is uninspired at best. Combine that with the overall fairly poor graphics of the game and similarly poor performance, the game itself just feels uninspired.It has been 4 years, I have played every version, and honestly I feel the biggest content update to date has been the electronics. The game feels like it is in a perpetual state of ""Alpha"" with no end in sight for the actual release. Time that could be spent continuing the game is spent fixing bugs that wouldn't be there in the first place if they stuck with a single vision, and build around the foundation rather that trying to build the foundation around the game. 4 years, and no other major content updates come to mindNow don't get me wrong, I want to like the game, and honestly I did at one point. But now I feel like the game is being wasted. It has SO much potential, it could be so amazing, but the developers seem to be working excruciatingly slow and show very little work for it. I am not calling the game bad, just that if this cycle continues, I can easily see the game still in alpha in another 4 years. I understand building a game like this, especially with a team as small as theirs, can be time consuming and complitcated. But in 4 years the game hasn't progressed. They have merely changed the way crafting is done,  the UI, and a few other things a couple times over.The game IS still enjoyable though, especially for those fond of this genre. I just personally feel that with the money they have made, and the 4 years worth of time they have had, there should be more to show in the game.As stated above, this game's idea is amazing, unique, and interesting. But it's wasting it's potential by not fixing what really needs to be fixed.Please keep the flak to a minimum. As I said, this is my opinion and I felt like sharing it with the other people who do enjoy this game, or people like me who wish they could, but just cant in it's current state and with it's seemingly endless alpha cycle of changes."
,Not Recommended,251570,34705500,Posted: 3 September,all,Kayo,"Honestly this game has been good to me, but they promised an update and we never got it, that or expect an update every 6 months. People like me who have followed this game from the development stage realized that the developers made enough money off this product to safely abandon it like mostly every other early access game."
76561198019535806,Not Recommended,251570,34663250,Posted: 1 September,all,Caribcanuk,"Was a reasoable game till about a16 then the development got lazy or lost interest, Should be called 7way to grind. A16,3 what a joke, Spawn in a huge frozen area , dodge frozen zombie search like mad for clothes but only find plastic , nearly die from freezing. Find a desert you think salvation is at hand no more freezing , WRONG starts raining and your temp drops to 0 and you move at a snails pace. Game has become an endless struggle between temp control and dodging wolves and dogs  that one bite kill you. Developer has gooten to lazy to even care about the game and using these mechanics as a  cheap easy way to attempt some kind of game balance. Game was good before these last few releases and its obvious  the developers have clearly lost inyerest and are just milking the game for all they can with minium input effort."
,Recommended,251570,34697634,Posted: 2 September,all,Blickety,I really like the direction they are going with Alpha 16. The inclusion of the electrical and painting systems bring some much needed ways to differentiate your base. Now mid/late game is fun again!
,Recommended,251570,34831858,Posted: 9 September,all,Setesh,"This game has come on in leaps and bounds since i first played it in alpha 8/9. Its now alpha 16 and i still play it everytime they release a new alpha.The developers are accessable (via the forums), they listen to the community feedback, and the price is very reasonable for the amount of time i have got out of the game (its even better if you wait for a special).I'm looking forward to seeing it continue to get better :)"
76561198048625365,Recommended,251570,12796307,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,PixelatedRobby,"Probably one of most fun addicting games you can play right now!I bought the game over the halloween sale(50%) off and I feel like I got a great bargain! I've been playing this game for countless amount of hours at a time and its such a great game even just for being in alpha. Do take in consideration that it is still in alpha so you will experience bugs and not much in the game (although theres plently to do even now!) the game is in great progress with dedicated staff! The game is more fun played with friends or even strangers you will meet throughout the game! Also, there are roles to pick those who hunt and those who help others which will you take? :)"
,Recommended,251570,34633812,Posted: 31 August,all,Varjo-Jake,"If you like preparing for the apocalypse, if you liked building legos when you were a kid (or if you still do), if you have couple of friends who think like you...get this game."
76561197997739689,Recommended,251570,34774687,Posted: 6 September,all,Ryadovoy,One of the best zombie games out there.Even more so with VALMOD installed
76561198296879271,Recommended,251570,34805404,Posted: 7 September,all,Itzuleni,"First time writing a review on a game so bare with meBy far one of the most enhoyavle games you are going to play, personally having trouble with getting a server working for friends but have found MANY other to use, even playing solo its still one of the most enjoyable games ive played recently, does take a little to get use to a few things but with being able to customize everything on the go with the game you are playing i give this a 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,34637126,Posted: 31 August,all,Spyro,"Another game from minecraft genre with zombies ,if you are playing the game as solo or co-op it's the best"
,Recommended,251570,10960524,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Magic School Bus,this game is not a good game or a bad one its  more of a average survival game like minecraft rust or day z buuuuuuuuuuuutttt it is in alpha and not even in beta so this game is good for beig only an alpha like minecraft i hope this game gets upgrades like less lag better zombie models and glasses of water disapearing after you drink them also finding fresh water 6 out of 10 average for now untill the beta or full game come out
,Recommended,251570,34689603,Posted: 2 September,all,Mclovin,yes. very sexy game
76561198168433851,Recommended,251570,35192006,Posted: 24 September,all,[DT] Robingraves,"7 Days to Die, is a intense adventure filled game. so what baffles me is all of these people complaining about performance and bugs with their game. I Run 7D2D with 50-100 fps, i've rarely seen any glitching, and i seriously can not seem to duplicate the issues any of you are having.Pro Tips:-Your Graphics Settings need to be whats best for your hardware, Not at max just because you want it to be pretty.-Start a new game when updates recommend it, there is a reason devs suggest it.-make sure your CPU, GPU and Ram are up to par for the game, there is no reason developers should have to make every game compatible with little Billys 2004 Compaq Presario.-Stop asking for Carebear features no one wants to cater to your lazyness.-VR is still a niche category, you'll get it when you get it.-Etc.Great Game 10/10 Deal with it."
,Recommended,251570,31612975,Posted: 7 May,all,webmistress,"This game is so fun.  I die.  I die A LOT...but it is still fun and amazing.  My daughter bought 7D2D for all the adults in our house (4), and we play together and alone --it's fun no matter HOW you play it!I am currently using the starvation mod, which makes it more difficult and adds MANY new features to the game, but even still...this game is fantastic, and the starvation mod is even MORE amazing.Highly reccomend with or without the starvation mod, but the SM gives the game a whole new life IF you can manage to get bored with the vanilla game.  Mind you, the Starvation Mod is HARD...but fun!"
76561198143156222,Recommended,251570,34927758,Posted: 13 September,all,_TGCL_otters4,"fun, everyting is breakable"
76561198153699980,Recommended,251570,14935683,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,partyanimal927,awesome game one of the best games ive played yet
,Recommended,251570,19970114,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[BMO] rAge is meh at most,"1) Spawned2)Ran a few minutes in one direction3)Punched some grass4)Got Rocks5)Made an Axe5)Built a Door6)Took over an abandoned house7)Giant Zombie Bashes through door8)Gets killes by Zombie while running screaming like a girl9)Dies10)Respawns10/10 Would Punch Grass againSuper Fun Game , Great to Play With Friends! Updates Regularly and adds loads of content! Great Dev's!"
,Recommended,251570,19693508,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,FiKaa,The best.
76561198103711747,Recommended,251570,19680458,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ventus,"I started playing with A11, if I remember correctly, and obviously a lot has changed. After months of waiting, A13 finally arrived, and I'm a little disappointed. This new GUI takes some getting used to, but I can live with that. Finally, map markers can be added, and forging & cooking isn't a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with buggy timers. True, you added a lots of new zombies BUT THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME. I can only recognize old spidey, screaming at the top of his lungs from my roof. The others? Oh, the nurse of course. But most of the time I can't tell a bloater and any other zombie apart. The temperature system is a good idea, but if I go exploring in a desert and dare put some pants on I die on about 2 kms. The thing I miss the most? USING COUCHES & BENCHES AS FUEL!!! I really liked the idea of heating the forge with the benches stolen from the church, or couches from around anywhere.Conclusion:+ new GUI (the style could be a little more of the previous verions.)+ map system+ smoother gameplay (except from the crashes. please solve it quickly!)+ VAULT DOOR!!!BIG♥♥♥♥♥LAMPS!!! (buggy as hell though)-  lost its true feeling-  cant burn couches-  VERY similar zombies-  how long have we waited for this again...?-  it kinda feels ... soulless.-  crashes. a lot. given it even starts.-  what's up with the loading times??Hope you guys do something huge soon, you seem to have lost a lot of the community with this one."
,Recommended,251570,19696486,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SuppleZombieKitten,My favorite survival game so far. Tons of fun measured in hungreds of hours of good quality entertainment. Now even better with A13 update. I recomend single player for best experiance.
,Not Recommended,251570,14956906,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SickTag,"I am giving this game a bad review because the updates and fixes can take up to 6 months to fix.  I posted that I thought the game was dead because all updates keep getting pushed back for months at a time and was banned from the forums with unprofessional response:You have been banned from all 7 Days to Die discussions until Dec 1 @ 7:35pm.You have been banned by a forum moderator.Reason: ""Doom & Gloom - unfounded libelous comment.. You have nothing to back your claims of the game being dead and by your own admission it is being worked on even if you are unable to do math on how often updates are released."""
,Not Recommended,251570,24063444,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lemony Link,7 Days To Refund.Seriously tho. I really wanted to like this game.I just could not get into it at all.I bought the double pack for me and a friend to play.Gifted him a copy.Jumped on Discord.We both played for 2 hours and never really enjoyed the time we had playing.It just felt really bland and boring.Not much to do from what we saw.vast empty space.Requested a refund for us both.However....We both said that we may pick this game up again in the future once updates get dropped.Yes we know it's an early access game. It just could of been alot better for the price.
76561198317499763,Not Recommended,251570,24240467,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ShadowNation21,"I like the game features, but I dislike that it doesn´t run anymore, it just stops while loading a game, I even try playing offline but still isn´t playable, I really hope they can fix this on mac because I already delete and re-downloaded twice now, but there is no difference. My point is why to buy a game that isn´t playable."
,Not Recommended,251570,24244951,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hakke Pyppyyy,its ok but its broken as heck and not worth 30$
76561198040200568,Recommended,251570,24253184,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sang,"Love this game.My partner likes killing things, i like building...game offers both in such abundance. Increasing difficulty means your pushed to advance; keeping things fresh and interesting.I feel the game is very polished for an alpha. Full of features."
76561198142818055,Not Recommended,251570,23783772,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RosaDanielaW,"It's a great game but since an update I haven't been able to play anymore, this has been going on for 3 months now..."
76561198315729772,Recommended,251570,24243250,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,josephmiller987,"i bought it for only £8 during the sale & im definitely getting my moneys worth out of it, great game"
,Recommended,251570,24037643,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,coldinfamousfarmer,Is good. 10/10 would blow up fort again.
76561198247394650,Recommended,251570,24036533,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,fernalga,"I HAVE NOT PLAYED THIS GAME A LOT BUT THIS GAME IS SO FUN IF U LIKE SURVIVAL GAMES GET THIS 1 IT IS SO FUN AND IF U HAVE A FRIEND IT WOULD MAKE THE GAME TWICE AS BETTER, I HAVE NO FRIENDS SADLY WHO PLAY THE GAME  BUT THEY GRAPHICS IN THE GAME MAY BE A LITTLE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUT TRUST ME THE LOOKS DO NOT MATTER!!!"
,Recommended,251570,24299861,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Major D,Bloody awesome. Literaly.
76561198052504068,Recommended,251570,24040423,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Baroness Diesha,"I have been playing this game for almost 3 years now and it's the kind of game that continues to impress me. They took all the elements of zombie horror and mashed it up into one game, and with every update they continue to do just that. Steam is literally crowded with zombie games, voxel survival games, or voxel zombie survival games and it gets old real fast. But 7 Days to Die manages to stay fresh and on top of the competition by balancing thoes elements. This is the first game that has ever actually scared the hell out of me when I first started playing at A.11. I never had any form of entertainment tjhat was meant to frighten you, genuiely frighten me at my first experience! I felt my hands getting clamy, and my heart racing as I tried to prepare for the 7th day dreading the zombie horde that was to come for me. You can do almost anything you want in this game: build a one man base, build a large settlement, you can live your life as a nomad  going from abandon building to building on a motorbike, or you can spend your days defending your farm. There are a variety of texture blocks to choose from, tools have purposes, the crafting and skill system is absolutely fabulous, and there is more to come and look forward to. I would definitely highly recommend this game."
76561197995025242,Not Recommended,251570,24113467,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,zedal,"The Dev work to slow, and the remake the gamer over again many time. Don`t waste your money on this game. PS ! it was a good game , but the pacthes has only been bad the last /copple of years."
76561198085776205,Recommended,251570,24243479,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,drab,"as you can tell from the hours played, i love this game.theres still bugs but its a enjoyable crafting survivor game with quite a few styles and colors of blocks you can build with.the zombies, while easily slain during the daytime, will hunt you down at night.ive built many styles and sizes of castles,homes, and fortresses to keep me and my friends safe.while i spent most of my hours solo, this game is really fun to group up and exterminate some zeds."
76561198316631238,Not Recommended,251570,24244795,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BaDassAassassin76,game doesn't let me load a world crashes every time
,Recommended,251570,24246035,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,OminousClouds,Hmm...Didn't realize that I had played this game this much o.oit's good. ;) like apparently so good that I am just a mindless drone now
,Recommended,251570,24253616,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Exo,This game no longer works with Mac or Linux without downgrading to older versions.Do not waste your money.ON the other hand 7/8
,Not Recommended,251570,24258988,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Amou,"One of the many ""pre alpha"" open world survivor games on the market. This game might have been meant for nintendo 64 console and just got released a little late. This game is never leaving alpha don't buy"
76561198040521597,Recommended,251570,34023035,Posted: 4 August,all,krammitman,"I love this game! While it's not finished yet it certainly does a great job of progressing forward. It offers a great survival feel where basic resources may be easy to come by but progressive resources must be scavanged. You want pistols? no you are not going to mold those out of some iron you picked out of a rock. That must be found but scavanging can be dangerous, however if you want to survive it must be done as the game will get progressively harder the longer you survive.The crafting and base building aspects of the game are rock solid, and continue to improve with updates.The RPG aspects are still a work in progress but the devs are well aware and constantly updating and tweeking that per community feedback.The combat aspects are very entertaining with varying degrees of difficulty. They are also being improved constantly with updates.Basically this game is already fun and continues to improve. Sometimes updates may feel like they take awhile to get here but they are always worth it when they do. If you like killing zombies and base building this game is the perfect mashup."
76561198060943969,Recommended,251570,34023377,Posted: 4 August,all,Nicht mehr so V,Awesome.
76561198038258159,Not Recommended,251570,34247259,Posted: 14 August,all,imandride,Alpha 16 ruined this game for me.
76561197968851090,Not Recommended,251570,34733778,Posted: 4 September,all,Professional Drunk,"Alpha? how long has this game been around? Too long to be in Alpha, period. No discussion needed there. The devs cannot fathom what a good game is, nor what balance is. This game is junk, junk, junk.Do Not Pay for this/10"
76561198023887149,Not Recommended,251570,34712264,Posted: 3 September,all,tonyb4864,Wanted to see new patches for the game sence I enjoy the game alot. Made new a world like it says. Everything seems fine till you loot houses. They are all zombie spawns. I clear a house of zombies then 5 sec later 2 more spawn in the house. Doors closed and some how they are. Its unplayable the way it is now. I would rather that they spawn outside of buildings like before.
76561197985095328,Not Recommended,251570,31977877,Posted: 26 May,all,Timbuctoo,Game incomplete. No word on steam on progress. The game has 250hours of fun factor and 250hours of nothing else to do fun factor. If this is ok with you then by all means get it. Good game with 2 or 3 friends for building bases other then that it falls flat.
,Recommended,251570,26333340,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SixxFox,So addicting
,Recommended,251570,32888188,Posted: 27 June,all,DeathFinder,"Love this game.  It's addictive.  It does have a few problems (lags for me and my friend on MP during Horde time), but definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,251570,32904707,Posted: 27 June,all,-.,"begin the game game as a half naked man , crafted my first axeKilled a zombie , a bigass zombie , a screamer , make impenetrable base .Dead by starvation9/out of barit is a really good game, no really i mean it . Better with friend thosaddly i dont have one . sad"
76561198338438537,Recommended,251570,28548688,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ｒａｍｂｏ,Ｉ　ｔｈｉｎｋ　ｉｔ＇ｓ　ａ　ｖｅｒｙ　ｇｏｏｄ　ｇａｍｅ．
,Recommended,251570,11653915,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ArAnAx666 @Twitch.tv,"Yes this game is still Early access but wow what a wonderfull experience. From the awesome crafting system to the creepy and scary feel of the game.You will have loads to do as you prepare youself for the coming hordes and hordes of nasty zombies (beware of dogs). The experince I have had with this game is like living through a zombie film or an episode of the walking dead. You really get the feel that you are in danger and have to protect yourself the best you possibly can, scavanging, building, killing it's just a top knotch experience I was hooked on games like Rust, DayZ, The forest, but this is just a much more in depth experience I'd give it an 8/10 in it's current state and I'm sure it will go up to at least 9/10 upon release."
76561198087834835,Not Recommended,251570,11949271,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,dogbrain,Do not buy this game if you have a Mac. The gameplay varies from annoyingly slow to totally unplayable. This is the first time a game has ever been so bad on my Mac. I hope that the developers either make the game run smoother on Mac or just stop selling the Mac version all together. If I could get a refund I would.
,Recommended,251570,31831095,Posted: 18 May,all,ReflectingVoid,I could live on just this game.
76561198196800629,Recommended,251570,35020559,Posted: 17 September,all,BuckBe4st_6,I really enjoy this game because you mostly have free raigne to do what ever you need to do
76561198080422664,Recommended,251570,28912372,Posted: 1 January,all,larrya315,So ive been playing for awile and must say im impressed with how far this game has come. Pros: NOT MINECRAFT!!!
76561198066495231,Recommended,251570,29545650,Posted: 28 January,all,supFam,"Not a bad game. For early access it has enough to hold you over for a while. The graphics are sub-par but a true gamer knows it's not about graphics. There are some bugs; falling through the map, being kicked from the server by easy anti-cheat, etc. It definitely needs improvements and more content, but for now it's a lot of fun to get a few friends and explore the huge maps, kill zombies, build bases and survive for as long as you can."
76561198009040836,Not Recommended,251570,10718360,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,g.anagnostopoulos,"Okay the game surely has lot of potential but it crashes and lags a lot!! I play the game with a PC that is on the minimum requirements which were lower when I bought so it was more than them, and it crashes every 10 minutes crashing my PC with it! When I asked for support in the forum NO ONE HELPED ME! This is the worst part. I've had other games crashing but the developers were eager to help. This game not only doesn't have a support ticket platform, they only have a user forum where they expect other users to solve your problems! Unfortunately they seem to respect the customer until they sell! Well this is the worst about this game, not only it crashes but they don't respect the customer!"
,Recommended,251570,19040698,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SkiffyKelvin,"Great game, have put a lot of hours into this, and when alpha 13 comes I think it's time to double it. #challenge"
76561198121424449,Recommended,251570,15703868,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,o Phillip o,"this game is the best early access game iv ever played, unlike other devs these guys acctualy want to make a game rather than taking peoples money and running away and realse a patch every now and then, you guys are the best its people like you that keep the gaming indestry from crashing.if your thinking about getting this or dayz get this, this game actualy makes you want to survive rather than go round and kill fresh spawns. it has full crafting not a singel thing you craft is useless everything has its place, and the atmaspher in this game holy s**t guys if your searching somthing like a gun cabnit wich takes 30 seconds to seach and zombies creaping up behind you and your like hury the f**k up. you can get sick in quite a few ways theres so much to do.  this game is deffinitly worth the money you pay.10/10"
76561198210390633,Recommended,251570,34926947,Posted: 13 September,all,GreyMenace,"Absolutely love this game.Started out by watching youtubers like Kage848 play it, and got me interested enough to buy it. The number of updates that the Fun Pimps put out is just awesome, each one adding more content to the game. Multiplayer servers are incredibly easy to create, and can be joined through steam alone (no himachi needed). The game is still in Alpha, but I feel like it has plenty of stuff in it already to be finished. The only little problems I have is that multiplayer can be a bit laggy at times, and that the game could do with a few new guns or weapons, but that may just be me. Overall, this is definitely a game worth getting."
76561198232209448,Not Recommended,251570,23075730,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shammy,"The best alpha was 10.4. That was the complete game and they should have stopped there. They didn't and made the game more difficult, not more complex. Items require additional resources? That's just a time-sink to prolong the end where the game becomes a cakewalk. After 10.4 it was all downhill."
,Recommended,251570,15259217,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,B.Miller,40 hours gameplay in 5 days. Still have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of ToDos ... let me just finish this one thing.10/10 ... would craft again!
76561198065544078,Recommended,251570,26702289,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DiamondDuty,"Good game, but the performance/optimization needs a bit of work, I get lag spikes and at times jittery gameplay on a Gtx 1070. Good game and good concept though.7/10"
76561197963261416,Not Recommended,251570,26074385,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ComputerKitty,"I put a fair amount of time into this game and I cannot recommend it.  There are a number of bugs that have been present for multiple releases with no sign of improvement.  The most recent release has introduced additionaly graphical and physics bugs that make it much less enjoyable.  There is also a significant memory leak in the game since Alpha 15 which results in progressively worse performance the longer you're in the game.  The idea of the game is fantastic, but the buggy implementation was too much for me to get past."
76561197972465827,Recommended,251570,26702625,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ConsciousMinds,the game is more fun than the trailer would have you believe. I didn't get this game for the longest time because the trailer looked lame to me. It's quickly becoming one of my favorites.
,Recommended,251570,24621312,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mustain11,"♥♥♥♥in' great game; it has mix of everything. Resource management, farming, crafting, building, scavaging, surviving, hunting, driving (the minibike), shooting, exploring, missions. multiplayer pve, mulitplayer pvp-- and many more.Great Game. 10/10"
,Recommended,251570,19681873,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mr. Fan Man,"OK, so I've decided I was too harsh before.I'm only going to complain about three big things that I think were ruined:The crafting system has made crafting annoying, mainly because now instead of being able to just place the necessary materials in the rights slots you have to find the exact item in the bar. You don't have the option to memorize recipes because there's no crafting grid, and memorizing recipes was faster than searching the item up, which is why I just liked the crafting grid better.The HUD now only shows health and stamina, which is annoying because you have to open your inv, and then click character to find your stats. It does flash them when they're low, but only for a moment so you could miss it and then starve to death. Not that it happened to me, yet.The zombies are now really generic. You can only easily tell the nurse zombies from the others. The bloated zombie is no longer NEARLY as fat as before, and this is annoying.Despite these new problems, I do think it can be enjoyable, but it's probably no longer worth the $25, so I'd get it on sale. The game apart from these problems is great, and the new update certainly had improvements, but overall I'd give it 6/10."
,Recommended,251570,19692303,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Hazedboss,wurf
76561198058044889,Recommended,251570,19688474,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Avenged Grace,With a ton of content and ton more coming this is easily one of my favorites.
76561198298685893,Recommended,251570,33330902,Posted: 6 July,all,Professor Autismo,Is a fun game to play with friends would like 3d sound so that i can hear zombies that are behind me and not so much the zombies that are down the street but still fun cool game to mess around with :3
,Recommended,251570,33067580,Posted: 30 June,all,hokit.online,"it's fun, i guess?"
,Recommended,251570,33396136,Posted: 8 July,all,Snowdon,It's Pretty Dank.
,Recommended,251570,9048785,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,JamesXCJuggalo,"pretty good for early acess every once in a while big fps dorps but gameplay is awesome so far like minecratf,rust in all really good"
,Recommended,251570,9053174,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Wacko Knight,10/10 Would bang!
76561198037620009,Recommended,251570,9055107,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LitKitty,"Hey Kids, Scott Greene here, Do you like minecraft?YEAAAAANNNNDDDDD do you like Zombie games?!?YEAAAAAAA... Wait arent zombies in mineraft?...Yep but this is basically Minecraft plus MOAR Zomb Zombs, and it post-apacolyptic!!!YAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEE*procedes to throw money*"
76561197993214610,Recommended,251570,9056095,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Koerhuisje,"Even if this game isnt in its final stage...it really is awesome!!...as someone else has put it : DayZ, Left 4 Dead and Minecraft all in 1!!!!!! If you love minecraft...you gotta love 7 Days to Die."
76561198068193971,Recommended,251570,9010043,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Treu,"Very, Very addicitve. Fun equals very yes."
76561198107852779,Recommended,251570,9030819,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,savagedbel,"This game was really fun before the newest update. Now the game is amazing, and another update is going to come out before the end of the month!! If you don't have this game you need to take a second look at your life! LOL!"
,Recommended,251570,9056251,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,31n5T13N,if you like minecraft and rust
76561197995248848,Recommended,251570,9057524,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Guardian Archangel,The game of course has its flaws being an alpha but looking past those flaws you find yourself in a pretty entertaining game that combines a minecraft crafting system to a zombie survival. I've enjoyed the hours I spent on it and with the promises of future updates I'll continue to keep playing
,Recommended,251570,9049865,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Peyday,Great Game. Personally Would Reccomend If You Have A Friend To Play WIth. It Sometimes Scares Me To Death But Overall It's A Great Game
76561198155262569,Not Recommended,251570,32789144,Posted: 25 June,all,Swoop,"this game is fricking awesome!!! in depth crafting and building,if you are a survivalist then you will love this game...........however there is a major problem with hackers,untill that is addressed i give it the thumbs down"
76561198182288033,Not Recommended,251570,34367655,Posted: 20 August,all,吉吉爆,我们需要中文。看看黎明公司出了中文增加的多少购买量？还有绝地求生多少周销量第一！都出的中文如果说你们就这样，不出中文。那这个游戏就没有玩的必要了！要不然你就同意中国玩家自己汉化，不要封禁账号！我们需要中文。看看黎明公司出了中文增加的多少购买量？还有绝地求生多少周销量第一！都出的中文如果说你们就这样，不出中文。那这个游戏就没有玩的必要了！要不然你就同意中国玩家自己汉化，不要封禁账号！
,Not Recommended,251570,34405408,Posted: 21 August,all,Fawkzi,"Wasted potential in an everlasting alpha (It's been in alpha for four years)When this game first hit I loved it. I used to play it with my buddy. Back then it was pretty basic in comparison to what it is now, it lacked some serious content but it was still fun to hop in and waste some time and at least the game actually ran properly back then.Frame rate dropping as low as 10fps, Audio Log.txt errors that pop up near constantly and get you killed since all control of your character ceases when these messages pop up and the whole Nullexception error messages too (These come and go at random from rare to every few seconds) it seems like the bugs have just gotten worse the further development goes and judging by the dates of forum posts in my quests to fix these bugs some of these issues date back almost two years.This game is also for the hardcore and I mean the 'hardcore' as in those who just want to be punished near constantly. I'm no stranger to difficulty and survival but this game goes at it a little too hard in the strangest of ways. You're in a zombie apocalypse but the zombies don't feel like a threat and are easily killed, animals however? One hit kills for days when you're a fresh level 1 just starting out. These animals murder you in an instant and you can't do a damn thing about it.I mean I get a horde of zombies tearing you to shreds if you let them box you in, the counter to it is to not let them box you in, Hell I even get the roaming, starving animals attacking your fresh meat looking self on sight but instantly killing you just because you're low level is a bit much, it feels like the game just demoralizes you before you have the chance to delve deeper in to the various systems on offer.The forge (Something you'll use alot) is also broken. Here's an example. To craft an Anvil you need Iron so you go out and collect Iron but apparently even when gettng 200 Iron you don't have any Iron (Acording to the forge) But there's an option to craft The Iron you need but in order to craft the Iron you need...you need to use the Iron you need. You need to use the Iron you need to craft the Iron you need to craft an Anvil and IT STILL SAYS YOU HAVE NO IRON. Broken af.It's not all bad though, the aforementioned systems are pretty damn good. You have your standard fare with crafting, eating, drinking (No sleeping though which is weird) Tending to your wounds and various ailments,infections,fractures and all sorts. I -love- these things but it's annoying as hell when all of my survival progress is ruined by some skinny looking starving dog killing me in an instant and seeing as they both spawn and attack you out of nowhere with only the growl that says 'It's too late, I'm right behind you' as a warning it gets too much too fast.The addition of animals in itself is wonderful. Getting to hunt, kill, gather and survive in more ways than just looking inside containers is awesome.I say get this if you don't mind the things I've mentioned above but bare in mind this is in alpha and I don't say that as in 'Forgive the bugs, it's only an alpha' I say this as in 'It's been four damn years and it's still in alpha with bugs that have existed for just as long'I personally can't reccomend it as a must buy in the current state of the game."
,Recommended,251570,33407692,Posted: 9 July,all,TimeFreeze,I own the Game for PC and PS4 now. Played it mostly on PS4 so yeah. I recommend the game and all. But i would like to ask for one thing dear Developers: How about more Language Support? Cant be that hard right?EDIT:A idea: How about involving the Community? Like you could make a Forum for Translations. And then the Community could help. Like it was for Dead by Daylight for Japanese.
76561197972479524,Not Recommended,251570,34022201,Posted: 4 August,all,You Just Got Litt Up,"7 Days to Die is a decent game, however it seems to be headed in the wrong direction. The game has been in 'Early Access' Alpha for years now, and shows no signs of leaving any time soon. Even though it is still in development, there have been several major issues that have plaguing the game since the beginning.1.  There is no end game. You simply survive for the sake of surviving, and you build for the sake of building. You exist to exist, there's no purpose. Once you've reached the state where you have absurd amounts of home grown food, and in a zombie proof base (now with traps and turrets to kill zombies for you), you realize there's nothing to do and boredom sets in fast.2.  The grinding in the game is becoming a little bit silly. 7 Days to Die has always had some kind of grind to it - usually in the form of accumulating resources. However, the most recent versions of the game have introduced a levelling system featuring skill points and various skills. This was an exciting change originally, however since then it has been used as the main system to just add more and more grind. More and more things are being locked behind levelling, and the levelling itself gets slower and slower every update. The game essentially tries to keep you busy with a huge grind before you realize there is no end game.3.  Bad performance even on amazing computers. The Fun Pimps seem pretty adamant on cramming more and more crap into their game without ever taking a step back to optimize. I understand that in Alphas, you are supposed to create content and worry about performance later, but there comes a point where the current game infrastructure cant handle any more of the crap you keep throwing at it, and needs improvements. We've long since passed that point.4.  Poor difficulty. Game is pretty hard for new players due to lack of explanations and guidance. On top of this, the gameplay itself feels very floaty, and the visual/audio feedback doesn't help at all. Being slapped from 3 feet away by a zombie who winded up their attacks 3 seconds ago is a good indicator of what I'm talking about here. The game would prefer to kill you via Diahrea from eating a bad egg, than through a fair and challenging combat system.5.  Multiplayer. It sucks, and this explanation needs to be broken down.5a.  The current engine just isn't stable enough to support multiplayer in the way it needs supporting for a game of this type. The world size is so huge, yet servers still struggle supporting anything more than 32 players. Most servers begin to run extremely poor after 20 players are online. This makes for a huge world full of nobody, unless you like hanging around the spawn coordinates.5b.  There is no challenge in multiplayer, because the total count of zombies gets divided between all the players. To make this worse, because of server performance issues, zombie spawns are usually set to medium or low. This results in 20 zombies being divided amongst all connected players, meaning you hardly ever see a zombies in a game that is about... zombies...5c.  PvP is complete garbage. If you are one of those people who enjoy buying survival games because of PvP you will be poorly disappointed. 7 Days to Die caters entirely to players who have no jobs, no other hobbies, and are willing to invest most of their waking time to the game. Because the game is such a grind, it takes forever to get ""geared up"" in equipment that isn't complete trash, and compared to a player who hasn't put that time in yet, you are an unkillable god. I wish I were kidding, but things as basic as how far you gun can shoot are directly tied to level of loot you find, which is tied to your character level. A level 100 player who finds a sniper rifle will be able to shoot 250m with it, doing enough damage to 1 hit any player. A low level player who finds a sniper rifle will be lucky if he can even shoot 70m with it, and will require 3-4 shots to do the same amount of damage. However, since higher level players also have high level armor and ""armor skill"", they essentially have a multiplier on their health so a new player would actually have to shoot them 8-12 times.5d.  Duping. Duping make survival games pointless, and 7 Days to Die has had their share of dupe bugs in every single version they have released. Some have even gone on for years now. A duper can easily dupe garbage weapons, combine them together to get the quality to max, and then dupe the max quality weapon.Conclusion: Wait until the game is full released, or isn't still wearing this 'Alpha' tag. Right now there's no real reason to do anything that game requires, and with the game being such a grind and requiring such frequent restarts when a new patch drops, just makes for a huge waste of time and potential."
,Recommended,251570,27571932,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Empyrrean,"I can't stop playing this. I've played for about 3 weeks and I already have 150+ hours in, AND I work full time. There's just so much to do, so much to explore, so many items to find, and the zombies are a legitimate threat. I'm very excited to see where the devs take this game. Even in early access, there's already so much content to play with. It has a few game-breaking bugs and glitches, some are so bad that some servers have rules against using certain items, such as minibikes and rocket launchers, because they cause server instability. But that's to be expected in alpha."
,Not Recommended,251570,13491454,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nathan,If you wanna play a game that looks like dog poo then play 7 days to die.
,Not Recommended,251570,32666429,Posted: 22 June,all,Nakano96,"I get bored after a day playing this game,Every house looks the same and place seems like repeated,I don't even know is it me or the game is on drug?Feel extremely quick bored if playing solo, better get some friends to play with.Thats all, was hoping this game can get any massive update.but non"
76561198026000101,Recommended,251570,9605914,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,taxidriver,"Huge Fun, very stable (had no crash in >100hrs), devs are doing a great job with the updates, compared to other early access games.Now with zombies coming in random groups (horde) up to idk 20 or 30? This is a hell lot of fun. First i noticed just the sound, i was in a house looting and thought: what the heck is this? Footsteps..many footsteps...I had 2 firearms and jumped out of the window very bravely to see whats going on, just to jump back, bobtailed and pretty happy they didn`t notice me.I wonder what kind of damage this horde could do to my home at night....Apart from such experiences, just the mining, building, and crafting is so great. No limitations. Build what u want or what u think of that could be the best shelter for night.I have my own fenced kitchen garden with blueberries (most nutritious i guess and also providing a bit of water), i could survive just with those. Zombies are also smelling if you got meat with you and they`ll chase you. So blueberries are great, you have to eat all the time though.I´ve seen ppl. building a huge fortress, the eiffel tower or other fantastic buildings. U can use wood, cobblestone, gravel, congrete, metal, metal-reinforced concrete... - whatever, no limitations.Clothing just arrived with the last update. I still can`t dress, but it looks promising. Armor-values are given as well as XP-points now. But still not finished.Of course there are a few balance patches to be made, sound also, the graphics look pretty fine meanwhile, thanks to terrain smoothing, the game lost the ""minecraft-view"", i appreciated it very much.I could tell so many things about this game, but nobody would read it i guess. So i gonna stop here.Compared to DayZ and Rust this game really brings the feeling that ppl, will have to work together, as there is a real threat (many passibilities of changing the difficulty are given). And not just a big PvP-arena.There are still not so many ppl. playing this game (~5000 on weekends), dunno why, but this brings the advantage of not so many ***** in game.Thumbs up, and keep it up fun pimps. You surprised me very positively"
,Recommended,251570,9625370,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,paveway248,Love this game so far and it just gets better with every update.
76561197963648068,Not Recommended,251570,9627207,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,sKorpion,"current review Alpha version 9.0(an ongoing review updated with major builds)first, credit to the devs...very dedicated with constant update, fixes, and new content.over 1000 servers... so this title does appeal to some...a lot of people seem to be enjoying the dated graphics, archaic animations,clunky gameplay, bugs, bad audio, missing features, and pathetic combat.some highlights from current build:* no tutorial or game guide.* no story or campaign.* animations bad. period. circa 1990.* graphics - terrain much improved, but YEARS from L4D (itself over 5 years old)zombies are bad AND poorly animated, animals improved,water improved, other small graphic improvements.sadly, still dated graphically, can't compete with ANY other zombie titles of last 10 years.* audio is poor. ambiance not centered, ambiance follows when you move, very few sounds.* performance is much improved over build 7.7. probably the only 'good' thing at this point.* gameplay is 'o.k.'... looting/crafting/survival is there... broken, boring, but there.* combat is primative, repetitive, and zombies VERY easy to take down, even with fist.hit, jump back, hit jump back, repeat til dead.* newly added 'random' worlds is cool... but that just mean all the issues from above 'randomized'.again, credit to dev team... for hard work...but at this rate it will be over a year before it's worth price...and a few years, if ever, before it  can compete with ANY other zombie title."
76561198050943092,Recommended,251570,9639269,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,zknight the 16th,I really like this game and recommend it to players that enjoy zombie survival games!
76561198025602578,Recommended,251570,9639471,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Kanin,"First Day, got gangbanged by zombies in the corner of a farmhouse.   10/10"
,Recommended,251570,9642542,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Islandshadows88,"For a alpha game in its current stage its pretty good. This is not like Dayz and Rust where as you spawn you get killed instantly,  this is more of a co-op zombie survivor game that has you working together with other players building a base and scavenging for items, I recommend this to anyone who is tired of player vs player combat and is more interested into a co-op based survivor game."
,Recommended,251570,9649114,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,ASwellKindaGuy,"Whats not to love zombies, surival, crafting, building, open world, 64 players on a single server at a time. Over all a quality game, cant wait for future updates and see where it goes. Keep it up"
76561198012583458,Recommended,251570,9654250,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,BlackSun25,"Waayyyy too addictive. If you are looking for a good zombie game, this is one of the best I have played. The graphics could be better, but you get used to it."
,Recommended,251570,9670603,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Deadbolt,Worth now the price has dropped
,Recommended,251570,9677861,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,CaUgHtInAmOsH,I have this game and it is super fun. I like to build things during night like wood planks so i can hide from all the bad things that come at night. It is super cool it is in my 10 fave games. i love it.
76561198048819000,Recommended,251570,9684036,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,LheiJin,"awesome game, it is addictive and i have high hopes for this game, remember it is still in alpha so there are some slight bugs but nothing too bad, if you like zombies, and having to survive then definately check out this game..."
76561198097998952,Not Recommended,251570,9689261,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Based Tom |-/,"Waste of money. At first it is pretty fun, but you will never get an urge to go on it."
76561198028112485,Recommended,251570,9691044,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,=[DSM]= jacob45459,Just a great game wish i could use god mode again for crafting bases
76561198061450440,Recommended,251570,9692317,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Bruiser the Wolf,"Like Minecraft, but with zombies only. There is a lot to do and a lot to loot, from searching a trash can, to a dead body, next you'll find your self searching a building. You need one item to make another. You always have to find food and water, you can never have to much. To me, this is a great zombie survival game to play."
76561198041111345,Recommended,251570,9695835,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Mstblackrose,"I want to write this after looking through some of the other reviews or forum posts. I feel like there are a few things that need to be stated up front, so we're on the same page.This game is in Alpha phase testing. It is an early access game. If you do not respect that, or understand that, or acknowledge that, find another game to play for now. There will be bugs, changes, updates, improvements, and failures. You should not be looking at this game as a game to play that is release ready.You should acknowledge that, by buying into and playing an early access game, you are helping them test features and stability. If you find something you don't like about the game, you can and should tell the developers so they can assess that and decide if they agree with you or not. If you don't like the game as it is, help the devs make it into what you want it to be.That said, lets review the game.This game offers a sandbox playstyle. What that means to me and you might be different. What it means to the devs might be different from either of our ideas. What it means to me is that you choose how you want to play the game. The story isn't currently out yet. You don't get a lot of lore about what happened yet. You can guess though, by looking around the survival mode map. We'll see how it develops in time, but I am hopeful it will be fantastic. You can, however, build houses, towers, fences, traps, farms, weapons, and many more things. You can play with zombies or without zombies. You can play co-op with friends using their IP address and watching a quick youtube video if you can't figure it out or play on a dedicated server. You can turn friendly fire on or off to PvP. You can even be 'that guy' and run around in a co-op server destroying people's bases. Don't be 'that guy'.You can mine for sand to make glass, clay to make molds, stone to build with, metals for crafting, and even gunpowder.You can farm for food, provide water for crops, and protect them from zombies and wildlife alike.You can snipe zombies from a rooftop or mow them down with a chainsaw.Or you can do anything else the game physically allows you to do. It is your sandbox so play it the way you want to.The world is fairly open, too. Sure there are borders to the world where you die from radiation poisoning if you leave it, but the game is in Alpha. They are testing physics, AI, crafting, balance, stability, lag, etc. They are not currently, as of 7.7, testing random world, near infinite borders, etc. It would be lovely if at some point this game map got to be the earth and you could travel the globe, but how big would the game need to be to basically be Google Earth + zombies? Is that even reasonable? We'll see how it goes.There are multiple ways to make the game easier or harder as you play. There is a loot timer option, which allows you to determine if you want to stand still and actually open boxes and treasure corpses, adding realism, or if you want to make it instant so you can loot on the run. You can set block durability higher or lower, that is, the blocks in the game that you beat up or build with, so that they are easier or harder to destroy. You can set your damage and zombie damage so that it is nearly impossible to kill a zombie but they can one shot you or you can mow down hordes with your bare hands but they barely scratch you. You can change the length of day cycle and night percent to make more day per day and less night per night. You can TEST the game.I find more often than not, for the first few days of game play I run really long days with 20% night, then at night I exit the game and set the day cycle super short, wait for morning to come a minute later, then reset the day length really long. Will I be able to do that at the games actual release? Probably not. I have been experimenting with different base designs. Based on where I start on the map, since there ARE multiple first day spawn locations, I either gather stones and build a tower on stilts, take over a pre-existing house, or make myself something to dig with and start making a tunnel. I work on securing a food supply and water supply as quickly as possible through farming and rivers/lakes, and I work on testing areas and features. If I find something I think needs to be tweaked, changed, updated, or removed, I am free to mention it on the forums. This is what an Alpha phase is for. If you approach it like that and play it for fun, knowing full well that the features present today may be different in a few weeks, whether updated or removed, you will love this game.Have fun with it. The game isn't complete. You get to help make it complete. What are you really getting out of it for you money? Why should you have to pay them to help make their game? Because not everyone who has a good idea has enough money to spend a year or two doing nothing but building a game that may or may not take off. Because finished or not, it's still fun and playable and enjoyable if you approach it with the right mindset. Oh, and because it's quite likely going to be cheaper than buying it later when it is at full release."
76561198125839236,Not Recommended,251570,9706876,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,ChimneySweep1,Too laggy i cannot play this game!
,Recommended,251570,9727593,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,BUckENbooz,"This game is awesome. Its like a harcore minecraft but whith the awesome scare of zombies trying to get you. The Zombie AI is amazing, the way they come through windows walls and  doors. You run into a building trying so fast to loot it before they bust in. This game is amazing."
76561198090249927,Recommended,251570,9744230,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,CRPLwifey,One of the best free-roam games i have played yet. This game has huge potenshal i'v even converted from my other favourat game that has a similar playing style to this one. I am looking foward to seeing this game develop and grow and cant wait for the word create update.I would encourage everyone who enjoys free-roam crafting games to try this one out.
76561198062464186,Recommended,251570,9744513,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sam Milnes Number #1,"Brilliant game! It may have some bugs but what do you expect from a pre-alpha game, I can even blow up my friends! 11/10"
,Not Recommended,251570,9759829,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,TheOnePunisher,"This game is terrible, the developers are terrible, features that are in the patch notes are not in the game, support is non-existant (I've had a support ticket open with them for over a week and no response).  Goodness help you if you attempt to criticize the game on either forum, the mods will ban you if you do anything besides bow down and lick their boots.I wish I could get a refund, suffering severe buyers remorse from this abortion of a game, DO NOT BUY!Edit:I found this comment and it sums up my feelings perfectly (credit given to original commentor):Mr. Hanky 6 Apr @ 8:32pm""Then most telling of all, the devs instead of letting their work do the talking for itself take to silencing all opposition. There obviously must be issues with it."""
,Recommended,251570,9767063,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,WWW.INFOWARS.COM,"This game is awesome. It is the child of DayZ, Minecraft, and Fallout. All of which are amazing and have resulted in an awesome game. There are it's bugs, as there is with all games, and this game is also still in development. There is SO MUCH in the world! Which is astrounding considering they are not done! A huge map, several zombies, building, architectural gravity system, steatlh, cooking, forging, recipes, levels, armor, stats, several towns with many different biomes, multiple game modes, a huge underground, crafting for almost everything in the game, creative, different ores, farming, and roaming zombie hoardes? Yes, still in alpha...dear lord how utterly amazing is Beta, let alone the finished product going to be!?"
76561198070458429,Not Recommended,251570,10085810,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Deezee,"Just utterly rubbish.  Terrible interface, shocking lack of information and pathetic crafting"
76561198019587762,Recommended,251570,10086092,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,NinjaPolk94,"As it plays right now, the game is great and is fun. If you want to play a realistic survival/creative game, this is definately for you."
76561198048109191,Recommended,251570,10088508,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,jemrock,"At this time, 7 days to die is a very nice open world zombie survival game. I find a lot of enjoyment from this game which i might add is still in alpha. The newest release of alpha 11 overhauled this game and made me extremely satisfied. In alpha 11 at this point in time, there is more structures  and terrain feautures then the last major update. Caves are now part of random gen and yes they actually feel like natural forming caves. The zombies have recieved upgrades to their textures and they look a lot smoother. Your hands have better animation quality than before. Graphics in this game have been updated and they now look better. The Fun Pimps are continually being active developers and are not giving this project up which i will applaud them for. I like playing this game with friends honestly, but you are going to have a lot of fun just playing on your own and just exploring what kind of things you will see in a randomly generated zombie survival world. This game is for all of those people who love the zombie survival genre because of an awesome crafting system, a decent stealth system, lots of rewards for exploring, and a generally fun experience. The developers have come a long way with this game, and i will say that 7 Days to Die is a quality product that at least demands that you take a look at and if you dont buy it, watch it grow."
76561198070878648,Not Recommended,251570,10101143,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,champagne,"Do not buy this game, full of bugs & is now unplayable, trying to fix is impossible, it now sits in my library like a little lost soul."
76561197971706261,Recommended,251570,10103100,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Directorix,Great developement team. There are of course in this stage still things to wish for but I'm happy about the progress. Oh and please give us a linux version! Thx.
,Recommended,251570,10104629,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,[75thRGT]Sir Pinkle Puss,"Best zombie-minecraft game out there! It's the best ever and too has creative mode to play with all items, blocks, weapons, etc... And multiplayer!"
76561198107580485,Recommended,251570,10106788,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ricky Spanish,"Great game, has a realy good direction constant updates as well"
,Not Recommended,251570,10108213,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,totalgameruk,since the update u guys managed to break the whole game when it crashies it puts u back to day 1 stay away untill fixed
,Recommended,251570,10108968,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Feng,"Great game for an Alpha build! (given all the half baked early access games out there at this time)Pretty much a mixture of Minecraft, Day Z... and its own flavour.a few impressions:-No blocky graphics like MC (will be improved further)-Already a ton of craftable stuff including tools, weapons, armor, building materials etc.-Never had any latency or performance issues, working like a charm for me-Plenty of options if you plan on running a dedicated serverThere is much to come, check out their hp and wikia."
76561198079650926,Not Recommended,251570,10133388,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ZeroTheKitten,"this isnt working too well for me, the minimap is stuck over one and two on my tool belt making so i cannot see what items i have their. It also takes for ever to open and asks me to play it instal 32 bit or 64 bit.. no idea what to do"
76561198076085616,Not Recommended,251570,10152899,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,LEMON,do  ot buy this game it will work for about 3 hours before crashing then it ill becoume unplayable it crates lots of bugs in its own filess makeing it anable to play iv spent the last 6 days trying to fix it
76561197982390137,Recommended,251570,10181766,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,StinkyPinky,Minecraft...but 1000 times better. Just buy it. You will not be dissapointed.
76561198080499899,Recommended,251570,10184198,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Ultimate_Cosmos,"First Im hooked although after 10 hrs Im seeing some crashing... I know; ""Alpha"""
,Recommended,251570,10185531,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,paulio,Very good gameplay is very smoothMaybe Not So Graphics Wise But Who cars its all about the gameplayVERY GOOD
76561198113113514,Not Recommended,251570,10215561,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LaxOne,i really enjoyed this game it is fun and very time consuming with endless possibilities. I spent 40+ hours building amazing forts and tunnels with chests full of materials and weapons to use to defend but with every update my game gets completely wiped and i have to start afresh. im sick of starting again i wish i could get a refund
,Recommended,251570,10337531,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Drake,Just keeps getting better
76561198052510755,Recommended,251570,10351945,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Marauder,Great Crafting Zombie Survivalist Game
76561198078432244,Recommended,251570,10387061,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,RyanAir,I love 7 Days ti Die but my friends and I can't seem to get the game running. We've all been experiencing the same thing. If its a bug please consider fixing it. Its my Top 10 game! :)
,Recommended,251570,10401064,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,NubSquared,"i love it, though i would love modded map support too"
76561198074551065,Not Recommended,251570,10519323,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,RPG18,"It is a very good concept and has some very fun parts. But please wait until the full game is out. The crafting system is sometimes tough to use and the zombies look cartoonish. There are also bugs and glitches. Plus with the time element added for searching it just gets tougher. This is not a bad game, just wait until the full one comes out."
76561197981731167,Recommended,251570,10588711,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,/ DC /,"7D2D has a huge potential in the future. The developers have a big path to polish the game, though in this stage the game looks a step ahead. 7D2D has several terrains to explore, houses to sneak around, a crafting system similar to minecraft.I would like to see the new features the team is working on in a near future.KEEP GOING!"
,Not Recommended,251570,10972299,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Calibys,Game gives me motion sickness...... uggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhh
76561198029022670,Not Recommended,251570,11012043,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mekanikal_Fiend,"game stinks. looks like you took fall out new vegas, then stripped everything cool out of it. left only cinderblocks and burned out cars. added some grainy zombies who you can easly out run. game finished. 0/10 got it at half off and still feel like i got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,251570,9013163,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Redit0,A cross between minecraft and dayz.  very good.  much fun.
,Recommended,251570,9019908,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,MadDogGamer,very fun game. getting better by the update . looking forward for the drivable cars!
76561198025376219,Recommended,251570,9128721,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sea Moose,"Minecraft? Pfft, who needs that?Survival, crafting, smelting, scavanging, shooting, building, this game pretty much has it all. It has an innovative forging system, a 5x5 crafting grid, dozens of different loot storage containers, collapsing buildings, etc. I call it ""Minecraft meets Fallout meets DayZ."""
76561198111812834,Recommended,251570,9170146,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Gunter Bushman,7 Days to die is amazing and very addictive i would say get this if you have the money it is truly amazing.10/10
76561198007221810,Recommended,251570,9181940,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Tormunda,Simply the best builder survival game available.From the first early access version I played to the current A16 I have seen this game go from Indie to AAA.Fantastic developers.Recommended 10/10 for anyone who likes building / survival games.
76561198088677605,Recommended,251570,9185417,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,thearsoniistx,"really enjoying this game, still only in alpha, much potential such wow"
,Recommended,251570,9250720,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,PMK,"Not bad at all for early access but i am glad i waited for the price to come down. really cool crafting but the mining could use some updates in more realism. was worth the 2-pack for $40.Well I hadnt played in a looong time and checked it out again, WOW way better the Zombies are AWESOME, hard game! Thanks Fun Pimps!!"
76561198015781410,Recommended,251570,9261148,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Thermz,"Fantastic game!  Love the crafting, customization, can't wait to see the finished product.  Still fun to play as is though.  I own Rust and definatly prefer to play 7 days."
76561198060871374,Recommended,251570,9265483,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Guts,Really enjoying this one so far. Can not wait to see what the new patches bring.
76561198025956006,Recommended,251570,9273563,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Da_Fat_Koala,"Great game, much better multiplayer, can't wait for the updates"
,Recommended,251570,9300398,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Koreplay,the new alpha is great but graphic are bad they should put it back to normal the terrain is crap cant dig and the timer is fine for the first time but if u want to get back in it sould let u in straight away apart from that its the best
76561197994643654,Recommended,251570,9311361,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sam Crow,this game is reading as unknown for some reason can someone please suggest something
,Recommended,251570,9366549,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Warman,"I have to say, I did not expect this game to be that good.  It looked a little bit corny from the trailer and I only considered buying it after my friends exclaimed how amazing it was.The most amazing thing about this game are the zombies.  They pose a REAL threat and will stop at nothing to eat your brains.  Some of the most terryfing moments I have had in a zombie game have came from 7 Days to Die.  For example,  me and my brother attempted to build an underground base right in the middle of the main city.  It was going fine until night came.  The zombie horde ravenously dug through the dirt trying to reach us.  We thought we were safe 10 levels beneath the surface. They continued each and every night for 3 nights until they finally broke through.  When that one little hole was made, we were screwed.  They flooded in and quickly killed us.  We attempted to rebuild and even make a trench filled with spikes, but alas it just slowed them down.  Eventually, we had to abandon our underground home, leaving the tattered ruins as its legacy.I really wish I had been recording during these moments.  The AI + voxel based enviornment in this game give you something I have never experienced in a game thus far.  It is just awe striking when you witness the damage the horde can do to the enviornment or your own base.Additonally, the survival system is one of the best I have seen.  Finding food and water is an everday struggle when you first start.  The crafting system has also been rewarding to me.  I hope in the future they add more items and maybe more materials but as of right now I do not have much to complain about.  I will try to upload some pictures to this review (if I can) or to my Steam profile for those interested.In conclusion,  go get this game!"
76561198112793865,Recommended,251570,9376030,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,sneaky-_-badger,Every time I get on the home screen is black but the theme is playing. I've tried un-installing it and re-installing it but that hasn't worked. Please try and fix this in your next update. :)
76561198093049320,Recommended,251570,9379673,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,deadon,why do i keep lagging like every time i try to look around i move very slowly and its laggy
,Recommended,251570,9488840,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DEATHCORE IS BETTER THAN U,I love this game and it is the most fun i have ever had i want more updates to come more often! I love it great job and keep it up!
76561198021113955,Recommended,251570,9499012,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,BananaSplit1209,"This is one of the best games I ever played, and it's not even done, do you like a zombie-acopalypse? Then this is defenitely a game for you! It's Minecraft based so the crafting works slightly the same as in Minecraft, but it's 100 times better!You gotta have this game, it's just so awesome, and it's Alpha so they are still working on it, but I now find this one of the best games I ever played. It's open-world so it's not mission-based because you have to survive, the name does distract you of how the game really is, you don't really play 7 days, you can also play for 1383190103 days in this game, ofcourse it's getting a little bit difficulter every day, so on day 1383190103 you'd probably be dead :), no but seriously, this game is a must have I rate it a from a scale from 1 to 10, defenitely a 10."
76561198005952599,Recommended,251570,9558973,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,jimmyjelopi,"Epic zombie survival crafting game, highly recommend this title, can't wait to see what the guys at Fun Pimps come up with in the newer developments."
,Not Recommended,251570,10579819,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,123,"Disappointing to say the least. World generation is subpar with absolutely no direction in the game. Really just a wide open nothingness filled with zombies and useless materials. Also buggy, have died several times to nothing just standing still. Really needs an overhaul for early game. There is no tutorial, basic quest line in place or really anything to guide the player to do anything other than fight or die. Basically this is only a game you can enjoy if you already know everything about it from trial and error. Otherwise its nothing short of why bother playing this game."
76561198067932030,Recommended,251570,10581355,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bellealebeau,"I just got this game so I'm still playing on easy mode (and will probably continue to play on easy mode for a while) but it is crazy amounts of fun. It's eary access right now so there are some bugs but overall it's very smooth and nice to play. I've played some eary access games that are pretty bluh still so this is nice.It feels pretty realistic, and I'm excited for the new features they are going to add."
,Recommended,251570,10582638,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,biscuitsandcrazy,"Updates are adding more and more. When it first started, it had next to nothing really, so it's come a long way and the devs are improving it constantly. If you're debating on the game, especially during a sale, go ahead and get it. I think it's a solid investment to go ahead and buy this and wait until it's a full production game, it'll be one of the better zombie survival genre games as long as it has the community. Great idea behind the genre that they offer."
76561198098245865,Recommended,251570,10584018,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,tupac,"Like Minecraft, but better."
,Recommended,251570,9573060,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,+{MEDIC}+ Cypher,Minecraft on crack after a face lift.
76561198072664252,Not Recommended,251570,9590585,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Jbird107,"This game has been has been bugging out so much for me lately when I join multiplayer my wifi freaks out im usally in a skype call with my friends and i loose connection to skype and skype wont stop looking for connection then after this my wifi shuts down and says limited connection then I cant connect to anything, it was fun at first untill this stupid weird bug which now makes me so mad because ive had to reset my computer so much, also the times when I launched it and it literrally turned my screen black and I couldnt control alt delete, alt f4 or anything so right now this was a waste of my time and money."
,Recommended,251570,9597413,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Clementine,"if you have play Day Z,Minecraft, or Rust you need to try this i can say the graphics dosent matter on this game its something amazing but it need some fix :) keep the good work Creator of 7 days to die."
,Not Recommended,251570,9601422,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,wavy jone$,Not yet...Pros-Cool destruction engine-Big mapsCons-Runs like Crysis 3 on a Nvidia G-force 256 (really bad)-Has loads of bugs-Clunky combat and movement-Bad animationsAnd it's overpriced.
,Recommended,251570,9623296,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Captain Claw,"So if you want a highly optimizable zombie apocalypse with crafting, building, base defense, exploration and tons more then get this game. I mean you could even just turn zombies completely off and play in a normal zombie free apocalypse.- Updates weekly/bi weekly at most.-Multiplayer survival or just straight pvp with zombies thrown in.-Many options.CONS:- It does lag a little while playing but for me it's really no problem.(They'll fix it.)-No vehicles so it's a bit of a walk now and then. (They're going to add vehicles.)-A couple inventory glitches here and there. (There were more bugs with the inv but they have been addressed.)"
,Recommended,251570,9639362,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,röan,punched a zombie to death and won 1v110/10
76561198058251352,Recommended,251570,9640961,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,super_e89,"This game is great, for something only in the alpha stage of development I am extremely impressed. I am looking forward to the next lot of updates, this game will be a complete and utter gem once it is complete. Thankyou you to the devs for this Zombie smashing, camp looting, defence building mash up."
,Recommended,251570,9647502,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Oscar Sir Fluff,I recommend this game it's still in alpha stage but this game is amazing in ways it's similar to minecraft but fun and intense when it comes to surviving buy it play it with some friends im sure you'll enjoy it!
76561198085086224,Recommended,251570,9654095,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,PizzaDatAss,"If you like Minecraft and Dayz, this is your game."
76561198027553323,Recommended,251570,9655261,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Jizzy-J,"This game is sorta like minecraft just more realistic and zombies are EVERYWERE crafting is fun and if you play it with a friend  its even better.But becareful about night time that when zombies are faster,stronger,and they will stalk you and they are able to breaks blocks from your house so make sure you build traps and yes there are also traps in this game.Beware the game is still very new so there may be some bugs and theres lots of updates so the game is getting even better......rust can suck it."
,Recommended,251570,9670883,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,DarkCow,Good game so far can't wait to see how it will develope.
,Recommended,251570,9691760,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Mohag,Pretty amazing for an Alpha!  I'm hooked!
76561197969042489,Recommended,251570,9711163,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,NeO|GoD|Irish Anklebiter,"I have to say, this game has a lot to offer.  Yes there is a lot more still to go but you cant say much bad about a game that is at this stage of development. One thing I would like to see done is a fix that will stop people from being able to see everything underground. When a player is face to face with a wall or the ground, you can sometimes see everything, or say you are in a hole, if you cover yourself, you can see all the tunnels and other things above ground.Add a hatch to the game, that would be cool, I like to make underground bunkers but need a hatch to complete it. Again, great game so far, well worth the money."
,Recommended,251570,9728822,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,M',ets an gud gme denoutaden hastag bst zmbi gme twontiethirten
76561197994026513,Not Recommended,251570,9738105,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lou Cypher,"Against my better judgment I bought this game because of the gameplay concept behind it. Never again will I buy a game funded by a kickstarted campaign.  First of all, initially the game would not even start, I had to look online to find that I had to install the 32 bit version manually.  Then when it did start the game was laggy, then I was killed by a dog iside of 2 minutes because of said video lag.  The graphics should not have lagged I run much more video intense games on my machine with no problems.  The graphics I did see for the two whole minutes the game managed to run were extremely sub par, I'm talking they look like something from a game fifteen years ago.  Not that every game has to have the best graphics to be good, but they should be somewhat better than this.  Then the game just decided to stop and go back to desktop.  And now when I try to start the game it will not even get past the menu screen and actually load my first and only save. This game is a steaming pile of crap and I am going to ask for my money back."
76561197970179466,Recommended,251570,9738561,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Dodge_This,Alpha 15 and still relevant. Best standalone survival game out there. Hope they can tweak the graphics a little bit someday. As far game is concerned this will give you more than enough gameplay for your moneys worth. Most extensive crafting system in some of the recent survival games.Best Zombie game out there - they could leave it as it is and its still complete. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,251570,9739701,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,The Night King,"Dude this game is fuc*king awesome. If you like minecraft,the walking dead(tv),and building,defending and attacking games this is the game for you. You can craft,farm,and mine. Thus this game is amazing. If you buy it (if your computer can run it amazing like mine) you will love this game. To be honest if you play this game, this game has some scary♥♥♥♥♥noises and scary♥♥♥♥♥zombies that fuc*king jump you from behind. If you buy this game be prepard to♥♥♥♥♥♥ur pants."
76561198111225358,Recommended,251570,9769971,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,GREAT AGAIN,"First-person shooter, survival, tower defense combining crafting, looting, mining, exploration. Got to love it!"
76561197998362835,Recommended,251570,9776949,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ben,"""I don't nomally like this sort of game.""7 Days to die is an exception to this as I haave found myself strangely addicted to it.I think the mixed elements of serious survival, tower defence and of course huge in depth crafting system makes this game a classic even though it's still in early access.  The developers are patching this game in regular intervals and the patches are bringing significant changes into the gaming experience.  I find myself wanting to dig huge moats around my hand made castles and watch the hoards of undead stupidly fall in during their night raids attempting to eat my brains just to enjoy mopping them up with whatever my weapon of choice is on that day, usually an auger!There are so many customisation options available when creating you game too.I can't describe how much fun this game is -I still don't know why it got me so addicted for something that is still in early access -All I know is the game is great fun weather you play solo or online multiplayer and try to survive with friends.9/10 - Pick it up if you like these sorts of games as I'm sure you'll get hooked."
,Not Recommended,251570,9779837,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,syst3mshoq,Simply the worst game I have ever played. Granted it may only be in alpha there is room for potential however the state it is in right now the abundance of hackers and bugs makes the game nothing more then unplayable.
76561198055527254,Not Recommended,251570,9856756,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,FireTeamErie,"The game did look extremely fun, but it has a Graphic settings that are extremely hard on non-top of the line computers, I just hope they can find a way to ease down on the extensive graphic, but for now it's a no fly-zone.EDIT: Game (After 8a) is now sort of playable,  but it is still a very extensive game.EDIT: What I believe is one of the games problems is always active map/chunks, if we could switch to a system which uses On/Off chunks, that could improve on one of the problems"
76561198068364557,Recommended,251570,9858086,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,MajorKill,"Great game, mix between mine craft and dayz, so much poetential"
,Recommended,251570,9869395,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,jvseeney,If you like the walking dead you are going to love this.
,Recommended,251570,9905327,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Muuski,"I was introduced to this game by a youtube channel called Mack's Corner. I'm glad Mack has shown quite a few videos of this, because I love the game.While the zombie genre is not lacking in games, as they are being produced like Hollywood Blockbusters at the moment. A majority of them are god awful(I won't mention any names). This game succeeds where they go wrong. It blends things together so well. For an alpha, I was surprised at how good the gameplay was; the building, crafting and combat elements are fantastic. What this game is best for though, is atmosphere. You find zombies becoming more aggressive during the night, so you have to ensure you lock yourself away and build defenses or a house, while being chased by dozens of zombies. And believe me, when it's in the pitch black with the moon shining down with horrific zombie noises, it's pretty tense.The multiplayer is great, still needs a bit of work. But I've met some great people, as a whole the community seems great.There are some hiccups, such as frame rate issues, bugs such as floating trees and my backpack clipping into in the terrain and not being able to search it. But it's an alpha for God's sake what do you expect?This is one of the best purchases I've made, the developers have great contact with the community and release regular updates. May not appeal to all, but in my opinion this game is worth it's 18.99.Good Stuff!"
76561198121408018,Not Recommended,251570,9912753,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Jf The Pro,"Not worth $25 honestly, hopefully in the future, but as of right now just no. There is sadly so little to do and the items, locations, and buildings are all repetitive.This should be only like $5... at least until it gets good."
,Not Recommended,251570,9920964,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Klappstuhl,"Don't. It is overly expensive for what it is, and there are games that do it more charming or with more effort behind it. Instead, take your money and buy yourself a nice meal.TL/DR? Don't buy."
,Recommended,251570,9958824,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Rhinotaur,Best Zombie Survival Game EVER!
76561198008330592,Recommended,251570,9960085,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,pchayward,Come on board for a completely fresh experience in gaming - rather than just playing this great game - you also get to see it develop and contribute to what it becomes. I think this is a completely new appraoch to gaming - one that merges the game developers and the modding communities. The game itself is great now and will only get better as all the player feedback goes directly into the future development
76561198085344514,Recommended,251570,9966481,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,grewy30,it is an amazing game in my opinion and i would gladily recommend this game to anyone 14+
,Not Recommended,251570,10076916,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Futanari 2B,I have never regreted buying something so fast in my life.♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,251570,10087230,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Coolthulhu,Great game but lag definetly needs to be fixed. I bought this game for my friend also but we both lag even though we both have good computers. I looked it up and it seems as if those with good computers also have problems and i thik is an issue the creaters desperately need to work on.
76561198134457335,Recommended,251570,10087591,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BoxMan000111222,i love this game give it a try
76561198054809687,Recommended,251570,10097498,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Bog of Eternal Stench,"A very nice looking game for being in Alpha, and the devs have lived up to everything they've promised so far. But it is very unforgiving, so you cannot charge in expecting to survive easily. Its fun by yourself, but even better with multiple people. Overall, I highly recommend it, although it could be a bit cheaper."
76561198045197610,Recommended,251570,10102305,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ClickiVids,I'm loving this game :3
76561197983562379,Not Recommended,251570,10105542,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,MidAirMan,"This game is just horrible.  If I can save anyone from wasting their money I will be happy.  There are so many better games out there.  This had a lot of potential, but like other games in the genre it falls short to achieve anything it sets out to."
76561197997481263,Not Recommended,251570,10106245,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,datatroll,"OK.Well, I really like this game.  I know you are now asking yourself, ""Self, if he likes it than why isn't he reccommending it?""I will tell you, since you asked so nicely.Up until the patch a few weeks ago I had a hell of a lot of fun with this game.Now it glitches up and crashes my system with regularity.  I have graphical fragmanting, slow response, at times it is so bad I feel as though I am playing a slide show, and then it kills the machine and I have to reboot.For the record, my computer is old.  I make no excuses for this other than to say that if it ran fine before and it doesn't now, and apparently I am not alone in this, then the devs have screwed up something major and until they get it sorted out I won't be putting my personal stamp of approval on the thing.Which sucks balls, because before they did this I ruthlessly shanghied at least a dozen of my friends into buying it, and I have spent the last couple of weeks apologizing to them."
76561198031196584,Not Recommended,251570,10115977,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,KM2635,"yea no, giant waste of money."
,Not Recommended,251570,10143269,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,"Laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥.. WIsh the developors would do something about it... Sure it is still in Alpha, but it is way too laggy, you get like 1 fps. Some people say it is from the new update. I don't know but i don't recommend. Many people also say that is is laggy as fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck! Too bad i was really looking forward to this game and also spent $25 on this ♥♥♥♥ing game.Short story.... DONT GET IT!"
76561198116673285,Not Recommended,251570,10154284,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ghost65,"I would like to know why i cant create a world. A message pops up that says ""Fatal error in GC too many heap sections"". Also I NEVER EVEN GOT TO PLAY! I am really mad that my $24.99 went to waste. It also crashes alot even though the world is not loaded yet and exits on it's own. I saw it and it seemed like a very good game until this happened. I would like to have help soon please so i could give this game a good rating."
76561198057521157,Recommended,251570,10185449,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,bloodskulls,7 days to die is one of my most played games i just love the thrill of playing it i give this game a 10/10
,Not Recommended,251570,25089254,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Quacka,overhyped
76561197971338589,Recommended,251570,25395205,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,FuNkY MaNgO,"What's that coming over the hill is it a monster? Is it a monster?! I don't know because the draw distance is terrible...If you love sandbox survival with Z's and can play a game for gameplay sake whilst ignoring the dated looking graphics then this game is for you. Its is the best out there that I have played and find myself coming back to after checking out the next ""Unique"" survival game that is supposed to change everything. There are a ton of options for setting up your world(private/LAN)/server etc. enabling a completely different play style from one game to the next as you are able to weight the game to your style of play. So from a server dedicated to PvE base building, farming, heavy duty materials with little to no Z's and no death penalty to the complete opposite server/LAN setup of PvP, hordes, scavenging and protecting your huge stash of guns in your fortified tower.PROS:Tons of fun (especially in coop)Hours of gameplayLots of crafting recipesGood atmospherePvP/PvE servers + public dedicated and LAN optionsBase buildingLand/Env deformationQuests (Basic)CONS:Still in AlphaPoor graphics (Due to Unity[4] Engine and voxel landscape combo)Bad quality animation /textures /assetsLow production soundsBugs"
76561198030129683,Recommended,251570,34598320,Posted: 29 August,all,Gilly,Awesome game. best with a friend. would reccomend
76561197973557141,Recommended,251570,34602167,Posted: 30 August,all,mattyjax,"I strictly stick to single player. tend to iron man random gen maps and once I die start over.  Keep it fairly dialed down on difficult (no runners, plenty of loot, weak zoombies) like a challenge without getting beat to death.I've got 1K hours in to this game and I just keep loading it... The exploration and that gradual build of a base keeps drawing me back.For me the biggest thing I want to express is how pleased I am with the developers.  I've had my share of early access flops over the years. I love the concept and I accept the risk going in... I'm good with it.Seeing where 7DTD has come from its early versions to where it is is fantastic.  I passed when I first saw it, had no idea it would end up at the top of my list but it did.  About alpha 12 or so when I looked back at it, was really impressed and no regrets about buying it.  If it ended today, sure I'd be unhappy it didn't finish but the game they have now and the communities ability to mod it... It's been well the worth the price to me."
,Recommended,251570,15220710,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Shojun94,"Amazingly promissing game!7 Days to Die is a game of unusual promise. A truly open world, sandbox, building and most of allSURVIVALgame that expects you to keep alert and uneasy at all times.A wonderful sensation of danger and adrenaline keeps pumping through endless hours of the game while you grow from a simple (un)lucky survivor to a one man zombie scourge.There are a few bugs and aspects that need tweeking but its an alpha so I wont even adress that.I would recommend increasing graphic and gameplay costumization and settings and also making the game less laggy.80/100"
76561198129245223,Recommended,251570,24306516,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Princess Mara,"Build, chop, run, do it all over again. Oh and on every 7th day good luck!"
76561197988032575,Recommended,251570,14539380,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sleviron,better than Minecraft and 1 million times better than DayZ i don't know what more you would want!?
76561198008599944,Recommended,251570,15052764,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Cheerupemokid,"One of the best games in developement in the market. The aspect I enjoy is being able to password protect a server with your close friends and be able to play the game to your liking and avoid unsolicited PVP. In terms of building, the options we have can create anything from an Applebee's restaurant to the Walking Dead Prison.   I would like to see the devs be able to allow us to either domesticate animals like chickens and pigs since food does get scarce. Salt which you would think is essential for numerous applications including food preservation is missing. Also there currently are no modes of transportation aside from walking/running.Overall though, worth getting and the game continually develops."
76561198142156204,Recommended,251570,30381717,Posted: 7 March,all,Alex,"The most meticulous game of hide and seek ever! But in all seriousness, this a great game and you should pick it up if you like crafting and zombies. Even if it wasn't on sale I'd still pay the full price, it's just that good!"
76561197985261984,Recommended,251570,17126103,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lynostriin,"Well, after i spent some time with this game, i thought of writing a short review - here it is.The game is still in development, but from my first minutes till now, it has been quite stable and solid.I can only tell from very rare ctd's and things like that.The improvents are pretty frequent as the Funpimps seem to work with a lot of dedication and passion.You'll see quite fast Hotfixes if necessary after a major release which is also great.The game itself is fun ..., though i'd change the zombie behavior (i don't like zombies smashing through solid rock only because its in their way).However, the game becomes more and more a huge postapocalyptic world with scavanging, looting, crafting ..., survival and yes, zombies.All feels well balanced, the crafting is getting as exciting as it should be due  to the lack of receipes at the start. You really have to go out into the world hoping to find that ******* book you need to get the proper crafting skill. And fortunately the books are also less frequent wich adds to the survival factor.There is already a decent wellness system to keep the player searching for good food instead of just killing himself to start with full food and drink again (was a ""feature"" in past releases :P ).There is hunting and mining ... and much more.I'm recommending the game - for sure!"
,Recommended,251570,30561573,Posted: 16 March,all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"For a survival sandbox game, it's one of the best."
76561198065765519,Recommended,251570,8979882,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Where's Dad ?,"this is a great game with amazing gameplay michanics but some things are realy missing, if you want this game to be amazing in the future you need some more features. such as: make fire arms harder to find than mele weapons, more veriaty of weapons, fix some bugs, make mags for weapons easier to make ( but i have no idea because im a retard) make a zombie apocolyps FEEL like a zombie apocolyps, more charecter's with different specialties kinda like different classes in a way, and much more for that zombie apocolyps feel. but still a fun game"
76561198024102477,Recommended,251570,8982118,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Jay T. Dawgzone,"Great design, with many flaws. Definately advise going and watching a few tutorials before playing because learning it can be more of a nightmare than a journey. Look forward to the finished/ polished product."
,Recommended,251570,9023804,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,boby1978,"crafting, building, shooting and Zombies, whats not to like :-)Sure there are some glitches but hey its a alpha, some glitches are expected.But hey, it plays better than some  resent highend games on release day.Its realy fun and there is so mucht to explore.The potential for the future is incredible.Keept up the good work and keep the new content comming."
,Recommended,251570,9048466,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Scaramouch,"One of the scariest games i have ever played. You think slender is scary, try going into a burned down forest and listen to the haunting screams of the undead."
,Recommended,251570,9024477,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,crabulus maximus,7 days to die - i: so many days to die - i
,Recommended,251570,9055201,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,+XCF+Dark (V)age,yes minecraft meets day-z
76561198109250287,Recommended,251570,8985507,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,TeslaCoyle,"I reckon this is already a great game and will get better. Sure some work needs doing but the creators of 7D2D is constantly fixing bugs and working on new updates. The money is alot but hopefully it will lower to £20. I've already had lots of jump scares, laughs and some HELL YEAH moments. 7D2D gives me a Minecraft like game and makes it better. The gravity, the AI, the zombies, all add together to make a game I thoroughly enjoy!"
,Recommended,251570,9012202,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,The Baconator (No Sound),"Fun modern Minecraft style Zombie Survival Game. You mine, you craft items, you fight zombies, your scavange for food and weapons. So far I am having quite a lot of fun with this game."
,Recommended,251570,9022302,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Flemdog,love it!
76561198061302358,Recommended,251570,9190944,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,TomHud™,getting a lot of bad reviews an dnot sure why.I know the game is in Alpha and people should remember this when deciding to part with their money.The game wroks fine to me and i have nps with it at all.My only gripe is i want drawbridges and traps - stuff that zombies cant destroy as the doors are basically useless.Game is good and yes its quite expensive but you will find u get a lot for your money.Cant waiti for Alpha 7
76561198008530195,Recommended,251570,9404162,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Cleaner409,Awesome game so far. The developers are listening to the community when it comes to updates and changes. The game mechanics are constantly being improved on and worked on. The content is being added to almost every week so far and sometimes twice a week. All in all I can see this game going really far if they keep up the momentum they have had to date.
76561197971611259,Recommended,251570,9494545,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Oldbolt,"I'm loving this game.  The amount of options available to you before you even start the game makes me happy.  Do I want zombies to respawn?  Do I want the night/ day to last longer?  How much damage do I want the zombies to make?  How much damage do I want to make to zombies/buildings/terrain etc.  How many people do I want to allow to play with me?  Do I want to play solo/co-op/multiplayer/ Horde/deathmatch.  These are just a few of the things  I can think of off the top of my head.The graphics are not the best out there but they do the job.  The zombies seem dumb at first but wait till night time :/So much more to do and make than Rust has at the moment.No lag for me on my medium gaming machine.It's Alpha yes, but for £18.99 I wouldn't mind if they never updated it again(as I type this there is another update downloading).  I think it is well worth the money and playable as is.I always return to 7DTD when I hit the 'gamer brick wall.' 283 games on steam alone.  When I look at the list and cant decide what to play 7DTD brings me back to gaming happiness.Thank you, The Fun Pimps, for keeping me gaming.Still proud to play this game."
76561197991850708,Recommended,251570,9631516,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tijoeg,After reading review i didn t want to buy it.But watch many video and decide to buy it.Worth all the penny.Awsome game and lots of potential.
,Recommended,251570,9648768,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Daggan,"Minecraft, Left for Dead/Dayz all in one game. It's awesome!"
,Recommended,251570,9744224,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,FroZen Jung Un,kick♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,251570,9838616,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Rush,"CAN I PLEASE HAVE MY MONEY BACK, WHY DOES THIS ENGINE EVEN EXIST. HOW IS THIS 25$. WHAT"
76561198094252101,Not Recommended,251570,9896984,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,{RAV}Cosa Krouton,This game is crap.  And that is if you can get it to run.
,Recommended,251570,10089378,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Havel The Rock,"I want to play with people, so sent me a friend request because i have no friends who play this yet. :3"
,Recommended,251570,10221618,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Noodle,"I don't know what i did to make it work (probably worked because i installed the 32 bit dunno) but i am now SO happy to play the game its so fun! but i have a question is it possible for you to invite a friend to your new game or do you have to make a server to do that? really love the game but still waiting for  the summer sales thing to come so i can gift it to my friend and not spend alot of money on it. This game made me so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at first and sad because i truly put my faith into this game but when i couldent play it , it ruined that faith but now that i can play again im happy because the faith i had in it was true because its an AWESOME game i now recommend this to EVERYBODY :D happy hunting ,scavenging, and last but not least happy surviving!"
,Recommended,251570,10520583,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ComradeJagrad,"Loving this game 100% and eagerly anticipating Alpha 13!This game is currently ranked #1 in play time out of all the games I've ever owned (with the exception of World of Warcraft, but that was a serious addiction while this game is simply extremely fun to play).There are a lot of similar games out there, but this one definitely takes the cake in my opinion. It's a lot more co-op based when playing multiplayer, which I personally find to be more interesting than games like Rust and DayZ which are basically just reeeally boring PVP FPS games where you are minorly inconvenienced by survival style needs. In 7 Days you can work toward the goal of creating your ideal base (or really anything you feel the need to create!)10/10 and only getting better each update. The devs are amazing and they listen to feedback without pandering to the lowest common denominator."
,Recommended,251570,10576595,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Aquatic Pickle,Yes.... just yes
76561198089099221,Recommended,251570,8868202,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Bonniesumo1,"HONEST REVIEW - 7 Days to Die is a good game, I have played many hours of it and have loved playing it. Sure it has a few bugs but you can still play it. If you liked Minecraft and DayZ you should like this, the only big problem I have with this game is its price, for a Alpha its a bit much, should be at least half the price, I got this on sale, so I would wait till it goes back on sale which it has been a few times since it came out. I have not played it online but have heard good things, there a singleplayer mode which is great, one of the things I hated about DayZ was other players always killing you and taking your things that you work so hard for, sure some people may like this but for me it just ruined the game, too many bad players. The Singleplayer mode only has one map but its big. The developers are bring a random/custom map mode which means you will get a different map every new game you play, you can custom your own weapons and tools which is easy to do and I think the Zombies in this game are a lot more better than the DayZ Zombies, the AI is alright and the sound the Zombies make is terrifying, at Day the Zombies are slow like Night of the Living Dead but when night comes they are fast and strong like 28 Days Later and get ready for a night of Hell, they come through the windows, then the walls, you can only hope you make it through the night, no place to hide as they can smell your blood, can only run or fight to survive. If you do make it through the night, you have to keep on searching for things to keep you alive, as you know by night they will be back and will be a lot stronger, faster and a lot more, as the more days you survive the harder it gets. I begin this review by calling it a Honest Review, the reason for this is that there a lot of Minecraft and DayZ fanboys out there who for what ever reason have  got this game only to give it a negitive review, I know, its very sad, they will not give this game a chance, saying that its just a copy of there game, this is true, 7 Days to Die has a lot in common with Minecraft and DayZ but that makes it even better, this game has took the best out of Minecraft and DayZ and has made a brillant game, I really hope people are not put off by this campaign of HATE, most reviews on Youtube have loved it, you can look for yourself, 7 Days to Die is a good game but buy it when its on sale."
76561197975993674,Recommended,251570,9060976,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Thoth,An amazing alpha release... really looking forward to more content... Amazing job guys!
76561198096017851,Recommended,251570,9163462,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Stan,its fun
76561198009302682,Recommended,251570,9205661,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Zilron,Armaggedon bunker fetish
,Recommended,251570,9271211,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,michael.almeida,This game is amazing and it only in alpha i can not what to see what they have in store for the future.
76561198055202282,Recommended,251570,9298647,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,mike,"Good Start to what i think could be great>Recommenedations to the design team1. NPC would be a huge asset to the game. Three typesa. Netrual traders (honest mission givers or welchers to be slain)b. followers (1-3) max who can mule for us, carry our stuff and fight with you when attacked, can die and turn zombie themselves. Something a player CAN emotionally bond with and as they eat your food. Someone who will desert you when morale is low, or you can dismiss to befriend another. Brings the element of choice into the mix.c. Evil human survivors (non human players)  - npc's that raid or can be raided.Next, allow a  contolled selectable spawn rate per day. -  or a set starting amount of zombies. Its frustrating to see zombies  poppin out of no where when you just cleared an area. There are only so many people in a small-mid size town. Killing them all, provides a goal.3. Build a story into the arc - there could be ample 'choose your own' minI quests, skyrim style- as you wonder you stumble into ""... the prison or the hospital "" places to fight for to live, that will have goodie rewards,4. Something a player could roleplay likeThe Scientist: to research for a cure with other scientist npcs. Who accumulate research points every day they are alive so long as you inhabit a laboratory.The Family Guy:  A ""safe zone"" myth-ison where  a player must travel discretely over 500 miles to get to what is believed to be a safe harbor where your family waits for you.The Soldier:  The victory conditions is kill them all.Survivialist: Live the next ten years off the land.Get bore of one - switch to another. Scientist - turned soldier. Father turned Survivalist. Survivalist turned Scientist.ie: wizard - thief - warrior - ranger - rpgMini quests - reunite missing children and parents.  Saving the weak. Protecting the young. With meager rewards like complex items - recipes to build the more complex items - safe place to stay. Raid some humans. etcBottom line the game has great tools and mechanics but without something for a player to invest in - its likely not going to go that far.best of luck"
76561198067567241,Recommended,251570,9377421,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Shigjetar,"Amazing game and amazing developers!I was very sceptical of this game's $25 (and earlier $35) price tag at first, but after playing the game I have no problem paying that much for this. Yes, the game is in alpha, but the amount of fun I've had in the game already has proven to me that this game will be beyond incredible when it does reach a ""retail release""The game has beautiful graphics, but I can also play it on my craptop with integrated graphics perfectly if you turn shadows off, and the game still looks great.I can honestly say this is the game I've been waiting for. It has the sandbox crafting/building of minecraft, the player interaction of DayZ (though I hope voice chat will be implemented soon), and the zombie survival/stealth/fighting that no other game has combined so well before. The only issue I've noticed with the game is that the combat itself is pretty choppy, but despite that it remains solid, if you stab something or shoot it, it's going to take damage. I'm sure it will be smoothed out over time.I have no qualms paying $25 for such a great alpha. The developers listen to feedback and they update frequently. They are obviously very dedidcated to the game and it provides a great user experience.Can't wait to see where this game goes!"
,Recommended,251570,9398606,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,adr.,"Awesome game, have lots of fun playing this with my brother. Every time an update comes out I get really excited, so, yeah. Pretty epic game. 8/10, would recommend."
,Not Recommended,251570,9404610,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,DIneroMateo,"This WAS a great game, until I tried playing online with friends. Would crash every ten minutes and I would lose my inventory+all newly found materials would disappear from the game permanetly; while my friends were in the same exact spot that the game crashed in. Now my game will not even start up and I am going to have to re-install. Until this is fixed I would not recommend this game for MAC users, save your $25.00!!!"
76561198051812443,Not Recommended,251570,9540764,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Negan,"Was fun for the first couple days as you build up your base. Once you have looted the towns and built your base well it is just boring after that. If you enjot minecraft and just like to dig and build stuff then i think you would love this game. Other than building stuff there really isnt much to do in this game, although the crafting in this game is really enjoyable."
,Recommended,251570,9556363,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,bmbadger97,"Even in its Alpha state, it is still extremely entertaining. I have played for about 18 hours and have only just really figured out all that you can do and build in the game. I would definitely recommend to play this on a server with a friend because it makes the game even more entertaining. I am very excited to see how this game progresses. If you like sandbox and/or zombie games, I highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,251570,9556477,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kernow pig,"I played rust for 130hrs+ in few weeks... loved it. Dayz  - loved it. Trying space explorers and loving it.This game, 7 days to die...... I hate. I'm not sure why .... Sorry if thats too vague. GFX - everything looks 'wrong' ... wrong scale, clunky, like a bad counter strike custom map. It didn't feel open world / sandbox - just some roads and houses with 'f**cking annoying enemies in between'I WANTED to feel the need to survive and build defences etc... (like minecraft etc) but just ended up getting frustrated , and BORED AS HELL waiting overnight in a house while zombies tested my defences.Not a very constructive review..... just my 'gut feeling' for this game!"
76561198089166148,Not Recommended,251570,9600082,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,bthbrad,No other way to say this so im just gonna say it. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥Piece of garbage for $25maybe if it was under $10 it would be okay.
76561198045805489,Recommended,251570,9627936,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,THE IT FACTOR,"Really love the game(:! FUN PIMPS keep up the great work and i love the smooth terrain, it gives the game a awesome look and feel!"
,Recommended,251570,9646670,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Jesstafurr,"One of the best games I have ever played! And the best part is, IT IS STILL IN ALPHA STAGE!!! Amazing potential, Fun Pimps have done an incredable job!"
,Recommended,251570,9690313,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,burdis,very good
,Recommended,251570,9693182,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Gring,"Think of it as Minecraft with mutch better graphic, Very Fun Game."
76561198075668226,Recommended,251570,9745413,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tofu?,"im saddened to see how poorly it runs on the mac, no matter how much you try to reduce the lag it still has a major delay in responses. they need to opimize it way better. BUT! the game has amazing potential and when the lag is not as high it is definatly a game worth buying."
76561198004797842,Recommended,251570,9804546,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Fuck You,much fun
76561197968849733,Recommended,251570,9808308,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Solaratov,"Easily the most stable and feature rich Early Access game I've played. It delivers exactly as advertised, sandbox zombie survival with crafting and base building."
,Recommended,251570,9857241,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,GollemGaming12,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,251570,9881884,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,GreenOutBoy,Fun Yet challenging very hard to understand the first 10 minutes then you get used to it
76561198133503800,Recommended,251570,9905900,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Donna Meagle,"Always crashes and its annoying when it isn't, however its a great game could still use a lot more additions to the game and has a lot of potential"
,Recommended,251570,9973673,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ian,"At this point, I will reccommend supporting the pimps and getting this game.  It has a bright future with a crew like the Fun Pimps working on it.  Huge upgrades over the last few months and riviting gameplay.  They've build a fantastic crafting system which supports a gigantic PVP and PVE setting.  I can only imagine the bounds of customization to come.I love any game when the developers actually take your feedback into consideration and improve the game with it.  A lot of respect for the crew."
,Recommended,251570,10330770,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,rhoms,"That was unexpected; this statement is what I can best say to describe my experience with 7 Days to Die so far. It was unexpected that it would be so good. It was unexpected that it would be so much fun to fight off zombies in what seemed to be just another zombie survival game. It was unexpected that I would find a surprisingly deep game in something that is otherwise bland at first glance.If 7 Days to Die nails one thing right away, it's atmosphere. While the graphics look relatively unflattering, to be kind, and the frames can drop down to awful at times, the game draws you in with the fear of the undead peering at you through their sunken eyes. The zombies are downright scary to deal with in the beginning, but it only amps up in intensity when you have to fight off hordes of them. That's right, hordes. They pour around the buildings, shuffling around in a rhythmic advance, while you crouch beneath your shattered staircase holding your breath despite yourself. The fact that their awareness is through the smell of the items such as food that you carry in your backpack and your toolbar, and the fact that they can indeed hear you just adds to the intensity of the game.I could go on for a good while about the pros and cons about the game, but I'll wait for the full version to be released. As of now, FPS drops and some poor game mechanics bog down an otherwise good game destined for greatness in future updates. Is it DayZ? No. Is it Minecraft? No. Is it something you've seen before but somehow special? Yes. 7 Days to Die proves itself as one of the most promising Early Access titles currently available on Steam today."
76561198044908920,Recommended,251570,10545801,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Untouchable Juggalo,good game but work in progress!!
,Not Recommended,251570,10548651,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Villainous Bun,"Uggh, the single player is boring and I have no friends. It's a fine game, just make sure you have friends."
,Recommended,251570,10596789,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Samurai2812,"7 days to die is a great early access game for a survival crafting world. Its scavenging system is awesome if you have your loot spawn up to 200%. Crafting is cool because it doesnt tell you the ingredients. There is much more to discuss, but i cant wait until its fully finished."
,Recommended,251570,9060146,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Snek","Will be much better once they add in all the promised featutres. But as of now, it's bugless, plays well, and it extremely fun as is. A good buy."
,Recommended,251570,9161991,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Fat Cunt,its a little glitchy but it was  fun for a while
76561198055714302,Recommended,251570,9166641,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Harambe's Spirit Child,"I absolutely love this game. I bought a 2-pack and gave one to my friend, he loves it too. I hear complaints about the price but I personally think it's worth it. As it stands now; the game looks good, runs great (for me at least, and I have a bad laptop for games) has fairly decent AI, and is very fun! It has a few bugs, off hand I can think of some AI pathing and hit detection issues, but those will subside in time. This game has great potential and I highly recommend it.**EDIT**7.1 was just released, and with it a variety of changes. I noticed the vast difference in graphics, especially the new lighting and terrain smoothing, which gives the world a more realistic look and feel. Probably the best feature is the stealth system, it's now much more fun and intense to sneak around at night gathering supplies or hiding in an attic til morning praying you won't get eaten by the horde outside. Game is still great, and getting better, buy it."
,Recommended,251570,9202613,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Aboriginal_Panda,"Great, Great Game! It may look differant on the pictures but i fully enjoyed this game! It is only in its alpha stages but the quality of the game allready is great!"
76561198029813281,Recommended,251570,9236314,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Buds™,"""Day7(Z)"""
76561198003223033,Not Recommended,251570,9251709,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,allanwhall,"I realize this is an alpha, but damn. This thing is an unplayable wreck, and it looks bloody awful. Huge buyers remorse, and if i could get my money back i would. One good thing i guess is this was a valuable lesson i will not soon forget."
76561198087624489,Recommended,251570,9265346,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,FALCON,"This is a great game. Lots of loot to help with surviving, Buidling a base is awesome, there are so many materials to choose from and all available in game. I chose to make a deep underground home with all the mod cons. I love it, so far only breached once. at the enterance i made a brick structure with metal doors.. I like to melee the zombies, shooting is too easy.The only thing that i find frustrating is that the admin commands dont seem to work in game. It could be easier, to set up. Had loads of issues getting my server to work right in the begining, no one seems to know how to sort things. One feature i hate, is the cheat being available to all players. They come on to your server and blow everthing up with rocket launchers, the cheat should be a part of the admin tools and in the single player, not to all players, Easily fixed with a password protected server, but, you miss out on other players. I highly recommend this game even in this early stage its brillant. get it now."
76561198122032810,Recommended,251570,9310661,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,YoUr FaThEr,this game went from being amazing to real ♥♥♥♥♥♥ real fast with this new update the stealth system is so dumb and there is a huge bug i feel like u guys made it even worst
76561198075602200,Recommended,251570,9326265,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,steelegolfing,"GREAT GAME!! A perfect mix between Minecraft and DayZ. I'm not very fond of intense zombie games, and I love that you can adjust spawning rates! Some bugs, but what great game doesn't have some bugs in freaking ALPHA? I LOVE this game. So much fun. The map is plenty big, so no worries. LOVE LOVE LOVE!"
,Recommended,251570,9353468,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Nathan Mayer Rothschild,yeppy yeppy yep yep yeppy yeppy yep
,Recommended,251570,9784819,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Doctor Strange,"Great game A bit buggy, needs some work, but within the next year i bet it will be the best game on the market"
,Recommended,251570,10389684,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Cruz,i love this game had a lot of laughs while playing with my friends and i love how i can make certain challanges for myself and more diffcult and challenging how i play it keeps getting better cant wait for the new stuff they will be adding eventually
,Recommended,251570,10397265,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mortone,"The Survival Horde Crafting Game!So… if you have tried a game like Minecraft - you will understand some of the gameplay here. Just add a few things to your vision of Minecraft:1. Remember the paranoia from Left4Dead when you encountered the witch first time? That feeling will be there much more… almost all the time… Especially at night!2. Add the lack of Gravity from Minecraft into this game and add some better looking graphics.3. Add zombies… a lot of zombies… daylight is as in the movie “Night of the Living Dead” and the nights are more like “World War Z”4. Add a lot of guns!To boil it all down it’s a mixture of the best from Minecraft added with the best from games like Left4Dead or Rust or DayZ.If you’re into paranoia, zombies and survival games – then this is it!Haven’t tried a game that after 30 minutes play forced me to crawl into a corner with my torch inside a small church for another 30 minutes of play time… just staring at the entrance and waiting for daylight to come!"
,Recommended,251570,10544211,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,GamingHand,Most fun I've had in a game like this since Minecraft.
,Recommended,251570,10558689,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mercury111996,"Great Game 10/10, this game in Alpha (8.6 when i wrote this) is far more fun, entertaining and replayable than many AAA titles I have played. The crafting, construction and survival elements are everything that I always wanted in a true Open World Survival game and while the combat may be basic at the moment its still a brilliant experience alone or with friends online. The zombies can be a challenging enemy and my first few playthroughs did not go terribly well, trust me when I say that while buiding a tower to stay our of their reach sounded like a good idea (since i completely forgot at the time that the game has collapse physics for blocks) it certainly went south when by entire house collapsed with me inside.Great Game, would reccomend to anyone seeking a fun and engaging experience."
76561197964373272,Recommended,251570,9116214,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ninjazz,"I'm not quite sure what the deal is with all the negative reviews, so I thought I'd chip in my own.First and foremost everyone, keep in mind this game is an ALPHA. It's not even to the stage of Beta yet, yet the game is a lot of fun and is only going to be getting better.There are many good and bad points to list so I'll just start make a list of points here:The GOOD-- Gameplay is fun- The zombies present a very real challenge- The physics engine and gravity make for an interesting challenge- Multiplayer Works Well- COOP!The BAD-- Some hacker/Griefer issues- Placeholder Graphics (for now)- Zombies can be annoyingly noisy- Server Admins need better tools- Some glitches/bugs and optimization stuff etc (It's an alpha)Overall I'm having a blast with the game. It plays well, it's fun, and it's a CHALLENGE, at least compared to a lot of the competition out there right now.The zombies can tear through nearly anything eventually, meaning you need to keep a vigil on your base to keep it from eventually collapsing. (Or be cheap and try to take advantage of a couple of well known exploits)You won't be building bases in the sky, because there's this funny thing called gravity...Oh, and it's dangerous to go out at night. Seriously, not a good idea.The crafting system, while rough, is quite impressive. Multiplayer games is really a joy, getting in a working with others to setup a base, or even town, together.There's PVP too, but only if the server has the function enabled. The game is really intended to be played coop.The graphics are so-so, but most of them are just temporary place-holders while the devs work to get all the background stuff working first, and then will later try to make it look prettier. (You know, doing the actual important stuff first, the way it should be done.) The lighting and things though are top notch. Despite the loaner graphics things look pretty nice overall.A lot of people give the game crap because of it's price. $35? Is that really so bad? I mean, sure it's more than minecraft or Rust, but it's still a long ways away from that $50-$60 for most AAA titles, and I've spent a lot more time enjoying this than most any AAA in recent memory. Plus you're supporting an indie developer that has no big publisher lording over them.So really, I always hear people complain about the price of the game, but they're comparing it to cheap titles, and not to computer games in general. All in all, it's up to you whether you think it's worth the price tag or not, I've not regretted buying it myself.Overall,The game is still in Alpha, and there's already so much fun to be had with it, most any of the problems (except the occasional hacker or griefer on public servers) are pretty minor. I've played most of the big name survival games coming up, Rust, Nether, etc. and this has so far been my favorite. I'm very excited to see where the devs take this from here on."
76561198001476196,Recommended,251570,9119851,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sanity'sEdge,"This is kind of a review, but foremost a reply to TeeJaxOff's review:TeeJaxOff's review is based on Alpha 4 (or maybe an early Alpha 5 version), but now the game is in Alpha 6 (almost 7 from what I read on the official forums. so much for updates getting in too slow.). It looks much better now, new biomes were implemented, the crafting system got an overhaul, and many more stuff was changed, added or fixed. Also I never encountered performance issues (i5 2500k+, gtx760, 8GB RAM, Win7), apart from one time when there were many, many zombies around tearing at my base, when also the roof (and it was a very big roof) came down on me, only then I experienced lag. The Hiding System isn't implemented yet, but it will. To a degree zombies already react to sound, but the problem that Zombies find you everywhere isn't that bad anymore. As for the no chance when the zombie horde comes: It is somewhat supposed to be that way. You scavenge during daytime and hide through the night, else you are in serious trouble, but that I consider to be fun part of the game. If you are out, far away from your base and you realize you won't make it back in time, you look for an abandoned building and build some makeshift fortifications (grab anything, chairs, tear down walls,...barricade the entrances and hide under the roof until it's day again). I find this review to be unfair and incorrect. There are issues, but it is an alpha, not even beta, so that is perfectly normal. The communication between the staff and the alpha testers/customers is in need of improvement, but it also isn't as bad as TeeJaxOff makes it sound like. Yes, he writes that he has no doubt that this game can be good one day, but nonetheless due to his review there will be many people who won't even consider giving the game a chance. It reads like this is one of the worst products of all times and this is far from truth. This is a great game, with even more potential, despite it's current flaws. It could be even better by now, but not with such a small staff (speaking of, they should hire 2-3 more people imo). Yes the price is set too high and it should be lower while it is in alpha/beta, but noone is forcing you to buy it at this price at the present development stage. Give it a try now, but realize that it is an unfinished product or wait until it's finished and then maybe take a second look, and then I'm pretty sure that you wouldn't believe that this game and the game in the review by TeeJaxOff could be the same.I recommend the game, though I know that it isn't finished and there is still alot missing, but I also know that this game will kick♥♥♥♥♥when it's done (and it's great fun even at this stage). Also I'm anxiously awaiting Alpha 7, wich will also give the game better textures and some terrain-improvement (a little less blocky ;) ), also the Hiding-System should be in then, which would be awesome (though if it's not, no big deal, it's done when it's done)."
76561198073457571,Recommended,251570,9172986,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Nightmare,"7 Days to Die got a lot better now, but lets see what great graphical improvements and new features the future alpha versions will bring to us survivors. The game is unique and after 220 hours of gameplay it doesnt even get a little bit boring since the developer is publishing every several months a complete new version of this game."
76561198054265069,Recommended,251570,9184052,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Axeca,"7S2D is Great with Friends, i paid full price for 4 Copies for friends and don't Regret any of it.The Fun Pimps are helpful and they try there best to hear out what the commuminty has to say just like how they lowerd the price and many other things that will be coming soon!Note:[ To anyone who wants stuff (NOW) or who don't have patients for updates  i suggest you don't buy ANY Early Access Games seeing as you don't understand what your getting your self into]For anyone who wants to know what this game is like Just think of MineCraft with More Zombies/Guns/Survival With More to come soon as the game is still in (ALPHA) and the The Fun Pimps are always trying there best to bring us somthing new or better!"
,Recommended,251570,9207517,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Psycho_Vincent,"When i first played this wonderful game my first reaction was '' This is truly awesome, i can't wait to build my own castle'' but then my ''dreams'' were broken as soon as it became night. The zombies started to gather together only to wreck my poor shelter and there after spawn kill me. It was almost as if the zombies took steroids and went rampage against every thing that moved (and houses). I felt terribly scared when i hear zombie moaning 24/7, I called for my freind and started to search for a possible permanently shelter. Luckily we found a shelter and started to learn more and more about the game and all the opportunities within the game, but i also got a chance to see the bad side of the game, here is some examples* Zombies are to op overall* Some mobs start to behave strange (bugs)* Little shaggy graphics if you get too close to the object* Too small mapHere is some good examples* Realy good game if you wan't to have fun with your friends* Scary as heck* Realistic enviroment* Gravityand many many more things that you will discover if you play the game, i recomend you to play it with friends or other people."
76561198111278600,Recommended,251570,9265467,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,necromarker killer,"this game is an amzing amount of fun i dont get why people say it lags to much (it lags a ton when i start it up but after like 3 minutes it stops and runs perfectly) but my laptop only has 4GB of RAM and it runs smoothly my video card isnt an Nvidia but it still is made for video games, but the only things that should be changed is when you start a new level its the same map every level (if your playing survival) i havnt tried any other mode but i know they have different maps and there are radiation zones that when you walk on them you start to die i think its all the awy around the map i havnt really walked all the way around the map yet another thing is that the crafting is sorta hard to figure out at first but after a while it becomes really simple but the only way to make the iteams show up in the create menu thing is to have all the supplies ready and the finaly thing is i havnt really figured out how or if you can to level up your abilitys. (edit) alright so after having this game for sometime now i have to admit its got its ups and its downs like something i noticed is that stags wont die unless shot 3 times even if its between the eyes and how in the trailer it says there would be bandits there isnt any (im hopeing that they will be in future updates) and how no matter what you do a zombie will find a way to destroy your base that you spent such a long time on and thats another thing there should be a game option decideing if zombies can or can not destroy blocks. Another issue that i have is the random roaming hordes i mean it was fun and scary at first but after the 13 or 14th time it gets irratating especially when there aimed directly at your base. The biggest issue i have had so far is trying to kill crawling zombies with tall grass around because you dont hit the zombie your hitting the grass and how when you sneak your supposed to be undetected if your behind a wall well the zombies still find you out of no where. But the good things that i like is that when you chop a tree down that there isnt thousands of wood every where and it dosent take 10 mins. weps and tools are really easy to find especially if you go to the jail and even then you can just find a fully loaded shot gun in a purse laying in the middle of the desert lol. the building is really simple and easy once you find out how to do it the only thing is though it is very time consuming (especially with a random roaming horde every 10 mins). Now i know games are supposed to be challenging but why would it take 30sec to look threw a small sports duffle bag? now i understand that safes and ammo boxes are usually locked but for a duffle bag thats a little long. Now to the multiplayer, i love playing multiplayer its just even when your playing in a PvE (player vs enemy) server the other players constantly kill you still its a bit to hard to kill a player with a spiked club. dont get me wronf i seriously enjoy this game i really do recommend this game (especially becasue the price went down 15$ from when i bought it >.<) but if your one of those people where you HAVE to play the perfect games and only perfect games then dont buy this game but if your into a game with a few bugs and multiple updates in the future then hell ya buy this game"
,Recommended,251570,9295962,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,AfterShock,"Love the game, Just waiting for more updates"
,Not Recommended,251570,10043040,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Poonslayer,"Just can't recommend a game as poorly optimised as this. If it improves in later updates then it would be great, because the gameplay is fine but the optimisation hinders it greatly."
76561198038048165,Recommended,251570,10087894,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,-YzX-upoo,"Best game I have played yet! Survival, zombies, sandbox. If you like minecraft, zombies, survival sandbox games, then you will like this game."
,Recommended,251570,10104443,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Badger,"This game is continually updated, and with the world smoothing update, this voxel based zombie survival's engine feels complete. Lots of content!"
,Recommended,251570,9956172,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,DJWUBDOCTOR,Wow this game is hard. It's fun and a lot of youtubers seem to like it. I'd recommend it but it's pretty tough without a weapon. Good luck!
,Recommended,251570,9965786,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Sativa CDXX,"Amazzzzzazzzing!  Its like, what I love Minecraft for, and Zomboids!  I hope they get more maps or something as I have pretty much memorized this one.  Highly recomend!"
76561198021085338,Recommended,251570,9998157,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,mchera1970,EXCITING AND IMMERSIVE.  FUN GAME LIKE NO OTHER.
76561198020784920,Recommended,251570,10188594,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Commander Zed,awesome game!!!!!
76561198105101562,Not Recommended,251570,10241509,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,D.E.M.O.C.R.A.T 22346,"Im a real fan of Zombie:films,books and films of course. And now whaT i can say about 7 Days to Die.7 Days to Die-is a survival game about zombies, something like Rust or State of Decay,Dead State. But what we have for now? A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with bad graphics and atmospehere.4.5 out of 10.......(((((((((((NEVER BUY THIS GAME!!!!DO NOT REPEAT MY MKISTAKES!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251570,10357884,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ASTR0x0M3GA,"This game is astonishing, taking something that can be (possibly) better than minecraft. We've had all these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ minecraft ripoffs, but this comes to great success. The game seems to have flavor of mostly minecraft, DayZ, Rust, CoD Zombies, and definitely killing floor since they took they took the game out of steam for the sound files discrimination. Go get it, way better than The Dead Linger, I rate it 9.6/10 Great Game!"
,Recommended,251570,10477109,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,mrd.jetzal,I thought about recommending or not recommending this game for a long time. In the end this is what I will sayPROSSandbox Zombie Survivalvery lootablenice atmosphereinteresting mapmultiplayerfairly nice communitya lot of items for a early acces gameCONSBad gun texturesa lot of luck is neededbad multiplayerdevs dont really listen to the users as much as they couldreally hard to learnidk... buy it
76561198096226232,Not Recommended,251570,10510478,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,rcvideogameboy198,I played for 2 hours this game sucks complete ripoff and terrible graphics
76561198087584750,Not Recommended,251570,10544844,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SillNova,"Significantly disappointing. It was a pretty good game to begin with but the updates they added into it ruined the game entirely for me. Would not recomend this game to anyone, even if this was F2P."
76561198063820493,Recommended,251570,10556472,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,xXCruxcisXx,"So for the most part i reccomend this game, there are a few things that drive me nutz about this game, 1.) being that these zombies rip through the side of building like its play dough especially after we spend like 2 hours putting on metal plating to defend against these zombies>?? do these guys have hands of steel? it should not take them like 2 minutes to work there way through something that takes like 2-4 hours to put together, 2.) if i shoot a person in the face with a shotgun there head is gonna dissapear end of story but in this lovely title i shoot a zombie in the face with a sawed of shotgun from up close and he still manages to rip me to pieces <--- seriously? wouldnt be too bad if it werent for the fact that a bunch of them run at you and then bring friends most of the time, its seriously annoying but at the same time can be interesting, although i do recomend them to fix the explosive problem in this gameif i shoot a rocket launcher at zombies i by all means expect them to turn to meat chunks all over the place, so ya i reccomend it but there are serious problems"
76561198034629888,Recommended,251570,10590639,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Plank,THIS GAME IS A RIP OFF OF CALL OF DUTY WAW NAZI ZOMBIE MODE #pathetic
76561198069529069,Recommended,251570,10591646,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hash Brown King,Fun game to play with friends
76561198086066750,Recommended,251570,10597023,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,crucifox,Blue Team FTW. Also this game rocks.
76561197967930629,Not Recommended,251570,10992660,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,crook1d,Absolutely awful. Unplayable with the amount of lag.
76561198089945846,Recommended,251570,9325137,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,snazzysnail,hi i just got the update  7.1 and now i cant play the game can u help me
,Recommended,251570,9376570,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jimmy's AI (Bot),It's real life but with zombies and no taxes.
,Recommended,251570,9420821,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zyle The Zombie,"After playing this after all its updates. I still love it and cant wait for it to come to Xbox One and PS4. This game gets bad reviews from players that havent really gotten in depth with this game. BUT its awesome. a great Minecraft feel with a little jump scare on what could be hiding in that building your about to loot and break into.LOVE IT, KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK GUYSFirst Review - I do highly recommend this game, yes it its has its issues. but its worth it.i love playing this game loli may not have alot of hours into this but still, awesome game,i enjoy killing zombies and other players that try to get in my stuff,feels a bit like the walking dead."
