user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198035386752,Recommended,251770,7652026,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Volva*,"Finally got the chance to play this game thoroughly. It didnt age well but it still gives off a really eerie atmosphere, mostly thanks to the sounds and music.The controls feel a bit stiff but nothing thats impossible to handle. Some of the weapons you'll obtain are rather unnecessary since most enemies will be easily dealt with with your starting weapon. Only A few sections will need other weapons or upgrades to actually progress.I recommend checking the bonus content folder in your installation directory since it contains a strategy guide with overall gameplay tips as well as some rough maps of the areas.While overall saving seems to be not really necessary, unless you want to quit, it is mandatory if you are going for the final boss.It might just have been my luck but going for the final boss I did not save beforehand. After failing the fight on my first try I was brought back to the title menu without a second chance, losing 3 hours of progress."
,Recommended,251770,12572108,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,McRyan,"Shadow Man is a game which I revisit every year in the autumn, the perfect horror themed game, no jump scares but a lot of disturbing visuals and sound with a twist of dark humour. The graphics have not aged well but it doesn't affect the gameplay value conisdering this is from 1999.The game is based on the comic of the same name (More specifically Volume II: the Garth Ennis era) and it does capture the feel of the comic very well. The story is about a Shadow Man called Michael LeRoi who is told of a premonition of impending apocolypse and you have to stop that from happening using whatever Voodoo powers you can get. Along the way you get help from Nettie, a Voodoo priestess and Jaunty, a dead Irish man with the head of a human skull and a body of a snake with a sense of humour.I have played and own all versions of the game (N54, PS1, Dreamcast and PC) and I can safely say that this, along with the Dreamcast version is the full, definitive game with no cutbacks like the N64 and PS1 versions. The game is pretty difficult if you are playing this for the first time. You would often get lost and backtrack certain areas but that is a good thing since the worlds (Liveside and Deadside) are very immersive, this is best played in the dark and in the night for the ultimate experience."
,Recommended,251770,11692266,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"My God! It has been 15 years since Michael, the Shadow Man, took up arms to fight the so-called Five (a group of serial killers) in order to stop Armageddon from happening. Back then it was a rather interesting concept - travelling from the living world to the dead and vica versa, if need be. Emphasis was on the latter (Deadside) as Mike's powers did not work during the day.This is a horror game - Deadside has blood instead of water when it comes to the rivers and you fight zombies and all kinds of demons. You walk on the corridors of an asylum that certainly gives everybody the creeps.It is my understanding that the game is based on a comic book with the same title. I do not know how well this was adapted but I certainly remember this game as a classic. It was creepy and it was haunting me for days.It was also difficult not like today's casual games. Beside the fight there were puzzle solving tasks, as well. I downloaded and installed it not long ago and was positively surprised to see it running quite well via Steam.The game, unfortunately, did not age well (in fact, it looks quite ugly compared to today's games) but if you can see it as a 15 year old software and you have all the time in the world and nothing else to play you can easily purchase this classic.I heard there was a sequel which was never released on PC but that is another story."
,Recommended,251770,9729613,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,JP Shadowman,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I usually don't write reviews, but I feel the need to for this great game. What can I say, Shadowman has it all. This game has an amazing story with plenty of depth, great voice acting (particularly that of Shadowman), and hours and hours of addictive gameplay. The game's atmosphere, sounds and storyline are some of the creepiest you'll ever experience. I'm using The Xbox 360 controller, and it works great in Steam's Big Picture mode. Hopefully, you'll get as much joy from this game as I have gotten through the years. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,251770,12703596,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,akumajobelmont,"I had this game for the Dreamcast, and saw this on sale for uber-cheap, so yeah, no-brainer.Make no mistake about it - this is a Zelda game in a nastier coat of paint. If you like Ocarina of Time (or any 3D Zelda for that matter), and you think it could have used some blood, then you'll dig this - no doubt about it. Graphics are a little crusty, but the visual design is still striking today. The enemies could not be creepier, and the low-poly models and odd motion-captured movements only make them more unsettling. It also plays fine with Keyboard+Mouse after a little key binding. The music and sound design is as good as ever, and if you go for all the collectibles, the game could last you an easy 50-odd hours. This took me weeks to finish when I was a youngster.It's a damn shame that this game seems to have been forgotten over time. It was pretty groundbreaking back in the day, and none of it's impact has diminished.Brilliant game, and worth whatever you may pay for it."
,Recommended,251770,7754537,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pt.Jones,"Still a Classic!Shadow man was one of the many great games I owned on my n64, and one of my many games I just never managed to finish it (damn you mission impossible!), this was mostly due to it being in French (I lived in Swiss) and so I couldn’t understand what to do, but also of its complex levels structures. Nonetheless I still did enjoyed the game and found it had quite a unique atmosphere. 11 Years later I finally decide to have a go on it again, and what a surprise I must say!The StoryIn Shadow man you play as Michael LeRoi who possess voodoo powers and can travel both worlds of the living and dead. Summoned by Mama Nettie, he must travel to Deadside a place where all living things go after death. Here he must stop a great evil being “Legion” along with five serial killers who are trying to gather dark souls to bring pain and suffering to those of the living world. Michael must travel to vast lands and fight his way through them in order to gather these darks souls before evil does.The GameApart from the straightforward story the game is offering, it still offers plenty of insight and character background for each main good or evil characters. The story is unique and quite pleasant if one decides to follow it; the game is dark, gory, and has a gothic (kickass!) soundtrack which helps to further get involve with the game. The voice cast is brilliant, especially Michael, and I must say that for its time the graphics weren’t that bad as some people claim to be. Indeed the graphic was something that didn’t really bother me; I value more gameplay, over graphics.If offers a large number of different distinctive environments which become available once the player has gathered the necessary number of dark souls and item. This game offers quite similar mechanics seen in other video games such as in “The Legend of Zelda”. Another similar factor to Zelda would be that you are free to explore any level (as long you have the necessary number of souls), so even though it is quite linear, it still offers some freedom. However due to the large levels, the first time navigating through them can be quite a hassle because they tend to become like a maze, and so this is where perhaps having a mini map could have come in handy.Through each level the player must solve puzzles, defeat enemies, swim, jump, climb, collect cadeaux, items, souls, were only some may be only obtainted if you possess the right ability or item. The player can fast travel using a teddy bear, and save his progress whenever he/she wishes. All the items and weapons you gather are store inside an inventory and Michael can equip two items at the same time, this makes life much easier rather than continuously scrolling to the desired item.The Good•	Amazing Soundtrack•	Great story•	Great voice acting•	Long and enjoyable game•	Good graphics (at those times)The Bad•	First time navigating a level can become quite a hassle•	Can take some time getting used to the camera and controls•	Some back tracking is needed to further progress through the gameFinal VerdictIn overall I really do enjoy the game and recommend it to anyone who enjoys action adventures games like Tomb Raider and The Legend of Zelda. It has a deep story with an enjoyable soundtrack, and for the price I can guarantee you that its more than what it is worth for. Additionally steam are kind enough to give you the entire soundtrack, a avatar, and some PDF’s of the games map, quick reference card, and a neat strategy guide that will definitely come in handy!8/10"
,Recommended,251770,14296197,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Viliam1337 // csgoroll.com,"15 years later, Shadow Man is still the same creepy, fun and addicting game as it was 5 years ago (the first time I played it).This underrated gem is definitely not a short game (average play time with goal to achieve 100% completion is 20+ hours).I played this game on PS1, and once I've heard that it's on Steam, I definitely had to buy it.The ControlsThe game is probably best played with gamepad, but if you don't have one, it's not that big deal (thankfully you can rebind controls in options menu).The MusicThe soundtrack is really great, sometimes creepy, but so is the game. The Main Theme might be my favorite one.The StoryThe story is a little bit slow paced, but it surely won't disappoint you.The GamePC version definitely has some differences between console version, such as better graphics, more additional content such as Secrets option in the menu and a lot of jumpscares which kinda got me :DThe boss fights do require some strategy (tried to take down ''The Five'' with shadowgun only - failed miserably), and the final boss is tough as hell (after few retries I had to cheat :D I swear, PS1 version was much easier).The ConclusionFor anyone new to this game : If you like creepy, adventure and action games, I totally recommend you give this game a try.For people who like nostalgic old games : You have to get this right now! :D"
,Recommended,251770,17178483,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,C L A W,"One of the greatest games I´ve played. Too bad they don´t make them like this anymore.While the controls are horrible I am sure the story and the gameplay will captivate you.Just try to see beyond the graphics and give this game a chance,you won´t be dissapointed.If you have problems with the full screen mode just click on my profile and check my guides, the fullscreen fix will be there.The world in Shadow Man is brilliant.You are the only one who can travel between the world of the living and the world of the dead to find and collect the dark souls needed to defeat the ""Forces of Evil"". I won't say anything more and let you discover the plot yourselves.Cheers!"
,Recommended,251770,9038349,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Zuko,"I grew up with the N64 version of this game long ago. Unfortunatly, I was never able to beat it because my N64 memory card corrupted. I see the PC version has a lot more in it. More enemies, more secrets, and maybe it's just spots I missed or don't remember, but it seems like there's more areas too. While exploring deadside, I found a few spots that just didn't look familiar at all. The quality is a lot better too. The default controls are a little crappy, but they can be changed. This game has many many hours of gameplay to it, especailly if you want to find all of the dark souls and secrets.The gameplay itself is kind of like a cross between Tomb Raider and The Legend of Zelda. The platforming and controls being like Tomb Raider as you explore open environments, finding items and going through dungeons.This is one of those really good games that nobody really ever knew about. It's more than worth the $5 and a great game to check out."
,Recommended,251770,7458465,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,BlueStinger,"Firstly, i didn't expect this to appear on steam, but am so glad it did. One of my favourite games on Dreamcast didn't disappoint with it's mature theme, dark and heavy atmosphere and disturbing soundtrack.It's few downsides (slightly samey at times, slightly clumsy controls, and it's a bit grindy in places) were far outweighed by the upsides. I never really cared for stories in games but this one had a great one. It's quite original, involving the hunt for 5 serial killers with an interesting take on who Jack the Ripper really was. It's quite a brutal tale at times.It's a big game, with lots of exploring to be had although it's actually more linear than it seems. Not a bad thing. The game also gets better the farther you get, the opposite to most games these days...The soundtrack is also worth a mention on it's own. It's incredibly fitting to the mature theme of the game. It's really weird and disturbing. Youtube 'the playrooms' for an example.This PC version was a port of the Dreamcast version (or was it the other way around?) and is far far superior to the PS1 and N64 versions in everyway. If you've only played the game on the latter 2 machines or never played it at all i really do recommend it. It's a great experience. It's a great price also :)PS. This steam version, although not mentioned on the storepage, does contain all the extras found elsewhere. Including the soundtrack, avatar, map and complete guide. Which i'm sure you'll peek at now and then ;)"
,Recommended,251770,10821013,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,KITE [Wildin'],"One of my favorite classic games of all time. Up until recently, I had no idea it was on Steam, so once I saw it I had to buy it immediately. You play Michael LeRoi, a man who gained the mystical power to travel between the land of the living and the land of the dead (known as Deadside) thanks to a voodoo priestess named Mama Nettie who implanted an artifact known as the Mask of Shadows in his chest. I won't spoil much about the plot, but it involves saving the world from an apocalypse at the hands of a demon known as Legion.The controls are dated, but pretty smooth for a PS1/N64 era game. For some reason the store page does not mention this, but  ShadowMan does indeed support a gamepad (I use an Xbox 360 controller for it) and the controls are completely customizable to your liking. If you want to try an action horror classic that still holds up to this day, I recommend that you check this one out."
,Recommended,251770,16664240,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Micronauts,"A solid adventure game that's very interesting and worthwhile because of its dark atmosphere. Speaking of dark, don't hesitate to put some gamma into the game and up the brightness around 10-20% as with how little light there is at times it can make navigating the larger maps more time-consuming than it has to be. I finished the game in 16 hours, give or take an hour or two idling, which I thought was a little too long, given how simple and trivial the combat becomes.Positives:-Interesting world-Presents its horror solely by being creepy- no annoying jump scares-French naming conventions-Fun characters-Progression (item acquisition) is somewhat variable and up to the player.Negatives:- The ambience is great, but there's some instances of questionable lack of lighting and informing the player of all entrances/exits to any given area, making me juggle the game with a fan-made walkthrough to double check for overlooked paths.-Hearing screams of agony in some of areas' audio tracks can get grating after awhile, the loop's a little too short.- Controls need to be toyed with at the start to get a comfortable K+M setting, and even then the mouse can be a little sensitive/ receiving conflicting commands leading to some involuntary movements, but when you need precision, you can always leave the turning to your left and right arrows, while keeping a contemporary WASD movement for general application.-Combat becomes trivial halfway through the game.-With no map system in-game, it can become a pain racking your brain to remember when and where to backtrack. I used a walkthrough containing maps of each level as a reminder of what I saw."
76561198042983614,Recommended,251770,12884488,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Tiberius,"I remember the first time I played this game; I went to GameStop on my fourteenth birthday and bought the game for the Nintendo 64 and It scared the crap out of me.About six years later I played it for the Sega Dreamcast, which by then was obsolete, and it scared the crap out of me.Now that steam has released Shadow Man and I am almost thirty, it is not scary at all. I still love this game because of the unique atmosphere and story.  I will go down the list and give my opinion on the games features.Story: You are the Shadow Man and you must hunt five serial killers in both the world of the living and the world of the dead and collect dark souls in order to stop the end of all things. While the basic story is not the most original, the specific details and voodoo theme really make it unique. 7/10Lore: I gave the story a lower score simply because I wanted to address the lore on its own merit but, if combined with the story, the score would have been a 9/10. As far as the lore goes, the game is loosely based on an earlier comic book and centers around a different hero and for that reason; I won't go into the comics. This Shadow Man, Michael LeRoi, was an English major that dropped out of school, became a cab driver, and one day some gangster/Mafioso types left a bunch of cash in his cab. He quickly paid for his sick brothers operation and bought his family gifts. The gangsters of course murdered his family and Mike ended up spiraling downhill, becoming an assassin for a local voodoo priest/crime lord in exchange for protection. Long story short mama Nettie, a voodoo priestess, implants the mask of shadows in mikes chest, the voodoo crime boss is killed and Nettie gives Mike control of his bar. At night he becomes the Shadow Man and fights the dark forces. This long back story, the bios of the serial killers, the origins of the prophecy, the voodoo references, and the characters stories give this game a very interesting lore behind it which adds heavily to the gameplay. 9/10Graphics: This game came out in 1998 and even for the time it was not the best looking game but it certainly was not the worst. I can’t rate this game graphically in any fair way since it is going to be 20 years old in a few years. For its time 7/10 today’s standards (which should not affect the score) 2/10Sound: The vast majority of the atmosphere comes from the sound track of the game. While there are not a large variety of level themes, there is enough to make the levels have their own feel and they all fit the environments and add to the immersion without being overly repetitive. The only particular cases are two areas in the asylum where the background screams, laughing/crying, and sounds of torture play so frequently that it becomes obvious the music is looping. This is not a big deal though and these are some of the most frightening levels because of this. The sound effects are very fitting for the game. Fire sounds good, screams sound tortured and in pain, the sound of hooks digging into flesh can make a less then strong stomached person cringe. The voice acting is not perfect but it was, for its time anyway, very good. The characters all have unique and interesting dialogue and the actors express emotions like anger, fear, and confusion believably.Overall Sound: 9/10Music: 8.5/10Sound FX: 9/10Voice Acting: 9/10Gameplay: This is the make or break category for any true gamer. The Gameplay here is not unique by any means. It is a platformer like Tomb Raider, and a pretty good one. There are items to collects that serve specific purposes, weapons to find etc. The main gameplay centers on finding 128 dark souls, each making you more powerful. These souls literally work the same way as the stars on Mario 64. The first coffin gate requires no souls to unlock the second requires 1, then 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, and 128 to open the level 10 gate. Not all souls are required to finish the game and some are very hard to find. The enemies are interesting and range from basic Zombie Mothers to psychos in gas masks wielding hooks to weird BDSM man/dog creatures clad in bondage outfits. There are 5 unique serial killers to hunt down and kill for their souls. Each one has unique character models, voices, and their own level. The final boss, while not particularly difficult is a great villain and fun to fight. Overall 9/10Overall Game Score: 8/10Bugs: While there are not too many noticeable bugs, there is a particular problem with the collision detection that occasionally cause the character to stick to doorways upon entering/exiting. This problem is in no way a game breaker however and I think would be of minimal concern for most players. Occasionally while fighting, the music may skip if you are attacked and die under the right conditions. This is rare however and most players likely won't encounter this.Whether you are a fan of survival horror, platformers, or dark brooding adventures, shadow Man has something to offer everyone. With Fast paced gameplay, interesting story and level design, this game is truly and underrated gem of the late 90's."
76561197970701643,Recommended,251770,17568056,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,A flawed gem from yesteryear. When games didn't involve walking in a line or following the big icon.
,Recommended,251770,33628563,Posted: 18 July,all,Raziel2404,"This game is a very good game. The Nintendo 64 version was given a very high rating by a magazine back in the day, close to perfect. It was in the high 90's. Probably 96 / 100. It definitely says a lot about the game, coming from that specific era. And, for it to be on Steam, with a revamp in graphics and some extras in the Steam folder, it'll keep you busy for a few weeks, or more, depending on what you know what to do or not.Getting all 120 Dark Souls will be difficult. There are nuances to the paths you will take in certain areas. A lot of back tracking, sadly. Collecting 500 cadeaux ('gifts') for the Loa shrines will, maybe, take you longer.Given that this game should be a classic, in my opinion, and is going to keep you busy for a while, ~US$5 = A great game with great content at a great price, given the day and age we live in, compared to the late '90's - early 2000's.PS: If you die, it's okay... 'Reincarnation' is on your side. But, do make multiple saves... Especially towards the end of the adventure... And, do take care to look at the map in the Shadow Man - Bonus content folder, for those who buy it... It's abstract, but you will get used to it."
,Recommended,251770,14307584,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Creamy Goodness,"Dark, gritty masterpiece. While confusing as to where to go next sometimes, it makes up for it in the atmosphere and level designs - each uniquely crafted and different....and all scary and unnerving. This game does not hold your hand in any way so if you expect and need to be lead along by a leash don't play this.If you want a challenge this is the game for you."
,Recommended,251770,29594055,Posted: 30 January,all,assa[m],"This is one of the best singleplayer games ever.the storyline is extremely good, the characterdesign is extraordinary well made, same goes with the development of shadowman.i remember myself playing it as a 10 year old but i got too afraid at some parts, now that im old enough i played it once more and its stunningly good.sure, the camera settings require some time getting used to, but what do you expect this game was one of the first in his way.i highly recommend this game if youlike small jumping puzzles,challenging fights,deep storyline with some thriller and great characters,prefer gameplay over graphicsyou are not really aversed to run around like a idiot sometimes,(it really affords time)"
,Recommended,251770,20661071,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Neo Crusader,"Shadow Man is a great game that is very atmospheric and creepy. The gameplay consists of platforming, combat and exploration.It's a very unique game and in my opinion, very underrated.You are the Shadow Man who is a voodoo warrior walker between Liveside, which is our own world and Deadside, which is the resting place for those who have died. An evil demon assembles a team of serial killers called The Five and begins the construction of an army to take over Liveside and you're on a quest to stop him.It follows the same sort of structure as games which were out at the time like Tomb Raider or Legend Of Zelda. You must adventure through Temples to gain items that help you progress throughout the game. There is a lot of collectible items that can give you advantages as you play through the story.This game is very dark and almost has a gothic edge to its world. It's great value for your money (which is already pretty cheap, even cheaper when sales come around) with the game being packed with content and also offering hours of gameplay.There is some small issues with the game in terms of the controls being very awkward (I'd recommend a gamepad as it would probably be easier) and even though I haven't had the issue of compatibility with my PC, others have.If you can look past the dated graphics (give it a break, it's from 1999) and the slighty awkward controls, you're in for a treat. Plus, as mentioned before, it's extremely cheap in the sales and also, you get the cracking soundtrack for free. I'd strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251770,16819314,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,RavenousDash,"One of my favourite games from the Nintendo 64 days, damn this takes me back. I played the everloving crap out of it back in the day. You may have never heard of it, but believe it or not, this game was higly anticipated at the time. Then it just seemed to fade away. It got an unsuccesful sequel on the PS2 and then it just died. Shadow Man fell into the unforgiving depths of obscurity and gathered a cult following. It was forgotten, abandoned. And then it suddenly appeared on Steam. I don't know what this could mean, but I'm silently hoping for the comeback that this franchise deserves.In case you don't know, Shadow Man is an action adventure game that takes elements from Tomb Raider, Zelda, Metroid and Banjo-Kazooie among some others and sprinkles it with a healthy dose of occult horror. Think of it as a 3D metroidvania with collectathon elements. You play as Michael Leroi aka Shadow Man, an immortal voodoo warrior who walks between our world and Deadside. Suffice to say, the apocalypse is nearing and you're the only one who can stop it. You travel across Deadside in search of Dark Souls, dangerously powerful souls that, should they fall into the wrong hands could bring about the end of the world. There's 120 of them scattered across multiple areas, and collecting them is a real treat. The more you get, the more powerful you become, so it's addicting and satisfying. You'll wanna find them all. Along the way there's plenty of platforming and shooting a la Tomb Raider, unearthing special abilities and items that help you progress like in Metroid, top it off with a lot of freedom of exploration, it's like a delicious mix of the best aspects of several different games and I simply adore it.Downside? Controls are a bit clunky. Precision platforming can be a bit of a hassle when you control like a tank. No free camera movement either. They're not bad, it just takes a while getting used to.Sadly, I wish they would have done a better job with the port. No steam overlay, and I often see my taskbar and the game's window flickering in and out. I feel like the game is just barely there, that it could automatically minimise at any moment. No true controller support either. You can use an Xbox 360 controller, but it won't recognise the shoulder triggers. It's useable, but you'll have play around with the configuration for a bit. As far as I know, it's quite playable with keyboard and mouse, so there's that. Personally I haven't had the game crash yet, but I've seen other people complain about it.Shadow Man on Steam isn't as stable as it should be and it doesn't look like it'll be fixed anytime soon. Still, it works for me and it might work for you too. And it's only 5 bucks. Kind of a steal for a game like this. If you're like me and you wanna get your Shadow Man fix but you're too lazy to plug in your N64 (Dreamcast, PS1), well, here ya go! :p"
76561197991962116,Recommended,251770,18033417,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Zacka007,"One of the best souvenir of my N64 experience.This is one of those game where you can say ""THIS IS A UNIQUE GAME !!!"".It's ""not soo good sound dialogue"" or ""old polygone graphic"" don't change the fact that THIS GAME will transcend time and will always be great !!Ok I may be nostalgic ... but if you close the light in the evening or night and you put your headphone on and stay in front of this game for it's experience, the atmosphere will catch you and bring you into this world where hell is your place to walk.Those evil things will surely kill you but your the walker between the living and the dead. And all those little detail you'll read about those real or fictional serial killer will make you see the darkest part of humanity.If you are willing to plunge into this game your gonna experience an adventure of horror with puzzling maze that will make you crazy and stronger !!!The stronger you will get the closer to Hell you will be.And before the final showdown break loose unto you, you will understand those words ""FOR WE ARE MANY"".This is an awesome game :D !!!9.8 out of 10"
76561198165949427,Recommended,251770,13181203,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,juanjo.villavicencio,"great game, it brings me a lot of memories of when i had n64, it was one of my favorites and still is, great story, my personal rate would be 8.5/10"
,Recommended,251770,8651907,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Antroid,"This game is simply awesome. The gameplay may be a bit sluggish and the graphics may be a bit dated, but it doesn't prevent it from being one hell of a ride through a Voodoo underworld, a huge and schizophrenic citadel of pain built in it by none other than Jak the Ripper himself, mysterious ancient temples (also built in the underworld for some reason), as well as a few creepy ""real world"" locations where you'll hunt down five immortal murderers including the aforementioned Jack, who's been reincarnated and lurks the London subway. And the whole time you are trying to stop the big bad demon Legion (who looks like a british gentleman, of course) who has plans to bring hordes of undead abominations to Earth from the underworld and conquer it all. I mean, how cool is that?Gameplay-wise, the game plays like some sort of Nintendo 64-type collect-a-thon, like Banjo-Kazooie or even Mario 64, although with not as much reliance on platforming and acrobatics, even though there's a fair share of that still. It has a far heavier focus on combat, simple as it may be, and extremely, I repeat, EXTREMELY satisfying exploration, when in every new locale there always seem to be almost more ways to go than you can keep track of, but never too many so that you'll forget anything or get lost if you're paying the least bit of attention. And like in some similiar games you get new items and abilities that grant you passage to new areas, lots and lots of new areas. Such abilities include swimming in lava and climbing up bloodfalls, by the way.The atmosphere is absolutely superb all around, from the desolate wastelands of Deadside, to the depths of the madhouse that is the Asylum, a place built by maniacs for maniacs (and one demon). The music is astounding, ranging from creepy to somber.And if you needed any more convincing, the Power Star equivalent in this game are Dark Souls. I mean, come on. It doesn't get any better than this!"
76561198154927431,Recommended,251770,23469437,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Deus Belmont,"This is the best retro Console to PC ported game I've ever played on PC, controler and graphic all change in PC version! you can use Mouse and Keyboard, this game support PC controler too..This is the score :Audio : AGraphic : AControler : AThis is a special message from me to all retro gamer ""You must have this one, this is the best port console to PC game ever!"""
76561198097686800,Recommended,251770,8539192,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,danothelegend,"This game is an all time classic, even with its now outdated graphics it is one of the creepiest games around. It doesn't rely only on cheap shocks to freak the gamer out, I would love if a good developer could continue this franchise today as it has so much untapped potential. The PS2 sequel didn't have a patch on this but was still enjoyable, bring back Shadow Man!"
,Recommended,251770,28257964,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GoldFish (SVK),"An overlooked gem. Non-linear third person action adventure (with some very very simple RPG elements) about Voodoo stuff. Great atmosphere, gameplay, insanely good soundtrack (props for Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata), decent story. Challenging, sometimes confusing (there are no clear objectives that you check step by step like you're used to in mainstream games, you're going to have to figure some stuff out yourself). Rewarding though.Your sense of spatial orientation will be tested; there is no map whatsoever, no pu**y-as* objective marker, nothing. Which is challenging in a semi-open-world game this is. You'll run into far more doors and corridors than you'd like. There's quite a lot of backtracking too - often you'll walk by stuff that you can't open or go to yet and you're going to have to get back to it once you acquire a skill or a level. Be prepared for this, make mental or physical notes of important-looking stuff, you'll thank me later.9/10"
,Recommended,251770,13972425,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,LoudSilence,"top 3 favorite games of alllllll time,next to parrapa the rapper and resident evil 1.... huge fan of this comic book and the game. I hope the movie is as great as this game is. The only bad thing about this game is that the sequel wasnt as good. This game has one of the most orignal stories i've ever played and kicks♥♥♥♥♥ i bought this game for ps1(twice) and n64 now i have it on pc, ill be stuck in my room forever. Buy it, play it, enjoy it... I high reccomend it if u like horror games"
,Recommended,251770,7512935,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,squaллe,An absolutely fantastic port of a classic! Definitely try it out!
,Recommended,251770,26514365,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Marshal Law,"One of the first GENUINE ps1 games my mom bought me, very scary and hard. Only now did I complete it for the first time and actually one of the few games I didn't want to read lore or watch cutsenes for before experiencing it with a more developed brain. Now I can start up my copy of shadow man 2, it has been sitting on my shelf for some 4 years now.But I digress, this game is worth the buy if you like fantasy horror with mixed elements of the after life, gods, monsters,  memorable villians and not to mention the kickass designs of the asylum enemies like the hog/pigmen variations with their cigars and gimp masks and assorted weaponry. It was buggy as hell when it was released but now playable, loved it too much for refund and the wait paid off.Now if we could get an hd remake perhaps bundled with Shadowman 2econd coming to steam. Take my moneys."
76561198061550781,Recommended,251770,8656035,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Transparent_Man,"Dark, gritty and full of atmosphere, Shadowman is one hell of a fun game."
76561197995454829,Recommended,251770,22574797,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,「*+Out|aw+*🐙」,"My all-time favourite video game, ever since I was a little kid. Shadow Man represents what games are all about, from its level/sound design, to the truly unforgettable characters and story."
76561198051342441,Recommended,251770,21816533,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,VegaLibre,One of the most eeriest awesome game i played! The gameplay the music everyting about this game is great!  ^_^
76561198059831375,Recommended,251770,13032258,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Stradivar,A completely astounding adult platformer.Killer soundtrack.Buy it and complete it to experience the achievement.
,Recommended,251770,29309760,Posted: 16 January,all,♥Skunkii♥,"I remember playing this game on the Nintendo 64 back when I was a small child, PC version is just as good and pretty nice graphics for a game of its age, quite a nice gaming experience and I would recommend playing it, especially if you're one of the few people out there who have read the actual comic. c:"
76561198272691901,Recommended,251770,21100142,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dante,"Note: At the time of typing this review, I only have 45 minutes clocked on it. Thats because ive owned this game since 1999 on N64.When I was a little kid, all of my friends played either Silent hill or Resident evil. Well, Not me. I played Shadow man. There aren't *tons* of things to say about this game, BUT I'm trying to type as detailed a review as possible, so I'm gonna stretch it out. And I'll just break it down into sections and just say what it does right, and what it does wrong. Story: The game starts off by showing you a cutscene ( None of this is spoiler, it's the first five minutes of the game. ) of Jack the ripper talking to himself, explaining that he's killing women because he's looking for immortality in his murders. ( Figuratively speaking, I assume. ) Suddenly, a man appears in his door and offers him the immortality he seeks. But in a literal sense. Jack asks who the man is, and the man replies with: "" My name is legion, for we are many "". He tells Jack that hes aware that he's an architecht. To which Jack confirms it. Legion says he's building an asylum in Deadside ( Hell ), and he wants Jack to work on it. And in return, he will give Jack something that will make him immortal. Dark Souls ( Remember, this was 1999, and it was a comic book before that.) Jack accepts his deal, and upon realising he has to die in order to go to Deadside to work on the asylum, Jack shouts out "" FOR WE ARE MANY "" before impaling himself through his chest. ( The souls would make him immortal in the real world after hes already died. ) And now the game switches to the main character. You play as Michael LeRoi, the most recent host in the lineage of the Shadow Man. ( If you've ever played ""The Darkness"", it's comparable to that.) The Shadow Man is an ancient Voodoo warrior, whose able to travel back and forth freely between the world of the living, and the world of the dead. You find out that the asylum has finally been finished in modern day, and its funneling all the dark soul energy from dead side into it. You also find out that five serial killers have each acquired immortality through the souls, and are going on murder sprees on earth. So you have to collect as many souls as you can, Kill the serial killers, and deal with the asylum. Gameplay: It's VERY similar to classic tomb raider. So if youre into that stuff, you'll like this gameplay. Setting: I love the setting in this game. Deadside looks and feels like what I imagine hell would look and feel like. And this is a 1999 game. Hell is where everyone goes in this game. Without exception. And it looks like a place of pain and suffering. Lakes of blood everywhere, People turned into twisted demons, Writhing in pain, Butchers with chainsaws hunting you down, Etc Etc. It looks pretty similar to the Hellraiser movies. If youve ever seen that. Controls: Are awkward. But they work just fine. You walk with the arrow keys, and you use you're weapons with Z and X. Voice Acting: Is really strange. In that it varies. Some characters have AWFUL voice acting, some have decent, and some have really good voice acing. Like Jack the ripper, and the snake, Jaunty. It isn't anywhere near the worst voice acting i've ever heard in a game, but it isn't great either. Graphics: Bad. Not REALLY bad, Just bad. But it's old. Things it does right: It is VERY scary, The gameplay is fun, It's challenging, It has a really good story, Jack and Jaunty have REALLY good voice actors, and it never gets boring, even when you're stuck. Things it does wrong: The graphics, Some characters are very bland ( though only a few ), at least a third of the voice acting sucks, It can ONLY run in window mode if you're using windows 10, but it's actually acceptable window mode. It still fills 80% of the screen, only you have a white bar across the top of the screen. That's it. So it isnt a huge deal. And aside from all of that, It has mildly awkward controls. The Last Point: The most important thing to say about this game, is that holy hell it is extremely hard. It's a huge game, you die very easily, and it has very difficult puzzles. You may need to google or use a guide, and if you arent good at remembering locations betwen game sessions, you may need to google up or even print out a map. In Closing: I loved this game as a kid. And even as an adult today, I still kinda like it. So while their ARE other games that are worth alot more for your Five bucks, If youre looking for a classic game, or a new horror game, there's really no reason to not pick this game up. It's scary, It's cheap ( especially if you get it for $1.25 on sale like I did. ), and it's long. Fun for horror fans, puzzle fans, and fans of the classics. Alot of people call this game mediocre, and while I CAN see why they feel that way, I disagree. I think its above average. And I think saying "" OH I COULD JUST BUY RESIDENT EVIL 2 OR SILENT HILL 1 INSTEAD "" is a poor arguement. If you like those games, there's no reason to not try this game as well. This is a pretty good cult classic horror game. 7/10."
,Recommended,251770,22794497,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,KevinLongtime,"An amazing game which still holds up to the test of time.Great new devs who still support the game. They recently added Windows 10 support that works perfectly for me. I can now play the game in fullscreen, something I couldn't do when originally updating to Win 10.If you have a Steam Controller, this is the game to use it with. Only downside is that if you want the Steam Controller to work with the game you need to set your desired SM settings under desktop config using Big Picture mode rather than as a config for the game itself. Once you do this the controlls have never felt better!"
,Not Recommended,251770,8644482,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Jaunty,"As much as I absolutely adore this game its really outdated in the controlls unplayable infact. Its worth playing for as long as you can bare maybe. You may be better to just watch the cutscenes and run throughs on you tube:https://youtu.be/KRLT-SmGj04?t=17The dark and twisting world of this game is probably the most psychologically atmospheric I've ever played. Full of barren grey mountains, like a wasteland, and moaning zombies Deadside is all at once dreary and enthralling. The massive amount of detail and varying architecture combines to form a huge, impressive, if not psychologically disturbing, world that seems to be dripping in a serene aura. There were many times in Shadow Man when I felt I was treading holy ground. Huge temples are filled with flowing lava, arcane wall designs, life-size statues, and waterfalls of blood.Its one of the most mesmerizing and terrifyingly macabre titles out there. Unique, deep, thought provoking and atmospheric, words cannot describe Shadow Man. Great (and highly praised) soundtrack, strong storyline and narrative, interesting characters and great visuals. A voodoo warriror priestess, an Irish death snake, a Swiss doctor with delusions of grandeur, a disco king shock jock with Hawaiian t-shirts, a Nam war veteran, Jack the Ripper, a momma's boy and the Lord of Darkness?! The most motley crew in video gaming history!"
76561198130148306,Recommended,251770,20774897,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Lunatica,wow is this game ever a welcome flashback from the 90s . im so happy that steam rven had it i had to do a double take.this was my favorite game from the N64 era. at the time it was about as twisted as u could get . im so excited to have this game again.!!!!!! this game got a 10 out of 10 then and it gets the same today. tho the 64 bit graphics may put some ppl off the atmosphere and music still hold up. i highly recomend this game so lets all join Michael LeRoi over in deadside while walk the corridors of the Black Asylum!!!!!!
,Recommended,251770,22571205,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Professor Zoom,"I loved this game as a kid and it holds a special place in my heart. Seeing it on Steam at this price was an instant purchase even if I already owned it on console and CD. Why? Because being the master of shadows has never felt so interesting and fun!The story is fantastic, the setting is disturbing yet visually appealing and the graphics were top notch for a game released in 1999. Instead of releasing crappy remakes, why not remake this game Activision? It really is some of the best action-adventure-platformers that you will ever play!"
,Recommended,251770,8240701,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Geminidevine,"This game is hauntingly beautiful. The soundtrack has an eerie symphony that is very dark & ominous. The PC version is the definitive version period. Nothing can compare regardless if it when to Sony Playstation, Nintendo 64 or Sega Dreamcast. Thank you Steam for adding this game to your library it's a masterpiece. This is one of my best games, it's also recommended that you have a good PC with plenty of RAM & graphic power to truly enjoy this game. There's alot of backtracking in this game but it is only due to special abilities that you may not have had earlier in the game. I played the Dreamcast version but at certain points in the game the sound was very glitchy can you say Cathedral of Pain? The mouse & keyboard playing this game is key to this game & it's simple not hard at all. If anything the mouse & keyboard is the best feature for Shadow Man. This game is not for the faint of heart by no means. The story behind Shadow Man is deep & compelling & will engulf you. One man between both worlds, no soul, A dead man is walking, Voodoo is the revenge & Shadow man will stop at nothing but take souls of his enemies for he embraces it."
76561198048383409,Recommended,251770,19118175,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,slawek382,"Excellent and very hard game where you have to use your mind to make it through. Full of amazing, dark and creepy atmosphere. Never gets old. However younger players can complain about controls and impossibility to use mouse to navigate Shadow Man. Yet it's one of my long time favourite scary games.For those who are afraid if this game would work on your new PC - i don't know :)But i can tell you that it works perfectly on my PC without any glitches or interruptions. My PC has:-Windows 7 64 bits SP1-8 GB RAM-Graphic card AMD Radeon HD 7850 2GB-Intel Core i5-2310 CPU 2.90GHzI assume negative comments about glitches this version has, are from time where Steam hadn't updated patches to the game. Yet i'm not 100 % sure about if Shadow Man would work on some newer PCs. But as i said i have no problems whatsoever on my new PC."
,Recommended,251770,7870291,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gila,"Shadow Man is one of the greats of classic gaming.I remember playing this as a kid on the N64, and man... It was a ride! It's awesome to be able to fire it up here 13 years later and jump back into one of my all-time favorite games. With some games you've played from the past, you jump in and they turn out to be a shell of what you remembered; this is not the case with Shadow Man.The game keeps you locked in with the inhabitants of Deadside lurking around every corner. At 30+ hours of gameplay, this is one of the longer games from it's time period. It's full of surprise encounters that will keep you looking over your shoulder at all times, Shadowgun at the ready.The graphics are actually pretty decent, especially when compared to other 64 games. Be mindful though, this is a game from 1999; so don't be expecting your latest Crysis engine visuals. An added bonus, is that this game is indeed compatible with the Xbox 360 controller!This game would be a tough cookie NOT to recommend. It is jam packed with hours upon hours of gameplay, has an awesome storyline; and still has the ability to scare the pants off of you 13 years after it's release!"
,Recommended,251770,17256192,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mewio,"This is such a great game to own.  $5 and you can be a god, The Shadow Man.  I remember playing and watching people play this game back when I was little.  Can be a laid back game at times while other times you can see your self needing a break.  If you want to be the Lord of Deadside, buy this game."
76561198153109730,Recommended,251770,24917011,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,släktern,one of the best obscure classics with hours of gameplay
,Recommended,251770,27347126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zer05nomic,"gloomy, dark, endless. Shadowman drags you deeper into horror. In hell meanders'll face hordes of psychopathic monsters that are in defense of wicked souls, collected and locked in govi to be exploited as a weapon of destruction. Indeed, they are immortal. Shadowman is the only person who can travel between the worlds of the living and the world of the dead. He will face the mysteries and horrors, evolving into strength and magic, solving puzzles and facing increasingly difficult challenges. You will be able to follow it? You'll be able to not die of fright? The fate of the world depends on Shadowman but especially yourself.ps: although of steam appears that I played little, in fact, when it came out in 1999 I played there a lot of PCs, replayed at least 4 times and each time I discovered something that I had missed the previous timesIn italiantetro, oscuro, infinito. Shadowman ti trascina nell'orrore più profondo. Nei meandri dell'inferno dovrai affrontare orde di mostri psicopatici che sono a difesa di anime prave, raccolte e rinchiuse nei govi per essere sfruttate come arma di distruzione. Esse infatti sono immortali. Shadowman è l'unica persona che può viaggiare tra il mondo dei vivi e il mondo dei morti. Egli affronterà misteri e orrori, evolvendo in forza e magia, risolvendo enigmi e affrontando prove sempre più difficili. Sarai capace di seguirlo? Sarai capace di non morire di paura? Il destino del mondo dipende da Shadowman ma soprattutto da te.ps: anche se su steam compare che l'ho giocato poco, in realtà, quando uscì nel 1999 ci giocai moltissimo su PC, rigiocato almeno 4 volte ed ogni volta scoprivo qualcosa che mi ero perso le volte precedenti :)"
,Recommended,251770,23517170,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,teriven verien lord of chaos,"As someone you first played the ps verison this was a much needed upgrade in quality and proformance, as well as bigger maps and secrets. I just got done playing for hours straight. great game for lovers of collectathons, combat horror, and just those who injoy a game thats not afriad to pull something new (i am speaking of course of the fact that it is all based of voodoo instead of somthing sterotypical like christainity). needed to fix someshit with it and play with the controlls for an half hour but ounce I got that down it was smooth sailing from then on.....well as smoothly as one can sail though dead poeple, blood, fire, hot coals, lava, and heavy machinery"
,Recommended,251770,13194080,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Project Sash,One of the best games to have ever been made! takes me right back to my childhood. And it's great to be playing it again! definitely recommend buying this game!
,Recommended,251770,7560312,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,♥Mad Dog♥,"One of the most mesmerizing and terrifiyingly macabre titles out there. Unique, deep, thought provoking and atmospheric, words cannot describe Shadow Man. I love it to death <3 Great soundtrack, strong storyline and narrative, interesting characters and great visuals! How can we go wrong with a ShadowMan, a voodoo priestess, an Irish snake, a Swiss doctor with delusions of grandeur, a disco king shock jock with Hawaiian shirts, a 'Nam war veteran, Jack the Ripper, a momma's boy and the Lord of Darkness?! The most motley crew in video gaming history!P.S. Marco Cruz is legendary! He's just...out of this world (literally)"
76561198074569591,Recommended,251770,26364504,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,-[T]UR'RICK-,"Not many are ever gonna play this game unless it gets some sort of graphical remake like system shock. But it is a great game. Reminds me of Tomb raider and Blood. Acclaim made something great the level design and music with the atmosphere is amazing. I own Steam, Gog, n64, Physical Pc, and Dreamcast Copies of this game. One of the reasons I bought a dreamcast was for this game. The game is huge and a thrill to play be a good idea to get a guide for the game if you can find one online. I do believe the steam version comes with a guide."
,Recommended,251770,8037080,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Hom Tanks,"This game rocks my ♥♥♥♥ing socks. If you like Soul Reaver, Legend of Zelda, or any adventure game that doesnt hold your hand during the journey, then this game is for you"
76561198056474866,Recommended,251770,34871291,Posted: 10 September,all,APOLLOsurvivor,Played Shadow Man first when I was about 8 years old back in 1998 and it scared the bejesus out of me! I also have fond memories of watching my Dad play. Its one of those timeless classics that has actually aged pretty well. The sound design and soundtrack are hauntingly brilliant and at times absolutley terrfying and adds to the horror soaked atmosphere. Here I am now aged 27 headphones plugged into my ears and alone in the dark still affected by this games twisted level design creepy enemies and haunted soundtrack. I truly reccomend this game to any fan of the multiple genres this game covers and at roughly 30hrs of content the deep and dark story will captivate and absorb you.
,Recommended,251770,27389874,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aveat.dj,"This is one of the new old games bring by night dive, is not a remaster , nor remake, it is more like a enhaced port, but this is more than enough for such a great game. It is amixture of Zelda, with voodo, serial killers and the dead world. it was lounched in late 90s , being oe of the best game in the 5th generation, being the one for N64 the best version, becuase the expansion pack it showed a graphics in hi res, and looked astonishing for its time. it is like metroid but even more mature,  with some sound effects that will chill  your spine. old schoool at its best. if never have played give it a chance, try to get used to the controls that are too 90´s´ish, but this is for sure the lowest part, when used to it it all flos and invite you to go deeper and deeper in the dead side.  If you consider a gamer, you must experience this master piece."
,Recommended,251770,29735689,Posted: 5 February,all,A Coconut Tree,"Ever since I was about 5 or 6ish, I was real scared of the game cause of the spooky atmosphere and sounds.....and the creepy monsters of course. But after so many years ago, I managed to beat it and LOVED every single second of this game. The lore of the whole game, EVERYTHING.(Still kind of scared of the monsters though. Lol.)"
,Recommended,251770,27893490,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Juliano,"This game is great. I should have played this on my Nintendo 64 years ago.Nice and hard difficulty, smooth controls and creative plot."
,Recommended,251770,22599091,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Greg Heffley,:jarate:
,Recommended,251770,26593491,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,skatebird,"Nostalgia, awesome game for the time, 10/10 soundtrack, great atmosphere."
,Recommended,251770,30403740,Posted: 8 March,all,Rume Kari,"I played this game when I was a teenager. Total nostalgia, great game the story is great and so is the sound track!"
,Not Recommended,251770,23246235,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,M E G A D E T H,"this is the 1st time im playing this game from a recommendation; so im not looking at it with rose-tinted glasses due to nostalgia.the jumping puzzles are frustrating because if you don't land correctly its an insta- death, most likely for me, landing in lava.not able to play this game with a KB + mouse since the mouse pans at a snails pace no matter the setting so you are left with playing with the KB only; the controls sucks which doesn't help these jumping puzzles one bit.the controls are the major issue for me.  if you are able to play with a gamepad, or with KB + mouse, both having a tighter control of your character, im sure the jumping puzzles wouldn't be so arbitrarily difficult."
,Recommended,251770,22703184,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,☩ KruziikDova ⛧ XAVLEG,It is a really dark game. So much darkness. Darker than my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198033975337,Recommended,251770,18863387,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Inquizitor,"Childhood comes back.Really. I still do have German version of this game on PS1 (and i know German lang like maths)I had it as a gift from my dad (i was like 7-8 yrs old)...yeah,horror game for kid,why not?Anyways,after few years i managed to win it (PS1 version,cuz i was stuck at one point for long time)AND NOW,i bought it for 1.25€ on Halloween SaleAll i can say,that this shadowman is DIFFERENT than the one on PS1.Gameplay remains but it has better graphics and it is MUCH better...better sounds,has areas where PS1 variant did not had and stuff and more stuff.________________________________________________________________________________Recap: Very good,but underrated Horror-ish shooter game with decent plot and gameplay,large maps,puzzles,mazes,jumpscares,creepy places. PLUS,it is a challenging game,not easy to beat.Generally one of my favorite games of my childhood."
76561198035809038,Recommended,251770,26871434,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Windybeard,"Still as good as it was all those years ago. Atmospheric, exciting and creepy!"
,Recommended,251770,7420204,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Betelgeuse,"I used to play the hell out of this game back in the day on N64. One of the first horror experiences I've ever had playing a video game. This was ahead of it's time in terms of gruesomeness and dark subject matter. Lots of backtracking involved, puzzle solving, and collectibles to be found. The real pay off comes when you battle each serial killer and take on Legion himself.This is a very underrated gem that everyone should play before they die."
,Not Recommended,251770,16231935,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Merim,"While i do like the story and gameplay from beginning to end, my only issue and it was a BIG impact due to majority issues of it, i kept stumbling across some bugs/glitches throughout my gameplay from beginning to end as well. Such as gripping through ledges, and end up releasing it even though i never let go. Another with grabbing ledge, but when u climb up u sometimes either fall down or somehow go through it which forces u to either restart from your last save point or use a teddy bear to teleport away from the glitch. Another glitch encountment was when i grab the ledge and move to the side, i apparently stop moving in the middle of it while my character is moving sideways. I had to hold down the key for a LONG time just for Michael to go through the glitch. There are some on important areas as well, you cant miss it.Those encounters are happening in game quite OFTEN, making the game even harder as it is to complete and feels impossible with the glitches/bugs in the way. I dont know about other versions, but steam version i would not recommend buying it from.What i can say is its possible to beat the steam version with glitches, all it takes is patience and some strategy on how to get around it.Aside from the majority glitch issues, the game is really fun and boss battles are quite challenging indeed. Just dont get the steam version if you dont want to struggle like i did with the glitches/bugs."
,Recommended,251770,11173946,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Pascal GER,"My childhood :,)Got it on PC-cdOn n64On SteamWorth it !"
76561198085065007,Not Recommended,251770,24395954,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Doomnezo,"At this moment the game is just not playable.I've tried it on two computers with Win 7 32 bits/64 bits and my character slides all over the place, I can barely control it, the graphics are very buggy and sometimes there seems to be invisible walls on clear paths.I don't know whats happening, so for now I'm not recommending it."
,Not Recommended,251770,22684241,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,mentatparadigm,"I saw this on sale for a couple of bucks and decided to take a trip down memory lane. Sadly, some memories are best left in the past.Fullscreen is broken on Windows 10. I've read that some people got it working on Win7 but I had to use a third-party tool and play in windowed mode just to be able to see the entire screen. There's a sort of pseduo-mouselook in the game but it was sluggish and reversed no matter what I set it to, so I switched to my XBox One controller. Gamepad support is barely functional - the game doesn't detect my second analog stick, either trigger, or the d-pad.Add all this to a game that was alright but not great when it was released 17 years ago and it's simply not worth the hassle."
,Recommended,251770,16035095,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,RCGamer,real good game not the best of graphics but the gameplay makes this game one of my favorites!!*9/10*^00^'--'
76561198172327229,Recommended,251770,24679748,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,b_dunn972,"more than 60 hour game play. really challenging, i would recommend 100%"
,Recommended,251770,7579656,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,ArchoN,"The best game I've ever played. I'm not exaggerating, nor am I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you. This thing blows all 3D Action adventure games (Tomb raider, Zelda etc) out of the ♥♥♥♥ing water. Despite being an old title (Released in 1999), it's atmosphere, soundtrack and gameplay destroy most if not all modern games. Has a very unique style, and rewards exploration well. Has a good amount of replayability, due to it's non linear style. 11/10, best game in my steam library."
,Recommended,251770,18996146,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,furious mind,Best game ever..
,Recommended,251770,21670372,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bernibär,Awesome story and alltime classic :) Love it!
,Recommended,251770,16566922,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vördr,This game is still awesome after 15 years.
76561198113948632,Recommended,251770,24205254,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kain,"I used to play this game many years back on my PC and as I remember finished it twise!Everything is great about this game. atmosphere (very dark and evil atmosphere), gameplay, music, story line and even graphics!It's one of those great classic games that actualy you should use you brain and memory to remember blocked and non accessible areas becuase you have to come back and reach these areas after obtaining new powers, new abilities and new items.  It's not one of those linear games that we can see nowadays that many of them are all about  just pushing a few buttons that appears on the screen and see tons of cutscenes!Totally recommended for those who like Legacy of Kain series specially Soul Reaver fans!P.S: It's easier to play the game with controller but keyboard also is good and forget about the mouse. it's useless!"
76561197982919111,Not Recommended,251770,9050400,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,dogmurkywaters,"Fantastic old-skool gem...if only the Steam version worked!Love this game but the Steam version is BROKEN, hence the thumbs down.Be warned this game crashes every 5 minutes on my Win 7 64bit system.No amount of config tweaking or running in compatibility mode will get this game to run smoothly.Have also tried all the recommended patches and fixes.Looking at the forums, I'm not the only one having problems with the Steam version of Shadowman.Steam needs to offer the 30 day money back gaurantee on older games like the GOG website."
76561198053844197,Recommended,251770,10470955,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,who ha 32,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I EVER PLAY WHEN I HAD A PSONE AWSOME THANKS STEAM SO MUCH FORHAVEING IT ON STEAM IHOPE AND PRAY SHADOW MAN 2THE SECOND COMING COMES TO STEAM SOON
76561198007142965,Recommended,251770,20935401,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Rawbeard,"Dark Souls, what else?"
,Recommended,251770,22583586,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,OneFoxArmy,I had this game as a kid did not sleep and ther some parts that make me jump Shadow man is dark if you read the files on the five killers must play FOR WE ARE MENY
,Recommended,251770,33022512,Posted: 29 June,all,Bassamo,Shadow Man .. shadow game ..best port .
76561198048403378,Recommended,251770,9121826,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GameMaster19967,YEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,251770,23562908,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MMG Man,I just could not get into this game.  I wanted to like it but it was too slow paced and the controls were at times exceedingly annoying.
76561198037291990,Recommended,251770,23818101,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rod Lima,"BEST GAME EVER!!!!As it was in the beginning, is now, and forever shall be..."
76561198045195623,Not Recommended,251770,13360288,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Nubble6,"Played it on the N64, the controls were poorly implemented and the game starts off a little harder to follow(as it were when I was younger).  Game isn't too hard to follow now that actually have an attention span, but the controls are still not very good.  The graphics are obviously poor, but for an old game that is acceptable.  When I started playing my resolution was screwy, so I had to change some setting in the exe just to see what was happening.  The shooting, don't even get me started with the shooting in this game.  Alright I'll start myself on the shooting, it's terrible!  If I want to aim I have to switch to a whole new screen basically, and then in that screen you have a small reticle and nothing else.  That would be fine if I could move in that screen, or if the shooting key wasn't by default something so awkward as X.  Another thing that instantly made me almost want to turn the game off was all the unnecessary sounds.  There are wind chime sounds everywhere, but no wind chimes!  I know I could just turn off the sound, but if I wanted to hear the story I wouldn't get that.  Overall, I wouldn't ever play this game again nor would I recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,251770,14782248,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,gagetheking,I own the original on the n64 and the graphics on here are wayy better but unfortunately i cant get past the main menu without a crash (im on windows 8) so if you if your on windows 8 i cant recommend it to you but its actually a great game other than this version sucking
,Not Recommended,251770,13337372,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,Great game but as usual when it comes to old games on steam it's unplayable.First i had to spend an hour trying to figure out how to play the game on fullscreen.Then after that the game will crash or freeze every few min.Go look on the disscusions and you'll see everyone is having the same problems.Save yourself the hassle and buy it on gog....at least there you can get a refund if the game doesn't work.
76561198112651556,Not Recommended,251770,18645616,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nekz,"too old, bought it just for nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,251770,23196600,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,P.S. Trooper,It would be alright if I could get any resolution higher than 2048x1536 to work.
76561198025022085,Recommended,251770,10767205,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Neoanimus,"Kill serial killers like Dexter, use voodoo powers like AHS: Coven and the last boss will make you hate life.  Worth at least one playthrough and if you don't follow any startegy guides its a non-linear 70+ hour game."
76561198055652830,Recommended,251770,8902766,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,john_smash1970,shadow man is the first game i've ever played on the nintendo 64. and hell it's one of my favs horror games of all time. but man playing on the pc made it even more awesome i can experience. the only thing that i enjoy shadow man?? is the main theme look it up. but the only downside i had is when you might get stuck and completely forget where to go next. if you want a challege the game? then try it.
,Recommended,251770,7461921,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Sideshow,"On an impulse, I bought this. I wanted to play this again but I lost the disc. I felt like I was going back in time to when I played it and it's just as I remember it. Good script and some nice ideas. Does that mean you should play it? No. This isn't for everyone. It's a non-linear game and you'll be spending your time backtracking and trying to find Dark Souls which are the only way to level up and to progress through doors which require you to be at a certain level before you can pass. The graphics haven't aged either. Really sharp edges and flat faces which would be fine for the monsters you fight. I've spent 6 hours on this game and I'm pretty sure I'm less than 1/4 of the way. Other players have boasted 40-50 hours without a walkthough.Some nice gameplay ideas but it's negated by others. If you do play this game, search the net for a game map and have a walkthrough on hand to prevent you from sending several people from Deadside."
,Recommended,251770,8474407,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ian2awesome,tHIS game was my childhood
76561198129569030,Recommended,251770,9750107,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Mr.Black,great classic !!!wish you had the second shadow man also!!!
76561198029843669,Recommended,251770,17168140,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,MANFACE!,"Real classic Horror TPS.Story is interesting, gameplay is good, Graphics are... well... 1999... (It's old, DUH), the soundtrack (which you get along with the game) is creepy enough to make someone think about starting to wear a diaper to not wet their pants or fill it with something brown...All in all: Totally worth the money. Get it now."
76561197971932299,Recommended,251770,16768005,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dieghoul,It is like a Mario 64 but with voodoo and serial killers.For we are many.
76561197998345707,Recommended,251770,19786097,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,| Daryl Dixon |,"Amazing that some of the N64 classics are making their way to STEAM. Updated to take advantage of HD res & hardware of today's PC's. One of the most unique games I've ever played, even on the N64. I'm glad this is here, it's just too bad there are no achievements. Either way THANK YOU!!!!"
,Recommended,251770,19076114,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Senorito Burrito,"This is a flawed game, first and foremost. However, it's also a great game.  I originally bought this game when it was available on the Dreamcast, I loved every part of it and unfortunately did not complete the game. Younger me had a hard time navigating the game and was constantly lost. However, as a adult, I'm finding my way around a lot easier. I am excited to finally beat the game. Anyways, if you love older games, this is a must try. It's silly, dark, and fun."
,Recommended,251770,16605218,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kek[s],OLD SCHOOLhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg4UDrx_WOA
,Recommended,251770,15520582,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Onken,"Had it on Dreamcast, had to get it on  PC - haunting, memorable and just like I remember, fantastic stuff!"
76561198141077269,Recommended,251770,13414088,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,FeedtheToads,"My older brother got this game when it first game out in 1999 for the N64.  Funny enough I ended up playing it way more than he did. Fact is I played it casually over the next several years. Never quite got far enough to beat it. I had gotten far enough that I was close. I was fairly young then. As an adult now I was excited upon my discovery of 'Shadow Man' on Steam. I would strongly recommend this game to anyone with a decent computer that liked this game on consoles. The textures are smoother, everything feels more controllable, and the game options are slightly greater (in comparison to the N64 version). I also noticed a few small, subtle differences in certain areas that made it feel a little more new (again, in comparison to the N64 version). The sound is fantastic. Over the past several weeks each of my roommates have wondered into my room while I was playing. Claiming they heard the horrific sounds and were curious. They were all greatly interested in what I was playing. Several commented on its dark vibe, creepy music, and downright frightening sounds. I would like to add the price was not asking much."
76561197983515416,Recommended,251770,13022744,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ryanoconnell,Great game
,Recommended,251770,14401052,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Samurai Snake,"Old, but still entertaining.I guess you can call it a hidden gem, since it plays pretty well even today, but nobody remembers this game. The only frustraiting things are controls and mouselook - but what can you expect from a 16 year old N64 game? Other than that Shadow Man works really well.For those who don't know what to expect from the SM: gameplay is pretty much Darksiders/The Legend of Zelda, which is a pretty good thing.Story is entertaining, by the way, and the voice acting is good, but sometimes hilarious (""SHADOW MON"", ""HI, MOCHAEL"")."
,Recommended,251770,14955881,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Chemical Monsoon,THIS GAME IS A CLASSIC!!! what not to like there a irish midget named jaunty who in deadside is gaint talking snake. rivers of blood waterfalls of blood that you climb oh and you hunt down serial killers and stop the end of the world my score is a 15 out 10
76561198183833477,Recommended,251770,14802632,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,hurley121,Playing this game brings back so many memories. i played it on the N64 but its awesome to try it out on the PC.Love it.
,Recommended,251770,14265766,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mode7pro,"So, I heard about this game through Joshscorcher's scariest video game songs countdown, and I got curious, so during last year's winter sale I decided to pick this game up. I was entirely surprised to find a fairly well aged game that produced so many laughs with friends while playing, but still played well. If you're a fan of difficulty and B-movies, I would heavilly recommend this game."
76561198169602273,Recommended,251770,13557143,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ryuko_the_chosen,I loved this game growing up. it brings back alot of memories.playing it now on the PC makes me realise the effort that has gone into making this game. on the ps1 it looked cheep and unfinished but on the pc the same can not be said.I wish more people liked this game the way I did growing up. yes its cheesy and predictable and the battle system is very simple but theres just something about this game that puts a smile on my face. even when im utterly lost and cant find that 1 govi i need to progress further. lol
76561197960419349,Recommended,251770,7447934,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,MofoWithAFofo,One of the very greatest games ever created. An achievement. No gamer should ever miss this top tier title.
,Recommended,251770,12297789,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Shmoo,"This is one classic gem that never gets old for me, just like the early Resident Evils. This game may seem cheesy at first because of it's age but if you keep exploring you will discover a really well designed voodoo game unlike any other. The music is so cool that it just stays with you. Before there were open world games there was Shadow Man which was one of the first to offer non-linear game play. The mazes and puzzles are so deep that you will not be able to complete this game without some kind of help. Even then...there are some very challenging levels that will have you pulling your hair out at first! Just keep in mind that with patience and practice comes perfect! I really wish that they would remake this game and keep it mostly the same except for better graphics and newer voice acting. It would still make an incredible game now days. I hear Wesley Snipes is available...Colm Meaney as Jaunty...Pam Grier as Nettie. One of the five reminds me of Robert DeNiro in Cape Fear. The Lizard King reminds me of Michael Keaton in Desperate Measures. Some definite influences in this game but it has way more originality. If you decide to give it a shot, do NOT forget to save and...good luck to you...you WILL need it!"
76561198063113662,Recommended,251770,26750936,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,БLДÇКZДЯДК,This game is Awesome but controling is worst. Solution just use Xbox controller and work fine.So the game is about a man who can travel to Shadow realm. Someone want the world burn and unite a Phyco murderer. and you a hero must stop them.BTW the game has backing track and puzzle gameplay like Tombrider. Worth to play
,Recommended,251770,25500769,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Liamzombieswat,can you remove the new texture cos i like old games a bit more than new games exept for fallout anyways pls remove the new texture costhe otherone looked cooler
76561198018275141,Recommended,251770,7481951,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Sikelh,"This game was amazing back on the N64 and it's still a great game.  Easily worth the 5 bucks steam wants for it.. The game's primary focus is as a collectible hunting platformer with a few puzzles here and there to solve but nothing particularly complicated.  It also has a little bt of third person shooter style combat but this isn't the main focus of the game. It does try hard to make things hard to find which is a good thing and makes you actually have to slow down and look at everything to figure out what exactly to do next instead of just pointing you straight at the next waypoint. The controls are a little wonky but are pretty damn good as far as N64 games go plus you can set up a much smoother control set up than it had using the horrible N64 controller with either a better controller of your chosing or the mouse and keyboard or even just the keyboard. All in all I would definately consider this game if you liked games like psychonauts, the Soul Reaver series, and even games like the banjo kazooie games.  Please enjoy your stint as the lord of Deadside."
,Recommended,251770,25418626,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,C4EFFECT,This game needs no reccomendation.Its Shadowman.Enough said.
,Recommended,251770,23109110,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,GN2MYHEAD,"Great interconnected open world that just prods at your nastalgia in amazing ways.If you mashed up the games Zelda Ocarina of Time, Dark Souls Series, Jet Force Gemini and some really disturbing horror films with a dash of Jack The Ripper this is what you get.Massive environment for it's time and incredibly creative down to the tiniest and weirdest of easter Eggs. The Devs really took advantage of the 3D space and made a deep web that at times can make you feel like such a jackass for getting lost but also like a champion when you come accross that one door you didn't notice that happens to hold a weapon capable of clearing a room a hell spawn.This game does a better job of making you feel like your in hell than Doom. Now I don't say that comparing the action because this is an over the shoulder horror adventure but the environment, it's music, the fantastic lore all come together to make it hard for you to play with all the lights out."
,Recommended,251770,23374676,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Winning117 (Josh),"Amazing game, took me 23 hours to beat. Lots of fun, tons of puzzles, and a myriad of spooky/neat characters/enemies. I highly recommend this game :D"
,Recommended,251770,23294980,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,"Brainfukc (""Petruuschka"")","My absolute favourite as a kid, then it got kind of lost and now it's back in all its glory! Very dark, atmospheric game with a great story and great graphics for that time. In combination with its very low price a must for every fan and a worthy purchase for everyone being curious of it! :)"
,Recommended,251770,24351537,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WatchmeDoc,"Probably my favorite game, high quality... Damn i miss those days with games like that... I highly recommend shadowman to any player who is thirsty for adventure."
76561198215084373,Recommended,251770,21250387,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CPYoung89,"Playing this game now after probably just under 10 years, last time I played it being on the N64, it's not as big or difficult as I remember but definitely as good. Such a good game. Definitely one that anyone with a passion for games should give a go."
76561198150891994,Recommended,251770,28726790,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rbeveridge,"I first encountered this game on a friend's N64 back in the day after he rented it from the local video store. I was hooked from the start by the scale and atmosphere and bought the version for the original Playstation. Although that version didn't have the graphical quality of the N64, some game elements were change and the control response was poor by today's standards making progress through some of the platforming more luck than judgement I nevertheless perservered and completed the game. Ten years or so later I got an N64 to enjoy some retro gaming and Shadowman was the first game I went after and again played this through to completion.I have now bought it again for the bargain price of £0.99 and am so happy I did. Playing it on a high spec PC like I now have is giving me the game experience I imagine the developers intended all those years ago. I'm using a gamepad controller rather than keyboard and find it absolutely fine. Sections I had struggled with on Playstation and N64 versions due to control issues have been navigated without the frustration and repeated attempts I endured before. The graphics have that retro feel which some younger people will scoff at but more mature gamers like myself will enjoy the nostalgia.Most importantly though the game atmosphere is still creepy as hell and the sound design lends itself to this perfectly. The Playrooms level still makes me feel slightly queasy with it's nightmare nursery feel. Let's also not forget the game is huge and to play to completion will take up a good chunk of time and patience but the end result is worth it. Not bad for a game that is 17 years old."
,Recommended,251770,29885513,Posted: 12 February,all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Third person Atmospheric platform Horror game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to change the resolution size but i have no clue if this will cause errors once on a higher resolution size.There is a sound effect volume slidebar available, 0-100.There is a music volume slidebar available, 0-100.You are able to toggle the subtitles.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard and controller.You are able to play with your controller. Which would make sense for control configuration.You are able to change the mouse controls. Sensitivity meter, buttons and others.There are many different save slots available.About the game.Aaah, This game is from my childhood. Started playing on the Nintendo 64 Back then, Never was able to finish it but i still loved the game no matter what. The game story itself is pretty dark. You are some very skinny dude that is possessed with some voodoo and has to save the world by collecting the dark souls before the evil is doing it. You can travel between the planes and you have to collect souls and kill the lost souls. There are secret souls which will make you stronger. The game itself plays in a third person view and you can choose if you want to have a first person view when it comes to aiming and shooting. Walking around is only in third person.Animation looks kinda funny in the cutscenes Lol.Game is truly for oldschoolers.Story is dark deep.Game has some humor.Controls are okish, You have to keep in mind this were N64 Controls.Graphics is decent.You can manually save your game.Cutscenes are voiced over with subtitles.Characters outside of the cutscene is also voiced over.Game has collectables.Game has secrets.Other things.There is NO steam overlay, which means you can't open the steam chat windows.You could get an emulator and then play the game for free. But you will not support the company that way. Especially for this good old game.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
76561198362493301,Recommended,251770,31149578,Posted: 14 April,all,winkinclown,"I had this game on my old XP laptop, and played it for hours and hours; the game is so immersive, you can't put it down.Many many parts of it are truly, deliciously terrifying!!I was really thrilled to find it on Steam - but I'm having the same freeze-up problem as many others (even though its been supposedly patched for windows 10, it still freezes about 10 minutes into gameplay; so I try and remember to Save every few minutes).Apart from the freezing issues, I still think its worth trying everything suggested (doesnt fix it for me so far), and just enjoy (and keep Saving it every few minutes, so you dont lose your progress)  - worth it, because its one of the best games I've ever played, and always will be.Highly recommended, if you're prepared to put up with freezes and restarting your pc - which I am.  Now I've got it, Its just too precious, to give up on.I'll put up with the issues, and hope someday a workaround or a patch will be sent out/automatically installed, for everyone of us."
76561197975724099,Recommended,251770,7534378,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,el jefe,good ol jumpin puzzly fun.  can't tell ya how much time i spent on it when it came out on the dreamcast .... now if only they'd get turok on steam:D
76561198000071977,Recommended,251770,33047626,Posted: 30 June,all,Dozzan,"This is one of my best Horror / Action games through time. Good story, great gameplay and the environment that you explore is absolutely amazing. Started playing this when I was a young kid and loved it. Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251770,33108713,Posted: 1 July,all,MrMeeeMdick!!! | Kλpital Key,This game makes me remember all old times on my 2002 pc ;D
76561198314869774,Recommended,251770,33490114,Posted: 12 July,all,Desa,"This is an amazing, rather old game! I mean the atmosphere, the soundtrack. The story.. I love it! i play it through every once in a while. Nobody seems to care about shadowman 2 pc or a remake. This game absolutely deserves it!Some guy retextured it pretty good though. Google shadowman retexture and most likely you will find it. Seems it's the only patch/ mod out there so far."
,Recommended,251770,34748730,Posted: 4 September,all,alt3ma,"windows ten pro , nividia 880m , works fine, like all games works best with alienware"
76561198129936651,Recommended,251770,35491262,Posted: 5 October,all,kokiri1232,"Now before I begin my review, I have heard there are ShadowMan comics. I don’t know the comics so I won’t talk about if the game is faithful to them or not, I am just going to talk about the game. All so you don’t need to know about the games to get the story and the characters.Okay, Shadow Man is a good and interesting horror game with some monster desires and a good atmosphere.Now for the story, you play as Michael LeRoi a powerful voodoo warrior called the shadowman, who must stop an evil demon and his five serial killers before they cause the Apocalypse.What I liked about this game. I liked the world AKA Deadside. You can see where the makers got the idea for its look and feel.Voice acting was good a bit hamy but still good.The music was good too. The monsters looked scary and good. The voodoo weapons were cool too.Now for the things I did not like. It was to dark sometimes, I mean you could turn up the brightness but only in the main menu, but I could not find it. Some of the bosses were cheap and you could get lost in the game too.There is a map but not in game. All so first starting out playing the game can be a bit of a pain, but only for a short bit. And there are a few bug’s but nothing game breaking. And it ends on a bit of a cliff hanger but its not bad.So with all that said I really liked this game. This was a good classic horror so and I recommend it."
