user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251730,12752365,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PoetIsland,"Best Dungeon Crawl EverAlmost Human has surpassed not only the original but every grid-based dungeon crawler I've encountered. My friends would lament the passing of the grid-based dungeon crawls and fondly remember ""Dungeon Master"", ""Eye of the Beholder"", ""Wizardry"", ""The Bards Tale"".  Few will review this game and not re-count how amazing those games were to those who remember them. I think this game doesn’t just build upon the classics it surpasses their accomplishments. It’s the finest grid dungeon crawler ever made.I loved the original Grimrock, having myself given up on the style years ago, it was like meeting an old friend from high-school. It was stylish and fresh, but like many a first outing, you spent your entire time delving to the deepest level of the dungeon only to find the game itself lacked depth. The fighting tactics were simple “square-dancing” and the magic system was a little sparse. It was an adventure but from a gameplay standpoint it lived in the shadow of former classics. It was wonderfully atmospheric and playfully told but not as grandiose or sprawling as the later Bard's Tales or Eye of the Beholder sequels.This game does away with the limitations of scope imposed by the original and improves upon the gameplay fundamentals of what made this game great in the first place. The fighting, monster design, artwork and music have all been significantly improved upon.  It's significantly more open and the artwork on display during outdoor sequences is beautifully rendered.  Music and sound design sets the tone appropriately and is wonderfully epic in tense moments. In a lesser game the grandiose pretentions would seem bombastic but the effort you have to put into defeating the game makes it feel like your genuinely overcoming huge obstacles.Character generation is more interesting but still simple enough to avoid being paralyzed by the tyranny of choice.  Puzzles and secrets are everywhere. You'll start tripping over hints and clues as soon as the game hits its stride. Many puzzles are straightforward once you understand what is being asked of you but Grimrock is coy about showing you the way. Normally this would be a recipe for some very impenetrable and time-consuming exercise in guessing what the developer intended for you to do;  In Grimrock the puzzles reward observation and careful guesswork but not baseless guessing.After the simple fundamental tutorial puzzles are concluded, Grimrock avoids puzzle designs I’d seen in past games including the original. There is no laborious map-breaking teleporter maze puzzle. It seems grid based dungeons  ALWAYS have a teleporter maze puzzle and I’ve seen many that are needlessly miserable. Grimrock II consistently finds new ways of creating puzzles with switches and pressure plates with less reuse of puzzles veterans will have seen many times before.Fighting is more fluid generally and many fights are more memorable and unexpected.  You still have to abuse the grid system to succeed in fights but it's made less easy by how many encounters are staged. Enemy types behave very differently and many need specialized tactics to defeat efficiently. The introduction is still gentle, the middle is tense, and the end-game is full of surprises. Combat was rarely tedious except for backtracking which except for those trying to wring every secret from the game isn't too excesive.It’s an amazing game. I’m looking forward to the next installment already but for right now I’m happy to have experienced a great game."
76561198004542335,Recommended,251730,12532503,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Whiskey Icarus,"It's like masturbating with your left hand.  Different enough to be exciting again, but still familiar and comfortable."
,Recommended,251730,13169475,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,darkcecil13,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED 100%. Any gamer would be a fool not to play this.It's a non-linear version of Legend of Grimrock with a mix of indoor and outdoor environments to explore, with countless improvements.+ Huge island to explore. It's non-linear so you can venture whereever you want and get to end game. I beat the game in about 50 hours, but some people have beaten it in 20 or so hours. I did a lot of backtracking+ Much refined character development and skill point system+ Combat is greatly improved, You can't cheese battles like you could in LoG.+ More rewarding puzzles.  Some of them are tough, but if you get stuck you can just skip it and go elsewhere. You usually figure out puzzles in your sleep anyway.+ Amazing soundtrack+ Gorgeous graphics+ More varieties of enemies+ It's like Dungeon Master 2!!- Can't think of anything bad about this game."
,Not Recommended,251730,13922489,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Riiakhan,"I really wish there was a Neutral or Mixed option for whether or not to recommend a game here on Steam so while I might have ""not recommended it"" my stance on it is actually mixed.You can read the good stuff about LoG2 from other reviewers, I just want to vent what I personally disliked about the game.Open worldThe atmosphere of loneliness, isolation and claustrophobia from the first game is pretty much gone. The feeling of you being in an alienating machine which lives all around you, trying to kill you is gone. There is just something terrifying about the prospect of running out of food deep underground in a dungeon you can't get out of. About having to continuously push forward deeper down into a world unknown to you in the vague prospect of being allowed out. Because of the open world and outside environment the atmosphere is completely lost.It doesn't help that the world feels like a themepark either or that the square design looks awful when it comes to how trees, plants rocks and especially water is designed to act as barriers. The locations like graveyard, crystal caves and the swamp don't feel natural at all. Out of nowhere you leave the regular forest area and BOOM! Now you're in a swamp and the area looks completely different. It comes across as cartoonish. There is no feeling of loneliness because there's stuff all around you. There is no feeling of isolation or claustrophobia because you can at any point just leave a dungeon. (except for a few select instances when you have to battla a boss or solve a puzzle)Finally, the idea of allowing players to choose where to go might sound good on paper but in practice it makes the game overwhelming at times (in a bad way). You might get something that is crucial to use later on at a puzzle to get to a power gem which is vital to completing the game but because the game doesn't tell you that you might deem it irrelavent because you've combed the area you found it in and you decided you want to have more space in your inventory for stuff that is actually useful. So you throw it out and then later on you come across that puzzle and would you look at that? You can't solve it. Because the piece that would have helped made sense of this puzzle is somewhere in a dungeon but you can't remember where.Don't get me wrong. This^ doesn't happen all the time, there is only a select few moments where things like this can happen, but it made me very uncomfortable to go 'anywhere' because I was afraid I wouldn't be doing the puzzles and♥♥♥♥♥♥in the right order.Puzzle DesignSo the puzzles... In the first game, a puzzle was pretty straightforward when it was presented to you. You're in a small'ish room where all you need to solve the puzzle are at for the most part. In the sequel, the puzzles are a mess. Sometimes you can't solve a puzzle you stumble onto until way later when you've solved other puzzles. Or you might come across a puzzle where you have to have X to finish it, a crucial plot-important puzzle that is. So what if you don't have X? What if you didn't pick it up? What if you've used all of X up? Then there are puzzles where you need to comb the entire ♥♥♥♥ing area for a button or something that is connected to it but because the game gives you no hints you tediously check every damn wall for that damn button.See that's the thing. In the first game, secret buttons for the most part where for bonus-rooms of loot. In the second game there are times where they are crucial to your advancement in the plot and you end up feeling obligated to check every damn wall you can in order to find a button and that tediousness adds up after a while until I reached the point where every time I entered a dungeon where I had to comb walls my enjoyment dropped.Broken FeetSo, we can break limbs in this one. For the most part it is a nice addition to the game, except the feet. See, if you break your feet (which you will do a lot because of having to go down fall doors and pits) your characters max weight drops until you heal the character with a potion. So what do you think will happen when you accidentally (or have to jump down because that is the way to advance the game) go down a hole and end up having to face enemies? That's right, you're stuck because on of your characters broke their feet and they are now overencumbered and you ran out of potions for the character because of all the other times you had to heal his/her ♥♥♥♥ing feet because of those ♥♥♥♥ing trapdoors. Best craft yet another potion to heal their feet!Crate/Sack ScreenAll right, so remember how in the first game when you open a sack or crate then it opens to the side of your inventory screen so that you can have a full view of what you're carrying, what you got equipped and what is in the additional space of the crate/sack? Remember that neat little design that allowed you full view of all of your character? Yeah. The crate/sack screen now opens 'over' you equipment screen.Puzzle DifficultyThe game becomes too damn nonsensical at a certain point. It is not that the difficulty of the puzzles increase, it is that you don't get any hint as to what you are supposed to do a lot of the time when it comes to puzzles and without a stepping stone you're pretty much forced to look up a tip or how to do the entire puzzle because it just doesn't make any damn sense to you. You will come across puzzles that, unless you are the developers, you won't have any idea how to do them. It's like a friend of yours telling you an inside joke the two of you never had and then she laughs, sees you aren't laughing and then remembers that it was an inside joke she had with another friend. Now if you were to think, and I mean 'really' think about what she said and think about what her friends are and what they were doing and think back on stories they've told then maybe you'd eventually piece together what the inside joke was about.Question is, is the joke still funny? It isn't for me. I sat at one of those tedious♥♥♥♥♥puzzles, refusing to look it up and was damn determined to figure it out myself and when I finally did it wasn't an ""Aha!"" moment, it was ""...So that is how it works huh? Fun... I can finally ♥♥♥♥ing move on..."" Had I been given a teensy little tip at each of those convoluted puzzles then maybe it would have been more fun because you'd at least have a freaking stepping stone, but without them you'll resort to looking it up online. There was only 2 times I had this problem in the first game, but in this one you'll start getting them more and more frequently once you reach the later stages of the game.Now, with those things said, the world is still fun. The combat (while clumsy) is still fun. Most of the puzzles are fun. There is more variety in locations (even if they come across as cartoonishly designed sometimes). There are more ways to build characters.  And in general it's just fun up until a certain point in the game. So, I do recommend the game, I just want you to know some of the issues I encountered in the game and prepare yourself in case you encounter them as well."
,Recommended,251730,19055487,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,BladeTwinSwords,"Length of Time Played: ~50 Hours (Non-Steam Version)Distance Played: Beaten the StoryPersonal Grade: AOpinion of Each AspectGrading System - Based on a 5 point rating system.(5 = Outstanding, 4 = Good, 3 = Average, 2 = Poor, 1 = Awful)Gameplay: 4/5Stability: 5/5Story: 4/5Controls: 3/5Graphics: 4/5Music: 4/5Sounds: 4/5Difficulty: 5/5Notes: + (Positives), = (Small Gripes), - (Negatives)+ Significantly improved AI compared to the 1st Grimrock+ Environments change as you go along+ Great difficulty curve+ Excellent music that fits the game+ Nice transition between night and day+ Additional races and classes to play as= Does require a mouse to play effectively= Interface is a bit awkward at times= Some of the puzzles seem a bit too challenging- The final boss is a bit of a joke"
,Recommended,251730,12506952,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MrJenssen,"So far this is a HUGE improvement and expansion on the original, it's more open-ended, you spend as much time out on the surface as you do in dungeons, there's a night and day cycle, more secrets, more loot, more everything! It's a challenging game but you can always chicken out and check the solutions to puzzles on the internet if you can't brain your way through it. If combat is too hard for you, just set the difficulty to Easy. Great fun game, fantastic atmosphere and sense of mastery!"
,Recommended,251730,12579038,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Real Soviet Bear,"Grimrock 2 requires that you think outside of the box from the get-go, because the game is constantly building upon everything it teaches you. There's no handholding, and I don't mean that in the ""so hardcore it craps 8 shades of bits"", but in the ""you're in this situation, deal with it"".You won't always have the tools to deal with the challenges. Sometimes you'll have to remember that one spot in the game world where there's something you can do or deal with. Sometimes a puzzle solution might not be apparent or you might not even have the in-game knowledge to solve it. It's a game that requires your attention, that frequently puts you in a ""Are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me?"" situation, but that's ultimately rewarding when you do figure out what was going on.The puzzles themselves are probably the best part of the game and are quite self-aware. They are laid out so that the play with what previous puzzles have taught you, which means sometimes they iterate on an approach, or break a misconception you may have had, but never do they feel like they are repeating themselves.Compared to Grimrock 1, the skills are more streamlined, the classes more interesting and the openess and scope of the game makes the first game seem almost like a demo. If you like RPGs, puzzle-solving and exploration, Grimrock 2 will deliver nicely on every front."
76561197993974719,Recommended,251730,32088237,Posted: 31 May,all,Takngitslo,"A criminally underrated game, I have seldom seen a developer take their original hit which was already almost perfect, and actually manage to improve on it in every way shape and form. You do not need to have played the original to play or enjoy this game. Their stories are completely seperate.The game itself is much less linear than its predecessor. The best way I can explain the feeling of going through the environments without referencing Grimrock itself is by saying it felt an awful lot like Myst to me, just with combat. Required puzzles for progression were challenging but not impossible, some of the secret challenges were much more difficult. I admit I used an online guide more than a few times, but it did nothing to diminish my enjoyment of the game. It is immersive, challenging, and satisfying.The only drawback I can think of is the difficulty. It feels like you cannot win with any group composition, I suggest no more than 2 of any class or weapon/armor type user. I went with a warrior, two rogues(one range), and a mage, this way you as well makes you unlikely to complete a difficult fight or puzzle and be rewarded with something you cannot use. Combat itself can be challenging as I said, but you will rarely feel like you are simply incapable of winning. There are obvious ways to optimize the way you approach an encounter the second time if you die the first.Be prepared to immerse yourself, you must pay attention to your surroundings, read and remember notes you find, explore every nook and cranny you can find, and you will be rewarded. Good luck!"
,Recommended,251730,13063894,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,krayzkrok,"I loved the first Legend of Grimrock, it successfully updated the old Dungeon Master first-person dungeon crawler. It was one of my favourite games of 2012. If it had flaws, it was the lack of variety in combat and environment.Legend of Grimrock 2 fixes all those flaws, and is immediately a much better game for it. The only thing it loses is its gradual ""descent"" into the depths of the dungeon. Here the world is laid out across a much wider area, although there is both depth and height to most dungeons now. The outdoor areas are the most noticeable change when you first start, and they add much needed life to the game. Some of the sights you'll encounter are impressive, not something I was expecting from a grid-based crawler, but the game can be often beautiful. Indoors the engine now deals with height within the same dungeon level, so ladders lead up and down onto platforms, and coupled with quite a few different mechanics leads to a lot more variety in the kind of puzzles that are possible. I didn't find the puzzles to be quite as challenging as Grimrock 1, some of which relied heavily on very tight timing, and in the sequel clues tend to be spread across the map rather than being just around the next corner. A lot of hints are very opaque at first, but gradual dawning realisation will occur much later in the game as you start to piece it together. Personally I really enjoyed this, and being able to make notes on the map is pretty much essential to keep track of them.Combat is a vast improvement as well. There's much less reliance on dancing around enemies to stay out of harm's way, facing-off is far more feasible this time (on normal difficulty at least!) due to better character balance, progression, and smarter use of character traits. Of course, there are always exceptions, and the developers are clearly having fun keeping the player on their toes with new enemy types. This is not a turn-based game, but it should be manageable.It took me a little over 40 hours to beat the game, although I've been quite thorough. I know others who did it in half that time. Even after beating the game, there's one major secret that I've yet to conquer, a way of ending the story more satisfactorily. I'm sure it will keep me busy a while longer. This is easily a contender for my favourite game of 2014."
,Recommended,251730,13511015,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kenah's Friend,"10/10 What a Sequel Should Always Be! (Expand the Review for a summary)Pros- Mod Support- Level Editor- Secret Chests and Rooms- ""Untold"" Story- Great Soundtrack- Guns GUNS GUNS!- Outside Environments- Multiple Difficulty Options- Very Good Character Customization- Nicely Laid Out Puzzles- VERY HIGH REPLAY VALUECons- Some Puzzles, though nicely laid out, lack thought or ""Obvious"" completion paths- Atrocious Anti-AliasingJust wow. It is not very often that a sequel to a game that I thought was ""meh"" comes around blows me way the ♥♥♥♥ away. This is one of them. I have been having an absolute blast playing this game, closet comparison I think I can make for Grimrock is Wizardry (mainly 8.)  One of the things that I really liked about the first Grimrock game was the replay value and Level Editor that was added, and my god did Grimrock 2 deliver in those areas too! The level editor is fleshed out in a pretty serious manner, mods have already been developed for the game. The way the story is told, outside of the opening cutscene is pretty much through things you discover for yourself, letters in the world, things you see, the closest comparison I can make is to Dark Souls where the lore is indirectly fed to you, I like the setup, and it adds to the mystery of the Island. One of the new things they added was outside areas, which was one of the best editions this game could have made, for one, it allows for some serious modding potential, (Eye of the Beholder anyone?), the other thing is it just expands more on the world itself allowing you to be a bit more immersed. Another thing that was added was a Day and Night Cycle, it is also very well done and definetly adds to the atmosphere in a few areas (The Cemetery.) Next, I would like to give a big shout out to the guns. There are guns in this game! They added Guns! I really shouldn't have to go on any farther on that subject, although mechanically speaking they can be weak, they jam, and bullets are hard to come by. Its a matter of choice though, some people seem to really like them. Lastly on game mechanics themselves I would like to talk about the Puzzles. I found most of the puzzles to be intuitive and fun but there were a few that just stuck out because they were so basic or because they were so complex. The example the comes to mind at the moment is the Gate in the Cemetary, I had no clue what to do and eventually gave up and looked it up. I would have never had a single clue if I had not done that, although there was probably a note or something somewhere. One more thing, the Anti-Aliasing in this game is terrible, SweetFX can fix it, and I am sure if you have a 780ti, 970/980, or a 290x you could downsample to make it much better, but that is something I notice, and I am sure many others do too.Bottom line though, this game is bonkers, I was stoked about it when I got it and I am still having fun with it. Great game, maybe even my favorite game of the year."
76561198002694080,Recommended,251730,12576438,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Redking,"Probably one of the most significant dungeon RPGs in years. As good as GR1 was in a throwback to the good-ol-days, GR2 takes the next step, improves on nearly every aspect, and provides a much deeper, thoughtful, and dynamic world.The amount of character variation is incredible; between the combination of race/class/and ultimately how you decide to build each person.  There's no ""right"" or required group, and it seems as if a variety of class/build combinations would be successful and more imporatantly, fun.The combat system is strategic and challenging; combining just the right amount of pacing, real-time action, and strategic positioning. Weapons have depth with special abilities, often making equipping a difficult choice of round-to-round stats vs the benefits of the special attack. Characters have enough room to create any of the iconic traditional roles, or any combination between.The puzzels are integrated into the terrain and narrative so well that they seem to just melt into the environment, in a very Myst-style fashion. Their locations and solutions are often overlapping with other adjacent (or non-adjacent) areas in that you can recieve clues to puzzels you have yet to encounter and encounter puzzels you have no solutions for; the name of the game is flexibility and patience. The game rarely asks you to be instaneous and in that you should appriciate the same from the game. Not everything is to be solved on the spot.Overall, a powerful RPG/adventure game that really gets its all right within the system its defined for itself. Often times I find myself questioning whatever game I'm playing could've done better, with GR2, I am only ever amazing about all the things it gets right. Difficult enough to be a challenge but not so much it gets frustrating. Just a really special game."
76561197985072747,Recommended,251730,13216423,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - 3D tile based RPG (Fantasy)I am an 80s child and have fond memories of Dungeon Master, Ishar, Eye of the Beholder and Lands of Lore. Then it all went very quiet for a long while, but along came Legend of Grimrock and it was ace! It went quiet again then it came back! It is a true sequel adding new environments, game mechanics, puzzles and monsters. You move around a tile a time, need to eat, solve puzzles, find loot and slay monsters. The graphics are the best I have seen for this genre and is a fair challenge. A well balanced game for old farts and those who are willing to try a more retro style game. Ten times better than WoW, although you can't chat up Female Trolls played by men in this..."
,Recommended,251730,32466981,Posted: 16 June,all,Vexing Vision,"Clever, tricky and downright gorgeous - Legend of Grimrock 2 improves on everything that made Grimrock 1 one of the best dungeoncrawlers in the past decade.Instead of a grimy old dungeon, you get to explore an entire island full of a huge variety of locales, from seaside beaches infested by crabs, graveyards filled with fancy undead coming out of their graves all around you to pyramids, castles, haunted villages and of course many more dungeons.The puzzles are still constructed, and fun to solve. The bossfights are meaty and clever, and the party composition actually allows a lot of freedom to accept your own playstyle.If you were looking for a worthy successor to Dungeon Master and Bloodwych, play Legend of Grimrock 1 first - and then come here, prepared to have your mind blown."
76561198034600665,Recommended,251730,19488636,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sabrebear,"A semi-action RPG in the vein of the old Dungeon Master games, Legend of Grimrock 2 improves quite a bit on the original's already strong performance. With secrets abound, hidden alcoves, and a mysterious story with more depth than it appears to have, Grimrock 2 keeps much of what was good about the first game of the series.However, Grimrock 2 improves the game in several ways. First of all, the game takes place in the over and underworld of the Isle of Nex, a land with varied terrain and many foes. The overworld segments are interesting, holding shortcuts to dungeons, their own secrets, buried treasure, and several puzzles. The overworlds also have respawning foes and food supplies, allowing the beleaguered adventurer to get their resources back and grind if truly necessary. The main goal of the game centers around collecting various items from the world, and thanks to the overworld is very freeform-- besides a fairly linear intro area, you are free to go wherever you please. However, some areas are gated by their difficulty, so progression still exists.Dungeons are entertaining as always, with a mix of combat-heavy areas, boss battles (another new feature, and one that's quite well-executed), exploration challenges, and difficult puzzles. Traps and ambushes are still common, as with Grimrock 1, but they felt less frustrating, perhaps because there was typically at least one place to run to if things got difficult.Graphically, the options are good enough to make the game very pretty, or ugly enough to run on computers without high-tier GPUs. On middling settings, the game ran very smoothly on a Surface Pro 3 in every case, and the game ran smoothly in less intense areas when on higher settings on the same device.As far as negatives, there were a couple things that I noticed. The food system makes a return from Grimrock 1, and while it remains as unintrusive as always, it's definitely nothing more than a way to put weight in the party's packs. While there were one or two times where I took breaks from dungeoneering to secure more food, it was never a huge concern because of the overworld. As long as you're progressing at a good pace through the game, the food mechanics only show up when you forget to do the inventory dance every half-hour of gameplay or so.Also somewhat disappointing was the spell system, which felt like it had some wasted potential. While there was one unique spell per spell tree, some elements are outright better than others, and spells range from uncreative (a multi-rune ranged bolt and single-rune damage spell of every element, as well as element-resistance shields for each element) to somewhat interesting but already done (the utility spells in Air and Water trees), with one notable exception: the Force Field spell, which creates a block on a tile of choice that no projectiles or foes can enter, attack from, or exit. I would have appreciated the following:-A utility spell for Earth (Air and Water have one, and Fire's is replaced with a unique damaging spell)-An Underwater breathing/Underwater action spell (Typically, underwater action is impossible, and time underwater is limited)-A transmutation spell, to make junk more useful-The arrow enchanting spells from Grimrock 1, or a similar sort of spell-Some sort of knockback or pushback spell (maybe make that the Earth utility, with damage?)-A ""Detect Secrets"" spell, but perhaps with a high cost or skill requirement and very short duration. Something to highlight secret buttons, basically, even if it just used a sound indicator to show if one was close.-Something unique to the Wizard class so that it isn't hilariously useless-More unique, varied spells that I didn't think ofThe casting system was improved from Grimrock 1 in terms of useability, as it's now much faster to cast well, but the lack of spells really was disappointing.Third, due to the freeform progression, it's possible to barely scrape by in a difficult area and then return to an easy one, kicking yourself for not going there first. Your mileage may vary on this one-- it's pretty fun to just blast through areas, after all. Also, inventory management can become cumbersome-- in the late game especially. However, as everything is in real time, this could be considered part of the challenge.Finally, some of the required puzzles felt somewhat esoteric. However, I've never been good at those sorts of things, and many would consider brain-bending puzzles to be a pro, so take this with a grain of salt.Overall worth the purchase. And I'm not even including the custom dungeons, which have full scripting and great potential! Seriously consider buying this game.Of course, caveat: This game is very casual-unfriendly. If you don't find at least some of the secrets, you're gonna be in trouble. Also, those with poor eyesight won't appreciate small, difficult-to-find secret buttons."
,Recommended,251730,12590048,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ignacio Badtanman,"Legend of Grimrock 2 is one of those games that improves upon the prequel in (almost!) every way, and I can't do anything but whole-heartedly recommend it -- Even for people who haven't played the first. As it stands right now, there are several problems, but I'll address what I liked about the game first.The combat is just as fun as the first game, though now with arguably more strategy involved as most enemies are keen to your side-stepping ways and will have methods to counter them. Most enemies can now be countered by simply walking backward, as they lack lunging attacks save for a few smarter enemies, but at least that involves knowing the area and not simply moving into a 4x4 grid and keeping combat in that small, controlled area. Some enemies can still be conquered with that strategy, but they are few and far between.The puzzles are less obtuse in MOST cases, as well, which was a problem that I had with Grimrock 1 for sure. Most hints will make sense if you consider them for long enough, and very seldom will you find a dungeon without some kind of hint... Even if it's just a one-word sign stating the 'name' of the puzzle. Thanks to the new open-world nature of Grimrock 2, you will also have time to consider a puzzle that you might be stuck on while exploring an area you haven't yet cleared! Gone are the days of walking around a singular puzzle room because it blocks your progress forward, scratching your head in frustration and eventually just googling the answer.Speaking of the open world, that is a big step forward from Grimrock 1 and definitely one in the right direction. You'll have a choice of anywhere from two to four places to explore at once, meaning your progress isn't locked in a specific direction and you're not always just 'heading down' in a dungeon. There are dungeons, of course, but they're smaller in size than Grimrock 1's mystical mountain fortress. They're not always contained, however -- You might find the solution to a puzzle in one area within a completely different area, for instance, or at least a hint to its completion. That's well-done, most of the time!I had to use google for a total of four out of what must have been over fifty or sixty puzzles, and as soon as I looked it up (except for exactly two things), I was left smacking my forehead and going 'why didn't I think of that?'. The other two were simply things that weren't stated very well, or clearly enough, and both unfortunately blocked progress into significant parts of the game. Still, though! That hardly ruined my experience.Now, for the bad... My complaints are few, but they are important. First of all, several aspects of combat could use a re-work. Firearms, a new method of combat, are woefully underpowered for a simple reason: They can jam as well as miss, while other ranged weapons can only miss, and their damage is a fixed value with all Firearm weaponry while both Throwing and Missile weapons scale with Strength and Dexterity respectively. If you run an Alchemist and know the formulas for the permanent stat increasing formulas, you'll be looking at a Minotaur adding 50 damage to his Thrown Weapons or a Lizardman adding 40 damage to his Missile Weapons by endgame, compared to anyone adding... 0 damage to their Firearms. Add in the fact that Missile and Throwing weapons can be re-collected after combat where Firearms ammo is decidedly scarce and cannot... Well. They're basically useless.Additionally, enemy difficulty is up from the first game in a way that I don't technically agree with. On top of enemies having honestly absurd amounts of health in comparison, making some fights with non-boss enemies feel like a slog (I'm looking at you, crabs), there is a certain enemy that literally cannot be damaged by anything except one Water spell or a singular weapon that you find in a later area of the game... Usually after you've found and ran your face into that enemy and gone 'wtf?'. The enemy is infrequent and doesn't hurt very much even on Hard difficulty, but it can box you into a corner and then you're basically left to swing at it for 0 until you die and reload. I can't agree with that kind of design philosophy. Needing to invest 2 skill points into a certain magic tree or rush to the Cemetery to find the item to damage them with seems like lazy design, to me.Despite its flaws, I would call this game nearly perfect -- If I had to rate it on a scale, definitely in the 8.5/10 - 9/10 range. I recommend it at any price."
,Recommended,251730,12948579,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"I think LoG 2 is an outstanding game, and there is nothing else quite like it (and here I mean a dungeon crawling game made modern). There have been a few attempts, but none come near the quality that this game has.The game's world is huge and very varied. In every direction you turn there is new adventure, secrets, puzzles, things to explore. In that sense it actually reminds of Skyrim in its scope, although fundamentally different in style. Grimrock's world is really immersive. I especially loved the dark ambient soundtracks for each location (which are in same fashion as i.e. Stalker games), which set the mood. The visuals are fantastic and convincing, you really feel that you are deep underground in a deadly dungeon filled with secrets, traps, and places buried by time and dust.Gameplay is great. The story is mysterious and fun. Combat is varied enough, and the puzzles are all fantasticly made. All of them are logical and can be figured out by careful attention to detail and hints. Some are easy, some are difficult, and a few are very difficult, but very fun to solve. Best part: no bugs and no broken puzzles. This game has what I greatly miss in modern games: that feeling of excitement when you finally solve a level and unlock another one, and can't wait to see what's inside.For me this is the game of the year. I would suggest it to players who like mystery, adventure, immersive worlds, puzzle solving, and exploration, but I think it is so oustanding in all aspects that I simply think that everyone should try it."
,Recommended,251730,12787190,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,zombie,"It's at least three times larger than Grimrock, and it bloody rocks! Well worth a buy. I put in at least 20 hours+ play into this before completing it, and I've still not discovered all those pesky secrets! :)Well worth a buy, excellent Dungeon Crawler with some fiendish puzzles."
76561197970416163,Recommended,251730,13166362,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,WaySilentBob,"I'm pretty close to finishing this game and the only thing that's kept me from writing a review is the fact I didn't want to stop playing.  It's managed to take a game (Grimrock 1) that was a playable as the fantastic 1987 Dungeon Master, then produce a sequel that was more than twice the size and even better than the original.It's an absolutely beautiful game that draws you in and keeps giving you more and more secrets to find (typically unlocking elements of cool sets of armour or awesome weapons).  The puzzles can be pretty challenging and I've had to google solutions before (generally followed by an ""oh dammit!"" moment when I realise the solution was right in front of me (okay, there are a couple of purposefully obtuese ones too, but I'll forgive it those).I've even had a moment that reminded me of Serious Sam 1 when I entered a particular area with a lot of sand (it's a secret area, but you'll know it when you see it).  It was a real ""Holy Crap!"" moment and I actually laughed out loud.Grimrock 2 is a game that makes me what to play for hours, but for each hour that goes by, I'm thinking ""Now I'm an hour closer to finishing it :(""Awesome game!"
,Recommended,251730,12719216,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Snipe,"I didn't think Legend of Grimrock could get any better, but I was wrong. LoG2 is brilliant. It is beautiful, it is challenging, and sometimes it is downright frustrating. But in a good way. This game makes you think. A lot. So if you dont like puzzles and logical games, then this is not the game for you. It also has its share of combat as well. The different skills/spells/etc really make for diverse gameplay. And lets not forget about the minor ""jumpscares"". Ok, they really arent jump scares, but when you go to look in a chest to find out that its a mimic and it jumps up at you, or when you pick up an item and out of nowhere you get teleported to a dark dungeon surrounded by undead.... yea it keeps you on your toes.Good stuff indeed."
76561198035826989,Recommended,251730,23878168,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Korkrag,"My old review sucked, and only 1 person found it helpful.First off, Play Legend of Grimrock 1 first. I strongly recommend doing this, as it will help you get into the right mindset for this game.I also recommend some Might and Magic games, X is my favourite but many people will tell you it's not the best.Now, this game, the one I'm supposedly writing a review for...... Right, Well, Let's get started.Compared to the first game, this one has a lot more customization for your party, and a much much MUCH larger world. Many more puzzles and chests are potentially evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. (Mimics anyone?)If it was just more Grimrock, then I'd be happy, because more Grimrock is good, but this is more Grimrock and updated content to be better! My old review hated this game, I will point out that for the first few hours I was really bad at it and didn't give it much of a chance, that is why I think you should try the first one and similar games first.Sorry, I've rambled a bit, my ability to write reviews is questionable. But you should definitely try this game and if not this one, others that are similar.I might clean this review up some day, it's kinda messy. But eh, we will see."
,Recommended,251730,16700096,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,sh0rtb0x,"Took everything good about the first game in the series and expanded in every direction.  The open world concept and non-linear progression add to the replayability.  The character creation alone can give you a solid 3-4 playthroughs that are completely different depending on your class set up.  Love this game, and (not so) patiently awaiting the 3rd installment."
76561197998909517,Recommended,251730,20354924,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Badger,"Legend of Grimrock IIslides into a confident first place lead for best games I played in 2015. It is atmospheric, fun, and challenging - providing enough modern influence to keep me interested while also staying true to staples of the dungeon crawl genre of old.NarrativeThe story is simple enough: you control four prisoners who have shipwrecked on a mysterious island called Grimrock. Here, you must wield powerful weapons and utilize ancient tools in order to progress through the island.Throughout your journey you are haunted by strange, cryptic letters left by an even stranger magician who openly taunts you to challenge him in his massive castle once you become strong enough.GameplayAt first, since I was unfamiliar to the concepts of the genre, I found the combat strange, confusing and even awkward. But I quickly adapted and the gamplay became second nature soon enough. The heart of the game, however, is the puzzles. They are oftentimes relatively complex logical puzzles, a few of which border the lines of non-sequitor, but for the most part are very satisfying to complete. The dungeons are a blast to explore and there are enough modern tweaks to the system that elimate most uncessary hardships (fast-travel, saving without needing save points). If you want an added challenge, you can choose to disable all in game maps which forces you to draw your own on paper.SensoryIt was clear that my computer was not up to snuff to run this game to its full potential. However, I enjoyed even the minimalist graphical settings and felt completely absorbed into the dark, gritty world. In fact, I found it more and more difficult to play as I progressed in the game due to the feeling of paranoia and solipsism. The deeper dungeons left me exhausted from stress. From a technical point of view, the sound effects are fantastic: swords swing with a satisfying crunch when you score hits, and monsters are terrifyingly ferocious. The musical score is subdued and only provides a backdrop, which is perfectly appropriate for this game (the title menu music is amazing, by the way).ConlusionIf you are looking for a rpg with a focus on extraordinary gameplay, this would be a fantastic journey for you. The story is open-ended enough for the player to fill in the lines , which I think allows the focus to stay on the gameplay. You will be bewildered, frustrated and ultimately extremely satisfied should you brave the mysterious island of Grimrock..."
76561197979267013,Recommended,251730,32837917,Posted: 26 June,all,Social Handgrenade,"Unique and absolutely amazing game, the puzzles are hard as hell which makes the reward that much sweeter. A good nostalgic rpg dungeon crawler, the best in its genre. Best 20 € i've ever spent."
,Recommended,251730,15232967,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dougie Jones,"An amazing tile based dungeon crawler which, unlike the first game, has expansive outdoor sections. The visuals and art direction of this game mold an extremely impressive aesthetic appeal, taking advantage of current generation technology and bringing new life into the classic tile based RPG genre.The difficulty Legend of Grimrock presents is just right, not consisting of too much gauntlet difficulty while not being too easy. Legend of Grimrock 2 also features and impressive soundtrack and the audio is of high quality. The level design is non-linear and effective, making a fascinating world of many paths to explore.As a massive fan of games like Stonekeep and Wizardry, this game delivers an enjoyable experience for hardcore tile based-RPG players while being accessible to new players of the genre at the same time. Being a game of such nature it requires an in-depth party creation, stats, items, spells and good level design to keep interesting, of which Grimrock 2 delivers superbly.This is a gift to players who are nostalgic of the 90's era RPGs who want something of the same except current, and to new players who are willing to invest some time into a different kind of RPG experience.Legend of Grimrock 2 is a revival done right and gives me hope of the future of indie games, this is trully an extremely high quality product with a lot of love and care put into making it. AAA games these days are getting shallower and more boring by the release so really nice to see a rare gem like this pop up every once in a while."
76561198004729676,Recommended,251730,13100445,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Moonspell,"This game is equal parts frustrating and ridiculously fun.Make no mistake, this is a puzzle game first.  Yes, there is fighting and an RPG element to it, but the puzzles are how you get through the game.  Some of the puzzles are as easy as stepping on a pressure plate, others are as complex as hitting levers in a specific order even though the trap doors open and close below you as you are moving.So believe me when I tell you that you will have to step away occasionally out of sheer frustration.  The developers do indeed give you clues as to how to complete most of the puzzles, but they are vague and definitely subject to interpretation.  That said, when you figure out a particularly difficult puzzle, it will be one of the more rewarding experiences in your gaming life.Another aspect of this is the secrets in the game.  Some of them are just hidden buttons in walls that open up secret passages to treasure.  Others are teleport patterns that lead to artifacts.  If you are like me, you love discovery, so you will spend WAY more time than is necessary checking the walls for buttons and trying different patterns on pressure plates just in case.In short, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,251730,18839746,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"It takes everything that made the first game so good and improved upon it:Non-linear overworld,Better leveling system.New Classes / Races.And it just looks great."
76561198111387435,Recommended,251730,13859109,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Araminis,"Wow the first one was good but grimrock 2 is freaking amazing. Better level design, better graphics, great puzzles, good party/charcter building.The only thing is I wish they had more spells, other than that just an amazing game. I played through 2 times back to back. Cant wait for more, good job. If you liked the first one you will love the 2nd. If you where on the wall about the first you will most likely enjoy this one. If you didnt like the non-turn based fighting of the first one you most likely will feel the same about the second however it would be ashame to miss this one. Overall one of the best games I have played in a long time."
76561198031190155,Recommended,251730,33073272,Posted: 1 July,all,Zenuge,"I never realized how bloated most RPGs are till I played Grimrock 2There is, no economy, four party member slots, four stats and elements, and enough skill points by the end of the game to max three of the fifteen skills in the game, meaning everyone is gong to be real specialized. Yet the whole thing works seamlessly and flows like lavender flowers in a summer breeze. You can access your alchemy, inventory, everything just by hitting 1-4 on the keyboard to bring up that character; the action never stops. Iv'e been in the middle of fights, trying to keep it together long enough to just right click my motor and pedestal to make a health potion, or ducked out to allocated skill points because everyone leveled up.On the whole, Grimrock 2 streamlines the whole RPG system without every feeling dumbed down, something Bethesda has been trying to do for over a decade now. I didn't know I wouldn't miss jamming my inventory with junk to sell, or staring at two very similar weapons for a minute or two to figure out which one does more damage. You have a sword? Here is a long sword, it does more damage. Done deal, drop the other one cause you can't sell it.Oh, and the secrets. Grimrock 2 is packed with finding hidden levers and pressure plates leading to the best loot in the game, and for every really hard puzzle secret you figure out, you are rewarded proportionally. On the whole this is a major part of the game and I would spend and hour every time i saw a shiny thing I couldn't get too, going over the walls for that hidden button to get to it, which for some reason always felt exciting.Finally let's talk about what really makes Grimrocker 2 Electric Boogaloo such a damn fine game. The world building and sense of adventure. I can't say I have ever been sucked into a fantasy world quite as hard as this one, the scenery is creepy and wondrous, then breath taking, then moody. It's all so immersive and fascinating. I really felt like I was in this place, experiencing the wonders and terrors of it. Kinda like how you feel when looking at concept art for a game, only to play it and realize that feeling didn't retain in translation. In Grimfandango 2 it does, wholly.So picked it up, play it, master it. Once you know everything you can blow through it in eight hours or less, but spend that first play-through hunting and exploring, since you'll never get to experience it like that again once you've unraveled the secrets."
,Recommended,251730,14949041,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,wottolin,"I'll start this review with saying, that I loved the first LOG and once I completed it, I went straight to google and queried ""games like LOG"" and ""LOG 2 release date"", knowing full well, there wasn’t a chance it was being developed yet,  but just hoping it was, as the experience was fantastic.  Well I got my wish!  At current I have around 14hrs into the 2nd installment and have not been disappointed.If you are reading these reviews to get an idea of gameplay, I can say the grid based movement system can be odd or awkward at first, if you have never experienced it but you really feel like you’re playing an old school dungeon crawler or a tile based board game and sink right into it after a handful of minutes.  Don’t get this confused with turn based or real time pause type games like wasteland 2 or dragon age.  This is real time with you being limited in movement to linear paths only. You move as you would with any other game using w a s and d in a linear fashion on an invisible grid.  You can rotate within a grid square using q and r or rotate by dragging and pulling your mouse.  You are also able to look around with the mouse within your FOV up, down and side to side.  You are probably wondering why even utilize this and not just use free roam?  The grid based system has a direct influence on combat, as you can only engage an enemy that is in a tile(s) directly in front of you - ranged weapon, firearms or magic can be cast/fired beyond 1 square. You cannot move diagonally.  This makes combat difficult and tricky when multiple enemies are engaged with you.  Back yourself into a corner and hope you have enough health potions to duke it out before your entire party gets wiped out.This is a good spot to describe the party system.  It’s a four party group stacked 2 x 2.  The front two, typically are your tanks, damage dealer type heroes with the back being your spell casters and ranged weapon guys.  This is pretty standard but important to understand how that works within the grid system.  When facing directly in front of an enemy, the front two take the brunt of the damage while allowing your back row to cast and fire.  Let an enemy flank your party and the back row now becomes the focus of the full force of an attack.  This can be very troublesome as they typically don’t have the protection or armor the front row has.Attacking can be confusing for a new player as you don’t actually click on the enemy to attack, like you would in a standard first person hacker.  As long as the party is facing the block with an enemy in it, you simply click the item/weapon in your hand to perform the attack (in party box lower right hand corner).  To cast a spell you first need to find the scroll, have the required skills/traits to cast it and finally to use, right click the hand and select the correct glyphs to perform the spell.  You have to memorize these and perform them every time you cast a spell.  There is no hot key for spells.  Spells with multiple glyphs need to be drawn, by holding and dragging the mouse across the designated glyphs.  This stumped me for a while as I was simply clicking them which are fine for single glyph spells but useless for more complex spells.The world is full of secret chests and loot so keep an eye out for button like stones on walls.  In fact whenever I go through a new area I always look left and right at every wall surface to find hidden wall buttons.  Get used to doing this. Getting through the game will be considerably harder if you are not finding the secret items.  All secret chests need lock picks to open!  You find these in the world so search every last block.  This is not like path of exile or another action RPG where they dump items on you.  These lock picks are few and far between, in some cases you will have to make a decision which chest you want to open.  In these circumstances I simply save it and test each one out for its contents (CONTENTS ARE NOT RANDOM) when you decide which chest has the most useful loot go to it, loot it and save it.  Another great aspect of the secret chests is that some are buried around the world, so you may be given a treasure map and tasked with digging up areas looking for it.So now to my favorite part of this game - the puzzles!  This game has the best combination of RPG elements and adventure game puzzles.  If you like complicated puzzles that you would often find in classic point and click adventure games, you will love these.  They really make you stop and think, all while testing your sanity.  They can be downright frustrating for some and near impossible for others, who don’t have the constitution or mental makeup for them.  All, however, are very logical when the solution presents itself, from either trial and error, or simply when you fold and look it up online.  Solving some of these will make you feel like a genius! And your efforts will be rewarded with a shimmering melody and a rare item or clue.Without giving away any spoilers I would like to touch on the story and level layouts.  Each unique area you access consist of outdoor open environments, coupled with a labyrinth of dungeons beneath.  This differs significantly from the original where you were confined to the claustrophobic dark of the tunnels.  This offers a nice respite from the stress of dungeon crawling IMHO.  Its always a breath of fresh air, literally, when you make it out to the bright summer sun after spending hours, laboring in the rat infested deep.  You are able to back track to previous levels in case you want to open a locked chest or forgot to do something important.  I cant speak for the entire game, but at least to where i am, 14hrs in, i was able to go as far back to the opening beach. There is a running theme through the levels/areas, in regards to story quest items.  You are not simply leveling and grinding for the sake of leveling.  You collect story unique items which will most likely be used in some synergistic fashion at the climactic ending.  I am no where near this but seeing how the levels have progressed thus far, it would be a logical deduction.There are many game options at the start of a new game all of which allow you to scale the difficulty.  Easy Normal and hard are the difficulty levels.  In my opinion Normal can be difficult for new players or if your party is not balanced correctly so choose wisely.  You also have the option of disabling the map function which forces you to draw your own maps on grid paper which is lots of fun tbh.  It forces you to slow down and take note of things around you, as opposed to running through the dungeon in which case you can become quickly disoriented and lost.  You will never really become lost but they are useful when running from an enemy(s) so you can keep your orientation so not to back yourself into a corner which as explained earlier can be game ending.  Another option is to allow quick save anywhere in the game (f5).  This in my opinion is too easy to spam so I choose the option to save at save crystals which are sparingly spread across the levels.  One final option is to only be allowed 1 save per crystal.  This is extreme and to be used with caution.  You can do a lot before you come across another save crystal so dying before you reach it can be disastrous and for some a game ender all together.I can't recommend this game any higher.  Pick it up and you will have hours upon hours of fun.  I am sitting at work writing this review because I can’t wait to get home to play it!"
76561198082345505,Recommended,251730,12540135,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Cairn.L,"Huge map to explore, stronger mobs & bigger adventure!"
,Recommended,251730,12676206,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mordamir,"This first-person dungeon crawler manages to look beautiful while incorporating the best features of an ancient genre. An absolute must-play for old school gamers who are fond of complex puzzles and some high-quality RPG action. The inventory system is surprisingly user-friendly (without being simple), and the open-world grid is definitely an improvement on the level-based model of the previous installment. Last but not least, the game enjoys competent writing which makes for some very effective storytelling. All in all, one of the best games in recent years, as far as I'm concerned."
,Recommended,251730,12507663,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,[DGF] Eksosel,"A better experience, with more fluid movements, and more abilities, characters, more mechanics, more enemies, more game and more, so far, everything is awesome."
76561197971861210,Recommended,251730,12574882,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Nudelsuppe,"This game is a tile-based puzzle-RPG with lots of puzzles and quite some fighting. Graphics are very nice actually for todays standards, sound is ok. If you played the first LoG and liked it, you will love this one, it's improved in every way. If not, it may be worth your time if you like this kind of gameplay. You will be exploring multiple areas over and under the surface, while fending off monsters and trying to solve puzzles for treasures and story items. The puzzles are quite challenging at times, especially for optional rewards. I must admit, I had to consult the community a few times, but it is entirely possible to solve everything by yourself if you put your mind and some time to it. Some puzzle hints are quite cryptic, but with some thought and trial/error everything can be solved. The fighting is fun, you have multiple classes to choose from and nicely designed equipment that makes you want to have them all! There is a new race as well, so you could create an obese Rat farmer who gains experience by eating food and extra boni from cheese slices (lol), or an insectoid alchemist who fires giant cannonballs and grows mushrooms in her pockets (disgusting). Besides melee and ranged fighting, you have magic based on a rune system. But if you dont like that extra micromanagment, just make a party of 4 Berserkers and smash everything to a pulp. You can even change the character portraits with your own custom pictures, so visually you can have your dream party of Pokémon or whatever you fancy.I got almost 40 h of gameplay out of this 20€ purchase, so it was well worth the money. I am actually more content with LoG2 than I was with Shadow of Mordor. It is a lot of fun and I recommend it to every RPG/Puzzle fan. For me personally, this is game of the year so far."
76561198046848114,Recommended,251730,13272503,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mono,"So far this game is outstanding. Not only in gameplay terms but technical as well. The environments is stunning, especially for the file size. Great material work, great lighting, the combat is clean and I personally have had no issues with it so far. The variety of enemies keeps the game fresh, and the sense of freedom is satisfying.Theres a story told with no voice acting which is no easy feat and the world feels alive. The sound design is stunning, the ambient sounds really set the tone and phsically make you feel on edge.It's not only fun it's challenging. The puzzles are actually hard to figure out and some of the enemies will break your party in a way you've never seen before.As a Junior at University studying Game Design this game is a breath of fresh air, completely different to anything I've played in the last few years and that's a hard club to get into.Seriously if you are thinking of getting this, just do it. It's cheap for what you're getting and it's fun. I bought this on a whim and I do not regret it. Which isn't something I can say about a lot of games in my steam library."
76561197992966531,Recommended,251730,12521125,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,BobbyBick,"Game is stay awake all night and ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 8am"" good."
76561198126970969,Recommended,251730,26264661,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Shortylax,I really love this game. It is oldschool rpg in modern graphics. It is quite non-linear and there are lots of mods out there. I recommended this game to anyone who loves good dungeon crawler game.
76561198012825255,Recommended,251730,31503394,Posted: 2 May,all,Judge Cudge,"This game is a straightforward fantastic example of its genre. Anyone who has encountered rpg's of this kind will find that it is exemplary, and those who have not encountered them will find themselves a rare gem and newfound appreciation for what this playstyle has to offer.As for specific clarification for newcomers, the game is grid-based, and people's ablity to act is on a cooldown, making it essentially turn based in a certain sense. So think a strategy and jrpg mix, with the best of both genres mixed together. IE you can dodge and manuever in 3d space but actions are predicated in an orderly predictable fashion. And all your men occupy one space so you don't spend a half hour manuevering people around like in Shining Force.Outside of the combat the exploration is puzzle based, and no puzzle is so obtuse you can't figure it out on your own. The game is tempered to the extent that any non-fooligan can complete everything by themselves, but still contains enough secrets locked away for the more conscientious player. At the same time nothing is strange or nonsensicle; no puzzle will have you looking at a guide and asking how anyone would decide to do something so strange. And the game shines because of this fact.Outside of this, the games' outdoor setting is a straight upgrade to its predecessor in the sense that,""it isn't dark and unhappy all the time"", and it uses it's new environment to add puzzles, complications, and scenery that wouldn't be afforded to a strict cobblestone backdrop.All in all I find it difficult to find any fault with this game, and the mod support means there is even some community campaigns worth trying. It's worth a buy for anyone even vaguely interested in this type of game, or even rpgs in the broader sense."
,Recommended,251730,13316166,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RADKILLA[420],"First impression after 3 hours played: A delightfully refreshing island exploration game.solving puzzles,battling monsters and minions on a beautifully scenic mysterious island.with your 3(odd)companions.searching for lost secrets of times long forgotten.and digging for buried treasure,while trying to keep your characters stats increasing with the pace of the story.good to see this game style is back!9.9/10 for whats it is.(i would have given this game a 10/10,but the controls took me an hour or 2 to get the hang of.once you got that down.its all good!!)."
76561198034170588,Recommended,251730,12502825,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sami1oo1,"Even only after 5 hours to the game I can say that this is fantastic!Terrain looks amazing, puzzles are challenging but logical, combat is pretty much the same as in the first one (wasn't much to improve there), but now there are more weapon choices and overall more class customization.Not to forget sounds! Sounds are wonderful! Did I already say that terrain looks amazing?I highly recommend to buy this game, if you liked the first one, and even if you haven't played the first one, no worries! For stories are not related.Recommended!"
,Recommended,251730,26038424,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LoGrande,"Here's a game that is going to take you back to a time in gaming where we used grid paper to map dungeons and solve puzzles.It's also a time where puzzle games for some reason had combat and also crazy difficult boss fights.I really enjoyed the Legend of Grimrock 2, but I feel although it is faithful to the old guard of Dungeon Master and Eye of Beholder... it falls prey to some of the same mistakes those games fell to.Take for example your party. I believe the game is 'beatable' with fewer than four party members, but I see little reason to do so other than a personal challenge. Your characters can learn all sorts of traits and abilities, but the game becomes so difficult right at the end; you better have built that party extremely well.Some of the disciplines seem totatlly unbalanced. I can't see anyone playing a game where they do not have someone with 5 in Alchemy because potions and bombs can be really important. Light weapons and firearms do not seem very good... everyone should basically have max heavy weapons, and 2 in accuracy in order to hit from the back row if necessary.That being said... that ability to customise is there... and I very much appreicated it. The game also comes with a powerful toolbox for building your own ""Grimrock"". This is excellent, and I am sure people can get many hours out of solving eachothers puzzles and dungeons.To progress in the game, you have to find these shiny gems... unfortunately although it would have been brilliant to have more gems on the island than you need to beat the game... you in fact have to get ""every"" gem on the island... this can be very very frusterating if you missed a couple.Overall, I really enjoyed Legend of Grimrock 2 and would recommend playing it if you can get it on sale or really like a mix between DND, Myst, and Dungeon Master; but it comes with the warning that it does still have all the flaws of those inspirations."
,Recommended,251730,13616613,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sephie,"Legends of Grimrock 2. Is deffinitly a great upgrade to an already geat game. The first was good, the second is better. more non linear paths make things a little more confusing to geet around. The graphics and new textures are amazing and the world borders seam nothing like invisable walls or poor barriers, and makes you feel more trapped on the isle of Nex All in all everything in consideration Grimrock 2 is by far the best tile based RPG I have ever played."
,Recommended,251730,12814534,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,TiLT,"Fantastic game that harkens back to the good old days of Eye of the Beholder and Lands of Lore. Legend of Grimrock 2 is less focused on story than either of those games, instead going for a high amount of puzzling and exploration. Some may criticize Grimrock for needlessly using grid-based movement, but those people misunderstand the genre. Grid-based movement is the entire foundation of this kind of game, and it would have been an entirely different genre without it.Here's hoping that we see more games like this in the future, perhaps with more story. I would recommend this game without hesitation."
,Recommended,251730,16927989,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sneaksie(RUS),"If you like dungeon crawl type games, this is must play (the first game too).Great experience, interesting puzzles and exploration, challenging monsters. The only thing I didn't like is the HARD end battle (there is also optional another hard battle, but I'm talking about the one you can't miss). It is much harder than rest of the game, so be prepared.I'd recommend the game of course. Looking forward to LoG 3!"
,Recommended,251730,21874892,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Spankface,"I rarely, RARELY, ever say the following:The sequel was even better than the original.I can't put my finger on just one thing that makes it so much better, but I really enjoyed the entire experience.  If you like dungeon crawlers on a grid, like (and I'm going back to the 80's here) Bard's Tale, Wizardry, Dragon Wars (Amiga 500), Heroes of Might & Magic Series, etc, you should try this game.The one adjustment to get used to is combat is in real-time, so it is not turn-based like many games in this genre.  You'll need to get good at moving your party to a dead-end to prevent being attacked on multiple sides or become quick with the WASD keys to keep moving so you don't get hit much.Going back to why I think this game is better than the original Legend of Grimrock: I like that this game had environments that took place on the surface.  You explore forests, deserts, even underwater at times.  This was a fun change from the first game where you are underground traveling floor to floor deeper into your prison/dungeon.  It also means you will frequently revisit areas and as time goes by some of the monsters will respawn giving you an opportunity to pickup some extra xp and food.  This helps make food an easier resource to obtain unlike the first game where I was stressing about running out more frequently.Inventory management was easier for a loot hoarder like me because there is an area called the Hub which you can revisit.  There are no creatures there, just a small chamber where you can drop off the extra things you may wish to save for later.I hope there is eventually a Legend of Grimrock 3 as I really enjoy the series and look forward to whatever else the developer may come up with to keep the series fresh and entertaining."
76561198064581102,Recommended,251730,24095283,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ElefantSwarm,"Loved the original Legend of Grimrock, and this game is even better. Lots of dungeons, puzzles, secrets and traps to explore, complex character system with many interesting combinations, and entertaining plot."
,Recommended,251730,23575175,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Masa,"Better than the original Grimrock in pretty much every way. As long as you enjoy this kind of old-school RPG, you can't really go wrong with Grimrock 2. On the other hand, between the challenging puzzles and the overall diffuculty this game is certainly not for everyone. I played through the game on normal.The good:- Nice varied locations- While still not perfect, the RPG mechanics are a big improvement over Grimrock 1- Lots of puzzles and secretsThe bad:- Some of the enemies force you to rethink your tactics, but overall the combat is still fairly clunky and heavily based on kiting. This was certainly the weakest part of the game for me- Loot distribution felt off, there were huge caps in the game where there were no upgrades for certain weapon typesThe ugly:- Many of the puzzles are very obtuse, this is the one area where the game is probably even worse than the original"
,Recommended,251730,12919448,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Eater of Dreams,"A huge, epic adventure that fans of first-person dungeon crawlers will devour. Designed with nostalgia in mind, but also sleek and shiny with modern graphics and great sound design. Better than the first game in every way, and worth it if you're even remotely interested in this kind of game. Play the first game before this one to help you ease into the mechanics and appreciate the improvements.The challenge level is steep but fair, and difficult enemies can be taken down through tactics and manuvering rather than brute force. There are tons of secrets to find and an overall sense of mystery and wonder in every dungeon and area. Atmosphere is thick and the sound really makes the world feel alive, and threats ahead can be anticipated with keen ears. Overall the presentation makes for a immersive experience coupled with solid gameplay and combat.The puzzles are mostly logical and can be figured out with a little thought and experimentation, though a few are so unclear that guesswork is almost neccessary. I'll fully admit I had to consult a guide for a few spots, and while some solutions made me feel stupid, a few just made me go ""really?"". It's much more satisfying to work through the puzzles yourself, but some of the nastier ones can get frustrating enough to encourage cheating.A few minor balance issues made me rethink my initial party and start over after a while, but I'm terrible for that in any game like this. Almost any party combination can work, but some weapons are simply found more often and in better quality than others. Consulting a guide or a friend before setting out with your party can help a lot, especially since a few of the classes don't necessarily work the way you might expect them to.Being out in a bright, open world makes the grid-based movement seem a bit strange, where it mostly made sense in the confined halls of the first game. It's not just there for nostalgia though - the movement system and the logic that governs it is central to the combat and puzzle-solving systems and removing it would have required a complete overhaul in design. The game wouldn't work otherwise.The more open-ended design makes for a lot more exploration, but it can be overwhelming. Puzzles that need keys or information from elsewhere to solve don't always indicate that clearly, and if you leave the game for too long and come back to it, you'll likely be hopelessly lost. The progression path isn't clear, but that could be said to just be part of the game's philosophy. Here's an island full of monsters and traps and secrets, good luck.Nostalgic, polished, immersive, and challenging enough to deter some players, this is almost everything you could possibly want in a dungeon crawl and one of the only modern examples of the genre. Worth the purchase, and then some."
76561198001026200,Recommended,251730,12519996,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Nodor,"The music for this game is excellent.The graphics are beautiful.The monters are scary.This is not a good game to play when you are tired and lack focus.  Your going to need your wits to see the patterns, find the secrets, and defeat your foes.This is one of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,251730,12856869,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ɴ ᴜ ɴ ɴ є ʀ,"If you haven't played the first game, stop looking at this page and go play that first. It's a great dungeon crawler and will help you enjoy this game so much more. Grimrock 2 is a major improvement over the already enjoyable first game. Compared to the first game, you will now see:An open world island with different dungeons, rather than one single linear dungeon. You will revisit most areas nowA serious overhaul on the atmosphere to make it feel like there isn't even a grid systemTextures that look like they're 4k resolutionHarder puzzles and riddles, making it very possible that you will not find all of the secrets on your first runChests instead of randomly placed stashesMuch more monsters, including new mini-bossesMuch more items (Firearms as a new weapon type)Magic works like swype keyboards now, making it faster to castWeapons now can be charged to use their special abilities, rather than having you randomly do the effect.A new race that can fit almost any role5 new classes, one of which is completely unique and makes the game somewhat harderNew difficulty settings, like only saving at crystals and one-use crystalsVery smooth optimization and the game only requires 1 gigabyteMore hours of gameplay. My first run took about 38 hours on hard with ironman turned onMore workshop possibilities with the updated development kitI seriously can't think of any downgrades from Grimrock 1 to 2, other than the removal of set effects on some of the early armors like leather. I would have also liked the ability to change voices for characters to fit your own custom portraits and the ability to create your own classes and races, but the large amount of races and classes is fair. This game is beyond worth $24."
76561197991212370,Recommended,251730,24220572,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,[TGB] Kowie Mc Zowie,"Awesome game easily got my moneys worth.I'd give it a 7/10 I'd like to give it a higher score but one thing i really didn't like about this game is some of the puzzles were far far too obscure. Ideally if you can't figure out something you want to be able to look up the answer and go ""ah /facepalm i should have stuck at it and figured it out"" in many cases many after giving up and looking up the solution i found myself thinking ""thank god i didn't try solve that"" from a game play point of view when that happens too much that has a real negative effect that makes you start to think far to early on ""maybe this is one of these puzzles i should just not even bother try hard solving"".Totally looking forward to a sequel, i hope they refine some of its shortcomings."
76561198006303954,Recommended,251730,12539489,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Nagumo,"Hi there,this review is special designed for people who like LG 1 and aren't quite sure to buy it.I played LG1 with much pleasure and was so hyped when they announced LG2. I thought even if LG2 would be the same like LG1, it would be (imo) a great game.But what they have done is such an amazing polished game. Here my favorites improvements:1. New Skillsystem which is imo much better than LG1, because you have more freedom and could try some different ways of leveling.2. The new class: Alchemie. I love this one. To have with him much more herbs aka potions is such a great thing.3. New monsters, and more than one bossfight (first in the first 2 hours of the game, second will be the final boss...maybe there are even more ^^)3. No more empty flasks (maybe some others don't like this decision but i like it)4. Spells, you don't have to take all the scrolls with you or use other sides in the internet. Learn the spell and Tada on the Traits Rooster you can always read them.5. Overall the new way to cast spells --> really great game design. They beware the feeling of LG1 but this way it is much more like it used to be :)6. New Tooltips on weapons, special the description which attribute will improve the damage7. Outdoor, Indoor, Day and Night Cycle --> Overall much more variety in dungeon design (ladders!!)8. And i don't know why but i have the feeling that the fights (so far 7h in the game) are much more different between two monster arts. I use much more movement or all ways of making damage as in LG1.9. New Map + and the new signs to make notes --> Great idea. Obverall the map is so much better.10. Digging. This way there are a new way to find secrets.I'm not done yet but if you like LG1 --> B U Y - T H I S - G A M EYou played dungeon master? --> B U Y - T H I S - G A M EYou like dungeon crawler --> B U Y - T H I S - G A M EYou like difficult games --> B U Y - T H I S - G A M E and turn on a few options to make it real hard :)You don't like difficult games --> B U Y - T H I S - G A M E and turn off a few options or play in normal/easy"
76561198162944483,Recommended,251730,32604201,Posted: 20 June,all,RangerDust,"Beautiful graphic, mysterious story and well-done RPG system making you solving the mystery of fantasy world in this game.Interesting gameplay by ""4 sides moving"" making this game unic in RPG's genre and logic tasks enforce your brain to work hard!You think there is no more hard puzzles for you?So go and show your intelligense!"
76561198304071402,Recommended,251730,23642409,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Furies75,"OK...i Just finished Grimrock 2 -- around 30 hours to complete. Yes it was frustrating, but i think all in all, it was a great game well worth the cash i paid for it. A little heavy on the puzzle side -- some made me wanna punch my LCD. Monsters don't really regenerate so you can play a whole game without the stats to finish it. Combat system pretty old-scool...but functional. The boss battles do require tactics. I almost quit a few times thinking the game was broken or fights just too unfair, but changed tactics, saved a few times mid battle and got through it.It's strange to think how thourough I was going through the game looking for secrets that I only found about 50% of the secrets. I just don't see where the clues were that led to the other 50% of the secrets...Maybe the designer did that for replayability? My friend tells me there are some good MOD dungeons out there for this game. To be honest, I think I'm done and ready to move on to the next game."
76561198019419884,Recommended,251730,26774555,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pengw1n,"I really dug the first outing, and this is even better - pretty much a perfect sequel, in that it adds just enough and does everything that extra bit better. I fail to see how they could improve the formula if a Grimrock 3 is ever planned - but a boy can dream (Please?)!"
,Recommended,251730,15124134,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,strudo76,"I completely enjoyed this game from start to finish (and to finish). The style of gameplay might be a niche, but it brought back memories of playing games from many years ago.Many of the puzzles I found I could work out and made sense, though there were a couple of doozies that made me seek solutions through Google. For the most part, I think the puzzles were well thought out and functioned well within the game space.I'll certainly be looking forward to my next playthrough, although I hope I'll be playing LoG3 before too long."
76561198042526657,Recommended,251730,12591198,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,the_immortal,"It has been a while since i played any game with such enjoyment. Bright example that you don't need $500 million budget to make a great game. It's something like first person view RPG metroidvania. Great level design, it's really interesting and addictive to explore the island. The puzzles are really challenging. For the price - must have game.There are some downsides, like hidden button wall scanning, backtracking to crystals, bogus riddles (rock, paper, scissors, who knew...). But it's nothing compared to game's bright sides."
76561198079300743,Recommended,251730,25056085,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,cboatillo,"Thank you, thank you, thank you!Playing this game (and the first iteration) has been a wonderful glimpse back into my childhood. I was an avid Dungeon Master, EoTB, Black Crypt, etc player on my trusty Amiga500 and no game since now has ever brought back the pure immersement I enjoyed with those. Legend of Grimrock 1 & 2 are an absolute joy! How can I be sure of this? I would say the utter heartbreaking feeling I felt upon completing every inch of the game and realizing I would have to wait for the possibility of more sequels in the future...Please, Grimrock 3?"
,Recommended,251730,13713065,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[TFD] al Qamar,"So now I've played through Legend of Grimrock 2! After I already like the first part (my review here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/alQamar/recommended/207170/)The second one superseeded my expectations and I really hope that the devs will make a third one, even more shiny and polished as this one.I have to say that this game was a lot of fun and the puzzles are really really challenging, some were even too absurd to be figured out without the understanding of hints or things you even may have forgotten over time in the game.Youtube was especially ""RPGDivision"" was a great help here. He helped me many times when I already gave up solving the puzzle my own. Given I spent nearly 70 hours on normal difficulty you can imagine what kind of a work it was, to solve them.This game has still drawbacks and I have to start with them first:-> Earth magic is near to useless, spells are weak and it takes much skillpoints to get them, on top of that many monsters are resistent to poision or at least not as often vulnerable as to fire or other magic schools.-> the music is much better as in the first part, and often I even had goosebumps and felt fear. But even though every level has an own ""soundtrack"" it becomes repetitive. It would be a great addition if the music would be tense or dynamic regarding the situation.-> The final fight against the Island master is horrific. I've slain the dragon quite easy but then all the new diversity brought into the game how you can skill characters is rendered useless if you want to defeat the Island Master. It is all about HP, DMG and best elemental resistance at the end. It is a must to have strong built party, with certain equipment and spells etc to stand this last fight.It find it very very sad that this final boss is actually so hard to be defeated, if you have not chosen an ""ideal"" party. During the game you can compensate any lacks but speed or exploiting monsters, but this boss will tear you apart if you are not properly equipped and skilled, so the diversity is simply not useful at the end.-> All Ingridients, except blooddrop cap (healing) and crystal flower (skillpoints) are very plenty so on normal difficulty I was too savy using them.On the positive account I see:-> a great well thought story-> very very challenging puzzles-> very good diversity in graphics, character building (with limitations) and monsters-> much better music-> great levels and landscape and lovely details-> an intro and end scenes makes more rich, what you missed in Grimrock 1.-> it is good that there are enough keys to unlock quite all gold caches and chests, but you need to be careful to find them all-> because of the higher environmental and graphical diversity ""secrets"" are much more hard to find as in Grimrock 1-> Workshop (Modding) supportI hope for Grimrock 3 very much and Grimrock 2, because of the few but major lacks deserves a 8/10 and a ""definitely worth a buy"" tag!Please like the review if you enjoyed the game as did and when you think this review is essential. Thank you very much!"
76561198032317640,Recommended,251730,13580406,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,grislexian,"This is too much of a good thing.The Grimrock games are grid-based first-person RPGs, with roots in classic table-top D&D.  Build 4 characters from a number of stats & specialties, start with no gear & explore an entire island of traps, monsters, dungeons & puzzles.The game, though fun, quite often feels overwhelming.  The open-ended exploration (until you're stopped or stumped by a puzzle or locked door) often leaves me at a loss as to where I'm supposed togo.The much more linear structure of the 1st Grimrock (moving progressively downward in one dungeon) was a lot more manegeable.The game is a lot of fun, but its greatest challenge isn't the combat, it's the tedium of re-treading the same steps over & over again."
,Recommended,251730,13462351,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GRRRR,"Grimrock 1 but bettererer. Instead of going down the same drab stanky hole theres an (more or less) lush overworld connecting multiple (differently themed) dungeons (stanky holes still to be had), so theres actual freeroaming exploration.Core gameplay remains the same, Might and Magic style grid based movement blob party. Pick up loots and solve puzzles. Combat still isnt that engaging unfortunately, guys at the front trade blows (if youre not dodging around), back row casts spells with an Arx Fatalis ""draw your spell"" magic system or shoots bows and guns - in some variation.Myst with Combat, the refined formula. Solid good fun, recommended."
,Recommended,251730,13060057,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Saturn500,"...Look, just buy it, okay?"
,Recommended,251730,12518459,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,cbolton,"Early impressions - great sequel to Grimrock.  Nice graphics, better UI than the original and a few added extras as well.  If you liked the original there's no reason why you won't like this!"
,Recommended,251730,25479129,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Coinbra[HUN],"The same but decent graphics, nice game mechanics, challenging puzzles. Proud successor of LoG :)"
,Recommended,251730,25452472,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,gpolig,awesome and huge - much bigger than the first -also great editor and tons of mods.old school rpg fans will surely enjoy it- I really cant think of any better classic single player rpgs in the last decade than both grimrocks
76561198104841789,Recommended,251730,20390846,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,parkerrish,"This game is so unique!It is a dungeon crawler, but the entire game is a puzzle.  There are many instances where a puzzle may stump you and maybe an hour later or so it will click and you will beat it.  I have never felt more satisfied in playing a game other than the Pokemon series (lol) when a challenging puzzle is completed.  The puzzles are HARD.  Even with a guide sometimes it can be difficult to solve.  I almost recommend having a build that you would like to try by researching about it first and a walkthrough on hand just in case.  Other than that, this game will have you captivated from beginning to end.9/10   After you complete the game it is very fun to walk around and find all of the secrets for achievements, although I have not done this for more than 2 hours so far.  I look forward to playing a new playthrough with a different party here very soon.    For party composition guides to begin playing this game make sure to google search ""party compositions steam guide grimrock 2.""  I hope this review helps somebody :)"
76561198007471259,Recommended,251730,29304530,Posted: 16 January,all,Adrian,"A great successor to an already classic RPG legend, bigger and better in almost every regard, 9/10!Less linear this time, but with all you love: hard monster battles, tough riddles and puzzles (now with treasure chests to dig out using clues you find), many out-door areas, and many secrets and secret buttons to find. The music in the game menu makes you feel like a hero, and once you solve most of the clever puzzles, you will feel satisfied!What I did not like was a particular riddle, which seemed like an optional puzzle, but turned out to contain an item which would open a dungeon as big as 1/5th of the whole game! This is an aboslute no-go! Also, I still think, like for part1, that a few more exp-levels (e.g. 20 instead of the ca. 14) would make it better and more rewarding... like its now, you need to limit yourself greatly in what you can skill and what not. And for some puzzles, a few more hints would have been nice.In summary, the new primus of classical RPGs, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,251730,23945456,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cygnus11,This game brought me back to my early years playing games like Wizardry VII and Might and Magic World of Xeen.  But this is an evolution of those games.  It uses a real-time combat system that takes a bit of getting used to.  It actually is pretty fun and does require a certain skill to master.The atmosphere is great in this game.  And I really liked how this improved on the first game by providing a much bigger world to explore.  It also was somewhat non-linear.  It gave you a bit of freedom to explore the zones in any order.  I actually missed an entire zone but still finished the game.I highly recommend this game if you like the classic crpgs.  But be prepared for the real-time combat system.  It can be a bit challenging - especially fighting the various bosses.
,Recommended,251730,16178112,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Combat Wombat,"Absolutely a worthy follow-up to the amazing reboot of the old style dungeon crawler that was Grimrock I. A few new elements, some new functions with alchemy and optional use of guns. They've made it work both in dungeons and outside which is really cool. The square-walking fighting system has been enhanced a bit so that it isn't just enough to sidestep and hit over and over anymore. Some monsters will jump behind you, some will hit to the side if you sidestep them to their sword-arm side. Little things like that. Still, the main objective remains the same: don't ever get surrounded.Only negative point at all is that a few of the puzzles sometimes seem a bit too far out, so to speak. And they can be a bit annoying more than clever but it's very rare. Usually, you can work the solution out from clues and all together the balance between too difficult and difficult enough is accurately struck.The game ending seems to lead to the next game in the series and so it can feel a bit unfinished, perhaps. The final boss fight comes a bit out of nowhere, it feels, but it's actually a good boss fight. It's tough, sure, but it's not just about learning all the mechanics from replaying it 100 times, it's actually just about fighting well. So all in all, a very nice game. Into RPG? Buy it, simple as that."
76561198020848855,Recommended,251730,31693799,Posted: 11 May,all,ELecTr0nix,"Despite a few technical errors I came across over my time playing, it is truly a worthy sequel to the original and worth your time if you're a fan of retro RPGs. It improves upon the old-school dungeon crawler forumla that the first game brought into the modern era by adding a new player race, more classes, more environments, and more gameplay features.  Some of the flaws of the first game--such as being forced to devote a vast majority of your skill points in order to achieve mastery of a certain discipline without being able to explore other disciplines--have been vastly improved upon as well. Many items you might be familiar with if you played the first also appear within the game. Long story short, you should get this game if you liked games such asDungeon Masteror even if you just liked the first game."
76561198035534056,Recommended,251730,32634493,Posted: 21 June,all,cagedmercury,"Super fun, super addictive.  Gameplay reminds me of classic games like Eye of the Beholder, but with every feature I could've dreamed of when I was 7.  Complex, challenging puzzles (although they can be a bit counterintuitive and/or arbitrary at times).In my opinion, the defining feature for levelling games are player abilities.  The skill trees in this game are engaging, and the magic use is worthwhile (despite being a little clunky).  All players will have useful abilities, the races are unique and refreshing.  Gear sets are fun and complement playstyle, which is highly fluid.This game is long and keeps on giving.  Mods are available to procedurally generate new worlds and levels, granting endless replayability.  Worth the dough and a real gem."
,Recommended,251730,18620433,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Psilocyn,"Legend of Grimrock was a great game. They took an old genre and recreated it just about flawlessly. With Grimrock II they went and pushed that genre to a whole new place. If you're not into the dungeon crawling, cryptic puzzle solving kind of thing then this game won't change your mind. It is hard, it requires you to think and to pay attention. However if you are into that kind of thing then this is the absolute best it gets.Game play is fantastic. The visuals are diverse and interesting. Great sound design.If you're reading this because you are on the fence then here is the answer: if you like GR1 then buy this game. If you think you might be interested in the genre then buy this game. If you're a fan of RPGs buy this game. If you want a challenge buy this game.This is on par with all of my favorite RPGs of all time."
,Recommended,251730,19683847,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Zaayl,"Im writing this because this series doesnt get anywhere near enough recognition. I bought bouth games on a whim during a sale, because I like old school PC stuff, love RPG's, and remember seeing Notch (yes creator of Minecraft Notch) rave about these on twitter, and saw a video done by LGR.Now I can be slow with old school RPG's, I tend to lose interest after a couple days and it takes several spaced out sessions for me to get around to completing them, while I player other games in between. Not these, I was hooked, I had to find the secrets, I had to get farther, I had to finish these games.The title music for both games were some of my favorite tracks, ever. I went into Legend of Grimrock 2 wondering if they could even compete with the first games title track, and they matched, if not surpassed it.The controls are tight, the biggest problem with classic PC games is getting used to the incredibly dated controls from a  era where jump being ""J"" made sense, and if you were to watch a video Grimrock looks like its a clunky mess like those classics, but its not the case, the controls are perfectly conducive to the intended gameplay.If you enjoy RPG's at all, then do not hesitate and buy both of these games, they are worth any price and you will not be disapointed. This series deserves to be regarded as some of the best games of all time, with other greats, but instead it seems they fly just beneath the radar for far too many."
76561197972720910,Recommended,251730,20198039,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MaYzE,"Really impressive game.  Great throwback to the old school RPG games like the Might and Magic/Pools of Radiance type games.  I took the easy route on this and used a guide when I got stumped as well as to see both endings.  Even with the assistance of a guide AND being on easy, this game was still challenging.  Hats off to the gamers who have solved these puzzles without assistance and put the effort into playing on old school/hard.  Worth the pickup if you long to find a game worthy of the old school RPG genre."
,Recommended,251730,21226883,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"Confession: When I play a computer rpg I expect to have to take notes and solve puzzles. Any game lacking this feels like it is holding my hand. Grimrock 2 is a boon to older gamers wanting some nostalgia and a challenge. The budget went up from the first game and now the player can enjoy outdoor environments, expanded level editor, a lovely cinematic intro, and more.This is a massive improvement on the already great first game."
76561198055439193,Recommended,251730,13790607,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Hectorlph,"Very fun and involving. I would say this is a great improvement and addition to the first game. The combat improvements are especially nice (The spells are much easier to cast). Something I really enjoy about these games (Grim I and II) is the unconventional puzzle solving mechanics, which really test your problem solving skills. Curiousity and dedication are highly rewarded, which makes you feel awesome when you solve a really hard puzzle all on your own! Good game that keeps you interested. I will say that the free roaming aspect makes the game a little tough because you have to choose based on no prior knowledge to the map in the main quest. It does make it more interesting than a linear game, but it also makes it tough to make decisions. Very good game, I would rate it 8/10 (which is very high for me!)."
76561198025031258,Recommended,251730,15422406,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Asrafil,Legend of Grimrock puts nostalgia arguments to rest thanks to a new coat of paint over a fantastic old formula. The mechanics of old still have a lot to give 20 years later.  Dungeon crawling at it's best.
76561198002555011,Recommended,251730,13009200,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,MattyVanHalen,"The Legend of Grimrock 2 is the sequel to an award-winning hit series, and it just keeps getting better and better.  This series is the new king of dungeon crawlers with hours and hours of content to traverse through.Similar to its predecessor, the story of LoG 2 is a bit on the lacking side, but is every bit made up for by the gameplay, character design, and intensive replay value.  By controlling a party of up to four, choosing from multiple races and classes, you can pick and choose the level of balance (or imbalance) you can have with your team members.  Between having a Human Battlemage, or a Ratling Alchemist, a Minotar Barbarian, or possibly an Insectoid Farmer (yes, farmer) if you like the trolling side, you can set up your party how you wish.A single playthrough of this game will easily take beyond 25 hours of gameplay, and that is if you are cruising through not looking for secrets and treasures.  There are puzzles galore, and many are extremely DIFFICULT puzzles that will challenge the most intellectual minds.  Most of these puzzles you will have never seen in any other video game, and some especially new in style to the LoG series.Beyond the extensive puzzle-solving, quick reflexes and a little bit of finger dexterity is needed in this game to survive, especially if you enjoy playing on all of the hardest difficulty settings the game offers you at the start like I have.  LoG 2 offers three difficulty levels (Easy, Normal, Hard), Ironman mode, which allows saving only at health crystals, and Single-use Health Crystals mode, where you are only able to use the crystals once.  On top of all that, they brought back Old-School Mode back, which takes away your trusty map, leaving you in the dust with nothing but your compass (if you find one) and pencils and graph paper.The layout of the game is fantastic, as it starts you on the shore of a beach, and the environment takes you into swamps, dens, lairs, catacombs, pyramids, jungles, etc...there is a wide array of refreshing map tiles that will keep you entertained, if not perhaps somewhat confused and lost.  Keep your eyes open, though, and look for levers, hidden buttons and switches, and traps everywhere.This game can be very taxing on the mind and body, but does wonders for the soul.  If you like dungeon crawlers, this is the BEST in the genre, and is worth the money.I rate this game a 9.6 out of 10."
,Recommended,251730,22887579,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Taiku,"Everything the first game was, but better in every way."
76561198017531416,Recommended,251730,12738303,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lithos1,"Finally, a videogame sequel that actually improves upon an already good game rather than just charging gamers for a glitch filled half-thought-out copycat of the last installment!! The puzzles are interesting but not unsolvable, the creature are fun to fight. And the game is challenging enough to keep it entertaining and includes several new added outdoor environments and day/night lighting effects that look great for an Indie Developer. The Grimrock series does it right and revived the old-school dungeon crawl series with more modern finesse and graphics. Don’t expect to have to put hundreds of hours into this one, but in my opinion Legend of Grimrock II is one of the few sequel games on the market right now that delivers what’s promised. Well worth the money compared to most others! Can't wait for number 3!!!"
,Recommended,251730,12576338,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,hero,"So far, so amazing.The same systems you loved in the first game, with expanded RPG elements and open environments that make it feel more like a traditional RPG game instead of a niche puzzler. But don't worry, all the puzzles and secret switches are still there to keep you staring at walls for hours.Some details:Updated graphics and environments. This game is super pretty. Come out of the dungeon and adventure outdoors in deep forests, shoreline caves, and other beautifully detailed areas.Weapon and weapon skills redesigned. Weapon skills are now Light, Heavy, Missile, Thrown, and Firearms, so melee characters are less restricted by skill choice. Weapons now have special attacks built into them, which must be activated and use energy.More flexible character creation, with eight classes and five races. Skills are no longer tied to class, so any class can learn any skills. Racial bonuses redesigned to be less obviously fit for particular classes.  Classes and races grant bonuses that can be built upon with skill and trait choices.Smarter enemies for tougher, more engaging combat. No more easily dancing around enemies, as most enemies have the ability to attack to their side while turning to face you. In general enemies are quicker to attack and more often have special moves."
,Recommended,251730,22872764,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VG Purist,My personal 2014 Game of the Year.  This game satisfies all of my treasure hunting needs as an explorer on a dangerous Island.The puzzles are honestly not that difficult and the more difficult ones were reserved for top notch items which you don't necessarily need to beat the game.Very well done!http://youtu.be/RuEfuaIvU_Y
76561197974493059,Recommended,251730,25258097,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jgaltx,"Excellent follow-up to LoG1. The new Farmer class is interesting and can be very good if played properly and there are a handful of other class and game play tweaks here and there that add to the fun, but nothing that's much of a departure from LoG1. If you enjoyed the NWSE step-based movement, real time combat, dungeons, and graphics of LoG1 you should enjoy LoG2 just as well because it is largely more of the same.I thought LoG1 was excellent and was happy get another 90 hours of LoG goodness playing through LoG2 a couple of times with some different party combinations including the new Farmer class.9/10"
76561198084193965,Recommended,251730,34387055,Posted: 20 August,all,batz900,"Overall, this improved on grimrock 1 in basically every way.  More varied dungeons: check (albeit they're each smaller), more characters: check, non-linear: check.  The move to an outside environment really improved things for me, going through a dungeon and escaping into the light was IMHO a welcome improvement to just descending more.I do agree that leveling is basically scripted, you're rogue will do accuracy + light + some ranged attack, you're tank will do light + armor, and so on.  Essentially, the most important choice is in creating the character, and sadly there weren't any surprises in the leveling unlike the first game where level 50 gave a massive buff.  This doesn't IMHO make it bad, but it does mean that if you're looking for distinguishing you're insect fighter from other insect fighters then you're in the wrong place.The puzzles are both improved and worse.  They are more natural, and varied than in the first.  The biggest downside is needing certain equipment to complete some.  This means if you left some item you had no idea you'd need then you'd have to search for it.  I had left the serpent staff unknowing it would be important, and had to search for a long time to find where I left it.  Leaving a mess in the hub area is you're best bet, it's generally relatively accessible.  On that same note there's way more stuff, the weight limits seem too low, I basically never could even carry the cannon just because it weighted too much.  Ditto, for the spells; this meant I only stuck to a handful of spells I could remember, and the rest were just untouched, which is disappointing.Finally, the last downside, some puzzles have timing components, and these can be a drag.  There was one late in the game it probably took a dozen tries to get through, there was just not much room for error (I was turning instead of walking backwards, and this just ate too much time).  The controls aren't bad, but the low margin on some of the timing puzzles was a bit annoying.Combat is very much like the first.  This is good, though it does mean you'll spend the game circle-strafing, or finding a hole while attacking the enemies one at a time.  It does feel like some enemies have too much health, most notably the crabs.  They're a trash mob, but have such high armor and HP, it takes too long to finish them off that it makes the fight a bit of a bore.  This is the exception though, most enemies are well-balanced.  They've also introduced a bunch of new attacks to prevent circle-strafing from being the ultimate move...the downside of this is that it means you'll be waiting a good bit more during the combat.Overall, despite the gripes (which are minor over the course of the game) this is a fantastic game, and is a vast improvement over the original."
76561198024051968,Recommended,251730,25079942,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Nox,"Highly recommend if you were a fan of the ""Eye of the beholder"" series."
,Recommended,251730,34828531,Posted: 8 September,all,Coyote,"I wish there were more games like this, a real gem."
,Recommended,251730,26983540,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lazy town villain,"One of the best games I've ever played in my life, the game is not focused in combat or cinematographic scenes, but in the puzzles and combat, there aren't NPCs or guides to teach how to play or solve the puzzles, they are not hard, they just need you to think outside the box, and many of them are mind blowing.The graphics are very good, but not heavy and can easily run in cheap PCs. The combat is solid and strategic, you can't just smash a button, but they are also not hard, the enemies have weakness and it's up to you find them.In the game you will find many notes with hints for puzzles or hidden secrets, keep them in bag because you might need them in the future. You will find yourself thinking about the game while not playing, reminded me the old days when you spent time thinking about that one secret of Zelda.Pros:- The best puzzles I've ever solved.- Very intelligent secrets.- Ideal difficulty.- Balanced and strategic combat.- Good graphics.- Not linear.Cons:- There isn't much of story.- No NPCs to dialogue with.- You can get stuck very often because you threw a item away.It's a fantastic experience, following a guide or not. Definitely worth the time and price."
,Recommended,251730,27459519,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jam Torkberg,"Long story short, this game basically improves on the first in every possible way. More varied environments, better UI, streamlined leveling system, you name it.But most of all the sense of exploration. You have a huge island to explore and backtrack around, the number of nooks and crannies and secrets you have missed growing by the minute!Much like the first game it is challenging, but not unfair. I wholly recommend to anyone who enjoyed the first game, or to anyone that enjoys a good dungeon crawl in general."
76561198068962651,Recommended,251730,32017571,Posted: 28 May,all,Dungeon Rogue,I didn't think the first Grimrock could be topped....I was wrong!!This game improves on the first one in every way.A masterpiece in my eyes.
,Recommended,251730,34485552,Posted: 25 August,all,boyflea,"LoG1 was awesome... so why was LoG2 so.... well...Pros:- more cool stuff, more multi-levels, more open-ended mapsCons:- far tougher and easier to get lost and die, or worse be stuck so short of supplies you quit7/10: and it breaks my heart, but I just did not get into the sequel - but since then, the fans ralleid round and the community really boosted this game."
76561198069290300,Recommended,251730,23692391,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,wista37,"Legend of Grimrock 2 has got great graphics, storyline and is very good to play. Recommend this game to my friends."
76561197970642311,Recommended,251730,12620666,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MellowMonkey,"It´s games likes these that save the overused label ""retro game"" from becoming irrelevant and trivial. Legend of Grimrock 2 takes only the strong and healthy roots from the RPG-past and nourishes them to grow into something utterly fun and motivating. A clever modernization that swings the once bumpy genre into todays comfort zone, a challenging difficulty and a huge world map with a crazy amount of details not only make Grimrock 2 a much better game than it´s predecessor, it´s also one of the best RPG-experiences you´ll have this year."
,Recommended,251730,13627977,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SWEER POTATO,"An incredibly polished dungeon crawler that nearly surpasses every aspect of the original with flying colors. The game is gorgeous and it is genuinely fun to explore, fight, and solve puzzles.Oh God the crabs are back.They brought back the crabs.0/10."
76561197993265837,Recommended,251730,13464121,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dahlrek,"Modern version of a classic tile-based dungeon crawl. Lots of puzzles, fights, tricks and traps. Reasonably challenging even on normal settings, assuming you don't go running to the internets for strats and spoilers at the drop of a hat. The combat mechanics themselves are a little on the weak side, and the story and setting are a little on the contrived side, but over I enjoyed it immensely."
,Recommended,251730,12888694,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dimitri,"I may update this review after completing the game, but after 12 hours into it, I feel that my review can do justice to it's greatness.- The puzzles are challenging- The battles are challeging, but like the puzzles, are won by using your brain, not by rushing into the enemy.- The game is long (took me 10h to beat the 2nd boss).- The visuals are great, especially outdoors.- The outdoor dungeons and hubs really add more immersion in conparison to the first game.- The classes feel balanced and every level on a skill makes a difference.- It's good to LOOK CAREFULLY EACH WALL YOU PASS BY, and this may be an annoyance to some people, but I found that rewarding, because of the great number of secrets (and traps too).No doubt, my GOTY so far. Not kidding."
,Recommended,251730,12953043,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,asgalpha,"Simply an amazing game, seriously immersed me and I couldn't stop playing for 8 hours straight!"
,Recommended,251730,12757709,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Signa8,"Anything positive that I had to say about the first game has been outdone by Grimrock 2.  I'm currently 14 hours in, and I'm having a blast.  If you've never played the first, you owe it to yourself to do so if you are a classic RPG fan.  I don't even mean RPGs with this style of grid-based movement, I mean RPGs like Morrowind or Baldur's Gate.I never got into the oldschool games like Eye of the Beholder because they were too abusive, and I didn't have the patience back then.  Grimrock respects you and lets you have some breathers after those tough and costly battles.  Grimrock also handles its hunger system well, because you will never die from starvation, you just lose you ability to self heal.My only real nit-pick right now is that the puzzles have been a bit on the easy side.  Grimrock 1 had some of the best puzzles I've seen in a game, where they made you feel smart for figuring out the vague hints they gave you (like the Checkered Room).  Grimrock 2 just hasn't had those kind of puzzles yet.  Maybe I need to get in further, but even if I never get what I'm looking for, I don't mind.  I'm already planning my party for my second playthrough."
,Recommended,251730,20026202,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Slick,One of the best games I have ever had the pleassure to play!
,Recommended,251730,12652322,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dragon Dai (Uey),"Better than the first is basically every way, with new and exciting ways to get your prisoners murders, strange and interesting new puzzles to make you smash your face into your desk in frusteration, and, brand new to the series, everyone's favorite...under water levels! :DBut no, seriously, this game is incrediballs. If you like actual puzzles/riddles, heart pumping tactical real time combat, and some of the most interesting gameplay you'll ever experiece, you need to buy this game."
,Recommended,251730,21541168,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kingius,"Better in every way than the first game and especially in combat, this is a must get for any Dungeon Crawler fan. The only things that lets this game down is when it makes assumptions about party composition (you do need someone good at ranged/magic for one particular puzzle, so all fighter or rogue parties that use melee weapons are not a great idea even though the character creation would let you build them) and the final boss fight, which is not as bad as what the first game provided in this area. This is definitely one of the best dungeon crawlers and I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251730,15289832,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,RuySan,"In many ways it’s even better than the first. There’s a big Dark Souls inspiration to its intricate world, filled with secrets and understated lore. Many games of this genre, most particularly Dungeon Master 2, didn’t make the smoothest transition to an open world/overland structure. In this game it works extremely well.The level design is fantastic, and so it the general feel of the game. The only aspect in this game which might be slight inferior to its prequel is the puzzles. They don’t feel as focused, and sometimes they’re a bit aimless and in a couple of occasions I was forced to check an walkthrough, which was something that never happened in the first game."
76561197998325440,Recommended,251730,29724718,Posted: 5 February,all,gloryhound222,"Surpassed the original in every way.Pros:- Solid graphics- Solid audio- Great gameplay with consistent mechanics- Just the right level of difficulty (first game in decades that I ended up using all those hoarded potions and magic restorativesCons:- Some obtuse puzzles (not clever, just head scratching what the developers were thinking with the clues)Overall still definitely recommend"
76561198089957298,Recommended,251730,30803031,Posted: 28 March,all,Justice,One if the best indie games on steam. Great story. Recomend to people who like old school dungion games or people who want to try somthing new.
,Recommended,251730,31802072,Posted: 17 May,all,Sgt. Fury RDS,Awesome!
76561198087647750,Recommended,251730,32625030,Posted: 21 June,all,lindbergkaige,"It's better than the original, while being basically the exact same kind of game. If you liked Grimrock 1, you'll like this better. If you didn't, probably stay away. If you're thinking about playing Grimrock for the first time, I'd probably buy Grimrock 2."
76561197972170220,Recommended,251730,18174170,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,LIGHTNING,Not fully through the game but so far its a huge improvement over the first game. The graphics and sound are top notch the fact that you are outdoors (as well as indoors) make a huge difference to the game. The puzzles are not so out of the world in the second game. Overall its a very polished game and well worth the purchase!
,Recommended,251730,14195855,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,garvarg,"It may sound counter-intuitive and contradictory by its nature, but this is a square-based open world game. Of course it is not “Skyrim”-like open world, but you actually can go wherever you like, do there whatever you want, and you do not need 100% completion to see the end titles. Of course, the game is still square-based, you can’t expect to be able to put basket on someone’s head, actually there are no NPCs at all, it is still a dungeon crawler. And of course completing 100% percent of the game gives you more immersion into the world and story.What I personally really like is limitations the mechanics make you work around, tactics you should learn and skills you acquire (to never need them again naturally!). What I disliked is the no problem of throwing away an item you’re going to need later without knowing it and without an easy way to find it later.Role playing system of the game is massively reworked in comparison to the first instalment, so one may need a couple of test runs to decide which party to go with. The world looks astonishing. And yes, secrets in the game are mostly very satisfying, though some can be really difficult to get. That is actually the main reason to play it."
76561198016221237,Recommended,251730,27976694,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ranigma,"For me, the first game had a better skill system, Other than that, it is a bigger, better and deeper game.The  puzzles are harder than most adventure games, and the game has tons of them.It is so satisfying to solve  puzzles in this game, also really rewarding."
,Recommended,251730,16748227,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Baphomet,"The sequel to the critically acclaimed Legend of Grimrock brings back the old formula of grid-based dungeoneering with a party of four. This time around you are on an island and the game's levels are split between the overworld and subterranean areas filled with a variety of monsters and treasure. There are also night-day cycles which will effect your visibility and also certain puzzles. Most of the storyline revolves around you finding power gems and you will need to get every single one if you want to get the secret ending which means A LOT of exploring. The new classes add a little flair to the game but most are weaker than the ones used in Grimrock 1 (especially the farmer which is a joke class at best). I didn't care for the injury system which mostly serves as a means to force the player to either backtrack to a save crystal or waste healing potions as some of the injuries can make a character completely useless or cripple the party's speed. Also a couple of the puzzles were downright cryptic with hints like ""over and over and under"" when it really meant ""go in a circular loop around one part of the bridge, then the other part, then back and forth."" Were people really supposed to be able to figure this out on their own? (besides through trial and error?). Also the optional secret boss was a huge unexpected difficulty spike although I manged to figure out a way to cheese him. Other than that, Grimrock 2 is a pretty solid sequel and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the first game."
76561198079024357,Recommended,251730,16960009,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Evillusionist2,"Well...LG2 is better than LG1 in many ways (better combat, classes, races, traps etc.), it is truly a worthy predecesor of the first one. I really recommended to buy it, if you liked the first one or any old school dungeon crawler that it doesn't rely heavy on action or arcade rpg. It seems that we are going the same way like LG1 - the main story is beeing transformed in a tutorial, compared with those custom fan made stories you see on nexus or workshop; now that's a good thing and better than a ""new game plus"" option. However, there are some stupid developer choices that we could had gone without :1. NO MORE UNARMED COMBAT - c'mon that was great in LG12. Many classes but not so many combat styles level up perks - no light weapon + shield, no heavy weapon + lw/dagger/throwing weapon ( yet you carry and parry easy with a tower shield table for 4 type), no 2 daggers sneaky assassin combat (in the end when you max out dual and play with 2 swords and I felt like a diablo 3 dual wielding barbarian); these kid of styles  don't benefit from anything.3. No elemental dmg  added by your mage on arrows - to be honest I was expecting your mage ( depending on his class of magic) to arcane boost any type of weapons ( not just arrows like in LG1) and recharge fire swords etc.4. Not so convincing magic - I barely kill something with a shower of 6 fireballs ( the most powerful spell in the game, that eats my mana pool like no tomorrow), feels like an AK-47 with gum balls instead of bullets.5. Main story doesn't have enough elemental foes, booring diversity6. Battlemage feels clunky, since we don't have a ""remember my last spell"" hand slot, using magic and a weapon in the same time is too complicated, where combat LG2 easy is harder that combat LG1 hard7. Not everybody has the patience for clueless easter item hunt ( praise the walkthrough)So 8-9 out of 10 for this one"
76561198023625219,Recommended,251730,16427976,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Swevener,"If you liked the first game, you'll love the sequel! The spirit of the game remained the same and everything that was good about it was stepped up and improved. Solid 20h of gameplay for the first pass on normal difficulty."
76561198026243130,Recommended,251730,32204242,Posted: 5 June,all,Ninerjonny,Fantastic game and even better then the first...which was outstanding.  These games are vastly underated and need to be played by anyone who is a fan of the genre.
76561197990106355,Recommended,251730,31492212,Posted: 1 May,all,Dreepa,"If you liked the first Grimrock, you will love the second."
,Recommended,251730,33978684,Posted: 2 August,all,Zonixum,"I can't say that I've played a lot of puzzle and/or dungeon crawlers in my time, but I don't doubt that the legend of grimrock series might be one of the finest modern iterations on the genre. I was surpriced at how fresh and different they made every puzzle considering how seemingly simple the game mechanics were. The puzzles were challenging, but I seldom found myself truly stuck and there were more than one ""Lightbulb"" moment. In other words the puzzles gave a sense of achievement. The combat definitely is an aquired taste, but I can imagine that some grizzled players might feel right at home with it. The combat can instill dread and extreme stress at times and there is often quite a bit of planning involved as well. Personally I liked the combat a lot and I think it compliments the rest of the game very well. With other games it can be very jarring when a story driven game jumps from ""story section"" to ""puzzle section"" to ""combat section"", but this line becomes somewhat blurred with this kind of combat system.The game can be quite hard at times. The first game is much more linear than this one and you can have puzzles that stretch over the whole map so you might yourself having to put a lot more effort and walking a lot more than the first game. I consider this to be a negative thing and it would be nice to have something to indicate your progress in a area or something similar. This is why in part the game can be a bit exhausting. You are always doing puzzles or in combat (or finding secret buttons) and both require you to focus and think, meaning that you seldom get to rest. You could say that grimrock is a bit intense in that way, it's not a relaxing game. Combine this with a game that you can't really pick up whenever you want because then you might have forgotten your plans, planned builds and parts of puzzles. I think this might puts pressure on the player to solve the game faster and further exhausting the player. Another thing that might exhaust players is the mood of the game. While the game is more colourful and varied than the first game, the mood will mostly be creepy, somber and maybe something else depending on how you roleplay. One could make a comparison to old corridor shooters which didn't often didn't have much variety in mood and/or visuals. I will say however that the map design isn't bad. The world does interconnect in interesting ways even though game have a hub design, but it makes perfect sense in combination with the story.One thing that irks me with this series is the secret buttons. There are A LOT of secret buttons to find and IT IS fun to find these buttons, however it isn't fun looking for them. You don't have to find these buttons, but you can miss a lot of secret areas and loot without it which I found to be important. I did play on hard though, so for a normal playthrough it might not be as important. Completionists beware.The story is barely there, but it does leave a lot of room for a little roleplaying which is nice. The snoopiest of you will find a lot of interesting tidbits about the settings/world which I found to be surpricingly intriguing. Other than that it's a lot of fun to building your team. It has a great menu theme. With how the combat system works you can have fights that lasts for a day or two (in game time) which looks really badass. In on of the final battles I found myself fighting from when sun dawned until the next morning. That was badass."
76561198007600124,Recommended,251730,28333454,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Atman7,"This is the only modern game I know of that managed to capture the essence of classic old school RPG's like Black Crypt or Dungeon Master that I loved playing so much as a kid! And it improved upon it significantly!The gameplay, immersion and atmosphere are all great, even though movement is square-based and limited to 90-degree angles (which can be off-putting to kids used to today's cinematic animation and take-you-by-the-hand gameplay, hence the few negative reviews).The game on normal actually is rather difficult, but nothing you can't overcome if you develop your party reasonably and explore the world carefully making full use of the automap. You just need to skim through some guides first to make informed decisions on how to create a party and allocate skill points."
76561198006619996,Recommended,251730,20052291,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,High Elf of Paragon,Improves upon everything from the first game. One of the best RPGs in years.
,Recommended,251730,19422340,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,eisiger,"Where is Grimrock 3? Did someone mod a Grimrock 3 already? Is it the one called ""Crab Colosseum v4""? I'll let you guys know how Grimrock 3 is in a bit!"
76561198000238425,Recommended,251730,19624577,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Smokin' Hottie,"even better than the first. longer, harder, and not as linear.  highley recommended if you like this type of game."
,Recommended,251730,17884899,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Grahamtams,"This game is so good.  If you ever wanted to play a Wizardry game that was actually balanced well, here it is."
,Recommended,251730,16333729,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Harri,I don't like dungeon crawelrs...... is what I thought before playing Legend of Grimrock.
,Recommended,251730,17083965,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,｀ ◡ ´) majin,This game is pretty much perfect.
,Not Recommended,251730,32024612,Posted: 28 May,all,The Ridiculous Rav,"Still playing through the game, but I feel like I'm so close to the end that I can't feel like my opinion would change at all from here until I finish the game.Legend of Grimrock 2 is mechanically the exact same as #1, albeit with more spells this time around and special moves that items have.The graphics are slightly upgraded from LoG1 as well, but a lot of enemy assets have been re-used (mushroom people, twigroot enemies, spiders, cudgels etc). There's so many new things added and their fidelity is quality enough that I don't care, and it doesn't detract from that game at all especially if you haven't played #1 yet (lots of these enemies have new tricks up their sleeves too).Enemy AI has been upgraded in LoG2, where enemies are harder to kite because most of them have been equipped with side-swipe attacks and the rest of them will hesitate to move in front of you if they know you're camping a square trying to get a free side hit on them. The latter is bad because it drags out gameplay in what is an otherwise core mechanic of playing Grimrock.I feel that the gameplay is too slow; at the point I'm at, enemy encounters are a slog because each common enemy I fight can take upwards of 3-4 cycles from my party members. Stuff like frogs stealing weapons out of your party members hands, but then subsequently only dealing 3 damage per attack is annoying when it means that 1/4 of your DPS is taken away for a while; considering that these frogs respawn, it gets old really quick. The same goes for the blue lightning lizards that deal AoE damage to your party while you're walking around the hub world, and the blue gremlins who lurk in the water who block underwater paths until you kill them in the hub.Boss battles are new to Legend of Grimrock 2, but are a bit underwhelming. The majority of them come down to rushing the boss down while tanking his minions (if they summon them constantly), or just crawling into a corner and fighting all the enemies one at a time (if the minions are non-respawning). Like I said, when each common minion takes 3-4 cycles of your entire party, then you'll understand how boss fights get annoying really quick.Stat boosts through crystals, potions, and spells feel useless. There are only maybe two enemies in the game who deal shock damage that I've encountered so far, and armor that gives only +4 protection and maybe some points into vitality negates their damage so much that I don't understand why I'd brew potions or cast spells to negate their baby damage any more. By the time I walk to wherever I want to go, I'll heal it back anyways.The overworld is a really nice addition to LoG2, and I really enjoyed it... at first. By the time you complete two of the main areas, you'll be so tired of walking back and forth from untracked dungeon #698 to untracked dungeon #699 that you'll wish it was streamlined like LoG1 was. Beyond that, it's hard to tell which dungeons are required to progress and which ones aren't. You'll end up in a dungeon that takes you thirty minutes to complete just to get some power crystals (which are used to progress the game), but your inventory is probably full of them by now so there's no reason to grab more.Like I said above, armor is kind of bungus in this game. You're better off just getting health on your characters who you want to tank. Lots of skill trees feel useless to me, especially when my party is only specializing in very specific characteristics. My light weapons character had light weapons maxed out at level 5, and is now throwing points into skills like accuracy (because literally every other attack in this game misses for some reason, I don't know). The problem with accuracy is that the ""milestones"" for this skill tree give me perks like ""can attack from the back row"" which is useless because my melee attacker is already specced to be in the front row. I'd have to be hella early in the game for that to be useful, back before my mage got spells and my alchemist got good guns. And early in the game, there's no point in attacking from the back row because you won't have enough weapons OR have enough skill points to use said weapons.Every character runs into this problem where late-game speccing is just everywhere and there's no skill point reset at all. So if you put one single point into the wrong ability and want to change it later, you're SOL. My Heavy-Weapons character ran into it, my Alchemist ran into it, and my Mage is running into it too I don't have any desire to teach my fire-mage any air magic, but after you max the fire damage tree the only other good option for Mage to be able to sling spells better is just adding +20 mana to your pool per level. Spell at my rank cost like 40 mana per cast, so you can see how this is sub-useless at the point I'm at.It's really easy to get lost and have nothing to do in Grimrock 2. After you complete a dungeon, you're left scouring the hub world map for little spots you haven't covered, or maybe some puzzles you might have accidently not seen. I had to look up a guide just because one mandatory area had a puzzle in the entrance. The clue, which is the only way you could solve the puzzle, was hidden in a dungeon that I had already completed apparently. It was a piece of paper that I had overlooked on the ground after a tough fight, and I just totally walked past. I was walking around the island for two hours trying to find out what to do until I came across it because I resorted to using a guide for help.Save-scumming is basically a necessity in Grimrock 2 unless you want to be repeating hours of gameplay after every single unexpected ambush death. Get ready to press F5 + F9 a lot.This might just be me, but I feel like a lot of the puzzles this time around make less sense. Not all of them, but some of them have such niche solutions that you'll know the answer that the designers want you to think of, but you won't know how to express it in-game (without spoiling anything, a good example of this is in the cemetary).I mentioned special attacks, but here's my issue with them : In Grimrock 2, to perform any kind of attack you need to right-click on the characters weapon (or drag your mouse over a set of runes in order to cast a spell). To use a special attack, you need to hold down the mouse on a single weapon for around 1.5-2 seconds. In the time it takes to charge up a single special attack, I could have probably used my entire team's regular attacks including my Mage. If my Minotaur guy winds up an attack to deal 210 damage instead of his regular 120, but it takes so long that I have to miss an entire team rotation (60 damage from my light attacker, 40 damage from my alchemist, and another 140+ from my Mage), then there's no point in wasting that time; especially because if I miss the attack (which special attacks can and very often will miss) you basically cut out a quarter of your damage if not more. Special attacks should be able to be queued up, like how spells can be queue'd up before you cast them. That way, if I want to just blow up a small enemy with a barrage of special attacks I won't have to waste time with kiting a single petty mob.Enemy health values are a bit ridiculous in Grimrock 2. One particular enemy you have to fight in a mandatory dungeon has such a high protection rating that neither of my hard-hitters hit above 1-damage on the enemy for the entire fight; I had to use my mage, who completely ignores armor, and spent five whole minutes just walking circles around this particular enemy just waiting for my spells to recharge. There's all kinds of cheesy enemies which I won't go into detail about how ridiculously time consuming it is to deal with them.TL;DR GRIMROCK 2 IS FUN, BUT GET IT ON DISCOUNT BECAUSE IT'S ALSO NOT FUN SOMETIMES. PLAY IT AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION, BUT PLAY GRIMROCK 1 FIRST BECAUSE IT WAS HONESTLY BETTER JUST FOR BEING MORE STREAMLINED EVEN IF IT HAD A LITTLE LESS CONTENT."
,Recommended,251730,13033318,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,nerdfury,"In the past few years, I’ve tried several party-based RPGs which were developed by Indie companies and marketed as “old-school”. Unfortunately, these games were held back by clunky/unintuitive interfaces and skill systems, or did not run smoothly despite decent computer specs. Legend of Grimrock 2, on the other hand, is old-school nostalgia done RIGHT. Easily my most-loved game of 2014 (unless something crazy happens in December), Legend of Grimrock 2 is one of the most immersive, challenging and rewarding games I have played.Gameplay feels very crisp and intuitive. It’s an amazing feeling, to tentatively stick your head out from behind a dark corner, wondering whether that giant Rat-man dressed as a pirate is going to one-shot your squishy party members with his enormous hand cannon. It’s an amazing feeling, to finally put together a bunch of vague clues scribbled on parchment paper, locating a hidden treasure chest containing epic phat loots – and distributing this loot amongst my fully customized party of 4, each with their own distinct fighting styles and weapon/magic inclinations.There’s a good balance between combat, puzzle solving and exploration in Legend of Grimrock 2, and for me most of the puzzles were difficult, but that’s what made playing this game feel so rewarding. I often found myself saying “I’ll just explore one more area before I quit!” – and that didn’t work out too well. The developers did a fantastic job with level and sound design -- exploring the Laboratory for the first time actually made me very frightened. It’s a game that totally gets you in the zone and allows your imagination to run wild, and I appreciate that.My thoughts comparing Legend of Grimrock 1 & 2: The first game was a fun, linear dungeon crawler with a rather repetitive environment. Legend of Grimrock 2 is a much larger epic adventure across many different (but always beautiful) environments, both indoors and outdoors. The combat in both games aren’t the strongest selling point – in fact, it feels rather cheesy to constantly “run in circles” around monsters on hard difficulty (as facing them directly would be too dangerous). That said, both games are very high quality in terms of puzzles, atmosphere and exploration, but if you’re on a gaming budget and can only purchase one game at the moment, you may want to play Legend of Grimrock 1 if you prefer a more linear, focused adventure. There was quite a bit of ""wandering-around-lost"" downtime for me in Legend of Grimrock 2 compared to Legend of Grimrock 1, but it didn’t bother me that much. However, I can understand that if you have limited time to play, you may be looking for an adventuring experience that feels more cohesive – in that case, buy the first game.I’m pretty close to completing Legend of Grimrock 2 and I’m a little sad. I’ll stress again what I said at the beginning -- Legend of Grimrock 2 is old-school nostalgia done RIGHT."
,Recommended,251730,22745332,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kriegschneck,Best dungeon crawler.
76561198007367099,Not Recommended,251730,21925696,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Wufei,"Legend of Grimrock 2 is the successor to popular and successful game, where you adventure down in the dungeons in old retro style. Where as the first game was very linearly, LOG2 is trying to break the game up in a more open roamly world, where you can move above ground and underneath in several independent dungeons. This is also it's biggest weakness, as you get easily stuck at lock or magic forcefield, which requires a certain component you need to find.Even as an experienced adventure player, I had to give up close to the end due to lack of guidelines and almost impossible puzzles to solve. I only needed to find one component to open the grand gate into the castle, but after several hours of search, I could never find the area I was missing, sadly."
76561198055017547,Recommended,251730,12527206,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kasiornis,Wall Staring Simulator 2014A sequel to Wall Staring Simulator 2012. Now with more walls to stare.10.5\10
,Recommended,251730,12535612,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,✯LightningRod✯,"Excellent sequel to an excellent game. This game is a must have for any one who enjoyed the first Grimrock, or if you were interested in the series, you could start here, because so far it seems like a perfected version of the first. Nothing but improvement. Just great. Bloody brilliant."
,Recommended,251730,18310374,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,† Peruvian Missionary †,Love it
76561197970755187,Recommended,251730,25192531,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MGarceau,"Better than the 1st. Better in every conceivable way. If you enjoy grid-based RPGs, this is one to get!Two thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,251730,24798922,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Leafenstein,"Did you play dungeon crawlers on your windows 98 on them sick♥♥♥♥♥floppy disks?! Guess what ♥♥♥♥♥es! It's got an upgrade.Serious note: the game is great same as the 1st. The monsters are great and even better with the 2nd. The puzzles are aggravating same as the 1st. (I'm not a smart guy so the later puzzles were a pain). I combat is still the same but then again how can you switch up a tile base game.All together this game is great. You don't need to play the 1st one to know whats going on because it 2 different stories. (Unless you want your 4 characters to be the most unfortunate people on the planet) the game is solid (so far) I have yet to encounter and bugs, errors, or glitches. If you want your money's worth of entertainment this series will give it to you."
76561198042956737,Recommended,251730,25007578,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,atramentousFirmament,Among the best games I've ever played.
76561197963814546,Recommended,251730,25013695,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,^^0Ma^3ga,"Excellent game, well worth the money."
,Recommended,251730,25785635,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ColoJoe,"I loved this one as much as the first. Again, I could probably only get 75 - 80% of the game on my own, needed help to complete a bunch of the puzzles, but I really enjoyed the challenge. I really enjoyed the ""true"" ending as well. So much fun once again, creating my own party, exploring, customizing gear, and leveling up my team. Replay value is very High IMO, as its difficult to find everything / do everything in a single play through. Also.. I plan on a second play through, just to get the full monty achievement, as I didnt look at the achievements until my first play through."
,Recommended,251730,16408078,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"I love this game.  I love it very much.  Not everyone will love it, but it's not the sort of game that cares about those folks.  It's a reasonably challenging game with some of the most respectable riddles of any RPG I've ever played.  The combat is great, definitely more polished over the first game and strikes a nice balance between rewarding strategy, improvisation, and speed.  The world is nicely fleshed out with lots of attention to detail.  The designs are not extravagent or particularly novel, but they're not meant to be.  This is a classic fantasy game in many respects.But the core of why I love Legend of Grimrock is really how much it respects the intelligence of the player.  It expects you to use your brain, and it rewards you for paying attention.  It has some flaws with minor mechanics - but nothing that will plague your game experience.  As a whole, it's just a satisfying 20 hours."
76561197985925754,Recommended,251730,17021462,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,sofasleeper,"If you liked the first one, you'll probably like the second one. It's got all the good stuff (beautiful environments, great atmosphere, sound effects and music) Lots of items, very hard choices about upgrading your characters stats and equipment. Everything is a trade-off and that's good.It is much bigger and at times I felt lost. It is not a straight drill to the bottom of a dungeon campaign. There are multiple outdoor environments and you are almost free to roam anywhere. I did have to turn to a forum for guidance a few times.I hope to see this become a trilogy! If they keep building on this engine  and add NPCs, shops and quests, we might get someone to finally remake Ultima Underworld as a mod.Good job guys!"
,Recommended,251730,19543470,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MattDistrAAAHction,"This is the best kind of sequel. It takes what the original Grimrock did- filling the niche that classic first person grid-based dungeon crawling RPGs dug out- and improving almost every aspect of it, while giving it an original spin on the structure of the world and its story. It's full of secrets, surprises, and challenge in a world that's a blast to explore with a fine-toothed comb.There's a lot to this game from the very beginning. Creating an effective party of four members, whose choice of race, class, attributes, traits, and skills for each can deeply affect your experience per playthrough. And it's all quite well-balanced, as damage output depends a lot more on equipment you find, and your ability to use them, more than base stats. The party creation opens a ton of avenues for unique challenges. You could for example try having less than four party members or having a team of farmers (who can only gain experience from eating food.)One of the most obvious changes from Grimrock 1 is the world's structure. While in the first game it was a massive downward slog through floors of an endless dark, gray dungeon, the game takes place in an overworld ""dungeon"" with several variously sized traditional dungeons scattered around. The seven distinct environments of the world provide a much-needed and somewhat literal breath of fresh air, especially when coming above ground after traversing through one of the larger dungeons. At the start, you travel linearly between the first three areas, giving you time to establish an effective party through the simpler challenges. In the third area is where the game's structure really shines, letting you choose between four potential paths. The road ahead to your eventual goal needs to be unlocked by finding gems through exploration, combat, and puzzle solving throughout the world, which make for good gauges of progress as you make your path. Even if you skip over a few, you shouldn't face much backtracking thanks to the tight level design and the teleportation hub.There is a distinct 'Treasure Island' feel to the setting. Your party beings the adventure shipwrecked on an Island, there's a shovel to unbury treasure (and graves, naturally), as well as the addition of firearms, which have distinct advantages and disadvantages to the usual throwing weapons. Your exploration of the world and eye for secrets will not go unrewarded, even if sometimes the 'reward' is a miniboss, another new addition to Grimrock. One of the things I love about both Grimrock games is that you're never instantly killed. Falling down a pit will never kill you, however whatever is IN that pit just might. Regardless it's almost always worth taking the plunge to potentially find items than to play it safe for the sake of your party's ankles. There are ways that YOU can instantly kill enemies by falling on top of one or telefragging them, but I have not seen if they can do the same to you.As for the enemies themselves, there is a fair bit of variety, including flying leech-squid things, rat pirates, and a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥of a leprechaun. Even the more generic themed enemies typically have unique movement and attack AI. Your success against these enemies require a lot of thinking ahead. You typically can't risk full-frontal assault if you want to keep your health. The combat is mostly movement-based, meaning you have to essentially dance around your enemies. In the original Grimrock, this would typically lead to what fans came to call ""square-dancing,"" where you and your opponent would be locked in a 2x2 square as you move laterally, turn, hit the enemy as it takes your place, and just as they turn to face you, repeat. This problem rarely occurs in Grimrock 2, as the enemy AI typically isn't willing to move ahead to give you a free hit, and often have certain tricks to confound you (ie. quickly cartwheeling to your flank, leaping into the air to land in a nearby space, lightning-fast sideswipe attacks). This makes the combat generally full of suspense, necessitating precise footwork and planning as to not get yourself cornered or caught between multiple enemies, often whose tactics complement one another to your disadvantage, particularily in the boss battles. The enemies, after they die, only respawn after a certain amount of time and progress. Sometimes they may even become tougher versions or new kinds altogether. I don't know how exactly it is designed, but it seems to scale well with your party's power, always providing a decent challenge.As far as story goes, there's nothing too groundbreaking, but what is there is handled well. Other than the intro, your experience through the game is never interrupted by cutscenes, and everything is told through notes and lore that typically leads more into puzzles than just for its own sake, which is something to be appreciated. There's just the right amount, from the notes directly from ""The Island Master"" that give you plenty of reason to want to go fight him (if you needed more than all the traps and♥♥♥♥♥♥he left around), to the rest that adds flavor while at the same time interacting with gameplay.If you're interested in a challenging, fun, and fair RPG with a fair level of depth, with a balanced blend of old and new, this is a phenomenally good choice. With great replayability from the base campaign alone, the dungeon editor and workshop support should give you plenty of extra mileage from this game."
,Recommended,251730,32748840,Posted: 24 June,all,A6M Zero,"Absolutely fantastic game. One of those gems that manages to take everything good about its predecessor and improve on that, while expanding the scope of the entire game to the same stellar quality. Tons of secrets, challenging puzzles, enjoyable gameplay, very pleasing graphics and aesthetics like in the first game, with tons of new improvements. An expanded class/skill system adds a whole lot of variety and replayability.An absolute legend of a game. One of the greatest gaming experiences I've ever had, easily."
76561198039912497,Recommended,251730,24832397,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Doctor Plok,"A triumphant sequel! Looks great, sounds great and plays identical to the first but with more potential build diversity. Some of the secrets and riddles are rather devilish in nature so expect to have your mental capacity stretched as you try to work your way around some of the more obscure puzzles...or just consult a guide for some extra clues/the complete solution. Like the first game, I enjoyed the story for what it facilitated but it generally feels rather redundant in the context of what one would like from such a game.My only real negative is the skills system - I really think there needed to be more traits in each skill line. There should always be an interesting bonus at the end of each skill line to entice the player to spend more points into single lines at the expense of skill diversity. I generally found there was no difficult choices to make with skill point allocation because you rarely had to max out a skill line to achieve its most important trait.Other than that, it's a perfect sequel."
,Recommended,251730,13604480,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DocCovington,"What a fantastic sequel! The fans could not have asked for more. The graphics, the various levels and environments, the music, the atmosphere, the UI, underwater adventures, etc. -- everything is brilliant.Only downside: even at normal difficulty, some levels/oppenents are just crazy difficult to master. I never made as much use of the console in LoG1 in order to spawn items that would assist my group like I did in LoG2 -- be it to buff my team with potions, get them better armor early on or to level their skills and attributes up so they would stand a chance. This can really spoil the fun, but after dozens of reloads it can become a necessity, unless you want to punch a hole into the wall from sheer frustration. ;)"
,Recommended,251730,26857265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dimori - Omena,"One of my many experiences with this game:I've spent the last hour in deep dark mine full of giant 2 meters wide venomous spiders. I'm barely alive and have finally found a safe corner where I can rest. I can still hear the spiders everywhere around me and I'm scared that one might jump around the corner any second. Still I take this opportunity to sort my inventory abit.While I'm focused on my inventory i glance forward and infront of me is A GIANT SPIDER!!!I got spooked so hard that I almost fell out of chair. Then I look at it again and realize that it's just a tiny spider walking calmly in front of me and it couldn't hurt me.This game is just perfect. It is in every way a better than the first one. Its atmosphere is strong, the puzzles are hard but solvable, the enemies are scary because it's so hard to die fighting them and the island itself is beautiful."
76561198044653396,Recommended,251730,22567200,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Drake Dragoon,"~ Legend of Grimrock 2 Review ~8/10 PositiveGraphics: 8/10The graphics are above average for a dungeon crawler. Magic effects are pleasing. Nothing over the top, but certainly nothing to complain about.Puzzles: 8/10The puzzles can be challenging at times, especially when enemies are near and you  need to think fast or die. I did end up looking at a game guide online in order to solve 1 or 2 of the puzzles.Battles: 8/10Some of the enemies required some clever tactics to beat and were actually quite a challenge. I felt a little scared at times as my dimly lit torch gave me a surprising glimps of a dark and terrifying foe in front of me.Conclusion: If you like dungeon crawlers, then this game is great for you. But if you are a little less geeky then me and you want to PvP in a first person shooter all night, then the slow progression and movement limitations will eat you alive."
76561197981182472,Recommended,251730,17085737,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Junglehum,"Much better than the first Legend of Grimrock, open world, cool items and actually some good puzzles, even though some really bug me. The bosses might be a little bit easier in some places, but you still have a lot of challenge as you need balance using items, skills and managing who is in the front row taking the damage and movement is also key in this one as some enemies have many different kind of attacks that you have to dodge.This game is really easy to get in to but still has a lot of challenge and can be played in short periods and feel like you have accomplished something. Just after few hours of playing the game world opens up so that you have multiple dungeons to explore, notes for hidden treasures and there are even some cool traps, like items that you can pick up just out in the open and then be teleported to a dungeon where you are surrounded by enemies.Some bad things about the game might be that some builds are useless when compared to others so the character customization is kinda bogged down and there seems to be very little story or interesting characters, so I would not suggest this for people who like a story driven rpg like maybe dragon age or gothic 2, witcher and such."
,Recommended,251730,13726305,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,White,The best dungeon-crawling RPG I've ever played. Top 10 favorite games ever. tenouttaten
76561198025909144,Recommended,251730,26099002,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,gugnihr,"This game is really well made and entertaining. It has fun combat, interesting puzzles and fun mechanics. On top of that, it gives a lot of customization options. You can create your own levels with a very easy to use editor but if you are able to do some scripting and/or create new 3d models and objects you can alter the game contents even more than that (sometimes the original content could be somewhat limited depending on the look you want to give to your environment).You can also use any picture you want to create your character: you can play with characters from other games, your friends, your favorite movie stars, your childhood toys, your toaster, your dog, the almighty Azathoth, anybody or anything and it is very fun.There are a few things I did not like too... The main plot is somewhat disappointing and trivial and reminds me of a very famous tv show I really hate, the normal ending imho is a lot better than the secret one both in how it looks and in its meaning (I really dislike the main plot lol). Also in my opinion it is not good for a game that long and with such a big map to have ""almost"" none NPC to interact with. The main quest gives you goals that feel repetitive after a while, despite the actual gameplay and environments being varied, interesting and entertaining. And the island master mocking the player somewhat ruined the fantasy setting a bit... sometimes it sounded like a modern day criminal or sociopath rather than an exotic fantasy character to me...Overall it is a great game that delivers high quality entertainment and many possibilities to easily create your own environment to play with (or play custom levels created from others), even if there are a few things I would have appreciated more if done differently"
,Recommended,251730,13774874,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jarl,This was an excellent sequel to the first. They took a nostalgic game genre to the next level in this release. The world was vastly expanded with puzzles and clues around every corner. They balanced that nicely with combat and engaging character classes. Definitely a must play if you are a fan of the old school dungeun crawlers.
76561198036242011,Recommended,251730,30604614,Posted: 18 March,all,Jehoel,"Very fun game in the old classical sense of dungeon crawl RPG.  Improves over the first version, which is surprising since the first was also very good."
,Recommended,251730,31384379,Posted: 26 April,all,Deputy Big Daddy Swank,"It's an amazing game, I loved the first one, and this one took the original game and built on it, refining the good and cutting the bad. A true step up from the first as a sequel should be."
,Recommended,251730,32026731,Posted: 28 May,all,MUMO,"Just amazing, one of the best ROL games i ever played, personally like it in all aspects"
76561198072422740,Recommended,251730,32164074,Posted: 3 June,all,j1984,"How often do developers actually turn a sequel into something so much more and even better than its succesful foregoer Grimrock I? This might be the ultimate modern-oldsschool RPG, and the outside areas are a huge improvement to the overall non-linear and versatile feel of the game. if you love gathering XP points exploring a wonderfully eerie universe with the occasional jumpscare (damn it's surprisingly scary sometimes) and don't mind putting yourself to work breaking some code language or riddles from time to time, you might be in for quite a ride.A ride that will probably take you much much longer than some of the gamelengths hardcore game afficionados claim to complete it in (do you even take time to enjoy a first playthrough in under 35h?). You can easily double or triple that if you're more of an explorer like me, I did it in 67 hours and it was truly worth drinking it all in.All in all Grimrock II is an immersive experience and a challenging must have RPG, albeit at times very hard for non-hardcore gamers (esp. the last boss fights). Now imagine Grimrock III incorporating a small buying/selling system and a marketplace, this could possibly become the ultimate game for nostalgic Might & Magic or Wizardry fans.Highly recommended and kuddos to this talented Finnish Game design company! 9/10"
76561198048164779,Recommended,251730,31715421,Posted: 12 May,all,GMBzilla,"LOG2 is a enjoyable dungeon romp. The characters and rewards are good. The graphics and effects are well done and keep the mood.  The music and sound is wonderful (but there should be a way to turn down the music without turning down the ambiance - but there is not).I didn't like that you have to have food or you starve. It's like this: You're about to beat the game - solved all the puzzles - killed all the monsters - oops no food - YOUR DEAD! With all the puzzles and monsters STARVATION is NOT needed and not fun for me. There should be a way to turn it off.Warning: If you don't like puzzles don't buy this game. Good news is if you need help or a solve there is tons of it on the web and on Steam. I like this game alot BUT I don't like spending hours solving a puzzle. I like exploration and tactics. Perhaps the dev can add  a ""clue"" button for easy mode. Or for those who just want to explore. If you use the clue button it shows in the statistics list: ""Puzzle Clues used: x""All and all LOG2 is a very good game. I can see that much work went in to this. The music and sound is great. I also like that it has an editor you can monkey with. It's not too hard to use and there are tutorials on the web.If Steam had a 1 to 5 rating system I would give a 4. It would be 5 if not for the starvation aspect. With all there is to defeat and figure out in this game, starvation is just torture. Not needed.This is my opinion and your may vary. Thanks."
,Recommended,251730,32326670,Posted: 10 June,all,Sterlini,"*Disclaimer* I have not played the first Legend of Grimrock. I have no original point of reference, and therefore cannot provide any sort of comparison between the two games.First person dungeon crawlers are certainly rare as of late. As a matter of fact, Legend of Grimrock 2 represents my first personal experience with the genre. The exploration, combat, and environmental puzzle solving come together in Grimrock 2 to deliver an experience that is, for the most part, highly engaging. However, the game’s high difficulty and inconsistent puzzle design are notable blemishes on an otherwise solid game.Grimrock 2’s sense of exploration is certainly its greatest strength. Even in the game’s starting area, there are secrets to discover and dungeons to delve into. The game’s world is divided into multiple regions. For the most part, the player is free to explore these areas in whatever order they see fit. Usually in games with this structure, a certain problem arises. Because of the modular nature of the world design, each locale feels too self contained (ie. the water level, the desert level, the forest level, etc.). Grimrock 2 subverts this by having the player find information that is relevant to one region in other regions. For example, a letter found in a dungeon four hours into the game could contain a riddle leading to a hidden treasure in an area the player has been to earlier. Likewise, an inscription read in one area may not be relevant until much further along the player’s journey. In this way, the player feels as if they are truly gathering information about the world around them. The game’s strongest puzzles and most satisfying moments arise from this experience of uncovering the plethora of secrets in Grimrock 2’s world. Some of the game’s other puzzles don’t fare as well, unfortunately.Grimrock 2’s puzzles are on a wide spectrum of difficulty and quality. The aforementioned exploration puzzles that send the player on exciting hunts, following a string of riddles and vague clues, are the best the game has to offer. There are also a number of self contained “puzzle rooms” that range from satisfying brain-benders to hopelessly frustrating slogs. The stronger puzzles in this category evoke memories of John Blow’s The Witness. While difficult, these puzzles reward the player for taking time to analyze and use logic to proceed. Grimrock 2’s weaker puzzle offerings often feel arbitrary. Whether it be arbitrarily difficult, or arbitrarily easy. Puzzles of the former kind usually involve information the player has no way of knowing, or have illogical solutions even with the information given. Puzzles of the latter tend to boil down to “put item on pressure plate” or “find a hidden button”. The good puzzles certainly outnumber the bad, but the bad ones are certainly noticeable.The combat in Grimrock 2 was the biggest surprise for me. What I assumed would be a stale affair of strafing and slashing at helpless AI actually became an exciting and dynamic back and forth. Two factors greatly assist Grimrock 2’s combat. First, projectile attacks and spells actually move through the game world as objects. This allows both monsters and the party to frantically evade arrows, fireballs, and the like, in real time. Secondly, there are a number of enemies in the game whose movement and attack patterns either evade or punish strafing. Whether it be leaping frogs, burrowing vines, or strafing crabs, combat almost always sees the player in constant motion. These factors alongside the claustrophobic dungeon design and importance of positioning make for combat encounters that are often thrilling, but perhaps too difficult for some.A great deal of Grimrock 2’s difficulty is hidden away in character creation and choosing what skills to level up. Even from level one, players need to plan their party members’ character builds carefully. This, coupled with the imbalanced power level of certain classes and skills, can sometimes make it seem as though the player has created a party that feels underpowered or even one that is impossible to win with. While the latter is rarely true, the game’s difficulty can certainly vary depending on the player’s customization choices.Overall, The Legend of Grimrock 2 is a solid game. I enjoyed the vast majority of my time with it, but the moments where I didn’t were a tad too frequent to ignore. This game is not for those who frustrate easily, or want a simple hack-and-slash romp through some dungeons. On the other hand, players wanting to deeply invest themselves into an immersive world full of secrets, puzzles challenge, and danger need look no further.Overall Score: 7/10+ Rewarding Exploration+ Exciting Combat+ Some Very Good Puzzles- Some Very Bad Puzzles- Unbalanced Character Creation"
76561197991987483,Recommended,251730,30448008,Posted: 11 March,all,VasWolf,"I love this game! Reminds me so much of my Wizardry days, but with fresh graphics and new and interesting mechanics.PROS:- Old School Roots- Character Development- Automap!- Combat is fast and furious at times and WASD maneuvering while clicking is a must to survive some battlesCONS:- Got quite a few hours in (twice) and realized my character build wasn't very good and restarted. Now, having won the game, I could probably win with most party builds, but the game isn't very forgiving for newbies... I would read some guides before journeying out the first time! (FYI - I didn't mind the restarts, its just advice)"
,Recommended,251730,30487530,Posted: 13 March,all,trn,"A thoroughly enjoyable (and large!) dungeon crawler. Old-school 'Eye of the Beholder' style combat (and occasionally enemies) and brutal difficulty. It is, then, a fitting sequel to the original Legend of Grimrock. Unlike the first game, however, this features larger outdoor spaces, a wider variety of puzzles and enemies and is much longer. It is everything you might want and more. I heartily recommend this to anyone fed up of the modern RPG scene which tends to consist of nostalgic isometric games that fail to capture the depth of the games they are copying but somehow manage to capture the infuriating combat; or open world collectathons with occasional 'dialogue' choices.For those who grew up on pen and paper RPGs, this is your spiritual home."
76561198059269941,Recommended,251730,31875385,Posted: 20 May,all,Crowguy,"If you like adventure, role-playing, or a challenge, you'll love this."
76561198005845889,Recommended,251730,30424596,Posted: 10 March,all,bdgraphics,"This is in the vein of old school dungeon adventures. Pick your four characters, modify them up and start crawling the dungeons and lands in a 'tile' based format.If you played some of the RPG of some years ago you will like this game. The puzzles in the game, mean you need to turn your brain on. Ok, you probably won't get all of them but most can be solved by some sleuthing and lateral thinking. This is half the fun.Explore, combat and try to get further through a game. Advance your characters, eat food, swap out the myriad of items without getting too bogged down in super detail."
76561197964664687,Recommended,251730,30519014,Posted: 14 March,all,Johnny B Good,As bloody fantastic as the original.  I love it.Hows that for a detailed review? :D
76561198042099369,Recommended,251730,32054670,Posted: 29 May,all,nyahab,"The best of the genre, lifted up to near perfection.  If this is even remotely the type of game that attracts you, be prepared to find a slot in your list of top enjoyable games of all time.Its been a long while since the sort of journey we experienced years ago has been evoked, and then here so potently.  If this comment made any sense to you, then set aside some time - you are in for something pretty special."
76561197994971663,Recommended,251730,14073529,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ray Smuckles,This game owns.
76561198053272785,Recommended,251730,15539519,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lordnate,"Very similar to Stonekeep. Awsome game, Grimrock 1 was great and 2 is even better!!"
,Recommended,251730,14990519,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JonathanBergeron,"Better than the original, in which I sinked (so far) 40 + hours.Plus :Damage system to part of your body (can prevent you from using an arm, moving more slowly, halt energy replenishement, dminish accuracy...)More varied environement (with day/night system)More variety of puzzleGraphic quality is as good as beforeMultiple option to make game harder (no quick save, single use saving spot)Con :Sound design of enemy could definitely be improvedI'm not a fan of simple ambient sounds, a bit of ambient music could be nice (and turned off if you want more realistic immersion)Thanks to the devs for the relatively quick job ober porting it to mac!"
,Recommended,251730,14980171,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sydney's World,"Maddeningly frustrating, yet delightfully addictive. Some old school RPG exploration, combat, and puzzles without hand-holding. This game ain't easy; without hints from the walkthrough, I would never have been able to figure out some of the puzzles which are ridiculously hard. Minor drawbacks include repetitive sound atmosphere with no soundtrack, and a poison pill: by this I mean you need 16 power gems to enter the castle and there is no way of knowing which ones you found and which ones are still out there, so...even with a walkthrough, there is no way for me to find the missing power gem I need,. Thus, I will never be able to finish the last levels of the game. Even so, I got close to 40 hours of gameplay, and so it was well worth the money."
,Recommended,251730,13173971,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Eye See You,"This is simply one of the best games I've played in 2014. Just the main theme got me so fast and so often, I just couldn't stop playing. The riddles are hard as hell and really motivate to explore and look at every stone twice. Secrets everywhere, beautiful maps, unique gameplay and challenging fights! 10 / 10, would buy again!"
,Recommended,251730,14430816,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Vejita,Dig up the treasure. Stand on the pressure plate. Throw the rock. Eat the Turtle eggs.
,Recommended,251730,12645494,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Unzen,"A significant improvement over the first, LOG2 still retains it's almost brutal difficulty curve while progressing through the old-school dungeon crawler environment. If your key driver in an RPG game such as Skyrim is in its graphics, then you will be sorely let down by the presentation of LOG2. That's far from saying the game isn't pretty - but its more functional in appearance than blowing you away with graphical awe.Where LOG2 scores very highly is in both character progression and feeling forever in fear of every creature that comes your way. Your original band of four ship-wrecked prisoners are woefully under-skilled and lack any form of equipment. In fact, you literally start with nothing other than a washed up branch nearby to begin with.There are the usual race-to-class pros and cons. Amongst my group, I created a minotaur barbarian with high strength and attack. A female knight who has attained the ability as the groups' main potion maker sits alongside - protecting my much weaker reptilian rogue and my insectoid wizard at the rear. However, they all have their own unique roles to play in the group - and this is one of LOG2's big strong points. Skyrim's multi-skilled/multi-talented lead role is definitely not seen here. Your heavy hitters dish out damage and also attempt to absorb it - while the brain-boxes lie in second file and do their work from a safe distance.LOG2 is a massively cerebral game. You can stand still for minutes at a time without concern of being attacked. It rewards lateral thinkers - those that think slightly out of the box and who attempt to intelligently work through a puzzle, rather than bash and kill their way through it.Some puzzles are easy - while some are extremely tough to work out. But LOG2 provides a highly rewarding and enjoyable quest as you push on ahead. At the time of writing, I was approximately 8 hours into it - and I'll definitely be seeing this game through to the end.For all those who want more of a thinking player's RPG - you certainly can't go wrong with this.9/10"
76561197969144922,Recommended,251730,13591178,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Terrorbillen,The changes from the first game has been a major improvement without touching the essence a bit. I love the variety in scenery and opponents and the strealined new skill tree is great.
,Recommended,251730,15991236,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"Legend of Grimrock was a remake of the old Dungeon Master series of video games, where four of the unluckiest people on whatever fantasy world you care to name slugged it out in a first-person viewpoint through a never-ending dungeon solving puzzles, killing monsters, and reloading saved games a lot. Grimrock is a fantastic revival, updating the format with a new-school look and filling the dungeons with enough monsters to cover every possible phobia that human beings have. Creepy spiders? Got them. Horrible zombie monsters? Got those too. Starving to death in a dungeon because the puzzle for a solution eludes you? That's you. It turns out you are the monster who ate all the cakes and now have no more cakes. Way to go, Chompy McFoodie.Legend of Grimrock II is largely the same thing, but massively improved and even more difficult than the first game. I get the feeling the developers didn't have a good direction to take the Grimrock series, so they went the BIGGER AND BETTERER route. This is not a bad thing at all - the first Grimrock left me vaguely unsatisfied after I reached the bottom, because I realized all we were doing was running around narrow corridors in a goddamn mountain. Well, Grimrock II is for picky-picky pants who thought along the same lines, because this time you get to GO OUTSIDE AND GET KILLED BY HORRIBLE MONSTERS. Seriously - the game has you start out fighting for your life on the beach with scraps and rocks, and every fight feels like a goddamn do-or-die frantic clawing at each others' throats. The game is able to keep this crazy amount of tension going with each and every new area - fights become intense and terrifying with every new monster because it has this little quirk or trick up its sleeve that it's going to use to ♥♥♥♥ your party over and kill you dead.It works out a lot of the quirks from the first game's puzzles - mostly. The puzzles are difficult, but not too brain bending - they don't quite reach the Portal sweet spot, but they come close and solving them made me feel like a champion. There's still a couple that require moon logic and sent me towards a walkthrough guide.The plot is a bunch of accented nothing. The first game's story had a bunch of information on the world, but not a whole bunch as to why the King sent four poor suckers into a mountain cave to find out what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on. The second game doesn't have much more than that. It has lots of beautiful details about the world that the game exists in, but there's not much else to it other than ""Gotta get the ♥♥♥♥ off of this crazy death island full of crazy death monsters, gotta go!""I can't really say much more about this game other than it's a bigger and better sequel and you don't need to play the first game to understand it. I will say that whenever people talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about beating hard bosses in Dark Souls or Bloodborne, I'll talk about the time I got jumped by cobras and crazy undead Medusa archers just to get a longsword that I didn't even end up wanting to keep."
,Recommended,251730,19834009,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,L,*sees a firearm*Me: ohhh a new gun*reaches for the gun**got jump scared by horde of mummies*me: F*CK!! WTF?!? HOLY SH*T!!!10/10 would get attacked by hypertension again
76561198038200300,Recommended,251730,26820781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scherier,You know what is Eye of the Beholder? Lands of Lore? You will love this game!!
76561198016582165,Recommended,251730,13545512,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Yepow,"Amazing.  Takes the fun of the first one and makes it MUCH better.  The open world is open-but-not-too-open (and there's a decent spoiler site for if you get stuck), there are scores of secrets, at normal difficulty I find it hard but NOT WAY too hard.  It's not just dungeon tiles since there's lots of outdoors.  Old school done new."
,Recommended,251730,12696214,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Wolf,"Legend of Grimrock 2 adds a ton of new things into the mix without taking away the classic dungeon-crawling feel that it had originally.A much more open-world with varied levels and challenges (and brilliant visuals) makes the experience just feel much more exciting. Puzzles, clues and cryptic messages are scattered all around in both the main progression and secrets and side-areas, certainly providing a difficult but satisfying challenge which results in a great sense of achievement when you finally figure something out. The sound effects are pretty immersive (and creepy, at times), and the title music in particular always gets me psyched when I load it up.Incredible sequel to an already great game. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,251730,12560370,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,GoldenGlovez,This game is a must buy! Absolutely amazing sequel to Legend of Grimrock.
76561198063081334,Recommended,251730,29251306,Posted: 14 January,all,Batman,"Come on, this game as 92% positive review and you are still wonder if you'll like the game? Well, let's see what I can say about this game then.The Good:1) Extras. Game theme music and game manual provided is a nice touch as an add-on.2) Good Music3) Good Graphics4) Good RPG elements. Leveling up and character builds are interesting, diverse and well implemented.5) Good Controls. Real time combats where inventory and maps doesn't pause anything. Controls are hard and you can tell its intentionally made that way. This makes the game feels more real.6) Good Enemy AI: Dodge/Chase-down intelligently based on player's action. This makes sometimes even a weak enemy alittle problemetic to deal with. Moves intelligently. Will standstill or take detour just to corner player making enemies quite deadly at 3 or more in numbers. Strategy seems well written since players need to take damage in order to get out of being surrounded, sometimes its even impossible to get out and player will have to brace themsevles.7) Story is more rich as they have added abit more lore in.8) Good riddles and puzzles and traps as usual.9) Good value for $$$.The Bad:1) Low replay value. The game is great and epic but replay value is even lower now that there's not even a Toorum mode a.k.a. one imba character for player to replay the whole game with new strategy or in a new light. I feel tired just by the thought of having to play the whole epic adventure once more just to try out a new team build.1b) A solution might be for newgame+ or allowing changing class and skillpoint distribution once game has been completed. Just to make trying out different stuff much less daunting.2) Uneven use of enemies.. I find the diversity of enemies great and I have mentioned how wonderful their AI is. However, I find myself fighting undeads most of the time.... I mean.. Come on, there's 2 entire regions here undead is the primary enemy. I feel like I want to fight other types of enemies more often and less undead.. At least double the encounter for all other types of enemies and at least half encounters for undead.There you go. That's what I'll like to say about the game. All in all great game. I'm a stingy motherfker and I personally wouldn't buy the game at full price but I can't honestly say its not worth it. The game is definitely worth every dollar spent even if bought at full price."
76561198190032161,Recommended,251730,16738918,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tarkas,Almost Human studio ==> almost Perfect Game. 19/20
76561197972973275,Recommended,251730,23668087,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Flatline,Even better than Grimrock 1.
76561197970865625,Recommended,251730,12650439,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Yu,"Beautiful environments, great atmosphere, intricate puzzles and solid RPG battle mechanics and character-customization. I loved the first game, and this game is everything you could wish for in a sequel: More of the same, brilliant ideas, but different enough to feel fresh and new. For me, the best things about the game is that it respects the player and paces itself perfectly. It's never repetitive and each challenge you tackle feels new and different.Even when you're done with the game, you can go through it again with a new party and look for secrets you might have missed. One thing I've noticed in my now second playthrough is that I'm probably progressing 3x-4x faster than before, meaning knowledge is more powerful than any kind of weapon or equipment you find in the game, which I think is a testament to great design.If you haven't played this kind of game before, I would actually recommend the first game over this one, simply because it's more linear and easier to get into. When you're done with that, you WILL be wanting more, and then you come back for this one :)I ran into some game-crashing bugs the first week, but they have since been fixed. There are still some performance issues in certain areas, but nothing major. Highly recommended."
76561197979633735,Recommended,251730,13340224,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Chicken God,A hidden gem. If you havent tried it you dont know what your missing. Capitalized on what was great about grimrock and multiplied it by 10.
76561198002189495,Recommended,251730,13508871,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,rovaira2,"Wow, this game is amazing.. If you ever played the old Dungeon Master game, or the last LOG game you'll love this. The creators of this game lifted the bar by making the game outdoor as well as indoor. There seems to be more variety of monsters, great puzzles like the first game, and the same style of combat. There are hidden surprises, treasures, and a large map to boot. Definitely worth the $$."
76561198008534531,Recommended,251730,12757151,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,"Great dungeon crawler, if you played the first one and liked it, you will like this one even more."
76561197974250986,Not Recommended,251730,20526310,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,edub101,"A ""look-up-the-puzzle-solution-on-the-internet"" simulator, at its finest.  This is an RPG with almost zero ""role-playing,"" as there is not a single character throughout the game with which your party will interact with in any way, other than to kill.  No dialogue.  No choices.  No plot.  No NPCs.  Nothing.  Just enemies and puzzles.  And those puzzles?  Almost impossible to solve.  Many have no clues at all, so you must flip levers and press buttons and step on plates and walk through teleporters randomly, hoping you get lucky and ""solve"" the puzzle.  Other puzzles have clues half-way across the game world that you may or may not ever find.  I'm no stranger to puzzle-solving in RPGs, but I had to look up the answer to almost all of the puzzles in this game.  Half the game involves walking sideways along walls looking for switches...like a giant ""hidden object"" game.  And the charcters classes?  Make sure you look up the ""correct' way to build a party, because the ""wrong"" choices are devestating (i.e. your characters will not be able to survive later in the game).Summary:  This is not an RPG--it is a puzzle game, and the puzzles are awful."
,Recommended,251730,12501259,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Red Prince,"Legend of Grimrock 2 has definately made vast improvements over its predecessor.There are more classes, skills and a new race.Character creation has alot more portraits and more easy to understand skill pathway which much more ease of use.The level design is gorgeous, and is a complete change from the repeating corridors and shows a more unique and carefully designed environment, particularly in the very start of the game.The graphics are very visually appealing and well polished, dynamic day/night system makes areas look different and appealing in both dark and light, at night the game makes me fearful for what could be lurking around.Combat is much more fluid and fun with enemies that have different attacks than the next, keeping you always on your toes to figure out what the next enemy can do. The creatures all look uniquely designed and look amazing. There's even boss fights, absent in the previous game.New mechanics implemented to encourage exploration and discovery, with secrets hidden around the world as well as digging around to find treasure.Currently overall, this is LoG, but with alot more improvements both aesthetically and mechanically. Thanks devs for not letting me down with a great sequel!Finished the game on both endings, needless to say the game ends well and feels good from start to finish."
76561198021239495,Not Recommended,251730,15222192,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kory_333,"My impressions from this game are conflicting. On the one hand:+great, vivid graphic+ old school RPG gameplayOn the other hand:- way TOO MANY puzzles. You gotta solve them not just to open secrets, but to move to the next levels - and there are really lots of them - buttons, plates, portals, locks etc. Sometimes it feels like game itself is a puzzle, not an RPG.- level design - yeah, visual part is great, but objects placement within the locations often makes no sense and only serves to create a labyrinth to push party through.All in all it's not so bad (actually great, if you like solving puzzles), but I will think twice before buying next part (if there will be one)."
,Recommended,251730,20330612,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,RED-FROG,Awesome game.-Lands of Lore: The throne of Chaos (1993) has been one of my first PC games in my life and this one comes close.I only wish there was some dialogue in my party or talking with NPCs. But there is nothing like that.
,Recommended,251730,17324691,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lomeo,"In an industry riddled with companies releasing buggy unfinished games, milking their customers with shallow dlc and indie developers making nostalgia pandering shlock, Legend of Grimrock 2 stands as a shining example of the game done right. Ready out of the gate, working, polished product that knows its strengths and weaknesses, it manages to present an old school dungeon crawling experience made with modern standards and excel at it. For a fair price of 24 dollars you going to get a fulfilling product that provides around 30 hours of gameplay, with free dungeon editor and a bunch of well done community made maps.Compared to its predecessor Legend of Grimrock 2 is doing well to learn on past mistakes and improves itself in many areas: boss fights are now more varied and interesting, level design isn't as convoluted but still contains many secret areas, leveling and class systems provide more room for experimentation, and the whole open world twist is just a great finishing touch.As with the previous title, each area contains many puzzles and secret areas, so if you're really into treasure hunting you gonna have a good time.Overall all, I give Legend of Grimrock 2 a heavy recommendation and Almost Human Games deserve some applause for doing so many things right, where others have failed."
,Recommended,251730,13948666,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Wandering Chronicler,"Wonderful. Hard. Ruthless game. Sometimes, TOO much hard, but the effort invested in every puzzle, combat encounter or labyrinth for the long awaited reward makes your time worthy enough.This is the best dungeon crawling game in the actual panorama so far."
,Recommended,251730,15302403,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,gullevek,"If there is a game that really is allowed to call itself ""2"" then it is this one. While I really loved Legend of Grimrock, this one is in all ways so much more great.The basic premisise is the same, you walk on squares, you are a group of four and you fight against monsters and solve puzzles.But there it ends, now you are not only in a dungeon but also outside. Day/night cycle, better and more interesting puzzles, swimming in water too, better character advancement, more species to select from, and so on and so forth.Really highly recommended."
,Recommended,251730,14382243,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nick,"I'm making this review just because LoG2 was that awesome. It deserves more love and more sales for being such a polished and well thought out game. I bought it for $20 and they easily deserved way more of my money. I have no  clue why it has less than a 1,000 reviews, when other developers put in half the time and love into their game and become famous just because of Youtube. Buy this game if you are a true gamer that enjoys a challenge."
,Recommended,251730,14694810,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SajBear,Its just as good as the first one...but more more more more more more content!
,Recommended,251730,14281529,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Janine (Draak),"I was skeptical about the transition to an outdoor environment in this game, but they've done an amazing job of it. The environments are beautiful and immersive, and I honestly can't come up with any significant complaints more than halfway through the game. It's very challenging at times, but not in a way that makes me want to quit instead of trying again and pressing forward.Well worth the full price, and a steal on sale. If you haven't played the first one yet, get the bundle and do that too!"
76561197970649200,Recommended,251730,20889200,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,danpaladin,"Much better than the first.  Good improvements to spell casting, but even better improvements with the overall layout itself.If an area is too frustrating to either fight through or figure out, you can just go to another.  The main map is basically the castle you want to get into in the middle of everything else.  You'll always come back to that junction one way or another.  In Grimlock 1, it was linear and disallowed that sort of thing.Great additions, like a persistent enemy that you can eventually outsmart.Only real negative for me was that it felt like a demand in terms of what kind of team I'd have to build.   I had to bring 2 of one type just to win the fights with any sort of chance.  It wasn't immediately obvious, but once I figured it out the game didn't give me all that much trouble, but anything other than that was too challenging to survive.  For me at least.The only other bummer was that 2 solutions in the game completely stumped me due to me not knowing a feature.  I just didn't know you could do it.  So I did ""cheat"" for those 2 instances by looking them up.I was unable to complete Grimlock 1, but I was able to win Grimlock 2 (though I bypassed an entire region due to not being able to figure out how to access it).Enemies can spawn again, which allows for some grinding.Overall it was very true to the old genre and added some exciting features."
76561198047759861,Recommended,251730,14294452,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,josephdw106,I have both LOG and LOG2 and will say that both are outstanding in just about everyway!  Its got tons of puzzles (serious thinking required)and good time consumption for your money at a reasonable price.  I also enjoy that the game has i decent difficulty setting as it should never feel as if things are easy....by the way for those that haven't played LOG its got a very interesting combat system where you have to click on weapons/spells to activate them with cooldowns while being in a realtime system from a first person perspective...also you aren't ment to go head to head with enemies as you will most surely die you need to practice heavily maneuvering while attacking almost as if combat is a puzzle as well.  There is enough in LOG and LOG2 that you can actually skip some puzzle areas and still beat the game making well for several playthroughs and not being bored!!!
76561198043299847,Recommended,251730,15676349,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,HighGrove,"I must say, this is the best rpg I've ever played. I'm serious, this is one of the few (if not the only) game I would give 10/10. It has a wonderful world, amazing gameplay and atmosphere like no other game. Simply amazing."
76561198065175434,Recommended,251730,15695669,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Picnic,"My first playthrough was Hard Insane Ironman, not a boring moment ever. Loved it. 10/10"
76561198024505662,Recommended,251730,12559600,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Finn Kaenbyou,"I was up until 1am the night I finished this game. An RPG that tests your thought beyond just number crunching, it has some of the most satisfying puzzles I've ever seen in a video game. There are minor problems that you may need to consult a guide for, but overall it's an immensely satisfying experience from beginning to end. Easily one of my favourite games of 2014 and quite possibly all time."
76561197976606392,Recommended,251730,13034381,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BobDinosaur,It is dungeon in killing
,Recommended,251730,12666264,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DastardlyDave,"Classic RPG elements and beautiful environments blended with satisfying puzzle solving.Although I never played the first Legend of Grimrock, it did not stop me from getting this gem of a game. Luckily no knowledge of the predecessor is required to enjoy this game. It does help if you know the core concept though, as the game never holds your hand apart from at the very start. The semi-turnbased classic RPG elements are not for everyone, as it does require strategic thinking while in combat, especially later in the game. The game often does not show any mercy in unexpected tough situations. It challenged me and kept me immersed at all time, which I greatly enjoyed. An aspect that I personally had great fun with is the puzzles. These puzzles are hardly ever straightforward and really make you think. Look around for clues. Any secrets? What does this text mean? And when you finally find the solution, you feel like a master of puzzlesolving.There are some things that bother me. Some monsters seem just too strong in comparison to other in the same area. It catches you off guard, making you think you can take on the area while you definitely cannot. Also I think accuracy is always quite a bothersome thing for me. My characters keep missing their attacks, making me frustrated at times of danger. This is a common mechanic in classic RPGs so I just have to get used to it I suppose. And finally, although I love the concept of tilebased movement, it did take me a while to fully grasp it and gave me some issues along the way. In the end, mostly small subjective complaints.Finally, I absolutely love the level editor. As a level designer, I greatly enjoy this feature and it definitely was one of the selling points for me.I recommend this game to all hardcore players who enjoy a beautiful and expansive classic RPG."
76561198032178177,Recommended,251730,12741785,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Peksi,Improves on everything from the first game. I recommend this for everyone who's interested in oldschool RPGs and/or puzzle games.
,Recommended,251730,12601775,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Fenr,"With Legend of Grimrock II, Almost Human shows how sequels are supposed to be made. There's more of everything and almost everything's better.New outdoor areas, while basically being just dungeons with different tilesets, add a breath of fresh air to the dungeoncrawling. There's couple of rather annoying puzzles, but the dozens of others are brilliant and just as mindtwisting than in the first game. What's better this time is that even if you get stuck on a puzzle, you are free to go elsewhere as there's a lot more freedom to explore the island than there was on first Grimrock's mountain dungeon.Character creation and advancement also has a lot more freedom. More classes, one more race, numerous skills that every class can learn. Nothing stops your fighter learning magic as long as he has a staff to can cast spells from. You can even create a plate-wearing and sword-wielding frontline battlemage.Combat is more challenging and while it still encourages dancing around the opponent in the grid-based movement system, now some foes react surprisingly and have a lot more tricks up their sleeves. Okay, the undead are still stupid.New Grimrock is an oldschool, niche game, but it's so well made that it's worth a look even if the genre doesn't interest you. And if it does, why are you reading this? Go play!"
76561198126437443,Recommended,251730,12650339,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"More content than Destiny and half the price, 10/10In all seriousness though, I had no idea this was coming out. I was surprised and excited to see it in the Steam store.The first Grimlock was awesome. So far, this is even better. Best release I've played so far this year."
76561198014839167,Recommended,251730,12714044,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mad Mod,much better tan the first and the first was amazing
,Recommended,251730,12803244,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,helly gnom,Keeps a lot of the positive things from Grimrock 1 but builds upon character complexity and feels a lot more open. Be menaced by crabs and scrape your face against walls looking for secret buttons!
,Recommended,251730,12633697,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Stargoat,"Far and away better than the already really quite good original, what you have in Grimrock 2 is an excellent dungeon crawler style rpg - the focus being on combat and puzzle solving in a grid-based, first person fashion.The combat is improved over the original, but it's still slightly wonky. While the AI is better, you'll still spend most of your fighting time exploiting its behaviour since a straight up fight will almost always end badly.Where Grimrock 2 really shines, however, is in the exploration and puzzle solving. Gone is the multi-level, single dungeon, where you now have something almost reminiscent of legend of zelda; a roughly open world, where your progression is primarily driven by your ability to explore and solve puzzles.And those puzzles, you say? Some of the best I've seen in games. While many are challenging, none have inexplicable leaps in logic, and every future puzzle is building on what you've learned previously. Clues are not as obscenely cryptic as in la mulana, but give just enough information for your mind to leap at the solution. There hasn't been a point in the game so far where I've been stuck with no-where to go, and yet many of the puzzles have me feeling like a genius on their solution. The balance of difficulty of the puzzles is meticulous.Buy this game. It's real good."
,Recommended,251730,12601577,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,smashington,"Like its predecessor, Legend of Grimrock 2 is a tribute to the grid-based dungeon crawlers of yore. Unlike LoG1, however, which was very straight-forward (or straight down, I should say), LoG2 goes for a more open exploration approach. This both works and doesn't work.It works in giving you the impression that there's always something you've yet to discover elsewhere - hidden treasure, the way to access the next dungeon, the solution to that one puzzle you just can't figure out. It is frustrating, however, when you're not sure whether you already have the means to complete a puzzle in the area you're in or whether the clues you possess apply to a puzzle in an entirely different area. You also can't tell which puzzles are necessary to progress in the game.The puzzles are mostly very well designed and more varied than in LoG1, partly thanks to the expansion of puzzle mechanics - for instance, a ""level"" can now have multiple levels (floors) within it. Towards the end, there are a few puzzles that seem a bit obscure.The gameplay has been polished from Grimrock 1. The enemy design is now better suited to the apparent effectiveness of the side-stepping strategy that could be used to dominate almost any enemy in LoG1 - movement during combat is no longer breaking the game, instead, it is necessary to survive. The skill and spell systems have been reworked. There's much more variety in environments and when exploring the outdoors, the graphics are honestly quite pleasant to the eye.The lack of hand-holding has its pros and cons. The feeling of accomplishment after completing a difficult puzzle is uncomparable, but when the difficulty of the puzzles is combined with the open exploration aspect, there is a high possiblity of frustration in not knowing where to go. Still, Grimrock 2 is a great improvement over its predecessor and a worthy contender for being the best dungeon crawler of all time."
,Recommended,251730,12680462,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SeCor[RU/ENG],"Utterly brilliant.  ""Most of the time, I have been like a pig in a lifetime’s supply of the very finest quality♥♥♥♥♥♥ revelling in the complication, and celebrating victory over it. "" (c) John Walker, RockPaperShotgun."
76561197995631533,Recommended,251730,13347574,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Talon,"10/10Simply put, its the best dungeon crawling game I have ever played.  Bethesda makes the best open world games.  Almost Human makes the best dungeon crawler games.  Rich landscapes and monsters.  Devious traps and puzzles.  Enemies you have to think about strategically, and a host of different ways you can build a strong party of adventurers.  Want secrets? Try to find all 77 without a guide. Have fun!"
,Recommended,251730,12650535,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Breaker,The best indie RPG - Maze game 10/10This game offer :-Good Gameplay-Great grafical look-The backstory is always excellent-Puzzles how make u intellingent (sarcasm)-Great combat system-50% Open world 50% Dungeons-World explorationGreat secuel! I love this game !! <3
76561198055779139,Recommended,251730,25419863,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Lotan,"I have always loved the Might & Magic series, the whole idea of creating your own party of 4 and adventuring to unknown lands is not only exciting but so much fun. Well, when i saw Legend of Grimrock, i gave it a try, loved it. Got legend of Grimrock 2 thinking it couldnt get any better than the 1st. Boy was I wrong! This game revived the dungeon crawler genre and held nothing back. After about 30 hours of stressful inventory managemnt and mind boggling puzzles and riddles, I did it. I absolutely love this game and would recommend to any fantasy dungeon crawler fans out there. Legend of Grimrock 3 here we come! I hope."
,Recommended,251730,12651175,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Land Lord,"Grab a cup of tea, headphones and a blanky cuse its about to get comfy."
76561198024592712,Recommended,251730,13675373,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BoomerRobinson,"This game is 100 x better than the 1st ♥♥♥♥♥, see a turtle smack a ho, once you smack a ♥♥♥♥♥ you get that ♥♥♥♥♥s meat  yo thats some cray♥♥♥♥♥shit ♥♥♥♥♥ you can eat that good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, hey mom whats for lunch, MOTHA ♥♥♥♥ING TURTLE MEAT ♥♥♥♥♥ , if you think that aint enough We got muskets ♥♥♥♥♥, pop a ♥♥♥♥♥ once and reload that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, oh you dont like muskets ♥♥♥♥♥, well we got motha ♥♥♥♥ing bows ♥♥♥♥♥ straight balling on these hoes , 10/10 you better buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198008597223,Recommended,251730,13113556,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ScottE,"A fantastic game that is much better then the original.  Not that the original is bad, but this is a good evolution of what they did originally.  It's tough and if you prefer to focus on the puzzles I suggest playing on Easy as the combat can be brutal.  If you don't like puzzles then this game is definitely not for you.  Some of them are extremely hard to figure out and you'll be running around trying to find clues.  I confess I've looked online more then once to get help.  I think a few are a little obscure but if you really want to, I think everything can be eventually worked out.Highly recommended."
76561197962248384,Recommended,251730,12909256,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,han*,"Love it! Riddles that make sense, great atmosphere and intense fights. There will be moments when you will hate the game..but it still makes you come back for more. Dont forget to F5."
76561198030786790,Recommended,251730,12838320,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,jamesc70,"I grew up with the original Wizardry, which had two colors (black and white), and the UI was basically up+down arrow to select attack options or selling at town. You could move in four directions only, and every 'cell' was a simple box outline with white being the wall edges. I loved it.Legend of Grimrock 2 uses the same four directional movement, but in a modern crafted world. The first game was confined to a giant dungeon, but this one spreads out over multiple themed areas, and many dungeons. Enemy movement and combat has been improved also.Solving puzzles is as important to gameplay as actual battle in LoG2, and what sets it apart. It is satisfying to figure a puzzle out, and often rewarding with good gear. Almost like a Myst game with a combat side; or if you are an older gamer like me, bliss."
76561198071338272,Recommended,251730,12879908,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cerbíal,"Excellent turn based RPG. Played the first which was great but this improves upon it immensely. Lots more items, more monsters, more puzzles.....never got bored for a second. 9.5/10"
76561198061331481,Recommended,251730,12840367,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Shadow87,"YOU THERE. yes you, sitting in your chair wondering about this game. I am maybe halfway done and I am still loving this game. The puzzles keep you thinking, and going back and forth and make you actually think. Some are easy, some take an hour. From the satisfaction from a small secret switch for extra loot, down to the jump scares of random enemies. This game is a BUY BUY BUY"
,Recommended,251730,12793814,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ThaSlade,"Simply one of the best games i have ever played, and thats much."
,Recommended,251730,12664236,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,TripSin,If you liked the first you obviously need to get this. Great sequel. Improves and expands off the first.Can't really think off any significant negatives other than I hated when it that it had to end!
,Recommended,251730,12855961,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bad News Brad,"This series of game is a must play for anyone looking for that old school rpg dungeon crawler experience of yor, but updated with fantastic graphics and subtly dynamic gameplay. This sequel is even more beautiful and expansive than the first. Play it!!"
,Recommended,251730,14888168,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Enoch Dagor,"Excellent sequal to a game. LoG2 expands on everything providing classes, more skills, more unique creatures to fight, better AI, different fighting strategies, more puzzles, everything. It really is a HUGE improvement over its predecessor.There were many points where I felt like I was playing a D&D crawler / Myst / Riven hybrid.Excellent game. Would definitely recommend it. If you even kind of enjoyed LoG, you will thoroughly enjoy this."
,Recommended,251730,32518686,Posted: 17 June,all,dogtrash,"Very interesting genre with challenging puzzles, very immersive."
76561198022788835,Recommended,251730,12636522,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Drink-Drank-Drunk,Fantastic dungeon crawler! if you liked LOG1 you will love this one.
76561198004431735,Recommended,251730,12569486,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,feldor,"If you liked the first one, you will like this second one too :) It is the so called ""old school"" game like Dungeon Master. Not much has changed here and I think that is good. Could use more character selections though, but there is a new addition which is a farmer, who gets experience by eating... Love that and chose that as one of my characters :)Anyway, nothing new here but what is good, still is imo.Cheers..."
,Recommended,251730,12516916,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Terril,"I've played 12 hours at a friend, and so far we've had a blast!Hard puzzles, mobs that range from funny to scary and a Wilson orb!You can really see that there has been a lot more put into this than the first one, and it's absolutely amazing!Buy it, and play it if you like the old school RPG's!I certainly plan to make a few good dungeons in this!"
,Recommended,251730,12506470,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Ruazihtlab,"So far so good, enjoying the new setting and the open feel of the world with the outdoor textures, the game has crashed once after about an hour, going to try fiddling with the settings until an update clears that up.I will update the review as I playMODES +-OLD SCHOOL for the added punishment of having to hand draw your map on paper-IRON MAN means you can only save at blue crystals-SINGLE USE CRYSTALS for my fellow masochists-OLD SCHOOL IRON MAN SINGLE USE CRYSTALS for people who thought Dark Souls was far too easy and wish they could find something with a little more challengeSURVIVAL +-Injury mechanic now means you can lose use of an arm, legs, regeneration of health and energy, can be cured with Blue crystals and I imagine there will be a potion i have yet to discover as well-Food and Potion ingredients can now be farmed with the new farmer and alchemist class allowing for extended gameplay and new playstylesWORLD +-The new world is primarily on the island of Grimrock instead of the interior of the mountain in the previous installment. The textures are a little under par for games these days but for 800MB download it's pretty good. within the first hour you'll experience a beach, a crypt and a forest, just to show the diversity of area's on offer so far.CHARACTERS ++-Characters have been overhauled and so far i can't complain, more classes and an extra race open up the party formation and can take a lot of thought depending on your play style,-The new ratling race is more for storage and less combat focused-Alchemist class grows plants for potions and uses firarms-Battle mage class is a combination of a mage and a fighter-Farmer class for food, not much else...-Fighter class weapon skill focus-Berserker class health and damage focus-Knight class health and armour focus-Rogue class for throwing, dual wielding and bows/crossbowsLEVELLING +-Stat points are now automatic and depend on your class, I don't mind this as it simplifies the process without taking anything away from the game-Stats can be improved by having a healthy diet specific to the race of character-Skills are now all open to every class and have 5 tiers with ability unlocks at certain tiers, for example accuracy skill tier 2 allows for attacking with melee from the back rowEXPLORATION +-Can feel a little different at first with the new setting but just start wandering and remember to check every wall and every square of the map-Underwater and you can catch fishy's, though they are our friends, not food (you can eat them)COMBAT ++-Melee feels a little slowed down, be it very fractional, less spammy, more impact, makes kiting a little more difficult, still just as fun (might just be my impression as it is very subtle)-Ranged seems to have been expanded with the addition of guns and bullets as well as what seems like a larger variety of weapons.-Spell system has been overhauled, you no longer click a combination of the 3x3 spell panel, but draw a line in one motion, I imagine this would be more for touch based devices but it works fine and streamlines the job of casting.MONSTERS ++ (X2 Pirate bonus)-Feels balanced for early levels, not to hard to beat, not a cake walk.-Yet to find a monster being reused from Grimrock 1-First Boss was quite fun-Pirate theme, pirate ratsMAP EDITOR-Yet to try, but can't wait with all the new features in game alone it should be a blast"
,Recommended,251730,12515224,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Paidian,"This is the very first game that I've pre-ordered and when I did that, I was pretty sure that it was going to worth it.I couldn't be more right.This game, like Legend of Grimrock 1, is an old-school dungeon crawler in which you create a party with four characters and...well crawl through dungeons :) But this time, the game is built on a HUGE area which covers both above and under ground areas. I'll be comparing this with LoG 1 but you'll get the idea even though you haven't played the first game.1-) I loved how day and night cycle of the world. First game takes place in an underground dungeon so the player has no idea whether it's day or night time.2-) There are more classes and a whole new skill system. I don't know whether you'll like the new system or not but I think it's simple and elegant with 5 skill levels and milestones that provides you with additional abilities (for example; you get dual wield (yes we have dual wield option now) ability at 3rd level of light weapon skill.3-) In my opinion the game is way harder than the first one, but in a nice challenging way. Also the puzzles seem to be more sophisticated and somehow makes you feel like a genius when you solve them.I think these are the main differences of LoG 2. If you liked playing the first game or interested in old-school RPGs than this game is an awesome pick for you.Note: The date of this review is 16.10.2014 and the game is out for a day now. I'm saying this because there are some technical optimization problems with the current state of the game (like it has low frames at some areas) but I think this issue will be fixed with updates at a later date. Check this if you are reading this at a future time."
,Recommended,251730,12529386,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,meuse,Me like. It good.
,Recommended,251730,13680119,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RopeDrink,"Legend of Grimrock 2 will surprise you no matter whether you're fresh off the back of LoG1, are experienced with this style of game from the past, or are completely new to it entirely.The game is a ridiculously huge improvement from the first -- with a rich open world with copious amounts of surprises and secrets that will have you scanning every wall for those precious buttons, cracking codes scrawled on notes by long-dead adventurers, or chasing pesky leprochaun-like tricksters across the world while grabbing armfuls of hidden goodies along the way. Heck, it may even throw the occasional jump-scare to keep you on your toes if you find yourself fully relaxed and enveloped, like I was. Nope, I wasn't expecting that thing to jump at me, or to be ambushed during a nap.Make your adventure-squad and set-sail for puzzling fun. When you need a break, take on an impressive beastiary with swords, shields and spells. A lot of the old cast have returned - as have new ones. Combat can still be cheesed like before at times, though the game will throw trump cards at you if you rely too heavily on it - and there's some pretty nasty boss-battles in store to boot.Three out of two thumbs up for this relaxing-to-frustrating rollercoaster that'll have you fist-pumping on the completion of every puzzle or after emerging victorious from hard-fought battles.Loving it!"
,Recommended,251730,12580680,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"Eyepain and Headache simulator 2.Now Legend of Grimrock 2 is a great game and its a definite 'buy' if not now, then definitely when its on sale. Because its an 'experience' other games cant deliver.It plays like the 1st game only now its bigger, more open world, but retains the same charming essense of the 1st one, with the clever puzzles which make it feel rewarding when you solve them.The new character creation system is pretty baller and the new development is on par, making the game as enjoyable as ever and adding things to it.Now the problem is the ♥♥♥♥ing pixel hunting. And i know some people like this sort of thing, i dont. I have bad eyesight and i dont enjoy looking for some tiny crack on the wall. all the time instead of enjoying the game.Oh sure you dont have to do it all the time, unless you are stuck  in the room there is no reason to do it. But then you wonder what kind of treasures could i have missed there...Its an old school dungeon crawler but while ages ago we could spam <space> and sometimes hit a switch without focusing poor eyes nonstop, now we cant do that.So my final rating would be 8/10 the game is badass and great. And 6/10 for those who hate pixel hunting and sometimes get home from work very tired and just want to have fun WHICH THEY WONT HAVE IN THAT GAME SINCE ITS NOT A RELAXING ONE.Definite buy though.  Enjoy the game guys!"
76561198044180061,Recommended,251730,19080534,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,:,"Hard, single-use crystals and ironman settings.10/10 would get rekt again"
,Recommended,251730,19466662,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Rotinajeht,"Its pretty good, its got puzzles and square dancing, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,251730,21544759,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,LongBeach Crip,best game au
,Recommended,251730,12501646,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sheep,It's simply the best dungeon crawler you can get
,Recommended,251730,13681560,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,mm9m9m9m9m9,avoid corners
76561198030725683,Recommended,251730,12519491,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ryleck,"A true masterpiece. for all hardcore rpg and dungeon crawler !! u miss game such eye of beholder. Wait no more, Grimrock 2 is for u !!! RPG at best !! puzzle at best. Game at best :) !! Almost human strike again, true masterpiece :) 100/100"
,Recommended,251730,12507617,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Frolo,I bought this game because the first one GrimROCKED and this one GrimROCKS.
76561198097438171,Not Recommended,251730,23124338,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,KingHades,"I really wanted to enjoy this game. I am a big fan of Wizardry: Tale of the Forsaken Land and Wizardry: Labyrinth of Lost Souls, but I just could not get into this game after playing for 10 hours. The combination of real-time combat and movement/ facing in a dungeon crawler in which you control the entire party and have to click on their individual abilities to use each and every one of them just struck me as really akward and clunky. Maybe I just prefer my first-person dungeon crawlers to have turn-based combat instead. I regret that it cost me $20 to learn that."
76561198007429338,Not Recommended,251730,20797628,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,taupo19,"Too much of a grind - walk around a corner, find puzzle - explore - meet baddies, die, F9, die, F9 die, F9 live, solve puzzle (Maybe) and repeat...No feeling of story or adventure - just grinding it out. Am bored with it after 20 hours."
76561198009447375,Recommended,251730,12742359,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,bluerat,"A superb game - improves upon the first game with brilliance and grace.In particular:- the RPG elements are smooth and highly flexible, allowing you to create quite diverse and powerful characters according to your playstyle. There are a wide variety of items available, with many interesting choices.- the puzzles are wonderfully satisfying and logical, and there is nothing better than that moment where you work out a puzzle you have spent ages on; even if you have those 'ohhhh why didn't  i think of that sooner' moments when you realise how logical it actually was. Some puzzles are really difficult (well at least to me), and one or two I have had to seek help on - there is no shame on occasion! :)Make sure you bear in mind that the game is grid based (in terms of how your party and enemies move around) in true old school fashion - I find this to be a positive feature, but others may not. For some reason one or two people have bought it without checking the nature of the game - all power to the grid! :)The game is far more 'open world' than the first game, allowing for exploration a little more than you might expect. You may find yourself going back and forth the same places a few times over some distance potentially. This is not necessarily a negative depending on how you see it, but I've seen it presented as such so I thought to mention it. Regardless, while it is sometimes irritating to go back and forth it is a very minor thing - the game rewards you for exploration and patience.If you like puzzles, RPG's and don't mind dying a fair few times as you learn (in a satisfying way) then this game is for you.Enjoy!!Oh, and beware the crabs!! ;P No seriously, beware! haha"
,Recommended,251730,12504091,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Polypusher Studios,Best game of this year. It feels so polished right from hitting the PLAY button. Wonderful stuff!
76561197985639455,Recommended,251730,12504988,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Hij@ck3r,"A true Grimrock II! I only scratched on the surface upto now, walked in the first levels, entered the first 2 dungeons, discovered stuff. So far i can say: It's beautiful, especially the dungeons - if i imagine a dungeon, thats it^^ grafics are really pretty, the cast shadows etc. The riddles are there, collecting stuff, finding secrets, searching walls for secret buttons. And even a first bossfight i got there. All stuff from the first part u will find here and even prettier. And on the other hand, many new stuff. Especially the outdoor-area, were u start and what u can see in the trailer. Can't wait for more.Till now, the riddles were very easy, but im still at the very beginning of the game - they are kind of tutorial-riddles, showing the non-grimrock player, how the monster is going.<> For all excited after watching the trailer: Buy it, im pretty sure, u will enjoy it -there are a good number of settings u can set at the beginning of the game to suit it ur experience or noobishness^^<> For all grimrock-Fans out there: Serious? Ur reading reviews here? Buy and enjoy the game, dude! ASAP! =)"
76561198008109819,Recommended,251730,12603309,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,OzoneGrif,"I really loved Grimrock 1 because it was a successful and nostalgic return to my beloved Dungeon Master. But Grimrock 1 wasn't perfect : it was short, the riddles were inconsistent sometimes, and overrall the game was too easy.Grimrock 2 is a huge step forward... an evolution so major it feels like a totally different game. The maps are huge and beautiful. The riddles and enigma are very well done and fun to solve, none is too difficult and they all make perfect sense. The monsters all have different behaviours, making them unique. The skill system is quite good, and all classes have their unique gameplay (I use a knight, a barbarian, an alchemist and a warmage).You are free to go anywhere, don't worry if the monsters are too hard to kill at first, just return in easier areas and explore, there are many hidden spots to discover. I'm almost at the end and everytime I enter a new zone, the ambiance changes in a very successful way.A lots of love has been put in Grimrock 2, if you like Dungeon Crawlers, it's a must have!"
76561198014840757,Recommended,251730,12736386,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,EDGE,fun game
76561198048093799,Recommended,251730,17960661,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Piranhawurm,"As awesome as the Legend of Grimrock 1. A lot of good and challenging but solveble riddles and puzzles, a lot of hard but fair fights and a nice story."
,Recommended,251730,12617848,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Moshcrates,"As a fan of the first LoG, I may be predisposed to enjoying this game. It takes me back to my childhood playing Ultima Underworld on my Uncle's computer when I would visit. So many hours spent enjoying that game in my younger years, and now so many hours spent enjoying this game in my adult life.The game is a fantastic ""old-school"" rpg dungeon-crawler. A spirtual successor to those Ultima games (and obviously the successor to the first LoG).I have about 50 hours played under my belt and am only on my second play through. The game is lengthy if you are interested in fully exploring the game. Searching walls for secrets, finding special gear, collecting achievements. The combat is great, and although relatively simple in some ways, some different enemy mechanics force you to switch up combat styles often.There are several different player classes and roles to choose from, so you can format your raiding party to your desire. There are an endless amount of combinations available considering the multitude of skills, races, and talents.I have heard some negative feedback concerning the replay value of this game, though I am not personally seeing that. I have completed the game once, and have now begun my second play through with a different group composition, and although I know where many of the zones/paths/secrets are, the game feels fresh playing with a different group. I have not even begun to look at the user created content yet, though I will be getting to that.All in all, if you are a fan of dungeon crawling RPGs, then you will not be disappointed with this game. At an incredibly fair price for the play value (as I said, 50 hours in now, and I paid ~$13 for it) this game has an large amount of RPG elements to enjoy. This is a MUST PLAY, and at the current price, don't even both waiting for a sale, just grab it now and get crawling."
,Recommended,251730,13537333,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Torinir,More fun than the original Grimrock. That should say it all.Now why haven't you bought this game already?
,Recommended,251730,12866424,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blueflame,"A very nice and exciting explorer game. Has some very nice ""peek-a-boo"" elements and great (and sometimes very frustrating) puzzles. Like the first, but better."
76561198025018987,Recommended,251730,12735413,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,wertz8684,Amazing game.  You won't be disappointed!
76561198061390687,Recommended,251730,12544871,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MRDRK1,"More equipment, more monsters, cool new spells, several new character classes, a new character race, improved skill sets, double hand slots, and more, and more, and more!  And It's still grid-based!  More freedom to explore means better chance of leveling up and getting better gear before you even go into the major dungeons!  More flexibility in play style allows for self-challenges for improved re-playability.  There will be challenging puzzles, but that's what the game is all about!  There is no reason not to get Grimrock 2!  (Especially if you already have played the first game!)"
,Recommended,251730,27262055,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bright Light Wright,Best game 10/10. Just play it already. Why are you reading this. Boo. Did i scare you?
76561197970964299,Recommended,251730,20695265,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Magick Mak,Better than the first LoG and better than the classics that inspired this game.
76561198001124257,Recommended,251730,25225076,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dr.Zhuki,"Enjoyed it much, from start to end of game. Thank you devs!"
,Recommended,251730,32800068,Posted: 25 June,all,3 Kilos,Thank you for wonderfull experience.
,Recommended,251730,31083272,Posted: 11 April,all,fl,"For what it is, Grimrock 2 goes beyond excellence and comes extremely close to perfection. It's virtually everything I love in an RPG, and I wasn't even a big fan of the first game. Tons of secrets, great character creation and levelling, pretty good balance and fair challenge and a great setting, it's absolutely incredible. While Grimrock 1 was arguably a nostalgia trip for fans of old-school CRPGs like Dungeon Master and Eye of the Beholder, Grimrock 2 is incredibly refreshing, completely captivating, and awe-inspiring to play, even for someone like me who hasn't played those earlier games.Definitely one of my favorite games I've ever played, now. It's a shame it hasn't gotten more attention and sold rather poorly, but even if a third game never gets made I'm fine with that. I doubt they could really top themselves on this one."
,Recommended,251730,16537672,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,251730,27747763,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Churrass,bretty good game i racomand it
,Recommended,251730,12564875,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Vux,"This is my first review on Steam ever. I had to post about this absolutely fantastic game. It improves on the original by leaps and bounds. The outdoor environments alone make it a must-play, doubly-so if you enjoyed the first Legend of Grimrock. The additional races, classes, traits, new ""skill"" system, weapons, BOSSES, and level of customization depth make this game incredible for anyone who enjoys single player RPGs. I purchased it yesterday and I'm already 10 hours in. What a great game. Don't wait for it to go on sale; it is THAT good. Or better yet, support this developer so they keep making amazing games like this one. This is by far the best game I've played all year.10/10."
76561198036719879,Recommended,251730,26943329,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flory,Awesome game
,Recommended,251730,20045910,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sharky [T],"Better than the first game. If you are into old-school dungeon crawlers, this game is a must have. I've had so much fun playing through it and I will do it again on hard mode, when I got the courage :P"
76561197987539375,Recommended,251730,14987422,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,bioxid.be,"30 hours into it, not even close from the end!I love it!"
76561198007278084,Recommended,251730,27695550,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JHaynes,Loving this. Real flashback RPG with great puzzles and atmosphere. 5/7
76561198026662949,Recommended,251730,23263831,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dopplershift,Grim but Rocky.
76561198042985233,Recommended,251730,27649510,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Keidot,"Graphics are nice, puzzles are alot of fun, fighting system is fiddly at times but good."
,Recommended,251730,27640971,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krono,Awesome dungeon crawling with lots of puzzles!
76561198029353032,Recommended,251730,26045447,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,CysteicAcid,Very good game. High quality.
,Recommended,251730,17812747,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Fly.K,Good !!
,Recommended,251730,12536094,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Alchemical Apples,10/10
76561197979099756,Recommended,251730,12587362,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,JazzyJet,"This game is a dungeon crawling masterpiece.  It leaves a lot open to interpretation and imagination which I like.  The general feeling is between a classic dungeon master style game and Myst.  The combat is suprisingly fast paced and interesting.When I started the game I found it really difficult to get started.  I wasn't happy with the races and found the beggining really difficult.  Because I wasn't doing much damage at the start and didn't quite understand the gameplay I reloaded a dozen times and remade characters a bunch.  This turned me off at first but I'm glad I muddled through as it was one of the most rewarding games I've ever played.My only other complaint was sometimes the logic on some of the puzzles didn't make sense or only had a very weird clue.  I love a mysterious puzzle but there is a thin line between logical puzzles and randomly guessing.  The guessing part gets old.  Anyways A++ game.  I'm extremely happy that a game with this old school feel has sprouted in the year 2014.-Pros -great combat (learning curve)Great envirement (absolutely perfect graphics for a crawler)Perfect sound (engaging but subtle)Great Dungeon creator kit and community (if you ever wanted to build dungeons like I did as a kid)Great puzzlesNever had a glitch, extremely refined game-Cons-Learning curveRaces aren't as flexible as I'd likePuzzles quite difficultMight turn you into a dungeon addict"
76561198016147624,Recommended,251730,12661666,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,singerete,"I love the theme, i love the feeling about this game, i love the mistery, the darkness of dungeons, i love everything. One of the best game i played in a long time."
76561197983941954,Recommended,251730,12983298,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hot Wings,This game is excellent.  Hours worth of clever puzzles and exploring in the main quest as well as endless amounts of hours working with the dungeon editor. This game is unlike anything else and is definitely one of my best purchases on steam. Out of the 78 games I currently own this is definitely one of the best. 5/5
76561198062647727,Recommended,251730,13503917,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,hbfin,I have enjoyed playing this game alot.
,Recommended,251730,12633179,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Fungal Growth,It will steal hours of your life and you will love it
,Recommended,251730,12697703,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Pieter,Fantastic!It's like the first game but bigger and better.
76561198026610889,Recommended,251730,13043788,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,knapsack,Very good. Much better than the first one and that's saying quite a bit considering how good the first one is.
,Recommended,251730,12626889,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Mefix,Amazingly balanced. Ubisoft and their crap of an excuse of Might and Magic can sit and cry in the corner. Grimrock series begin to shine among Might and Magic and Wizardry series. Eagerly waiting for more!
76561198027926622,Recommended,251730,12781321,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,那麼糟糕的玩家,"Better than the original in every way.  Puzzles are more interesting, combat is more varied (numerous enemies have counter-measures against the first game's circle-strafe tactic) and the environments are gorgeous.  Open-ended exploration added a great deal of enjoyment for me, and the bosses were tough, but fair and exciting.  A must-have for those who enjoyed the first game (and others, for that matter)."
76561198019823601,Recommended,251730,12964728,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,K33n3r,This game makes you feel like an idiot and a genius at the same time.
,Recommended,251730,13296601,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Raught,"I didn't think it could happen. This is better than the first one. and I was obsessed with the first one. Still play the first one, then this, but absolutly amazing. took me 25hours to beat it, and I enjoyed every second of it. Such an amazing game. If they don't make a Grimrock 3, I will be so sad :(PLAY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,251730,13417954,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Silvantes,"Pros: It improves almost everything about the first one in everyway. More enemy variety, more puzzles to solve, and many different levels to explore. The game is much longer than the first with more secrets, puzzles, and epic weapons to find.There are more classes and races to choose from and the skill system has been improved. It is much simpler for the player to see the effects of each skill point.Dungeon crawling is satisfying with clever, if not frustrating at times, puzzles along with plenty of combat.Cons: Unlike the first one, the Grimrock 2 is more non-linear. Progress at times can be hard to gauge because of all the different levels to tackle, as well as some puzzles requiring hints from multiple levels.Mimics have a tendency to scare the daylights out of you.In short: If you enjoyed the first one, then you will very much enjoy the second one. Some may find the non-linear nature annoying yet others will in turn love it. You do not need to have played the first one to enjoy the second one, both games have self contained stories."
76561198156002920,Recommended,251730,12687540,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,RagingRasteler,"pretty fun, it has a good mystery feel to it defenitly worth buying if you like games with adventure and mystery..."
,Recommended,251730,12709675,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,GROpwel,"One of the best RPG experience this year. Every time I step in the game, I have EPIC moments and tight combats and greater powers, it's just so satisfying and efficient as a design. This game makes me feel so smart and skilled, probably more than I really am, but that's the pinnacle of good game design right there. The game is huge as well, filled with content and love, so well crafted. If you missed that cool sense of loneliness and lost from the old Metroid games you'll find it here. I cannot tolerate playing this game with any lights on in the room. PLEASE Almost Human, don't stop at two titles. There is simply no games like this nowadays.This game also got the GF stays awake seal of approval"
,Recommended,251730,12751741,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Credge,"This is my favorite game to be released in a long, long time. For a one time playthrough you're paying, around $1.00 to $1.50 per hour of gameplay.There are only a few puzzles that are a little too obtuse (cemetery and pyramid entrances, for example), but otherwise the game is flawless. There are some insanely smart puzzles, fights, and encounters. The game is well balanced. One drawback, though, is that you'll need a caster of some kind to complete the game. There are a handfull of puzzles that require you to have one.No game has immersed me like this has in a long time. The last game to do that was Batman: Arkham Asylum. If you like RPG's, puzzle games, or interesting combat, you should pick up this game."
76561197976290548,Recommended,251730,12586404,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Uncle Mojo,"Excellent old school dungeon crawler (which doesn't just stay inside the dungeons). Much improved from its predecessor, LoG1. Highly recommended!"
76561197961689516,Recommended,251730,12597462,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,PHJF,Bigger and Better in every way over its predecessor.
,Recommended,251730,12597671,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,SaltySeaWolf,"An absolutely marvelous game! Even better than the first one, with outdoor exploration ,creepy dungeons, a tested fight system , complex riddles and tasty loot GR2 will deliver to all RPG enthusiasts a hardly forgettable old school gaming experience."
76561197989683619,Recommended,251730,12605879,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,JakeOct,"Legend of Grimrock 2 has some sweet atmosphere that will put you on the edge of seat as your breathing slows and your eyes start to focus on what's just around the corner of that deep, damp dungeon you're just barely scraping through.I completed the game twice, first time through with the ""short"" ending and the second time to get the ""longer"" ending. It was super satisfying each time through, especially with different class load outs."
,Recommended,251730,12649655,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Zeex,"If you liked the first game, you'll love this game. It is a direct upgrade in every way possible to its predecessor.If you didn't like the first game, then you'll still probably like this game... Unless you're *that* kind of person that hates grid-based combat."
76561198042472286,Recommended,251730,12981680,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,wrt.King,This game just rocks the house! 'Nough said!
76561198042908193,Recommended,251730,13034462,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fuibo2k,"This is honestly one of the best games ive ever played. it has great, awe inspiring graphics, great, difficult, and well thought out puzzles. it is like playing baulders gate, but in first person. the story isnt a focus in this game, there is an underlying story, but it isnt much. i strongly recomend it to anyone who likes any type of rpg games and has a decent ammount of time."
,Recommended,251730,13152566,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Drahkken,"A fantastic adventure and RPG.  Solid story/gameplay elements.  Great puzzles (some too obtuse including a story mission or two) and some impossible enemies unless you happened to find the right secret or build your mages right.  With these oversights, I'd still highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251730,13173466,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zetta,Although the game certainly has solid combat and storytelling level of detail put into the world is what makes it extraordinary.  It is amazing that the developers put so many secrets into the game even though they were most certainly sure that no one player would ever uncover them all on their own.
,Recommended,251730,13269448,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Shadowdevourer,This game does what Eye of the Beholder 2 did for Eye of the Beholder 1. It's so amazing that I cant stop playing. I am so glad the Dungeon Crawler genre is back and I can't wait for more games like this. Simply perfect !!!
76561197993218985,Recommended,251730,13407312,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Posle39e,"Charming, beautiful, awesome!Despite being very simple in many aspects, one of the best RPGs for the last decade."
76561198040277062,Recommended,251730,12601393,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TheMockery,"This game is a real gem. The developers clearly improved the already good predecessor with some great features. The game offers more  options to personalize your party by adding a new race (5 total) and 5 new classes  (8 total).  The  fact that the skills are available to all characters leaves room for some interesting builds.The nonlinear structure of the game after the first map is really great. It is now possible to leave a difficult puzzle and explore other areas first and who knows maybe you find a hint for the hard puzzle on the way.The game rewards thorough exploration and has lots of hidden secrets waitng to be found by a keen eye or a reckless leap.The gameplay is challenging, but never unfair and it gives the player a great deal of satisfaction once a hard fight is won or a tricky puzzle is solved.In my opinion its one of the best games released this year and its sheer size puts many modern AAA-titles to shame. One of the best ways to spend 20 bucks. I really hope the included editor is used to keep new maps comming. Buy it and enjoy!"
,Recommended,251730,12659951,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Folleo,Good RPG with its own style
76561197999731317,Recommended,251730,12675531,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sol,"Many peopel have said everything I could possibly say about LoG2. Its an amazing game and the amount of content you get for less than 30 dollars is astounding.However, if you get motion sick in the slightest you might have a hard time with this game. The dungeons are long narrow corridors and are often peppered with wall switches that open secret areas. My tactic has been sliding along the walls examining each one. About 3 hours in I entered a dungeon and within about 15 minutes of doing this I started to feel strange, and around 30 I had to stop or I felt I would have vomited. I have never been motion sick in my life so this was a new experience. Just thought I should let everyone know.Happy Dungeon Crawling!"
,Recommended,251730,12704715,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,James🍁,"This first-person dungeon crawler manages to look beautiful while incorporating the best features of an ancient genre. An absolute must-play for old school gamers who are fond of complex puzzles and some high-quality RPG action. The inventory system is surprisingly user-friendly (without being simple), and the open-world grid is definitely an improvement on the level-based model of the previous installment. Last but not least, the game enjoys competent writing which makes for some very effective storytelling. All in all, one of the best games in recent years, as far as I'm concerned.~Potato"
,Recommended,251730,12712087,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,FlipKos,I put on my robe and wizard hat
,Recommended,251730,13353831,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,[88th] ColPresumptuous,"While my Steam profile doesnt show it ive raked up a fair ammount of time in the first LoG (Bought it outside of Steam) I both enjoyed and thought it was an excellent upgrading to an old and till then dead genre of game I fondly missed from my youth in the early 90's with games such as Eye of the Beholder 1/2 and Lands of Lore... perfectly crafted to catter to those oldies like myself who played it for the nostalgia factor and for those new players who might have been curious about the strange creature that is grid based, real time dungeon exploration...Having said that, LoG2 can be summed up in a single sentence...Better than the first in every regard.To expand, the atmosphere is better, the graphics are better, the mechanics better, challenge better, puzzles are better (although some are recycled or expanded upon from the first game) the monster you face are better, stronger, scarier (Bloody mimics make me jump every single damn time!.. always).So if you've played LoG and enjoyed it even a small amount dont pass up LoG2, you'll enjoy it even more... I still havent finnished it and while ive been careful im sure ive missed quite a lot in my journey around the Island, so ill deffinetly be going a second time once ive completed my first.But yeah, like LoG... get LoG2, its that simple. Won't be disappointed."
76561198023152540,Recommended,251730,12687477,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Animo,"I loved the original Legend of Grimrock, so as soon as I heard about the second one, I got excited. After a refresh on the gameplay and design of the original, I bought this and gave it a shot.Over 47 hours later of playing this game, I'm not disappointed. While combat is exploity, and it is hard to truly immerse yourself in a world of blocky movement, the design is gorgeous and exploration is fun.The customization of characters in the beginning of the game alone showed vast improvement from the original. There are more races to choose from, and more classes than characters allowed. It causes one to really think about how they want their party to look.Skills as well were improved, giving everyone access to all skills, and reducing the original 50 levels per skill to a simple 5, with check points so you might not even need all five points there.The puzzles themselves were challenging a lot of the time, to the point where I got frustrated and had to look up answers (I take no shame in looking them up, they were straining). But when it made those difficult puzzles that I solved by myself all the more rewarding.Highly suggested game, especially if you've already played and liked the original."
76561197989415260,Recommended,251730,13229946,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kora,"Legend of Grimrock 2. Having played Eye of the beholder in the 80's and not withstanding the advances in graphics and gameplay this was a welcome change. The sense of achievment when you figure out a puzzle and get that bit further into the game is great. Plenty of action, which once you come to grips with  the mechanics of the fight are fine. The graphics and just the pure addiction to the game will keep you occupied for many hours to come...Recomend this game to those who just fancy a pure dungeon adventure... enjoy."
,Recommended,251730,13347841,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Terioth,"The Legend of Grimrock 2 is something special. If you enjoy solving mind-bending puzzles, training a diverse group of characters, managing an addicting combat and inventory system, or feeling like you're traveling through an enchanting world, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,251730,12589318,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Jinxology,"Probably best that I just paste the email I sent Almost Human.  This game is a 10/10.""Congrats on making an absolute masterpiece!  I can't even tell you how much I've enjoyed this game thus far.  The puzzles are well thought out, clever, and devious.  The balance is superb.  The graphics are immersive, creative and just a pleasure to look at (especially the mimic!).  You have taken an age-old genre and improved it in ways I didn't think possible, while still keeping the spirit of those CRPGs 100% intact.Well done, I honestly just can't say enough good things about it.  I'm 20 hours in and the 20th hour was just as pleasurable as the first."""
,Recommended,251730,12650327,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,xXAinSophAurXx,"I was very excited for the first Grimrock, and remember playing it the day it came out with glee. It challenged me, intrigued me, and was thoroughly enjoyable...This game is not the same experience. I was not challenged like I was in the first, nor intrigued or found it enjoyable like the first. It went WAY BEYOND what I expected to feel and was FAR more challenging than the first, and thoroughly intriguing and and enjoyable by comparison to the first. This game makes the first Grimrock seem like a demo. Thats the best way to put it. Everything is streamlined, trimmed, made perfect. It is tough, but rewarding for when you succeed. It is filled to the brim with puzzles and challenges, treasures and secrets, magic and mystery. From breaking out of your cell in the first few seconds of the game to the climactic epic last battle, this game does not dissapoint even once. If you are perceptive, clever, and determined, then you will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,251730,12651258,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,eriX84,"I didn't play the first game, but I got this after watching a few Lets-Plays. First off, the graphics are AMAZING. The water is very realistic, the beaches are great, the forests are very atmospheric, and the dungeons have great atmosphere also. I've been playing on normal, and it's challenging while not being ridiculous, but also not too easy; I'll probably play through a second time on Hard with different races / classes.There are TONS of secrets! Some obvious, some you'll find completely on accident. I'm struggling to stop myself from looking things up but I have gotten completely stuck a couple times, but the game is still relatively new so trying to find answers to puzzles is a bit of a challenge, but it just makes you try to figure it out yourself more.I haven't checked out any workshop content seeing as the game is less than a week old, but I could see this being like Skyrim for me where I put 100+ hours into the game."
76561197976252336,Recommended,251730,13272292,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dopefish,"It's like the excellent predecessor, only bigger and better. If you're into oldschool dungeon crawlers like I am, then this is the game for you and for this price tag it's really a steal."
76561198027724317,Recommended,251730,12618022,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,dax616,"Way better than the first game -- seemed like same game from the videos and sceenshots but once I took the leap and risked the money and bought the game -- i quickly realized  thegeneral gameplay-puzzles-graphics-animation-ectera have improved greatly -- The mapping is how alldungeon crawlers should be -- Their needs to be a NEW WIZARDRY game come out--- it would make millionsbecause not enough games like this anymore. If this game had the complex item stats, expanded skills and traits like wizardry I would give it a 10/10 -- I say 8.5/10 --- good job."
76561198027241940,Recommended,251730,12585370,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mr[S]wagsley,♥♥♥♥♥♥hungry mermaids.
76561197965283579,Recommended,251730,12590975,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Kevorkian_Scarf,"I usually take IGN reviews with a grain of salt (ok... ok... a whole shaker) but this one for Grimrock 2 I thought was pretty spot on -http://www.ign.com/articles/2014/10/17/the-legend-of-grimrock-ii-review.Visually beautiful (how MM Legacy really should have looked, and could have... alas).  Combat AI is defiantely improved.  New classes and races are interesting.If you liked Grimrock 1 - get this... you will not be disappointed at all."
76561197984737819,Recommended,251730,12604987,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,No_SuRReNDeR,its good. very good. boss is... nvmd just play
76561198009072031,Recommended,251730,12614088,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Murre,GOTY
,Recommended,251730,12635850,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Mr. Krabs,"Excellent, exceeds the first game in every way imaginable.-The open world aspect of the game combined with the separate yet sizeable dungeons truly brings out what was somewhat crippling in Grimrock 1 which was the claustrophobic nature of the game.-The narrative is smoothly done without having too much information thrown at you at once.-The learning curve is steep, especially for beginners to the dungeon crawler/puzzle genre, but veterans and owners of the original Grimrock will be well at home with this game.-With the open world feature included in Grimrock 2 comes a huge overhaul in scenery and variety, whereas the first was restricted to repetitive textures.-More variety in classes and combat allowed for a more enjoyable experience as the game is tailored to your preference.-More secrets for you to search up on Google for. :^)- Also, you like music? Good. :^) The soundtrack complements the game in ways I can't possibly describe.My trouser vine was salty the entire playthrough.420/69"
,Recommended,251730,12640935,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,defekt,Yes.  Just- yes.
,Recommended,251730,12754413,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Xerxes,Outside and non-linear. Even better than the original
,Recommended,251730,12942912,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,luap.exe #watchmebroadcasting,Legend of Grimrock 2 is an awesome sequel to the game which revives the old school dungeon crawler genre.It takes everything good from the first game and improve it. One of the best features is that you explore a huge island which has many different dungeon instead of one dark dungeon.Another very awesome feature is the huge amount of secrets. The diversity is really awesome.Just grab a copy and start playing. You will enjoying it!
76561198024639998,Recommended,251730,13167774,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zio Topomouse,Fantastic game. A real old school dungeon crawler. Absolutely worth its money.
76561198076155989,Recommended,251730,13176175,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chicão das Neves,"I really recommend this game. Beautiful grafics, loyal RPG style, challenging puzzles, exciting story and lots of possibilities for your four characters and group. It reminds me kind of Final Fantasy and that classic style of it. In love with this game, I can say."
76561197971862518,Recommended,251730,13232757,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Doc Holiday,"Awesome sequel to it's predecessor following the RPG style of the old school Eye of the Beholder series.If you spent ages on these old games this one will not disappoint. So glad a team has re-created this type of dungeon crawler with all the elements of team creation, levelling up, gearing up, getting stuck and finally progessing further after a bit of messing about or you-tube heh.. Very nicely put together. Does justice in style by paying homage to the good old days and keeping this type of game alive.Steam cheevs too wooo"
,Recommended,251730,13276967,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,JMRante,"Yeah, this game is approximately perfect. Legend of Grimrock 2 is currently the pinnacle of the first-person, tile-based RPG. Like those types of games? It is then necessary you buy this. And seriously, what a huge expansion on the first game; this is how a sequel is done kids."
76561198003750193,Recommended,251730,13316252,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Maxire,Fantastic challenge and brilliant puzzles make this anti-themepark game a legend of a legend.  It'll toss you an unexpected jump scare every once in a while and a graphically beautiful scene to behold.  No shortage of enjoyment here!
,Recommended,251730,13408649,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,AK,"Another awesome title from Almost Human, which expands on the Grimrock legend.Now with outdoor environments, this release takes dungeon crawling out of the dungeon.The game is brilliant, if not a little too short for my taste. It has all of the classic aspects from the first game in the series and refines them even more.The real gem of this release is the Dungeon Editor where you can create your own maps and share them via the Workshop with other players. It is very easy to use and is extremely intuitive. I am currently working on my first dungeon and hope to release it soon."
,Recommended,251730,12591277,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Bing Boop Give Me Combos,"Haven't gotten in too much gametime but beat the first game, and to say LoG2 is an improvement would be an understatement. The more open-world style of the game combined with the new and ever-changing outdoor environments breathe new life into the retro style the game capitalizes on.For the 2 hours I've played so far, I'd say if it's what you're into, go for it. Maybe not worth $20, but nonetheless a great game.IMPORTANT: For potential buyers, this RPG is NOTHING like Skyrim, Gothic, or any other popular third or first-person RPG's on the market. This game is grid-based (your character moves on an invisible grid), there are MANY puzzles and the combat is not simply point-and-click. It's still a great game, but appeals to a slightly different audience."
76561197976729832,Recommended,251730,12599219,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Rotten Jamppa,You like dungeon crawlers? This is the best you can get!Puzzles are great and the game doesnt hold your hand or think that you are stupid!10/10
76561197989417563,Recommended,251730,12656409,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,deka (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,Really really nice game.Oldschool RPG with riddles all over the place.
76561197970411429,Recommended,251730,12660760,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,RobX,Simply Excellent! Brings back good old memories of Dungeon Master!It's also better than Legend of Grimrock 1 and features much more varied environments compared to it's predecessor.
,Recommended,251730,12698741,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,RustyNailGun,"Just a flat out fun game.  Definately nostalgic but also up to date.  Puzzles are fun and can be difficult.  This is not a fun game for someone that likes to read a guide.  It will just be boring if that's the way you play.Very similar to the first but with a much larger play area, more options and capabilities and some of the minor annoyances gone (like having to reuse bottles in alchemy).Just loved the game.  Dissapointed that it ended.  Can't wait for Grimrock 3 (hopefully, there will be one)!"
,Recommended,251730,12597818,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,KittyChaos,"Grimmer, Danker."
,Recommended,251730,12594212,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Jherek,"An old school game in the mould of 'Eye of the Beholder'  but it goes way beyond in terms of gameplay, graphics and atmosphere. Well recommended. If you own 'Legend of Grimrock' this is a no brainer purchase. It's a worth sequel. Very addictive. Great puzzles and combat."
76561197971493712,Recommended,251730,12780859,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,The Cownciler,"If you ever played Dungeon Master back in the old days and giggled with anticipation at Legends of Grimrock then Grimrock 2 is everything you want. This is a solid rpg dungeon crawler that lets teh nostalgia wash over you and not leave you with that dirty feeling of 'what have I done' The game keeps giving with its simple interface, curly puzzles and familiar combat tactics. Buy it play it, use the editor to make more of it. 2 thumbs up and a creepy jesus smile for this one."
,Recommended,251730,13128027,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Blackhaven,"Legend of Grimrock 1 was a very good game.Legend of Grimrock 2 is a lesson for developers on how to do a sequel for a very good game. There are many ways in which 2 is better than 1, and not a single one in which it is worse.Dual wielding, a much better alchemy system (thank god), better skill trees (you don't wish for the ability to respec anymore), open-world (kinda), 2-handed weapons, charge attacks replacing the rng-determined specialattacks of the first game, firearms (which function quite differently from bows or crossbows), underwater movement, outdoor environments (there's still lots of the good old indoor dungeon environments, too), and much more.Essential in your game library."
,Recommended,251730,21661191,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rax Savvage,"All i can really say is, this is mein kind of game.and that i reccomend it."
76561197960960010,Recommended,251730,12587171,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Boomstar,I'm not great at writing lengthy reviews. But still wanted to recommend this game. It is everything you loved about the original but better. The enemies are slightly smarter and faster. The puzzles more frequen and interesting.  The envirmoments more vibrant and and varied.If you liked the first one get this game right now.
,Recommended,251730,27405227,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,somethingSTRANGE,"Like its predecessor, this game rocks. Actually, it GRIMROCKS!"
,Recommended,251730,22760342,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,keybearer,Gotta scratch that old Might & Magic itch. Wished they'd tone down the puzzles/secrets bit a little though.
76561198086919125,Recommended,251730,18258834,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,David™,It's like skyrim 20 years ago 10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,251730,27042088,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bitcoon,"Grimrock 2 represents perhaps the pinnacle of a genre many of us are probably unfamiliar with. It's not entirely an action game, not entirely an adventure, not entirely turn-based strategy in the first person, but it feels like the best thing it can be.What you're in for: dungeon diving, scary traps, head-scratching puzzles, hidden buttons and mystical monsters. Nothing you can't handle - this isn't Myst or Dark Souls - but it will test you."
76561198021259622,Recommended,251730,28847343,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kwibus,"Great game, one of the rare games I've actually finished twice.I can't wait for part 3."
76561197964046306,Recommended,251730,12521015,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,halfman_halfalligator_halfshark,Improves upon the original while retaining all the aspects that made it fun to play. Very refreshing to escape from the normal dungeon monotiny and explore a much more open and interesting world.
,Recommended,251730,12509861,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Arturius,Beautiful looking game. Anti Aliasing not supported currently for some reason. FXAA Injector apparently works however I've not tried it. Kinda disappointed about that considering how excellent the PC options generally are. Borderless window mode supported.Puzzles are good and the atmosphere is excellent. Really reminds me of those choose your own adventure books I read as a kid. Can't comment on the story yet but the game follows LOG1 where there are no cut scenes except at the beginning and end. You can find letters and details in the world which provide lore which is great.If you want to immerse yourself in a dungeon within a mysterious island I recommend this game.
76561198056791770,Recommended,251730,12513623,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Protokohl,"Its Fantastic, I didn't like LoG I much despite being and old school RPG fan, I gave LoG II a go and man it a sweet game! Must buy :D"
76561198072861279,Recommended,251730,12516663,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,harryberry,cool cool
,Recommended,251730,12525856,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sam,Best First Person Shooter available right now.
76561198006555257,Recommended,251730,12526255,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Larzech,"This game is an old-school dungeon crawler that improves on everything over Grimrock 1 such as new classes, race, skills and some balance changes. Currently I'm testing 4-man fists only which was pretty overpowered in the first game and I definetly noticed a difference in the beginning. We'll see can it carry me to the end in normal difficulty. Did you like the first game? You'll definetly love this.Also if you don't like the original pictures of each race, you can import your own and have fun with the group."
,Recommended,251730,12509540,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Necro,better than the original in every way.  if you liked legend of grimrock - you're guarunteed to like the sequel as well!
,Recommended,251730,12516697,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Doctor Ridi,"Graphically a LOT better than the first game.I like the addition of guns and the game has just expanded immensely.Much better then I expected it would be, give it a try!"
,Recommended,251730,12519699,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,John Freeman,"Better than the original. if you liked the first one, play this."
,Recommended,251730,12510043,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,pasisti,"After about 8 hours I can say that this game is deifinitely improving on the level of quality set by the predecessor. And that is a huge compliment! I consider the first game as one of the top 10 greatest games I have played in the 2010's for both the athmosphere and the gameplay, and I'm having the same exact feeling right as I'm playing this one!EDIT: After finishing the game, I was glad to feel like it was a great ride from start to finish!"
,Recommended,251730,12530067,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Shinkou Kaze,"I was an avid fan of the first game and hunted relentlessly to try and find others like it but to no avail. Then out of the blue news of LoG2 appeared and i was very hopeful! I didnt know how they were going to expand on the already well thought through, mind testing, closed in dungeon open world game but they have certainly delivered. LOVE IT! Waiting for number 3!"
,Recommended,251730,12508047,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DanielF823,"I liked the first one as it really made you think!This, from whatg little time I have spent with it, seems like more of a good thing.If you are modern action oriented it's likely not for you.But if you like puzzles and riddles you will love this game!"
,Recommended,251730,12519178,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Avedawg,"Now I played all the  old school games back in the day and when I was playing them I was always wishing for graphics like this..   This series has caught the old school feel  and hope maybe some day a mod or this company will do some remakes if you know what I mean..  This is a solid good game and worth the price, sick home from school or just a rainy day this game is for you...  I'm really starting to love this series"
76561198031586463,Recommended,251730,29467527,Posted: 24 January,all,TheKnife,Legendary
,Recommended,251730,35088678,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,"Good, classic D&D game.It's fun. I recommend it. Obviously."
76561197979520033,Recommended,251730,23509820,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,monstergear,"Brilliant, carefully crafted game that is leaps and bounds ahead of its predecessor (which was already great)."
,Not Recommended,251730,17131093,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheSilverHammer,"If you are looking for a RPG Dungeon crawl game, then this game is NOT it.This is a puzzle game.  Sure you fight monsters and explore a bit, but really, most of what you are doing is solving puzzles.I personally mearly tolerate puzzels. I do not really care for them.  In the first grimrock title there were the occasional puzzle, but in this game, its the main course.  It is not unusual to spend a bunch of time figure out how to get past some locked door, only to finally do so and go just a few more feet and find YET ANOTHER locked door with YET ANOTHER puzzel.  Then you open that passage and guess what?  Just arond the corner is another♥♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzel.Now if you really like puzzels, consider this an endorsement for this game.  If not, then stay away."
76561198061097572,Recommended,251730,13362936,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,wooHard,My grandfather liked this game. That's all I wanted to say.
76561197974593327,Not Recommended,251730,20617003,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Innocente,"Maybe just a personal preference, but I did not enjoy my time in the game.  Could be true that you can never really go back, but the lack of modern RPG features is kind of a downer.  It does not help that the game is punishing to early mistakes, even on easy mode.  Expect a lot of internet research to fill out the missing information from the game, and the manual.  Even at a sub-$10 price, I have not found the game to be worth the time or the money.  Your mileage may vary, of course."
,Not Recommended,251730,23845421,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Someot,"Man, I'm really trying to like it, and I'm going to keep trying, but I just can't bring myself to enjoy this.The combat is similar to LoG 1, but enemies are much tougher. Not in a difficult way, but in a tedious way. It takes way too many hits to kill even the most basic of enemies and it gets boring after a few hours.The above-ground island portion isn't really that great. I think they were going for an open world kind feel, but it doesn't work. I only find myself having fun when I go underground to the dungeons, but those parts don't last nearly as long as I'd like.The Puzzles aren't great. They're either too simple, have a stupid solution involving searching the walls for a hidden button, or require an item you don't have yet. Or maybe you missed it all the way back, you have no way of knowing.There's no real sense of doom like in Grimrock 1. Then, I had no idea how far down I was or what was next. Now I just find a puzzle, see if I can solve it, and if I can't I look for a dungeon.They try to replicate the mysterious story of Grimrock 1 by adding the Island Master, but it's not as interesting or thrilling. ""Ooh some dude brought you to his spooky island with monsters and traps, scary..."" Reminds me of the first live action Scooby Doo movie.Like I said, I'm going to keep trying because I loved Grimrock 1 so much, but I'm having a lot of trouble enjoying this one and I can't give it a positive review."
76561198042318602,Recommended,251730,12506746,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,(☞'-')☞ t('ヮ't),"Legend of Grimrock 2 achieves what it was supposed to be: A great old school dungeon crawl. Is it perfect? Not quite. Is it great? Oh yes!!! The graphics are amazing for a game of this genre, the ambiance of each level is unique and LoG2 has the greatest looking monsters I have ever seen in a Dungeon Crawl. As much as the first Legend of Grimrock was a great game LoG2 pushes the bar even higher. (They did a really great thing by adding boss battles)Be warned, if you are a stupid person or have slow keyboard reflexes stay away from this game. The puzzles can be quite a challenge in the later game and (on normal and hard difficulties) the monsters are quite hard to beat. This is not an easy game, kind of like the Dark Souls of Dungeon Crawls.I definitely enjoyed every minute playing this game and would heartily recommend it to anyone considering trying it out.9/10"
,Recommended,251730,16561975,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JDRiot,Absolute Masterpiece.
,Recommended,251730,28308195,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Unicorn,"LoG2, what more to say:)"
76561197985631837,Recommended,251730,12991801,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tabuli,"Legend of Grimrock was an awesome game which brought back the Ye Olde square RPGs.Legend of Grimrock 2 does the same thing. Only better.If you play one game ever in your life, let it be Legend of Grimrock 2."
,Recommended,251730,12638981,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Soupir,"Legend of Grimrock II offers a compelling experience between exploration, a minimalist but endearing story and pretty decent graphics. This sequel manages to cross its own style with a Myst-like experience, where you end up on an island and have to figure everything out. The freedom of movement within the island is quite enjoyable : will you keep trying this dungeon with tough enemies but greater rewards or will you come back to it once you've leveled up a bit ?The leveling, fighting and magic systems are okay but show their limits around the two thirds of the game. Once you've discovered most of the good stuff and figured out most spells, the game becomes really repetitive. The fact that the fights tend to pile up in the end made me wish the game was shorter, just so I'd be done with it. Apart from this end game tediousness, the clever riddles and the rich exploration are enough to justify playing it."
,Recommended,251730,12805755,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Socrates877,"Grimrock gives you the same feeling as Myst. They both give you a wonderful journey of discovery into a weird but internally consistent world with great puzzles. Overall, it's a wonderful, wonderful experience.I have my gripes, though. The game is delightfully hard, as in challenging, but also stupidly hard. There are a lot of blind ""I lose"" buttons that are going to kill playes the first time, every time. You'll also die a lot because there aren't any hotkeys nor any pause button and you have to click really fast through inventory menus. The game math is opaque, counter-intuitive and unbalanced. Did you know that wizards are worse at being wizards than the hybrid wizard/figther class? Did you know that weapon damage becomes irrelevant to how much damage you deal in the second half of the game? Did you know that firearms are useless? Etc. Etc. Maybe the game can be balanced through patches.Overall, a really great game with some really big frustrations. Maybe the smart choice is to wait until 2015 or 2016 for it to be patched up."
,Recommended,251730,12814782,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ragnarock,5/5
76561197970980626,Recommended,251730,12741494,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Shadow,
,Recommended,251730,12614791,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Trigger,
,Recommended,251730,32928439,Posted: 28 June,all,aznTiny,<3
,Recommended,251730,27751168,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yosho,This was much better than Legend of Grimrock 1. Just writing this for a Black Friday badge. :D
76561197970511102,Recommended,251730,12695109,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Murlen,"One word describes this game perfectly; ADDICTING!I only have about 3 hours in the game but love it already. If you enjoyed the old school dungeon crawls and RPG's you will love this game. Takes me back to the good ole days of gaming. The puzzles are fun, the ambient sounds are great and the entire atmosphere is wonderful. This makes me want to go and play the first one.You will not regret buying this game."
,Recommended,251730,13988472,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Shea,GOTY 2014
,Recommended,251730,12838424,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,mrslezak,"If you liked Legend of Grimrock, then I'd think you'd enjoy Legend of Grimrock II and if you didn't play the first game then I'm not sure what to suggest otehr than the first one is fun and this one is too. I enjoy this becuase it is hard to 'win' at."
76561198002514845,Recommended,251730,12868591,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Shadowfax,Amazing... simply amazing. Game of the Year hands down.
76561198056329238,Recommended,251730,12873988,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Rastabuh,"If you think that Legend of Grimrock was any good then that's it you don't need to read this review.New classes,Outside world, New difficulty setup, New firearms weaponry.The game is richer bigger and better.At first you will feel like the clostrophobic feeling of the first game is way behind, well don't there's still some caves and castles for you to explore.After ending the game I had only one wish start the game again with a new team setup.The game is cruel and you will want to bash your head on the wall with enigmas at certain point, but hey honestly if you are in the donjon crawler type of game you want hard enigmas and good figthing, isn't it?9/10"
76561198006649950,Recommended,251730,12881805,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Aussie Hope,"Fantastic game, loved it, highly recommend it, perfect balance of puzzles and combat 5/5"
,Not Recommended,251730,22526775,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mr. Dynamite,Complicated game wasted money
76561198038209491,Recommended,251730,12855181,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mi,Dungeon Crawler game. A TON of puzzles. I had no trouble with most of the puzzles but some of them were pretty rough or obtuse. I found myself playing this game for many hours and enjoying it. At least the first 10 hours(23 hours to beat).You will probably end up using a guide if you get stuck.I had skipped many areas thinking I had to return later but when I returned I had just to solve a puzzle that actually did not require returning later. It is cool in the open worldish aspects it has.*8/10*
,Recommended,251730,12929138,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,hosser UK,"A superb sequel that surpasses the scope of the original game in every way. LoG 2 is a refreshing breath of fresh air in a market full of games with lengthy tutorials and hand-holding, as it requires you to figure things out for yourself, to experiment and rewards you richly for doing so - both psychologically and in-game with secrets and treasures. Old school awesome."
76561198017425718,Recommended,251730,12506627,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sluggeto,"After failing the first time I took this game on I decided to return to the beach... forty hours laters I can testify that this is one of the best games I've played as an old-timer and Dungeon Master vet (beat it 3x on the Atari 1040ST). The puzzles range from simple to devious and some just plain Hard, yet how can you stop when the chest you want is just a door away, you just need to Open it! Once again great job guys, thanks for the good times (3am fist-pumps are a dead giveaway) and I look forward to the next effort in the series."
76561198044335889,Recommended,251730,12518635,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Bumbo,♥♥♥♥ leprechauns.
76561197969759963,Recommended,251730,12509418,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Shaggs,Wonderful. 10/10.
76561198016122089,Recommended,251730,29327742,Posted: 17 January,all,Romulus,I can't stop playing this game! It's alot better then part one. ;=-)
,Recommended,251730,16334734,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ascendence,must-buyfun for hoursamazing sequel to the first gamemakes everything right
,Recommended,251730,12809578,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sapphic Neko,"Loved this game, Classic dungeon crawler RPG, with tons of secrets, tough bosses, and mindbogglign puzzles. Can highly recommend!I even found the super sekrit ending!"
76561198142761170,Recommended,251730,19821443,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Slipperyjim,"Absolutely brilliant! Nice graphics replete with moving trees and greenary, clouds and day/night cycles weather(well fog effects, no rain like DM II though) in the outdoor sections, even water with reflections and clear enough to see into (and although you can explore underwater and activate switches etc (you can even catch fish) however you cannot fight, but beware because there are creatures that can hurt you and you also need to have a way out to catch your breath when needed). Add to that the atmospherics and eerie sounds you have a very immersive environment to play in. The level designs are complex and challenging (open world with the player choosing what to tackle next, and puzzles that require lateral thinking) and the depth of gameplay will have you fully engaged. To cover it all would take alot of space, so to keep it short I will just say it's a ""must have"" for any fan of the RPG dungeon crawl-party/resource management genre!"
76561198072826923,Recommended,251730,28735854,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,Patiently waiting for Legend of Grimrock 3.Real time played: 50+hours.
76561197970879700,Recommended,251730,14672392,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,KUKWES,If your thinking about getting this game ...get it. This is one of the best RPG experiences I have had in a long time. Every moment is magical. This game features plenty of challenging puzzles and fights. Its pretty much an open world dungeon crawler. Yes the movement is like the old Wizadry games but it just feels great and I wouldnt want it any other. Buy this game now if you bothered to read any of the reviews about it.
,Recommended,251730,12602886,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,PhamTrinli,Music 4/5Combat 4/5Graphics/Visuals 5/5Overall Gameplay 5/5Animations 3/5Sound Effects 5/5Controls 4/5Stability 5/5Story 5/5Multiplayer (NA)UI 5/5Comments: Music is epic; Combat is based on both player skill (dodging and timing) and skill level and choices; Story is compelling; Sound effects add to the rich atmospheric feeling of the game; Controls are simple and customizeable; UI is simple and easy to use and helpful; Visuals are high-quality and very pleasing to look at. This is one of my favorite games of all time. I have played the heck out of it! It improves on the original in almost every way.
,Recommended,251730,12792249,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,VIX50,"Actually almost the same than first, but better, cooler and more awesome :D (new puzzles, monsters and food, not only dungeon, new spell mechanic, new skills, and many other things)."
76561197972449153,Recommended,251730,12504974,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"If you liked Legend of Grimrock, or hell, any dungeon crawler, you'll love Legend of Grimrock 2. It's a straight upgrade over the first in every way imaginable; better environments, most monster variety, way more classes (inlcuding the farmer! Who levels up by...eating food?!?), and better systems generally over the first. Do yourself a favor and pick up this game!"
,Recommended,251730,12505722,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,creocoder,Its just out♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i-n-g standing! 11/10!
,Recommended,251730,12507625,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Masterpiece, it improves every aspect of the first game, making it a wonderful must play with high replayability value."
,Recommended,251730,12563187,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,alienfood,gives me chills and boners... made me a wall switch fetishist
,Recommended,251730,13342624,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Liro Raériyo,"Grimrock 2 is a thrilling adventure, it will test your ability to adapt, traverse and decipher its land as you try to win back the freedom which was taken from you."
76561198042356475,Recommended,251730,12884067,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,jusek,this is a good and fun game
76561198059547321,Recommended,251730,12964073,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lucas,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING PLAY IT
,Recommended,251730,12515643,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Shane Moffatt,"I am going to start this review of by saying one simple sentence before i get into the Nitty Gritty of why you should buy this game!""This game is my personal GOTY for 2014 and every minute is a imerrsive blast of fun that i don't want to stop""Now onto the review!Firstly I will talk about the points i think make this game EXTREMELY good.- Gameplay- Immersion- Visuals- Sounds- Unique-nessThis game in it's gameplay does something that other games simply cannot capture, from the open worlds of skyrim all the way to one of my personal favourite RPG's (Fallout). What it does is something i don't FEEL in games anymore, it captures feelsing i didn't think a game could make and then encourages me to play the game with the freedom of my own mind.What i mean by this is the game immerses you completely in it's world, It never feels like you are playing a game but you are a crew of prisoners, fighting your way through a beautiful and luxurious island. Every atmosphere feels unique to the game and immerses you in the adventure, you REALLY FEEL like you are on an adventure, not PLAYING an adventure in a GAME. Like i said, i've loved and played many RPG's buy this is one of the few games that have captures a pure, undying sense of ADVENTURE from within me.The gameplay is also something i love, the world feels seamless and connected which helps to support and ecourage you to explore and look for secrets. It's like small open-worlds, this way you can explore a lot and look for every secret - without overbearing amounts of land to cover. It's a game where doing puzzles, finding secrets feels extremely rewarding each time.The combat in this game is what i believe to hit-or-miss, either you will enjoy it or... You will not. It's using an older generation of RPG as inspiration, Q and E to turn, then WASD to move around on a grid. Combat is real time, with a turn based aspect. Meaning you and the enemy attack eachother based on spell and weapon cooldowns. I believe the charm of the game (being the older style RPG) is either hit-or-miss, i myself love it though and it adds a unique charm that no other games capture!My next point is the class and race system, it's executed so well i needn't say much other than you get a good amount of race and classes to build a squad that suits you, everythign plays completely differently than other classes. Later skill building further increases variation to a point where you can do what you want, and play how you want (and if you understand the farmer class, i assume you are a god at this game.)Lastly the sound and visuals, they both work well together with the immersion to create a world that looks realistic enough to tottaly engross you, but still fantasy enough to really give off that old RPG feel. The games graphics are not taxing (but then my computer can handle anything) but still manage to blow me away even more than most recent releases ( *cough* Shadows of mordor *cough* )Overall this game is absolutely a brilliant game, developing it's strengths from the first game and making something near perfect. I have little to no weak points about this game so far and even if i did, i wouldn't bother putting them here simply because they would be as miniscule as; Only skill points and not stat points, or i am bad at puzzles and my brain hurts.Basically you want this game, it's superb, it's fun, it's beautiful and it does one thing i deem most important.It's unique."
,Recommended,251730,12506572,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Hr. Borg,"Legend of Grimrock 2 builds on its predessor and brings more puzzle solving, loot finding and monster battling.It brings new and more open level design, with free roaming outdoor areas, into more narrow dungoens.  With many new features that gives new and interesting puzzles, secrets and traps.The skilltree have been given an overhaul for the better. Where swords, axes, daggers and maces each had their own skill line, we now get light weapons and heavy weapons. In LoG I once got an awesome axe, but I wasn't using axes, so I got very sad... But no more! Now you can create a party that can use all the awesome loot you're going to find!If you liked the first Legend of Grimrock, then you're gonna like this one too. If you don't know what LoG is, then check out the original."
,Recommended,251730,12504412,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SoJi,Only in for an hour and already fell in love with this gem...This is what games should be like... challenging but fair.THIS is the game that should remind us all where our modern games come from
,Recommended,251730,12505020,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Goudie71,Better as the first one harder puzzle but enjoyable good puzzle good fighting system too i like the outside and inside  area sweet
76561198042056116,Recommended,251730,12506310,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dardadé,"Legend of Grimrock II Is a realistic fourth person shooter, third person magicka simulator, second person stabbing simulator, and first person tank simulator. It also has a unique sandbox mod where you get to flap your arms about like a 6-month old baby who♥♥♥♥♥♥his diaper again while pretending to be creative.But in all realness, you play as four ♥♥♥♥ing people super-glued to eachother, if one decides to jump off a cliff, ""hey, the rest of us didn't have other plans for today!""The first boss you fight looks like it happens really early in the game, but in fact you first have to run around looking at every crevice EXCEPT the arena to actually end up fighting the boss, solving puzzles you feel proud of to have discovered without the help of the wiki, only to realize that it was the only way to progress through the game.After the first boss there are hilariously square pools of water that you can dive into, making this game a diving and jumping-into-square-holes simulator. If you manage to jump into a hole that has no water in it and is too deep, your party's team will brek their feet and YOU CAN'T MOVE ANYMORE. Making this a ""wait for a huge♥♥♥♥♥frog to jump down and lick your pubes off because you stepped on your big toe."" simulatorI believe a new era of Diving Simulators are upon us, comrades! Go forth! And ffs will you learn how to hit that guy square in the head? Thats the 4th miss in a row you♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10  ~IGN  ""It's alright"""
76561198024765926,Recommended,251730,12505842,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,kraduate,"AS EXPECTED , THIS GAME KICKS♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198027104414,Recommended,251730,12506607,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kajamakuji,"Take all the many great things about the first game, add some nice varied scenery, then add some streamlining. Voila."
76561198003208612,Recommended,251730,12717313,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Numb-Tung,"1st Lo-grimrock was exciting, this is a welcome addition. 8/10     buy and seek theending :D"
,Not Recommended,251730,34902618,Posted: 12 September,all,periurban,"I go back to the days of Dungeon Master on the Atari ST, and this game seems like a super-duper-hyped up version of that game.But whilst everything works quite well, for this kind of game there is just too much going on. There's a reason why DM was set in a dungeon, essentially a maze with limited options for exploration - the details are limited so that the player can concentrate more on solving puzzles and defeating enemies.I didn't play the first Grimrock game, but from the playthroughs I've seen it looks more like the original DM.I got kinda fed up with this one after a few hours of frustration, despite initial enthusiasm."
76561198201727628,Recommended,251730,26267331,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,#OVERWATCH,Absolutely brutal
76561197964216681,Recommended,251730,19026632,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,PL,"Freaking Great, Great story, great gameplay, DO IT,"
,Recommended,251730,27803253,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ash,Better than most modern AAA RPGs combined.
,Not Recommended,251730,21401005,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Draconis Nox,"So Ive had this game for some time, and Ive playe dit, then stopped, played it again, stopped,, and yet again. I ask myself why I keep stopping my play through every time I delete this, and the same answer comes up. Its tedious and boring. Grimrock one was a favorite of all of my games. Very classical style of gaming. In grimrock two its all about moving around attacking then repositioning. Not a big deal if you have room to work with. The problem isnt the combat.The problem with this game that Ive found is that you NEED to use guides for a good portion of the puzzles. ""But why? Shouldnt you be able to figure them out on your own? Thats the point of a Puzzle game."" I would think to myself. Yes, it would be, if a good portion of these puzzles actually had tangable and relivant clues to solving them. A majority of them are reduntant. Per example: The Glyph Room. You all too often will see a stone face shooting a projectile. And all too often will see stone plates on the floor. You get no hint. Just the room name. How would you even know that you are supposed to draw out the spell on the floor that is being cast from the shooting wall-head? You wouldnt. You get no hints about it, and no relivant clue anyplace. Another example ""The Silent one has a friend. Head east into the sun."" Alright...which takes you directly into a tree one step later from that point once you find the Silent Statue head that says ...That paired withthe fact most dungeons, unlike Grimrock 1, have only one way through them in addition to needing to find some obscurecrack in the wall to open a secret door make this game nearly unplayable without looking for clues and spoilers online. I didnt enjoy this half as much as Grimrock 1. It just wasnt that good. The story isnt even there if you are looking for one. You were prisoners on a ship...some magic magnet pulled your ship ashore. You begin the game. All you know is some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥running the place is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that likes to leave you notes about how hes a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thats your story. Nothing else to it.Cant say I recommend this game over Grimrock 1. The puzzles alone are annoying and only make sense to the creator of them, rather than the player. The maps are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and mostly a cluster♥♥♥♥ of come back later, the games plot lacks, one way dungeons, and enemies with far too many HP even with skilled adventurers and powerful weapons. Play Necrodancer, youll be playing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥here just with less reward."
,Recommended,251730,12578396,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bonesaw,Great game. Big open world and lots of classic RPG grid-style gameplay.
76561198092052952,Recommended,251730,25844541,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,MasterSlacker,THE BEST GAME EVER
76561198136206195,Not Recommended,251730,33828083,Posted: 27 July,all,nsidjfsoebsoai,"I wanted to play this game because I was nostalgic thinking of the game Lands of Lore that I played in the past. I have read that Legend of Grimrock does what those old games do, but with a lot more polish.Pros-somewhat satiates my gaming appetite and nostalgiacons-the game is very barebones world empty. There are no NPC's in the game world and the story is minimal. The game starts out very immediately and plays more like a puzzle game than anything else.60/100 for Legends of Grimrock 1 and 65/100 for Legend of Grimrock 2."
,Recommended,251730,14437145,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,jayxan,"Fantastic game, improves itself in every way possible. If you played the first one but didnt like that it was levels and felt too restrictive this one changes that up with a fairly open world, challenging enemies, puzzles that range from easy to, get a walkthrough. Its a fantastic rpg all around. If you dont have this game and like dungeon crawlers then get it."
,Recommended,251730,12924239,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Holden,cool game
,Recommended,251730,12524099,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Paul Blart Anime Hunter,"Alright here is a review of GrimRock 2. Ive played what maybe 4 hours or so and ive found it exciting, fun and etc etc. Its a good game and makes you go, ""oh god is that a skeleton knight? yeah yeah it is"" as it lies in a heap of bones and dust before you and you feel great. But then you come across Some areas like the bog, now if you play it you know what i mean the two most annoying enemies that just reproduce constantly and just like making you there play thing like to wander like theres no tommorow, the frogs and mosquittos but ill get to that later.Now after being lost for about an hour i was studying my map (DO NOT TURN ON THE OLD SCHOOL MAPPING YOU WILL QUIT AFTE AN HOUR) i finally found where to go and this non linear world i thought i was in just shrunk to a stone corridor with a big red arrow telling you where to go. After discovering that dissapointment i entered the Swamps Duengeon (Hogs Burrow or something)  i got destroyed by the boss in there by all the poision but i was able to bust out with my solo knight and was limping to the nearest blue crystal as if i had to actually carry my three dead compainions until i ran into one of the most janky♥♥♥♥♥annoying enemies the mossquitto swarm.Boom i thought i was done i hadn't saved for an hour and i was going to die but i was so close i could taste that blue crystal that i insert into my compainions bodies, because its never explained how it actually works, so i tried to juke and jive this tukley through the repeating portals and thought i can do this. I can do THIS.Then i ran into the most annoying thing in the game, (no not the frog) the CONTROLS for the party which are so laggy and out of timed that turned me round ran me round and into a dead end then i knew it was over, Mosquittos can only be  killed by mages even thought there the size of rabbits with wings my knight can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to them and just let them swarm him like there the actul size of mosquittos. I was very sad and angry as the last thing i saw was a mosquitto coming for all the blood in my single knights body with ""YOU ARE DEAD"" slowly fade in. Then i wrote this review with no biased opion.I this game is great, it is slow to start and you can get super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥very fast but when you slay a whole room full of mummies, you just feel like you've actually acheieved something, hopefully after a couple of hours have passed i will be ready to hop straight back in and hopefully will you when you, play it.8/8"
,Recommended,251730,27861474,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pomfritzl,"Great game. good looking, interesting and unusual. 8/10"
76561197971578911,Not Recommended,251730,15106169,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Flyboy Connor,"I have played the game for about 6 hours and I am not convinced that it is as good as many people claim it is.I find the control scheme very annoying (needing SIX keys to walk around, and needing to right-click on weapons to use them, let alone using magic which requires numerous clicks -- and all of that in real-time). The enemies are kind-of underwhelming, just standing in front of you and hitting you -- unless you ran into enemies that are far too high-level for you, which can easily happen. There are some pretty annoying puzzles (invisible switches, items that are hidden without the game giving any indication of where you have to look, be-fast-and-move-to-the-correct-spot-or-you-die challenges, and puzzles whjch basically require you to die multiple times before you can actually get a glimpse of what you need to do to solve them). The character upgrades are too rare, and it is too easy to make a mistake in constructing your characters (I made an alchemist who uses firearms, but now I find that firearms and ammo for them are very hard to come by, while I have found fantastic bows with reusable arrows that I cannot use). Fortunately, enemies that are defeated do not return, so that's a plus. But overall, I find the fun factor not so high that I am keen to continue.What REALLY hurts the game is the complete lack of any story. Why are you doing the things that you do? Why do you walk around here? Why not just stay on the beach, build a big fire, and kill turtles for dinner until you are rescued? I don't feel that ""exploring for the sake of exploring"" is very rewarding. Ultimately, the whole story seems to come down to something like: walk around until you have collected 20 power gems, and then you can unlock the final door. Hooray!I played the first Grimrock for a while, and that game feels much better. There is an actual incentive for you to delve into the dungeon, and the atmosphere is suffocatingly claustrophobic. While in Grimrock II you are just walking through woods without rhyme or reason. The atmosphere of this game is just off.All in all, I am on the fence as far as Grimrock II is concerned. It is not that it is a bad game, it is just not as good as the first one, and I rather play something else than more Grimrock II. So I have to rate it down, partly in compensation for all the up-ratings."
,Not Recommended,251730,20234573,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pepethor,"It's made for fans of the genre and only for them. Nothing to see here if you're expecting just a little bit more than a 90's dungeon crawler RPG. Suggestion to game developers; first 10 minutes is the most important part of your game, give it all you got."
,Not Recommended,251730,17259149,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,PJ_Scrugs,"I went into this game having played the first one and loving it. But this time around I heard the game would mostly take place outside and I was super excited. At first it was awesome just like the first game with the unique combat and nice scenery. But then you get into the game and the entire premise of the game revolves around a very simple, but long task. At first it seems fine, but 15hrs into the game and still doing the same thing it got pretty boring. Then finishing the game the ending didn’t seem to reward all of the monotonous collecting. Don’t get me wrong, the puzzles are mostly great and the scenery is amazing, but overall I finished the game and felt that it wasn’t worth it overall."
76561198079443062,Not Recommended,251730,20426832,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Red,Low framerates in certain areas with a 390.
,Not Recommended,251730,14488689,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hungri Terri,"I liked the first one better. The open world in this just made the game feel less focused than the tight dungeon crawling experience of the first, and combat was tedious and cheap. The true final boss especially was just complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I wish I could give this a ""yes"" because I really liked the first one, but overall this entire game just felt like a huge chore."
,Not Recommended,251730,19354372,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Faustitas,"The clunky UI, movement, lack of variety, and lack of automization make this game boring. Feeding your characters and telling them when to attack with each weapon and how to cast a spell makes combat aggrivating. There could've been something to take attention from that and put it towards the combat itself. Its difficult to tell how to level characters because there's little to explain what to do and your given so few skillpoints you don't get to spread them around much and experience, and even spells are so few in number and spread out across several skills that you don't really get to have fun with them. The dungeons and puzzles can be entertaining, and there's always a thrill in lootseeking and exploration, however the combat and the character building really take away from this game. What could be an adventure feels more like a slog."
,Not Recommended,251730,16815228,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mr.White,"I really do not enjoy this game, even if I'm tryng to...while LoG is simple and pretty straight-forward, LoG2 on the other hand feels quite chaotic, dispersive and due to the nature of the game (that keep you searching and looking for small details in every corner or wall) gets really dull and boring after you reach the middle of the game, given the amount of mini-puzzles you want to clear, chest you want to open and area you want to visit. Plus, the default party tends to suck hard even in normal mode and it's REALLY annoying to start a new game."
76561197971948699,Not Recommended,251730,19394528,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AdmiralJack,Puzzles are one thing. Rediculous nearly impossible ones are another thing.A good game won't make it a requirement to go to the internet to figure out puzzles.More than a bit irritated that i wasted so much time on this horribly made game.
76561198061340337,Not Recommended,251730,15210516,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,the viking,"Built in keeping with traditional eye of the beholder type games, this game brings modern technology in to play with improved graphics, and real time monster movement.  The four-direction, square-by-square based movement scheme makes for interesting battle tactics as you effectively walk backwards in a square, trying to turn and strike quicker than the monsters in many cases.Unfortunately, the maps for this game are not randomly generated, nor are the monsters.  If you begin playing this game through, and decide to try another party, the second party will go through the exact same gameplay as your previous party.  This makes for zero replayability in a game which is only OK as an RPG to begin with."
,Not Recommended,251730,16577802,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Igniz13,"This series always has potential, but design decisions always let it down. Make the wrong team and it'll be an excercise in frustration, make the right team and it'll become a chore. If you want an old school RPG, buy an old school RPG, you can do that these days 6/10"
76561197966287779,Not Recommended,251730,13773773,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Xenrathe,"Having beat the original Legend of Grimrock, I gave this game a good shaking but ultimately found myself bored with it. The game quickly devolves into tedium. Lacking a story and any real strategic depth in the battle (kiting and backing into a corner is pretty much all you can do), all the real fun comes from puzzles. However, these make up a relatively minor portion of the game in comparison to exploration & combat. As for exploration, at least half occurs in dark, dank dungeons where the walls are all the same.If you do find yourself playing it, I highly recommend you avoid higher levels of difficulty. They don't increase the challenge or fun so much as make everything that much more tedious."
,Not Recommended,251730,16409928,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 5/10AND OH MY GOD THE SPELL/MAGIC SYSTEM IS ATROCIOUS. That alone would make me never play the game again.It looks like a pretty good game, and it is for the most part, but I think the puzzles are worse than the first one and too irrational/nonsensical and kind of reminded me of Broken Age. Maybe I just don't like RPGs like this anymore. I'm finding it more and more that I think I will like a game based on way-in-the-past preferences that just don't hold anymore. I used to love Might and Magic but I don't like this. I used to love RTS like Warcraft and Age of Empires, but I don't like them anymore either. Hell, I think I used to like Grim Fandango, but when I replayed it, it was very poorly designed actual game around a quirky and interesting story.I think I want my RPGs to be far more Witcher 3, Dragon Age Inquisition, Skyrim, Mass Effect, and Shadowrun. Not this. This was slow, boring, and tedious. I know others disagree, but such is an opinion. I'm avoiding games I thought I would like such as Legend of Grimrock and Pillars of Eternity."
,Not Recommended,251730,19273315,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mustang,"What to say... The basic of a good game is to guide the start. If a game does not ease me into it, I don t play and I don't like it. I liked the first one very much but I m not recommending this one."
76561197986717260,Not Recommended,251730,20576164,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Poisonedpawn78,"No mouse look, no standard wsad movement, the game moves you a set amount based on which key you press. Completely unacceptable in todays age. sorry not worth buying."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,251730,14984642,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gorebane,"Pretty much the same game as the original except a different background. If you liked the original there's a good chance you'll like this. Like the original, I got bored of this quickly because of it's simplistic skill system, tedious puzzles and boring combat."
76561197987792565,Not Recommended,251730,14977573,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,arno9telecom,je veint de me rendre compte que j'ai acheter un jeux non traduit . je suis vener
76561198018602822,Not Recommended,251730,14488043,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,lordclane,"Let me begin by saying that some people will like this game a lot.  The artwork is gorgeous, and the combat simple fairly simply to use.  The level-up system has a lot of nice variation without confining you too much.What I don't like:1.  You can only move in one of four directions: N, E, S and W.  Man y of the games challenges, in fact, rely on that rigid tie to a square grid, but after playing games like Elder Scrolls and Fallout 3, I find it disconcerting.2.  Some of the challenges require speed and reflexes that are simply beyond me, and  may be beyond many players.3.  While there's some freedom in where you go, overall the game is pretty linear, with advancing often requiring having found just the right item somewhere else.4.  The greatest sin-- too many of the challenges are ""zap you're dead"" challenges.  In some cases, the only way to get their measure is to be instantly killed by them.  This may require avoidance henceforth.  In many other cases, the only way to solve them is by advancing until you're killed, but at least see enough of the details to do something else when you restart the game.  Sort of like the Tom  Cruise movie, ""Edge of Tomorrow""-- Live, Die, Repeat.  Ideally, a good puzle or challennge should be solvable by a lot of observing and thinking in advance-- i.e., without getting killed to get the necessary information.  This game has too many that are the opposite...."
,Not Recommended,251730,14994278,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,rottz,"It's not a bad game, I just don't recommend it. The controls are clumsy, the game feels to me a lot like those RPGs from the 90s that I didnt care about (it feels nothing like, for example, Ultima series, which I loved)."
76561198000088094,Not Recommended,251730,15015847,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,GOObER,"The amount of frustration over the never-ending puzzles is hard to overcome and the combat is horrible at best.This is an abstract puzzle torture game, then add mouse clicking for combat, then with a pasted on dungeon crawl theme on top and you have yourself an old school grind your face in the dirt fun."
76561197973678878,Not Recommended,251730,15259657,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Felix,"Just can't get into this kind of combat, make sure you understand the mechanics before you buy."
76561198013622319,Not Recommended,251730,14978387,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ishKiia,"It's ... OK.  I'll give examples as to why i'm ot really that excited about it but sorta like it because I love that genre of game.   i enjoy older games but this isn't old really, only released a year ago, and it's pretty UN-intuitive as far as using things, fighting, etc.  Nothing really wrong, but to me it's more of a job to play than something I  can immerse myself in.  It might have been better starting out if there was a bit of a tutorial.. a real tutorial rather than a hint here and there. Not everyone played the first one :) For example, here are some situations going through this game the first time with all the mental questions I might have had.  Starting out right off the bat you are in a cage and it says ""Hint: right click on the combat panels"" or something like that. well hell all I saw were characters, hands, and nothign else. so I finally looked it up and right clicked on the guy with the glowing hands, well, said it couldn't reach it.  well nothing told me the ones on the bottom were behind and the ones on the top were in front.  I finally by accident used the first one wit hteh stick and broke out. also nothing tells you that you can drag the characters around to change their positions.  You can't rely on players to know how to do things from the first game. you can't rely on players to figure out things like moving characters around to change position.  NOTHING tells you what food really does for you.. other than seeing a bar go up if you do eat... sure doesn't help the health any... will it eventually?  what happens if you throw this rock and it flies off? what if someone dies, how do I rez them?you don't find the answers to these questions.. at least immediately .. if at all, unless you accidentally stumble on something. This game could be old time wonderful if the devs just took a bit more time educating the players.  It's obvious they just wanted to get this thing out the door or assumed way too much by not testing t his game with virgin beta and alpha testers.  If they had this would have been something taken care of.If you played the previous game and like it , I advise getting it.. if you didn't, then buy it with the knowledge you are going to suffer in your experience till you get it all figured out or ruin your experince by looking up a walk though.. at that point if you are doing that, what's the point in spending the money!?"
76561197972366152,Not Recommended,251730,16347294,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[dRats] Ark,"Surprsingly terrible controls and 90% turn radius make this a great game 20 years ago, but I can't justify the hype in this millenium. All of the excitement must stem from the staples of every dungeon crawl type game, which is finding upgrades via treasure boxes."
,Not Recommended,251730,22918978,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ithaldir,"Three hours and a guide later I asked myself, am I having fun yet?The answer was no...Thankfully the first boss stomped me and gave me sufficient modivation to stop playing.On a sadder note I can't return it so the Legend of Grimrock 2 is going to have to forever stay a legend in my library..."
76561198027459660,Not Recommended,251730,32826348,Posted: 26 June,all,gjones98,"This game is a mixed bag,Pros- the detail of this game is great, reminds me of old school dungeon games.- classes and character creation is varied and fun- puzzles are challenging and varied.Cons- the controls are very poor, particularly for combat where it's very hard to attack with your entire party.- graphics are meh.- the dungeon creator (big reason I wanted this) is a pain to use unless you're good at coding and is buggy as hell."
76561198031817530,Not Recommended,251730,15121106,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mercsn,"WARNING:  This is not an RPG game.  It's a puzzle game with some RPG garnish thrown in.Unfortunately it was tagged and touted as a dungeon crawler, RPG, but beyond the character generation screen, I haven't seen much RPG about it.  Dungeon crawling?  No.  Never saw a dungeon.  The first part is all puzzles with poor clues and bad design (at least for someone who isn't a puzzle games fan) and so, I never found the dungeon.Any game that has a player googling for a walkthrough or ""help solving x"" 5 minutes into playing the game, is just poorly done.  Again, I'm not a puzzle games fan and wouldn't have bought this if it had been sold/tagged as a puzzle game.This game really reminds me of bad older games (pre internet) that you'd end up just wasting your money, arguing for a refund or coughing up for the guide book.  Again, if you're a puzzle games fan, have at it.  Otherwise stay away.Pro-Fun character generation screen with lots of variables in 4 party mix-Good, immersive graphicsCons-Puzzle game sold as an RPG1/10, would create a neat 4 man group again."
,Not Recommended,251730,13653652,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Prospero666,"I was so excited to play an old school dungeon crawler, harkening back to The Bard's Tale. Only it's not. The movement is old school but the combat forces you to jump around to avoid attacks. It's very twitch and not enough tactics.Poor showing. 5/10."
76561198027311238,Not Recommended,251730,14989486,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,suprcharg,Omg. its soooo bad. I should have known when I found out it was under 1 gig.  clunky mechanics mediocre graphics. I fell for the hype.
76561198008338180,Not Recommended,251730,14270653,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,igotsnoname,"Yeah I should have read more of the negative reviews of this game before buying it; I got caught up on all the positive reviews. Some one described it as, ""the scope of Skyrim"", massive, etc.. So I wasted most of a Saturday on  the game. This game is a dungeon crawl through and through. No story, no npcs- just kill stuff, solve a tedious puzzle, and repeat. I wanted to like this game; don't mind the old Might and Magic engine- but why not add even a simple story, some villages, and a couple NPCs? Not enough money, or imagination- something. Could have been a good game, right now a bad way to waste time in a bland empty world.."
76561198054742604,Not Recommended,251730,24706552,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Purple,"not my cup of tea,yeah movement works with a tiles system and you can free look while walking.no thank you"
76561198157075758,Not Recommended,251730,15147688,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,stackedback95,"not so great....reviews say it is...but its a far cry from torchlight, dont really recommend this game as a filler. line move only not very free, blocky"
76561198117205526,Not Recommended,251730,13624576,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Syndara,"After spending 10 hours on this game, giving myself time to figure it out, I finally give up.  It's not because I died a bunch, (actually my entire team died only once in Lost River because I fell into the water and didn't know how to get out) and not because the puzzles were too frustrating, but actually the game movement is what made me throw in the towel.  I just can't get used to it.  After playing MMOs and enjoying freedom of movement, dodging, rolling, jumping etc... it's just not fun having movement limited to left and right, forward and back.  Camera pan is odd acting because of this restriction, it 'drifts' and it drives me nuts.The good part is the graphics, really pretty, very nice, I love the environments and even though combat is very old school, I can deal with that.  I also enjoyed the puzzles.There are some other things I wasn't so keen on.  You have to click on spells, don't like that.  I'm used to hotkeying them to buttons on my mouse.  Not super impressed by the 'team' that doesn't really act like a team, just a single individual with a lot of skills.  But again, I could have dealt with that.I can't get passed the clunky limited movement."
76561198116920912,Not Recommended,251730,13965578,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,epicseriousface,"I think this would be a fun game to many other people, but i feel that the movement system and the first person style just bring it down for me. The game also didn't give many tips, but that may be because it is a sequal."
,Not Recommended,251730,24055175,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,pandorra,"Horrible. First person, choppy screen movement, bad placement of tools/avatars etc. I had it refunded after an hour."
76561198065510045,Not Recommended,251730,13861232,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,dvltattoo,"The graphics are nice but the controls are just way too awkward for me. the combat is really generic aswell. The Overwhelmingly positive status of this game tricked me into thinking this game was more accessible than it is.If you aren't sure if you'll like this game wait till it's less than $5 because, to be honest most RPG fans won't."
76561198011449921,Recommended,251730,12501295,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,VashThePirate,best game this year!
,Not Recommended,251730,18425035,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,akkira,"A first person 3D game where you can only move on chessbord tiles.Oh and you are not one person, you are actually a group of four.It's boring, it's slow, it's awkward.Who thought this was a good idea?"
,Not Recommended,251730,25365997,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ebu,"I cannot recommend this game.I played the hell out of Eye of the Beholder (all of them) and the other classic D&D games back in the day, and I loved them.That was a long time ago, gaming has come a long way, and I have obligations and responsibilites beyond your little game. So, when the complete lack of autosave/checkpointing causes me to lose 30 mintues of gameplay...I just walk away.Picture it: after a few days of work, I finally have a few minutes to sit down at play. I haven't been thinking about this game for those two days, I haven't had time to think about it, but now I get to play it. So, I sit down with it, spend a few minutes getting my bearings, work out a quick plan of attack, and in I go. I play for a bit, stumble around, maybe fight a few battles, find an item or two...and then die from some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Monster got a lucky crit? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pressure plate launch a horde of overpowered enemies at me? Item randomly teleports me into a room full of enemies? Great, now I'm dead; last save was...where I started the session.Look, I understand the *idea* of quicksave (trust me, I lived through it's birth and subsequent abandonment), and I actually fought for it to stay when the checkpoint craze started. But now? There's no excuse for this. Just because you want to pay homage to classic games, this doesn't mean you have to abandon everything we've learned since them.You make me lose my entire play session due to unforeseen ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t while providing no checkpoint or autosave system to mitigate the lost time, I uninstall your game, regret my purchase, and am very uninclined to buy future produces from you. I've purchased both LoG 1 and 2, but don't expect me to buy anything else unless you learn from the past.And this doesn't even get into the awkward UI, bags opening over your character's paperdoll, spellcasting being a giant flipping PITA, having to annoyingly spam clicks during combat (even the classic games had an ""all attack"" button), the poor-fit outdoor environments are to a strict grid layout, ""invisible walls"" (why can't my characters just walk around that pillar?), pixel-hunting out the wazoo, and just all-around poor decisions.I wanted to love this game, then I wanted to like it, then I wanted to just power through it, now I want to forget it."
76561198032193145,Not Recommended,251730,14522992,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,trangor,Clunky and badly designed
,Not Recommended,251730,13493269,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Depsyy,Definitely not game for everyone. Enemies are merciless right from the start and you will die many times in this game. Mostly you will have to experience everything through trial and error in order to get anywhere. Enemies have healthpool atleast 2 times bigger than you're characters have and while you are trying to fight them with weak weapons and spells they can take 1/4 health away with 1 attack. If you haven't played the first game of the series and you aren't familiar with dungeon crawlers i recommend you won't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,251730,13539713,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,LiquidLucid,"I grew up on classic RPG's and love them, which is why I gave Grimrock 2 a shot. The movement is annoying and jerky, the loot incredibly limited, and the battle system basic is way too basic even for year 1989. I paid $20 for this game on steam, and it's the worst money I've ever spent on a game."
,Not Recommended,251730,34131065,Posted: 9 August,all,KareemKubed,i do not like puzzles
76561198005894044,Not Recommended,251730,12572508,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Tyrshar,"I haven't played the predecessor, so this review is based on the quality of this game as an ""old-school"" RPG.The game involves a great amount of time tediously scanning walls for very small hidden buttons.  I've spent about a quarter of time in game just retracing steps scanning walls; not my idea of fun.  Finding a hidden button/lever can mean the difference between progressing through content and being stuck at a standstill.  This could have been remedied by allowing the party to comment on hidden features similar to Might and Magic X.Combat was rather clunky, especially playing a wizard.  I found missle weapons to be lackluster, and ranged combat in general was a hassle with projectile collection.  You can effectively kite mobs using melee attacks as long as you are quick enough to move to another tile before giving the mob time to attack.  Additionally, there is no way to track mob health; there are no hit point bars or visual cues.  There is no feedback regarding if a mob is resistant to certain forms of attacks; sometimes skills do 1 damage and then the same skill will do 20 damage (is it because of weak attacks or damage resistance?)The only methods of healing are via potions and resting.  I made the assumption that one of the schools of magic would contain healing, but that was not the case.  No class healing really detracts from combat.There doesn't appear to be any form of skill reset.  Given that you start the game clueless regarding the skills, items, and spells available, it would be great to have this available in some form.Having played MIght and Magic X, I feel this is an inferior clone.  It does have some nice perks, such as unique weapon skills and interesting puzzles.  Sadly, the game is bogged down by unnecessary tedious tasks and clunky combat/skills."
76561198065433650,Not Recommended,251730,29476281,Posted: 24 January,all,Magnus sungaM,legend of grimrock 2 is ment to be a good game but there are some hard pizzls so don't play this game..
76561198019382209,Not Recommended,251730,13405184,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Eukatae,Wizardry-step is a non-starter for me.
76561198014874676,Not Recommended,251730,13183105,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Svanemsli,Found the gameplay quite horrible.
,Not Recommended,251730,12959527,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Maclaurens,Make sure you know what you are getting into before buying this game. The movement system in this game is horrible. You can go left right up down and you move 1 block at a time. The combat system is clunky and annoying. The puzzles are alright but the game is unbarable to play.
76561198030980752,Not Recommended,251730,12592834,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,shegeek72,"Don't get me wrong, I typically love RPGs having played the heck out of Oblivion, Skyrim, etc. so I was intrigued by Grimrock 2. Apparently there's no roleplaying except for equipping the four characters you command to deal with various baddies - it's just a long dungeon crawl. Now, for 20 bucks this wouldn't be a bad thing except for your movement, which is one square at a time controlled by your kb. Moving the mouse only changes your POV. If you don't have extremely nimble fingers this game is an effort in futility, especially during boss fights since movement is so restricted. It can also be hard on the normal difficulty. Your characters recharge and level up slowly, there's not much armor to speak of so I always felt at a disadvantage. Puzzles can be frustrating."
76561198030746271,Not Recommended,251730,12502110,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Tegga21,"Cliff notes:  Buy the game!  It is great and fun even if you didn't enjoy the first.This downvote is based purely off the nerfed skill tree's in comparison to grimrock 1The skill tree's have been removed and are now 5 skill points long (and you start with 2)---------- Having been playing for a while, definitely recommend anyone to purchase this even if you didn't find Grimrock 1.  The game is very good, it has massive improvements over the first.Pro's+Beautiful (as usual)+Open world with improved automap (More choices to mark things)+Day/night cycles+Classes+Very! fun+Xp distribution even if party member didn't get a hit in+New game modes, Ironman!!!! and single use crystals!+Digging+Crafting+Classes(a few)+New race+You can be a farmer+Body parts can be injuredCons-Skill tree nerf-Dug tiles don't always display on terrain with varying elevation-Several tooltips outdated"
76561198006141351,Not Recommended,251730,12638841,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Mjahaha,"Had no idea this was a grid based game. Not my cup of tea, reviews are too positive so far. If you like this kind of thing though I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,251730,12781815,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,PropterHawk,"The gameplay is clunky, tortured and obtuse along N-S-E-W lines with auto mouse centering. The trailer on the publisher's website is deceptive and misleading as to the game play style. Additionally, it is touted as a ""game with an old-school heart but a modern execution"". Other than the graphics, there is very little ""modern"" about this game.This is within the broad ~35 year genre of a ""crawler"". Much like the word ""transportation"" (or vehicle) includes many modes of travel, but if Porsche came out with their newest ""chariot"" lineup, I wouldn't expect for it to be horse drawn. This cart is drawn by a mule.Obviously, my juxtaposition of ""Dungeon Crawler"" versus ""Dungeon Stutterer"" was lost on some of prior thread flamers ... this is a ""spastic dungeon stutterer"" and not a ""dungeon crawler"" as the term has evolved.It plays more like Adventure on the Atari 2600 ... which was a great game at the time, but I am glad gaming has evolved since then. This one has in theory, but not execution.I was tremendously disappointed.  And yes. I should have known better than to judge the book by its ads, cover. out of context reviews, and video. I should have watched it on twitch or youtube. I didn't... and wasted my money.If you like it, great. Just be warned BEFORE YOU BUY that it has very limited movement, and you might do better with some dice and a scrap of cardboard, burn a stick and write your journey on a cave wall. Seriously, watch it before you buy (and not the developer's deceptive video).1.5 out of 5Namaste."
76561197976227590,Not Recommended,251730,12517358,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,phototime,Same as the first one but different locations.  Clunky poor fighting. Tile based movment gets annoying.   If you loved the first one this is just more of the same.
76561198053309539,Not Recommended,251730,12547615,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,samjm,"Great for a true hard core old RPG player. But I'm too spoiled with current day 3D games. This game is basically a very old style game complete with grid like movements, only with newer graphics. Not for me. Wasted $20. No refunds even though there is no way of stealing the game in Steam. How convinient for them."
,Not Recommended,251730,12508760,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,HefBot 2.0,"If you liked the first LoG then you'll like this one. It's exactly the F**KING SAME!I enjoyed the first one well enough for its concept, but never finished it because it was just too damn clunky. But like all good game developers, they've fixed the clunky UI, game design problems and etc. for this edition... oh wait... NO, they haven't. Everything that was wrong with the first one is still wrong with this one.You spend most of your time staring at the bottom right corner of the screen. There's no time based autosave feature, there's no auto-attack, and there's no way of knowing if that giant crab will curl up and die after a couple hits or brutally♥♥♥♥♥♥your party (it's the latter) forcing you to go back to the last save... 3 hours ago, because no autosave and I forgot to quicksave. Right.If there's a story to this game it is so sparsely delivered that there's no room for any detail or sense of engagement with it. The whole game seems to serve as one big esoteric puzzle. Surely there are better ways to create a puzzle game.There was a good core idea in the first one, but instead of being expanded on, it has been gratuitously regurgitated with a slight change of colour palette. Which is a damn shame.Buy it or don't."
,Not Recommended,251730,12503113,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dwarfy,GAMEZ 2 HARD IMPOSSIBL PUZZELS WTF DOES FIND X MARK DA SPOT MEAN -.- 0/10 GO PLAY A REAL GAME WITH AHRDP UZZLES LIK SKYRIM
76561198037643780,Not Recommended,251730,12506619,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ccnn24,"1999 gameplay....boring, crappy graphics, lame combat...lame lame lame"
,Recommended,251730,17268841,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ledzeplin101,"Equal parts frustrating and satisfying, it's thie type of game that you will turn off and then turn right back on. If you like dungeon crawlers there is no reason not to have this one. The puzzles and enemies are refreshing in an era of recycled tripple-A titles and the workshop makes the game infinite."
76561198158938940,Recommended,251730,17271824,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"While playing this game I have a feeling that I love and hate this game at the same time.Game is good. You are basically in a open world everything is there for you to explore. Various kind of enemies and a few pretty large maps with secrets. Battle is challenging, since this game use real-time rather than turn base when you meet an enemy, and I usually find that enemies are tough than my characters...I kind of think it happens to all the players so prepare to die a lot, if you do not move when facing a monster lol.Overall the game is likeable, the environment is so different within each areas, easy to spend a few hours in the game. However, I gonna say this game lacks of hints. If you want to let ppl enjoy it at least time them some basics, even though sometimes explore and find the answer on your own is fun... But it's not always like that, this could be painful, especially when you spend hours without any progress. Say you need to let the human statue hold a sword at the very beginning, it's not that hard to sort out but I don't see that sword is unique enf to make people think make it a useful tool rather than a weapon. Also the button that makes a human-face statue omit a light to open gate, I missed it several times. And some walls with secret button on you can easily miss if you don't even know there would be a secret button in the game.Make sure to write down some marks on your map because you will forget and you need to sometimes go back because some important lever could be there when you missed earlier in the game. Well I now have 7 power gems and I'm kind of stuck in the ceremony. I found the hub key, but on the far east there is 3 trap doors on my way, while the light emitted by the human face cannot reach where it should be. Also I now chased by a unknown monster, who seems is immune to any kind of attack, let alone I'm not sure how to dealing with the underwater enemies, I died 1k times in the water...lol.Well still a good game. I have a good time playing for a few hours before I know this game is beyond my intelligence lol."
76561198065905855,Recommended,251730,17292957,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rythca,
76561198032050488,Recommended,251730,17086508,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,CabalSociety,The first game was awesome and this one was even better. Highly reccomended if you like this type of game.
76561198096120476,Recommended,251730,16987170,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,infyrana,"Excellent old school dungeon crawler, a jewel amidst a sea of dissapointments"
,Recommended,251730,16980657,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ackus,"Wow, I ♥♥♥♥ing loved the first one. This one roxorz my boxorz. The added depth of outdoors, water, and better vertical areas make for an even better game. Can't wait to beat the main quest and try out some of the custom ones by other users.This, along with the first game, are two of the best and most fresh games I've played in years."
76561198050459769,Recommended,251730,17333065,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,yusuketeam,"Legend of Grimrock 2. It's like the 1st, only longer and outside. If you liked Legend of Grimrock 1 and/or Might and Magic Legacy, you'll like this one. LoG 1 was well... newer, and I liked M&ML better because i'm a huge M&M fan, but I'll buy another one like those 3 right now without any hesitation."
76561198076800204,Recommended,251730,18118763,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,reinselc,"I really like this game.  A bit of an old school dungeon crawler style game, but the puzzles are intelligent and fair, the difficulty is just right and it is fun.Highly recommended to old school Eye of the Beholder fans and also to people who want to do some thinking and not a clickfest, but also don't want a 100 page rulebook.  You can jump in and play right away and all the races, skills and classes work so you don't have to worry about it too much."
76561198027271290,Recommended,251730,18146969,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,stanmons,A better sequal of a great game. The essence of Dungeon Master and Eye of the Beholder taken into todays technology but respecting the old-school gameplay and design to perfection.
76561198132738688,Recommended,251730,18161024,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Korgad,this game is awsome!
76561197972393277,Recommended,251730,18258908,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,EmGooser,"Wow, jsut wow... This game brings be back to the old days of RPGs and on top of that it is very well done.  Great work on the graphics and even more so on the puzzles.  Any of you old school PC RPG gamers will love this one."
76561197990938240,Recommended,251730,18241088,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lost in Thought,Best RPG i have played in years.
,Recommended,251730,17664565,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tiler,played it on hard. it was hard. it was also _really_ good.
,Recommended,251730,17733975,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Crud Bonemeal,"A very good RPG, kind of in the same vein as Wizardry 8 but not as amazing as that game. You might also say it's like if Might and Magic X was good. The exploration is by far Grimrock 2's strongest point, with a sprawling open-ended world to explore and tons of secrets to find. It can be tense too, as you come to expect horrible things to happen when picking up items, etc. Multiple times I got jumpscared by unexpected enemies. The graphics are even pretty great, especially for an indie studio. Character building and progression isn't bad, though there's some useless skills and it starts to not matter what you level towards the end. Music is great on the menu and in boss battles, but nonexistent otherwise. It works for Myst and Demon's Souls, but I would've preferred some more traditional music to the ambience in this case.The one thing that really threatens to spoil it is the combat system, which is carried over from the previous game where it also was a problem. Positioning determines roughly 90% of your success, or should I say, whether or not you can find four open squares to move around on. People cheesed enemies in Grimrock 1 with squaredancing, and instead of revamping it, the developers just made skillful squaredancing 100% necessary to have any success in combat. There are more nuances in enemy movement to make it interesting, but if you ever get cornered at the end of a hallway, even the god damn mosquitoes will tear your party apart. I don't care if it's old school, It's fundamentally broken, and anyone who stuck up for it after the first game is wrong. It also sucks that you have to click small icons and make complex actions with the mouse while doing all this movement, when even the 90s RPGs allowed you to attack with hotkeys for your characters. However, combat isn't the majority of the game, and in MOST cases it's manageable without much frustration. It's only when they throw enemies at you in cramped hallways that it stops working well. There were a lot of times where I got gameovers and then easily overcame them the next time because now I knew where I could safely fight.Anyway, whatever, good game overall."
,Recommended,251730,17699084,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,utna,Heartily enjoyed this sequel.  Was much more featured than the previous.  It put me in a nostalgic remembrance of the Eye of the Beholder series of PC games.  Challenging also!
,Recommended,251730,17428583,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Valle79,"If you liked the first game, you'll love this one. All the good things from the first game, and so much more!The control/movement scheme is a bit unusual and might take a bit of getting used to, but I don't think it detracts from the game in any way. Quite the opposite, it actually fits very well with the game overall."
,Recommended,251730,17574130,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,I was pleasantly surprised when I first played Legend of Grimrock 1. Grimrock 2 takes another big step forward by introducing a sprawling open world.+ Every bit as good as the first game with some big steps forward.+ The open world approach works well.- I still hate spell casting.Playtime: ~ 24h8/10
76561198030810231,Recommended,251730,17577101,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,LostfromtheStart,Insanely fun but I would recommend a guide.  Beat it on Hard and it was an intense sprint to the finish.
,Recommended,251730,16557138,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zilac,"Game is fundamentally the same as the first, this time taking place on an open island. Instead of being forced to go in one downward direction, you have to go explore and collect certain items from around the island. While I like the ability to go anywhere, and to be more open; it got very confusing at times.The additional classes to the game were a very nice addition, while not really adding TOO much to change the game completely.Felt like there were more varying enemies than the first, requiring a bit more thought for the combat process.Overall, would definately recommend for fans of the first, or fans of the classic Might & Magic series."
,Recommended,251730,16588486,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,dodeau,"This is the best game I played in a long time.Great setting:Huge game worldGreat puzzles, some harder than others and with occasions of really getting stuckScary dungeons with the possibility of certain death around each cornerLarge open outdoor spaces, which can make you feel quite lost, especially in the first half of the gameInteresting races, classes and battle systemBeautiful and diverse sceneryWhenever you get stuck at a puzzle there are enough side tracks to venture on until you get the epiphany that you need (for me, those often come after closing the game).Only puzzle solved feels like a victory, even if it was just a small one.My only negative experience with the game was its ending. Without spoiling, I can only say it lacked both originality and good playing experience.But do not let that prospect spoil the rest of the Grimrock experience, because hours and hours of thrilling gameplay lie ahead!"
76561198057035003,Recommended,251730,16534006,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Omgwtfbears,"It will eat up your free time, but it will worth every minute of it. Also, minotaurs carrying 200 kilos of food."
76561198053112683,Recommended,251730,15183345,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ferrante | GOS-D,"There is no way I can love this game more. Think of it like a first person puzzle with some RPG features. If that sounds good for you, buy it now!.//No hay forma de que yo ame este juego más. Piensa en él como un Puzzle en primera persona con elementos de RPG. Si eso te suena bien, compralo ahora!."
76561198226728888,Recommended,251730,16751703,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ColorSource,"extremely fun and challenging playthrough, nothing really abot this game i dont like"
,Recommended,251730,16620981,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[FCDI] Beast,"Great! Awesome game! Recommend it to everyone who likes puzzles, quick battles and oldschool dungeon crawlers like Stonekeep!"
76561198015079625,Recommended,251730,16689172,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ClockworkStorm,"The  SSI Goldbox games, Eye of the Beholder(s), and the others like it were games I and my brother grew up on. We saved and bought them as soon as we could manage. As soon as I heard of Grimrock I grabbed it and loved (even with the frustations brought on by some of the puzzles.). Then Grimrock 2 came out and I wondered if they could keep the pace of the first one. They did not....They improved on it. Streamlining character stats, expanded the game play and made the puzzles just as wonderful (an such as annoying) as the first. I am 2 orbs into the game with two more to find and loving every moment :)"
,Recommended,251730,16662161,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Greater Than Less Than,A'ight dis gud game
,Recommended,251730,16663449,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Darios,"This game is absolutely fantastic. It improves in almost every way on Grimrock 1, and gives the players a large world to explore, with multiple paths, interesting puzzles and challenges, and treasure everywhere. The lore and mysteries of the island of Nex await you!"
,Recommended,251730,16395494,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DezTheManiac,"Oh man, what an improvement on the original! Love the new mechanics, even if the injury system is a pain, the puzzles are fun, and I love that time is an element here. And it looks amazing! So glad I grabbed it."
76561197975582926,Recommended,251730,16208293,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,JayLaw,one of the best
,Recommended,251730,16186532,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Kusgras,LIGHT AND SKY AND FORRESTS !
,Recommended,251730,16341893,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,CakeDayZ,"Just bought this game 2 hours ago and this game blew my mind for expectations. Puzzles have been challenging and forcing me to think to this new game logic presented.Spent 18 minutes creating a crew, 10/10."
76561197993248610,Recommended,251730,16347739,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"Finally picked this up, instant recommend. I'm loving the outdoor map, simple refreshing change. Will buy more!"
76561198029904609,Recommended,251730,13621918,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,bear_storm,"This is essentially Legend of Grimrock, but more. There's a greater variety of enemies, the skill point system is tighter, there are different environments to traverse instead of an eternity of brick-and-moss walls to bump listlessly into, the fan community is generally helpful, and the game *can* be beaten by a casual dungeon-crawler without the need to refer to a walkthrough every five steps. That said, there are several major optional dungeons, old areas repopulate with new encounters after milestones in the plot, puzzle hints are scattered between zones to make back-tracks more productive, and classes have been added to the game, supplementing the new races with a broader range of build options at the game's start.Grim II is substantially more intuitive, with the worst puzzles being largely optional and timing-gimmick traps an occasional thing, rather than a whenever-the-developers-got-bored kind of affair. Pixel-hunt walls are also less in evidence (although the workshop community is working dilligently to fix that,) and fish restock themselves in ponds and rivers to cut down on starvation-induced unwinnable game-states.It is still possible to get locked into an unrecoverable state (invincible golems start appearing midway through the plot, and they can wall-abuse you into a corner if you're unlucky,) but rotating your saves will prevent this handidly.Basically: if you even sort of liked the original game, you're going to have a good time.If you didn't much care for Grim 1's formula, but you liked Eye of the Beholder or Ultima Underworld or similar titles, this is still worth a try.The only people I'd suggest give this a miss are people who want a smooth, continuous flow of play ala Halo, CoD, Skyrim, etc. Grimrock is largely about stopping and thinking about how you're going to proceed, and folks who have a strong negative reaction to things like substitution ciphers would do well to stay clear."
76561198045410042,Recommended,251730,13624897,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lemurian1972,"Old school dungeon crawler with new school looks! It's a beautiful game with very little in the way of hand holding, but really clear UI and tooltips to make getting an handle on stats skills gear a breeze. Loving it so far!"
,Recommended,251730,13608146,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Truz,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251730,13674275,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Axis of Entropy,Fixed everything I didn't like about the first game!
76561197993526679,Recommended,251730,13656063,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Grassble,Outstanding Game
,Recommended,251730,13663725,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Finsolacestrudempance,Excellent game for those who like classic RPGs.
76561197996658404,Recommended,251730,13801313,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,zdiles,"I thoroughly enjoyed Legend of Grimrock. Legend of Grimrock 2 is better on every level. It has excellent game play, is well paced and has an interesting story line attached to it."
76561198050098837,Recommended,251730,15607893,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,strafe5,"The only sad thing about this game is that I'm now finished. Can't speak highly enough about my experience. From an old time gamer who started with the classic 'Eye of the Beholder', this game is a pure delight. The graphics are very modern and the puzzles devilishly tricky. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,251730,15563730,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lydløse,"Epic sequel!The final boss could have been taken down 4-5 pegs, though. Horrendously difficult to beat when I've already cleared the game of any sort of resource."
76561198055852080,Recommended,251730,15567260,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lizard Wizard,I love this game and the first one. Great job! (Thanks for posting avatars!)
76561198007638328,Recommended,251730,15386847,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Farflame,"Great game, 46 hours in and still under half completed (I've got 10 of the 25 power gems and I have no idea if there's more after that). And still enjoying it!Better than LOG1 and, dare I say it, better than the original Dungeon Master :OOutdoor environments work just as well as indoor, lots of different dungeons. Monsters now have various tactics to keep combat interesting.My farmer has eaten his way to level 13 already! :)"
76561198027358747,Recommended,251730,15389937,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,RamsesIII,Fantastic old-style dungeon crawler.
,Recommended,251730,15390773,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,kapu,GOTY 2014
,Recommended,251730,15391261,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,LbaB,"Even better than the first, which was great. Simple and beautiful, with complex puzzles. Definitely worth playing and checking out the Workshop dungeons."
76561197995158485,Recommended,251730,15621875,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Searanox,"I powerful game, bigger and better than the original in just about every aspect.But it is certainly less grim and lessy rocky than the first game, I gotta say. It's much less linear, and I found myself struggling to realize that I was even in the presence of a puzzle sometimes. There was a lot of trial and error, and a lot of googling and help from friends for me on this one. Grimrock 2 is SIGNIFICANTLY more difficult than the first game, fight up to the final boss fight. I had neither the equipment nor the resources to take on the ""true"" final boss and had to settle for the normal ending.Don't get me wrong, I had a LOT of fun, but this one was a bit too difficult for me to enjoy as much as I did the first one. There's more fun loot, potion-crafting, varied enemies and environments, but it just soooooo difficult. And not in any adjustable way, either. You either solve the puzzles or you don't, trial and error doesn't help for most of them, either. Understanding the nature of the puzzle at hand REALLY held me back a lot. I mean I get it, it's a puzzle-dungeoneering sort of game, but wow. I felt stupid a lot of the time, especially late-game.I finished it and got the normal ending, and I felt like I earned it every step of the way. This is not for some people, this is not for your little sister to pick up and play. This is a series braintwister with finite-resource-management, deadly adversaries and complex lore (that doesn't really matter beyond flavor text).Very good, but I enjoyed the first game more."
76561198007513026,Recommended,251730,16032134,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,malcolmmackay224,"Despite a few issues, I highly recommend this game. If you liked the first one, you will probably like the second one even more (although I can see one some people seem to think otherwise).The sequel is huge, a much bigger game than the first LG. I liked the increased variety in the sequel, and having many smaller dungeons and a large overworld map is a big improvement. However, at times due to the size of the game, it was easy to get a bit overwhelmed. I didn't put enough notes on the auto map early in the game and sometimes forgot where things were. Later I documented everything, which helped a lot.My only major beef with the game is with some of the puzzles. I play this type of game as much for the puzzles as the rpg elements. Most of the puzzles are good to excellent, but for some I had to resort to hints. For these puzzles, whenI read the solution, I knew I would never have figured out the puzzle myself and I had no idea how the player was expected to figure the puzzle out. I didn't encounter this issue in the first Legend of Grimrock."
,Recommended,251730,15807097,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The Pizza Man,is gud
76561198042078407,Recommended,251730,15842862,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LEADER,"THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT! It is the original Grimrock BUT improved upon nearly EVERYTHING!The world is now broken up into segments of overworld and dungeon segments and a huge map to explore. A little critice i have with the overworld is that there whereas some areas and things where out of place and broke the otherwise flawless emersion, such as the desert. But these areas are few and very far apart. And otherwise the different areas blend seamlessly.They improved upon all of the enemy designs to make combat waaay more interesting. and the combat areas have become intense. They provide a good space to battle in and at the same time restrain you. The new leverage and water tiles are really cool and added a vast amount of new possibilities with map design. The new classes and the rat and lizard people where great additions.The puzzles are as expected well made with a few exceptions here and there but that is to be expected of a puzzle game. And the secrets are a blast to discover. and the addition of pirate treasures and chests where neat!this game is a must for anyone who wants more of the first Grimrock or want a puzzle game with intense moments and an emersive world this game is for you.It took me around 42 hours to complete this game so if you are short on time this game is maybe not the best buy thou. There is also a level editor for the workshop, sadly i find the workshop to be slightly lacking."
76561197989906616,Recommended,251730,15827513,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Steboost,"Compelling old school grid based RPG dungeon crawler that wont lead you by the hand. Fantastic fun, If you like that sort of thing."
,Recommended,251730,15973933,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ense,This game is enjoyable. Puzzle-solving has never been so rewarding. And there are plenty of secrets to be had in this tile-based dungeon crawler.
,Recommended,251730,15957506,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,MaCarBre,"Enjoyed it so much, recommend playing it on hardest difficulty with map grid, without google help ;)"
,Recommended,251730,15333925,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mr Balloonicorn,"Im trying my best to imagine a world that works like Grimrock 2.You're in the dark and you're fumbling for your keys.  you finally get them out of your pocket as you squint looking for the keyhole. Bringing up the key, you try your best to find the hole. you cant quite make it out as your eyes strain in the darkness, so trying your best you kinda just feel for the lock. The tip of the key bumps into the side of the door missing the hole at wich point you Wind Up Your Best Baseball Pitch and Chuck That Set Of Keys As Hard As You Freaking Can At That Bloody Door, UNLOCK U DOOR, I KNOW HOW TO KEYS JUST DO UR JOB!Also, tasty tasty wall pie. it fills you up right.I'd like to see this world."
,Recommended,251730,16670974,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Etex,Was joklingly feeding my Ratling party member all the cheese I found on the island when he gained a stat point from eating a piece. 10/10 would racially stereotype again.
76561198038074424,Recommended,251730,16676748,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mark S M,"At first, I thought Grimrock 2 was just Grimrock with the gimmic of outdoors. But I am amazed at how much different and better Grimrock 2 has become.  Everything has been enhanced from new and smarter AI to majestic environment.  If you are like me, you will find yourself dieing to clever traps and clever monster, only to find your self wanting to play more and delve ever deeper into the ""island of Grimrock?"".  I am not one to write reviews, but Grimrock 2 is that good."
76561198065806040,Recommended,251730,12536655,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ednooooo,So far just as fun and engrossing as the first game!!! It looks great and plays great! Be warned Grimrock 2 can be a bit obtuse and difficult but if you enjoy a challenge and dont mind saving every few minutes then 20 bucks is a steal for such a great title.
,Recommended,251730,12541299,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,kikkelityttö89,Naurava maahinen ja joukko kilpikonnia joukkoraiskas nurkkaan 5/5
76561198084866178,Recommended,251730,12541819,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,FearingNothing,"Not many hours into it right now, but it looks to blow LoG 1 away with its enhanced capabilities.  The outdoor scenes are a great add that I really missed in the first game.  I am enjoying the campaign for now but am really waiting for the modders community to pick up and add the bonus content.  I'm even thinking of working my own mod."
76561198047794943,Recommended,251730,12542820,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,HardBoiledHotDog,If u like dungeon crawlers and great music this is the game for you.
76561198032390069,Recommended,251730,12546383,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,sirwilfred222,Pumped 20 rounds into an evil rock-throwing leprechaun who retaliated by releasing a horde of angry turtles.10/10 would recommend
76561197993429739,Recommended,251730,12546566,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,HAZARD-bot,"Magnificent. They kept everything that was great in Legend of Grimrock 1 and expanded on it. It feels even bigger than the original and I can't put it down. It has monsters, combat, exploration, puzzles out the wazoo, even an occational scare! I have on multiple occations shouted out loud when some brand new beast rounds a corner and I'm caught with my pants down.It creates a great sense of adventure.What LoGR2 does different than LoGR1:-a wider variety of areas (swamps, beaches, castles, forests, and [don't you worry] more dungeons! And they are BEAUTIFUL)-non-linear exploration. (or at least more than before. think, 6 paths you need to complete but you chose the order and can backtrack)-vertical multi-level elements-a simpler, faster potion crafting system-more class types-a fifth species of characterWhat 2 still has from 1:-loads of monsters (most of them new [and more variety than even before], but you see some familiar faces)-loads of loot-loads of satisfying puzzles!If you liked the first, you'll love the second. I rather don't have a single negative thing to say about the game, but I will warn that it won't be for everyone. As a racing simulator lover might not love an FPS, and this game is a sub genre all on its own. The closest comparison I would make would be to an RPG (though I personaly enjoy LoGR's combat system more than any RPG's I've played) with more puzzles, but it really is D&D the video game."
76561197993997344,Recommended,251730,12546768,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mist,"If you have not had the chance to enjoy Grimrock I strongly urge you too help these developers out and purchase the game. The asking price for both 1&2 is crazy value. Not to mention the dungeon editor will allow for 3rd party creations, extending the life of Grimrock 2.The game is a masterpiece dungeon crawler, I am only 6 hours into the game. My ask of them for improvements would be to start adding voice acting to this and NPCs into the game, this will help drive the story and lore of Grimrock.When I think of one word about this game, it would be ""Quality""."
76561197971214586,Recommended,251730,12547755,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,[Mpx] Anarkha,\o/
76561198022835916,Recommended,251730,12558743,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Megadeth217,"This game is amazing. Grimrock one was great, but this sequel really raises the bar, graphically and gameplay. Its hard, but worth every bit of the challenge."
,Recommended,251730,12558843,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,The Sultan,"This is a great old school RPG dungeon crawler that speaks to new comers and veterans alike. Unlike in many modern games, loot is relatively scarce so every find feels meaningful. Each level feels impactful as well and you'll find yourself calculating each skill point.The game does an especially good job of being a old school western RPG while not bogging the player down with number crunching or a tedious inventory system. Enemies and environments are varied enough that you are always facing different challenges. A great game for any RPG fan."
,Recommended,251730,12558893,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Magnus Westin,"Very nice, I liked the first one and this followup is even better. I really like the mix of outdoors and dungeons. The combat and puzzels are basically the same as in the first game, maybe a bit harder sometimes. But not too hard. I would really recommend this game."
76561198010981788,Recommended,251730,12559023,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,TonkaTruck,It looks like it would be a really fun game if your into the whole heavy exploration thing. Its much more exploration than rpg so expect to do puzzle after puzzle.
,Recommended,251730,12559870,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Nomenanza,"Legend of Grimrock 2 proves what a good sequel should do. It improves everything the first Legend of Grimrock was good at, and adds even more. The freedom to take on any dungeon of your choice in the huge overworld and mind-boggling puzzles will surely keep you invested for hours; add to that a huge replay value with its indepth party creation screen, and custom dungeon editor for all new Dungeon Masters.A must buy for every dungeon crawling enthusiast."
76561197970284960,Recommended,251730,12560323,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Epoch,Excellent!
76561197986295702,Recommended,251730,12560432,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,olrait,"Love this game! So far even better than the first one, really enjoying it.Worth every cent."
76561198043236859,Recommended,251730,12560751,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Beiige,"I was a huge fan of Legend of Grimrock, countless hours I played of this game. I had followed what little news that was out about this game after i had completed the first for the 8th time... And to say this in a short few words, the day i saw it on the steam news i pre-ordered it and well... Here I am, absolutly in love with it. This game tackles the ""crawling"" theme so well, and gives you a great challenge of puzzles to combat to ironicly, survivel. I would recemend this game to anybody!!"
,Recommended,251730,12560923,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Ren,Not just wallsA real chin scratcherA few spooks to be foundBretty good boss battlesImproved in almost every wayBuy this game if;- You liked LoG- You gave up halfway through LoG- You desire to be an adventurer- You want to play as a Ratman
,Recommended,251730,12561913,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ConcordApe,"The map, is majestic.  This game is a total upgrade and revamp of the last game. Full explorable open world. Any person can be anything and everything at once."
76561198009358635,Recommended,251730,12562499,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mr. Satan Butterwolf,"MUCH better than the first one which was just a ripoff of Dungeon Master, an almost exact clone but missing much of the best of the original.  This one actually adds something and was fun but I forgot Grimrock lacks an autosave and it didn't mention it so I lost my first hour and half of play.  I kind of doubt I'll bother redoing that same beginning for a while since I have a ton of other games to play and while mildly entertaining the loss of progress like that is annoying.  Didn't know I could fall in water, didn't know how to get out again.More classes, not sure if they really matter yet.  I had hoped they would bring back the Dungeon Master magic system but they still have this simple version.The downside is the annoying lack of autosave which I'm now remembering was one of the irritations that made me not play the first one.  This one will have even more situations where you die unexpectedly.  Having to F5 constantly as you play is just ridiculous to me and disrupts the immersion.  Such a simple option to have it save every 10 minutes would probably be the difference between playing and not playing for me.The other downside is the lame puzzles.  Those are the true downside to these games.  Rather than real challenges it's puzzles that are jar you out of immersion because they make no sense.  It's puzzles for the sake of puzzles.  Is it a dungeon crawler or a puzzle game?  I like dungon crawlers, HATE puzzle games.  I can't not recommend it but I think it's not a good choice for me.  I hope someone makes one where it's about the dungeon crawling/adventuring and not random puzzles for the sake of random puzzles."
76561197985727954,Recommended,251730,12562697,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Trap,this game is pretty damn awesome.. grimrock 1 was cool but this definitely takes it to the next level. Awesome Job!!
,Recommended,251730,14607217,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Morkys_streamland,"If you liked the first game, you will LOVE the sequel. Buy it.Buy it now."
76561198082955438,Recommended,251730,14534291,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Yugi the gaming wizard,this takes the first one and makes it even more fun more classes one more race better skills to pick still can get more maps and is even more fun then the first one
,Recommended,251730,14585051,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Malien,"A fantastic sequal to an already great franchise, where everything (the setting, equipment, enemy types, puzzles etc) ooze a charm and style that sadly isn't to be found anywhere else.While writing this I have the original score from the game playing, and must say it rivals epic cinematic score of films like LotR and the like.A great deal, I can highly recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,251730,14740209,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Elcadion,Classic example of when less is more. I haven't had this much fun in nearly 20 years! Simple interface allows for old-school play-style. Well-done!
76561198042768006,Recommended,251730,15941147,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,iago,Don't read this just buy the game. Now.
,Recommended,251730,15835909,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,PraiseTheSun,"The Grimrock series is in a category of its own. It's a 1st person, tile based, puzzle filled, dungeon explorer with all-up-in-your-face combat. Legend of Grimrock 2 is one of those rare sequels that manages to improve upon perfection. More new mechanics, more unique enemies, more unique environments, more spells, more classes, more secrets, more enemy movement patterns, more of everything. You know the boss at the end of the first game? There's like 8 boss fights each of which are more challenging than the last. A++."
76561198046401773,Recommended,251730,13811859,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GorillaGrey,"I have just done what I expect is the intro/tutorial phase. About an hour into the game. That's an hour more than I needed because I fell in love with this game at character creation. It very literally feels like tabletop dnd brought into a video game. Picking traits, assigning stats, configring your party, and then you start actually playing! It is a lot of fun so far and the gameplay does not disappoint. I missed the holiday sale to get it at a discount, but bought it anyway because it seemed like it was up my alley. It was better than I imagined. Buy it, play it, love it!"
,Recommended,251730,13814563,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TetrisRick,"Takes the good of the old dungeon crawlers from yesteryear, and throws the bad in the trash.What does it play like?Imagine your step pepper strips you and your three friends nude, drives you out blindfolded to the nearest ghetto neighborhood, locks you in a dumpster, and drives away without a word.  Kind of like that."
76561198016547423,Recommended,251730,13814931,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ziraxer,game of the year for me
76561197971957695,Recommended,251730,13752957,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Riggers26,"A good puzzle game, that uses your mind, not a walk about fps."
76561198041276489,Recommended,251730,13790537,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bropane,"Pros:Both combat and puzzles are challenging yet maintain a fresh feel throughout the game.Free roam. The game truly doesn't hold your hand.Hints are plentiful and usually both easy to find and understand.Level editor and custom dungeon support.Game length is around 20 hours on a first playthrough depending on how hard you search for secrets.Plenty of secrets and treasures for you to find and toy with.Many different possible playstyles and party composition.Several bonus difficulty modifiers. Also, normal doesn't feel like easy.Cons:1v1 combat can be extremely easy once you learn the controls and monster ai.A flying enemy appears that is invulnerable to most types of damage far before most players have the ability to deal with it.Ran into a progress halting bug where a key didn't spawn. Upon reload, the key spawned. This could be a serious issue if a player is using some of the difficulty modifiers.Game design promotes certain party compositions and leaves some playstyles almost worthless.With the amount of available skills, it is disheartening seeing that you can only utilize a few per character due to the low amount of skill points received throughout.Specializing is key to effective party members from the start and there is no way to understand this without playing for several hours.If you are experienced or plan ahead, late game bosses and enemies become a bit easy as damage scaling coupled with potion usage makes for insanely strong builds.Overall, I found this game phenomenal. It steadily increases the challenge both through new variety in monsters and puzzles throughout a lengthy game in a natural way. The music is astounding and boss fights are intense. There are very few cheap traps and most puzzles can be solved quickly if you find and comprehend the hints provided. Secret doors are usually (almost always) audible from the location of the object that opens them so if you pay attention you can find them. If you get stuck, you can go to a different area for most of the game and come back later thanks to the free roam design. Enemies respawn (and get more difficult as your level increases) but it takes a considerable amount of time to the point where I've never seen them respawn in the current dungeon (note that I rarely slept throughout the game though). Progression is consistent and if you get stumped, walkthroughs will make you facepalm because the solution is usually right in front of your face. If you are looking for a challenging, enjoyable, long (compared to modern games), cheap (again compared to modern games), and gratifying game, Legend of Grimrock 2 could be the game for you."
76561198061228518,Recommended,251730,13819153,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fl00rMaster,"Legend of Grimrock 2 is a true sequal. I thought the first game was great but had many problems that left the game needing more. The main thing I love is how open the world is and how you can play the game in essentially whatever order you want, unlike the first game which was far more linear. The goal overall is to gain access to the final area, but in what order of areas to go to before that is pretty much up to you. This allowed me to work on another section or puzzle when I get stuck rather than just quitting or caving in to internet help. Speaking of internet help, you may need it. The game is very challenging and if you don't save often, you may find yourself raging...a lot. No deathes feel too cheap as eventually you'll learn to recognize everything as a potential trap, but be warned that it can be unforgiving at times. If you enjoyed the first game, then you'll enjoy it's sequal. If you didn't like the first game, this entry may have fixed what you disliked, but likely didn't. And if you haven't played the first game, I would recommend playing the sequal first and going back to the first game later on, if at all. It's a fantastic game, but it's certainly not for everyone."
76561198059467914,Recommended,251730,13700393,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Strik9,"For the Old school gamers only. I Wouldnt say i am one but i love dungeon crawlers and such.In Depth Team building. Atmospheric RPG. I hate figuring out puzzles in game. But this game actually makes them fun and interesting to investigate,Tile Dancing and dodging is my expertise."
,Recommended,251730,26882877,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XC_COOP,10/10 would get lost again
76561198055493846,Recommended,251730,26895972,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shinzy,I think it's pretty grape!
76561198044661863,Recommended,251730,26934134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fabiovic,This game improves all the aspects of the first LOG.After years (it was 1987) Dungeon Master has a competitor: long life to old school
,Recommended,251730,25111506,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,nicocrt94,"This RPG is undoubtedly hard, very hard. The enemies are tough (honorable mention for the elemental ones. They will become your nightmare) and some puzzles are difficult to solve and a bit frustrating at times. Nevertheless it's also a ton of fun and it will encourage you to find the best solution to deal with each monster, due to the possibilities of customization and the equipment at your disposal, which is quite remarkable.Legend of Grimrock 2 is probably not a game for everyone, but if you are looking for something challenging then give it a shot."
76561197968995705,Recommended,251730,24797044,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BlackEye,"I love this world with it's different biomes, riddles, secrets. I love the skill system, the party system, the grid based movement, the enemy design, enemy and game mechanics...You have to love this kind of games, but if you do, you will almost certainly love this one."
76561198041796034,Recommended,251730,24753021,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,n3rdie,Fun game. Really enjoyed the puzzles.
76561198009554741,Recommended,251730,23119813,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,kjdean2,"A fun game but extremely challenging puzzles.  Game play mechanics are easy but the puzzles are anything but intuitive.  Have a hint guide to help or you will NEVER finish this game.  I would recommend it but only just barely since the puzzles are so ridiculously tough.  Designers went overboard.  Like I said, get a walkthrough or plan on spending hours trying to advance the game without much success."
,Recommended,251730,24249301,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Lotus,"A really solid Dungeon Crawler.  8/10.  The live combat makes it more ""action"" orientated so if you're looking for something more turn based this isn't it.  Great atmosphere and graphics, not deep on the story.  Be prepared to die a lot but in doing so you'll never really become too attached to your party.  Puzzles are good if not a little hard at times.  To find everything you'll need a guide or walkthrough.  I tried to play each area clean, without looking anything up.  When I exhausted an area I'd look it up to see what I missed.  There's some replayability here if you want to try it on a harder difficulty or with a completely different party setup.  Looking forward to more from this dev."
,Recommended,251730,24261137,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TheEnemy,"In short: Fun, beautiful and a bit difficult old school challenge.Like it's predecessor it's a tip of the hat to the classic grid based fantasy roleplaying games back in the 90's, like Eye of the Beholder. It's a good mix of tough monsters and tricky puzzles, and there's a lot of variety in level design and theme for the different areas. Legend of Grimrock 2 adds outdoor areas, height differences (and ladders), underwater areas amongst other things, as well as new character options and both new and old familiar monsters. Some areas have quite impressive visuals that made me stop and savour it. And on top of it, it has multiple endings too. Well done, devs.A few puzzles were pretty much impossible for me to solve (or rather, realise what they wanted me to do), despite being attentive to a lot of details and finding most secrets without help. Thankfully there are a lot of online resources if you get stuck (always try a lot first yourself) but at the end of it, the puzzle part is good but there's room for improvement.Combat is mean, in the sense that you can't straight up fight anything. If you do, you're dead. Square circling or sidestepping is a must for surviving any encounter. This is just how LoG works but I think I would prefer a more straight on approach. On the good side, a lot of monsters have abilities that work against the circling, so it's still a fun challenge. The monsters are varied and fresh but if I should be building new maps with the ingame level editor I would like some of the more classical fantasy monsters as well.If you liked LoG1 or other games of the genre, it's definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,251730,15034292,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,nnn,10/10
76561197974214451,Recommended,251730,24646250,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,HeadHumper,Another gem from Almost Human Games. Oldschool gameplay at its best.
,Recommended,251730,12527608,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(07/10) - Near PerfectionNastalgia... a word i´ve never been able to fancy...This game made me realise what that world really means.I don´t like the battle system (as it is real time) but aside from that, i have absolutly nothing to complain about.Awesome atmosphere, awersome puzzles, awesome dungeon and world, awesome character creation, awesome game!Play it if you can, you won´t miss out (especially not for that price...).This was the original review leading to 9 points. Sadly i took 2 points away, due to extreme cheesy♥♥♥♥♥♥at the end. Unkillable enemies which can trap you so you have to reaload another save? God damn it devs.... god damn it..."
,Recommended,251730,24145223,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ertertert5,"Buy. This. Game.If you like riddles, a solid combat system this game is for you."
76561197994601982,Recommended,251730,24201733,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tyrell,very good sequel
,Recommended,251730,13726653,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Dungeon crawler puzzle game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is a dungeon Editor.There are plenty of different resolution sizes available.You can play the game in fullscreen, windowed mode or borderless windowed mode.There is a music volume slidebar available with %.There is a sound volume slidebar available with %.You can toggle mute the sound or music.You are able to turn off auto-save.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There is old school mode. (You play without a map.)Able to customize a character, including their stats.Decent character customization available.Has difficulty settings.Has ironman mode and single use crystal mode. (iron mode = only saved at crystals.)About the game.Before you are going to start the game, you will be able to chosen to customise a character at your own will and choose how many party members you wish to have with you on the adventure. There are different classes, races and traits/perks. The race of a character is quite important as each race as different stats. Some are good for tanking, while others are better for magical support.`You are able to build the character in the way you want him to build. You and your party members will be dropped into a pit and you will have to make your way out of it. You will have to solve puzzles, fight monsters, level up and survive traps. There is a food and stamina bar. if a party member is carrying too much he will slow down the team and if a party member is carrying TOO MUCH, This will prevent the entire team from moving. Each party member has a hunger bar and needs to get fed. They can't die out of starvation but whenever they are starving their Mana and health will not get regain back). There are crystals around the map. They are used as save stations but they can also be used to heal, cure and revive party members.Has food and stamina bar (Overloaded = can't move, Starving - no regain).Has alot of puzzles.Has secrets and collectables.Has a hidden character.Has save stations.Beautiful graphics.Decent soundtrack.Characters are able to level up and learn new things.Has a day and night Cyclus.Other things.You are able to use Custom images as portraits. This only has a cosmetic purpose and it is not giving you any advantages or disadvantages.-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
76561198005072557,Recommended,251730,17805193,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,swblaster,"This game is awesome! Old style, but addictive! Puzzles are a bit quizzy... but you can find the solutions easily in Youtube. Its graphic is much better than the grimrock 1 and the battle system is also improved. If you like puzzle games and old style RPG, I strongly recommend you to buy this game!"
76561198106535414,Recommended,251730,32791116,Posted: 25 June,all,Kathachiel,"Awesome game with a good difficulty level. I´m quite proud of myself of beeing able to solve most riddles myself :) (Had to look up how to get into the Pyramid, one thing inside the Pyramid, one thing in the castle and what all the talk about the shrine of balance was)."
,Recommended,251730,33261826,Posted: 4 July,all,stupid_angry_russian,I like it.
76561198003166377,Recommended,251730,33338023,Posted: 7 July,all,JeffJr,"My favorite modern dungeon crawler, Plays nice and reminds me of the Eye of the Beholder days."
76561197987047936,Recommended,251730,33524289,Posted: 13 July,all,The Squid,"Certain elements of Legend of Grimrock 2 might feel clunky to players coming from other genres and some of the puzzles might feel misleading or obscure, but this is a long, complex, good-looking game with lots of depth, cool puzzles, and great rewards for thorough exploration, as well as interesting difficulty modes if you're looking for a bigger challenge.Full reviewhttp://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2017/07/legend-of-grimrock-2.html"
76561197977358764,Recommended,251730,15028523,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Zero,"If you liked Legend of Grimrock 1, buy this game now as it's got everything the original had but with a more open world and significant improvements all around.  If you never played Legend of Grimrock 1, but have enjoyed older fantasy RPGs or even modern hardcore RPG experiences like Demons/Dark Souls, you'll probably find something to enjoy here anyway."
76561197975685641,Recommended,251730,15061955,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Barbouse,"Well, I was not sure if I would enjoy playing this game and I did.I had finished legend of grimrock but I did not remember why as my game time is limited and have tons of games on my play list.The concept is simple but effective: you feel good about solving those puzzle and about the simple but effective combat mechanism, skill progression and loot reward system. It's just like a page turner.... you want to get this next puzzle cleared.It's well executed as well but of course there is no deep story or NPC interaction, but overall it works and the little intrigue written in cryptic notes is usually enough to keep me wanting to finish the game.I barely looked for solution online, which is key to enjoy this game but as some explained, some puzzle are just really tough simply because you have to think in the same logic as the developers, which is obvious enough for most puzzle but a few are just too hard for me, especially as English is not my mother tongue. So a bit of cheating was necessary for me to stop giving up on the most obscure puzzle required to move ahead.So yes, I recommend this game if you read and know what to expect."
76561197974466537,Recommended,251730,15083026,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,platinumfingers,A very well done old school rpg with grid movement and mapping along with loot puzzles and real time battles.Brings me back to a certain type of rpg 10/10Buy the dual pack!
76561198076959342,Recommended,251730,14755826,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,iovandrake,"One of the greatest Dungeon Crawlers I have played. A great example of gaming incline so rarely seen the past decade. I definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys exploration, party planning, resource management, a beautiful world, and most importantly old school grid based movement."
76561197972530829,Recommended,251730,15003711,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,1CMF,Legend of Grimrock 2 expands on the simplistic design of the first game without losing the traditional style cardinal direction dungeon crawling. Additional combat mechanics and character leveling make for interesting forward thinking on how you want to build your party. Challenges and boss fights create an opportunity for goal oriented transitions in advancing into the island.LoG2 is an excelent addition and reminder of how deep and challenging a simple game design can be. Amazing game and highly recomended.
76561198041632152,Recommended,251730,15010846,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,nic.kavli,"Thought Legend of Grimrock 1 was a great game, but this version is just spectacular! A true RPG with puzzles, hidden treasures and more. Original and unique playing style unlike any other game. Really worth the money! Buy."
76561197975080743,Recommended,251730,14397206,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[HZ] DeerSlayer,Keep you Busy
76561198052320174,Recommended,251730,14295699,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,qmannennn,i threw 5 rocks in a row and missed the all from 1 meter. 10/10
76561198003420249,Recommended,251730,14361142,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Handy,"Great game. If you liked the first one, this is more of the same. They didn't reinvent the wheel here or break a whole lot of ground in game design. What they did do it pull Grimrock out of a cave successfully and provide a whole new set of clever (but reasonable) puzzles in an old school dungeon crawler shell. I don't really love the genre as a whole, but the first Grimrock made me change my mind and this one continues to shine. Well worth your time."
76561198042104558,Recommended,251730,14178926,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,grenedragon,"Simply put, it's a wonderful game. I was, at first, expecting to hate the ""old school"" style of play here, but it works wonderfully here. I've grown to love the sound of the finding secrets, the joy of finding a missed button, and solving a puzzle and really not being sure what it opened or where. It's easy to just play for a bit and come back and pick it up again. I could see myself playing though multiple times, maybe the next game I have 100 hrs into."
76561198031775089,Recommended,251730,14162248,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bancaster,"Great improvement on an already excellent game. The open world really adds to the experience, especially in terms of variety. Puzzles are even more clever and the combat more fun. That said, there wasn't really anything wrong with the prequel, either, so this one's 5/5 for sure."
76561198032498807,Recommended,251730,14118995,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ashurakain,"this is one of the best dungeon crawling games ive ever played, i can honestly state that it is a great successor the Dungeon Master series, except for 1 single exception... No invincible dwarven shopkeeper, with unlimited shop guards... other than that exception, great game... absolutely great game."
,Recommended,251730,13728844,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Yatzi,"This is a fantastic sequel to a fantastic game, expanding the mechanics and polishing the game.  The game might not be for everyone because of its slow pace but if you were a fan of the original, you'll love this game."
76561198201431728,Recommended,251730,13729300,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lord of the Pies,"I would personally give this game 10/10. I love everything about this game, The dungeon crawler aspect, the tactical thought-filled combat, the amazing secrets. The list goes on and on. One of the best things about this game is the fact that while many games will be like ""yeah you got a secret here's and achievement"" while legend of grimrock is like: you got a secret here's some loot and a note about all the secrets you didn't find while still feeling good about yourself. Overall definently recommmened."
76561197961678584,Recommended,251730,14258542,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bizzmo,One word describes this game... awesome... beeing and o'l EOB genre fanatic this game truly brings back the good o'l days with modern graphics and mechanics. Truly one of the best games out there. The best part is that if you are hungry yourselves for making your own adventure and share it with others the toolkit is easy to use and damn awesome. Almost Human... you truly are Almost Human for making such a good game.. you freaks! :P
,Recommended,251730,13967978,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Feeleep,"A proud sequal to the original, Legend of Grimrock 2 brings everything that the original brought to the table and then some. Great sequal to an already great indie title."
,Recommended,251730,13628983,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Azurehue22,"One of the most amazing games of the year. I'm not even that far, the game personally spooks me, but it's simply stunning. The Gameplay, the graphics, the collecting and exploration and overall sense of dread just keeps you going. You could turn a corner and get stuck by spiders, or collect a cool looking gun and get teleported to a dungeon surrounded by undead. The game has tons of hidden secrets too.It's simply amazing. If you're ok with jump scares, this is good. And these are actually pretty spoopy. Dark hallways,spooly sounds...It can get pretty spoopy!"
76561198056701854,Recommended,251730,13679889,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Autarck,"A sequel that seems to improve from the original in every way.Pros:- Fantastic level design. Features an outside world that can lead to dungeons, and then dungeons that can connect to other dungeons. It makes the world feel interconnected and organic.- Clever puzzles. The majority of the puzzles in the game are very mind-bending while also being reasonable enough to solve on your own.- Improved Combat. The enemy AI isn't perfect, but it's pretty damn good. Enemys will often move try to pin you down, dodge, and even flee. Also, if you're a wizard-lover like me, you'll greatly appreciate the improvements to the spell system, and the skill tree system as a whole.- VARIETY. This game does a fantastic job of making the world varied enough to keep it fresh while also making it consistant enough to make the world feel connected. Just when you start getting sick of an enemy type or a weapon that you have. the game will throw in something new. Even the puzzles have a decent amount of variety to them with some being reflex-based, being observent of your surroundings, thinking outside the box, and even cracking codes!Cons (I'm gonna be honest, these are pretty nitpicky):- While the inclusion of guns is nice, I feel as though they were a bit of a missed opportunity. I came across maybe a total of 3 or 4 firearms on my 1st playthrough, and for the often pitiful damage they do they aren't worth it for the amount of times they seem to malfunction and backfire. There is a firearm that's good, but you'll hardly use it out of fear of wasting the very small amount of ammo it has. Hopefully, they'll be buffed for Grimrock 3. *crossing every finger I got*- 2 or 3 puzzles in the game felt a bit lazy or too ambiguous, but they're greatly overshadowed by the amount of good puzzles in the game.- Legend of Grimrock 3 hasn't been made yet.10/10, Even if you're not a fan of dungeon crawlers, after this game you will be, take it from me, a guy who's never played a dungeon crawler before this one."
,Recommended,251730,13681851,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ezekial  🐸,This game is so much better then the first one. Almost played it straight through without taking a break.
,Recommended,251730,13703580,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Miggl,"This game really hits the spot, it brings back old-school D&D like Eye of the Beholder series to modern graphics. You have the constrained square-based movement of D&D games, along with leveling up your characters and looting ever better armor and weapons to somehow solve the various obstacles and puzzles put in your path. If you liked those type of D&D games, I can't recommend this enough! :)"
76561198044433976,Recommended,251730,13717902,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MasterChips250,"This. Is. Great.Legend of Grimrock 2 combines the wonderful dungeon crawler from the first game, (wich I also highly recomend) but successfully adds levels outside with there own deep feel and wonder to them. The look of the game cant be more beautifully crafted than it is right now. The gameplay is unlike anyother, you have a party of up to four in an RPG elament and must travel through an island riddled with all kinds of creatures...+Very good sound and visual+Still the same Grimrock gameplay+More of everything!-Framerate dips a bit when loading/saving and above on land.10/10    Patiently waiting for sequel"
76561198027716374,Recommended,251730,13590917,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kainminter,"Loved Eye of the Beholder 1&2.Liked Legend of Grimrock.Absolutely loved Legend of Grimrock 2.This is a huge improvement over part 1, and still feels like a great throwback to the EOB games.If I could complain about one thing, I wish the enemies were a little less ruthless.Here's hoping for a third one."
,Recommended,251730,13596744,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ed   Lizardo,"One of my Favorite games! waited endlessly for the second instalment to thd first game and i tell you it does not dissapoint.if you like dungeon crawlers and puzzle based ga,es then this is the one for you. Create classes to fit your playstyle be it a DPS, Attk Power, or Range or create a mix of all three. Classes have also have had a nice overhaul.You get roughly 14 SP per character by endgame, so choose wisely."
76561197965223524,Recommended,251730,13602554,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Orjantappura,Supa good epic mystery secret roleplaying adventure game
,Recommended,251730,13603483,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tolan,Absolutely incredible Old-School first person dungeon crawler.
,Recommended,251730,15147596,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Soarel,I can play a party entirely composed of rat-men.My life is complete.
76561197985701653,Recommended,251730,14952486,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Falst,Great game if you enjoy a challenge. Not for the faint of heart.
76561197976627316,Recommended,251730,14954742,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,strangely,Even better than the first.Loved every minute of it...
,Recommended,251730,12564814,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,supercrazy,"The game's rules act as a language composing a collection of contextualized logic and execution puzzles. The rules are established from the beginning and the bulk of the game is figuring out how those rules are applied to obstacles.The open level structure makes the game dynamic without sacrificing balance in difficulty. The only time I scolded the game for unfairness was in the final battle.The attention to detail in audio and animation is outstanding. Light, color and form guide the player. The visual language is clear-cut despite the challenges of presenting an organic environment in a grid.The progression is satisfying and the buildup leads to a discharge of climatic clichés. I wasn't disappointed because, frankly, I wasn't expecting much. That's alright since I don't speculate while playing Grimrock, instead I focus on the puzzle at hand, enjoying the flow the game puts me in."
76561198052212244,Recommended,251730,12565439,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,alan_behenna,"`LOG1 was good for Old School RPG Fans, this is even better!"
76561198028385016,Recommended,251730,12566270,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Verbeeg,I hate shrubbery.
,Recommended,251730,12566373,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,dog in can,"Played and finished on hard difficulty. Came away with the best feeling since playing through Dark Souls 1 for the first time. Not to say this game is similar in terms of combat, oh no far from it. But the addicting interconnected world that is begging to be explored and for you to find out all of it's secrets is all there. Because of this you actually feel how you've progressed  throughout the game, and how much stronger you've become as you breifly run past old areas. This is an itch for me that so very few games get. Every puzzle and enemy encounter left me wanting more and more until the very end. Well worth the money as you'll probably spend more than 30 hours on your first play through. On a side note I found that the Itemization in this game feels nearly perfect. You're constantly finding new gear and upgrades. So much that I would say this game defies what a lot of RPGs like to do nowadays, and that is bloat their games with armors and weapons that serve little to no purpose or ""Vendor Trash""."
,Recommended,251730,12568099,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Mons,"A very very good sequel worthy of its name. Legend of Grimrock 2 features many of the familiar mechanics seen in the first game, yet it improves upon the AI significantly, where they are less rigid in movement and are able to avoid your strikes or even counter-attack you as you move to their side, seemingly learning from your actions (a tactic commonly used in the first, where you strafe to their side and attack before strafing away). It features the grid-based movement and introduces new weapons, weapon attacks (special attacks) and a new race to boot. The puzzles are more interesting this time around and arguably the difficulty has been upped. Boss battles are exciting and there are many hidden areas for you to find, with each hidden area becoming more and more difficult to discover as its clues become more subtle. The maps have also been increased in size, where multiple paths can be taken for you to try out different puzzles, leaving you with the option to come back later if you wish. The visuals have also been improved and are quite impressive. A definite must-buy if you are a fan of the first game."
,Recommended,251730,12585134,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,fraxyl,"If you like the original Legend of Grimrock (LOG hehe), you're likely going to enjoy this just as much. The addition of outdoors areas is quite nice, but feels really weird given the gridlike nature of the game.If you've not played LOG1 before, it's an old school, grid based, party o' four RPG. Kind of a hybrid between turn-based and real-time. Pleasant graphics."
,Recommended,251730,19322214,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Samsara,Rocksolid!
76561198168862646,Recommended,251730,19388825,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,twoodjr,Good game but not my style.
76561197971446226,Recommended,251730,19314763,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NastyNine99,"I'm really enjoying this game so far! I'm impressed with the variety of scenery you get exposed to. I don't understand why they didn't show off all the different locals on the store page. The cemetary, the forests, the graveyard, the castle, the crypts, the mines, the streams, etc. It's always something different.Some new features in this genre: Guns, gloves, walking underwater, smooth movement after the first couple of steps - really great and something I was hoping for.Discovered you have two sets of weapon loadouts for each character - for example a gun and ammo in one set, and dual weild daggers in the other. NICEAI: all of the enemies seem to have unique AI and abilities and it's really refreshing to this genre. Some enemies have instant attack to thwart the sidestepping exploit common in this type of game, and some can transition between tiles quickly, or even jump to other tiles. New enemies that can occupy your grid (pack of rats) create new combat scenarios. Combat is generally very challenging, fun and rewarding.The puzzles so far haven't got me stuck for long because it seems like there's always somewhere else you can go, and that tends to help you figure out what to do. Great design. :)10/10 this is such a great game - one of the few games I'll play to the end. This game is maybe not for everyone but out of the tens of thousands of games I've played, the Dungeon Master and Grimrock series will be ranked in my top 10 best games list.I wish the game had a vignette filter (darken screen edges) and a brightness control. It would really make it pop. The textures are quite nice."
76561198132414385,Recommended,251730,19365801,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Robert Smith,Hours of Fun solving puzzles while fighting your way through mazes and monsters Definitely worth your money
,Recommended,251730,19433746,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Khogn,"Challenging, compelling, addictive, atmospheric, lengthy and wonderful, Legend of Grimrock 2 is far superior to its predecessor and easily one of the best games of 2014. The balance between combat and puzzles is finely tuned even if the game can be frustrating in some aspects. If you like varied and difficult dungeon crawling adventures, you cannot go wrong with this one. Warning: this is not a cake walk and definitely not for the faint of heart."
76561198051011267,Recommended,251730,19444960,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vizzy_42,Legend of Grimrock 2.Twice the amount of time spent staring at the wall looking for secret buttons.And loving (and fearing) every second of it.I can't reccommend this came enough.
,Recommended,251730,19534249,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dimdimnik,This is the best RPG strategy game I have ever played. 10/10
76561198025191112,Recommended,251730,19660507,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,endi,"pros:-good and detailed graphics-good level design-hey, this is an open world game!-good environment types-good use of 3d in level design (for example you can move in the deep of water)cons:-bad frame rate in the forest (gef430)-sometimes turns very hard in easy mode too-again, lack of story (as in part 1)"
,Recommended,251730,19706993,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,LepcisMagna,"Excellence in Craft is displayed here - quite possibly the most well-designed video game I've played, with very little to complain about (But oh, those impossible puzzles)."
76561198062525210,Recommended,251730,26122256,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,avaririot,This game a is a real joy.  I haven't played every dungeon crawler under the sun but I've played a few and this one is as good as they come.
76561198008895455,Recommended,251730,23999431,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fodzor,just awesome.
76561198054061867,Recommended,251730,23636341,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rocket Tacos,"A surprisingly great find, hadnt played the 1st one so I had no idea what I was in for.  Awesome combination of rpg  and puzzle solving story while under constant attack fromt the dungeon mobs, and hunger. Try it if you think your good at survival adventures."
76561197993291004,Recommended,251730,25709955,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Devourer of Souls,Absolutely amazing game! they don't make dungeon crawlers like this anymore and we definetly need more dungeon crawlers. hope they make another one soon. two things i have to point out and that's the fact that it's grid movement but not turn based combat wich can seem very stressfull at start. also i wish it was random loot generator and not preset where loot is. other than that it's amazing.
,Recommended,251730,26059454,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gargoylenbe ✌,What an incredible adventure...
,Recommended,251730,26239149,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,antiyoupunk,"I love this genre, and this is the first (with the possible exception of Grimrock 1) to really capture my interest. It's very well designed, and has all the attributes that make games like this fun.If you were a fan of Dungeon Master or Wizardry, I highly reccomend this and it's predicessor"
76561197979928405,Recommended,251730,12561681,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,JINAK,This continues the story of the first Legend Of Grimrock. Really fun play and good game. If you liked the first you'll like the second. Added in some new elements and hopefully they make more!
,Recommended,251730,26468759,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,killdefenses,"As a fan of tabletop OSR rpgs (D&D Basic, LotFP, BFRPG, DCC etc), LoG2 is almost perfect. As much as I love dense RPGs like Pillars of Eternity or Wasteland 2, a simple dungeoncrawler is all I want at times. Kick down a door, ♥♥♥♥ things up and grab the loot. The puzzles, difficult combat, spellcasting runes and simple character creation are all great elements. Only real negative that comes to mind is an often frustrating control scheme. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,251730,26523983,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Hupsel,"Amazing dungeon crawler, one of my favorites of all time. I love the combat and I´m actually glad it isn´t turn based. Lots of places to explore, some nice (and difficult) puzzles and getting a new weapon always fills you with joy in this challenging game."
76561198044421867,Recommended,251730,28509213,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kenji,"Loved the game, got all the achievements, and spent over 80 hours on this gem.Here's to hoping that future releases will have shops (like the good ol' Dungeon Master II), randomly generated contents (similar to Grimrock Unlimited), better spell selections (no more rushing Fire 5 / Air 3 for meteor storm on all mage characters), and character biographies while creating custom ones.I still occasionally come back to this game for some quick action and satiate the need to create custom characters."
76561198009055468,Recommended,251730,28659639,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stryx,"Great old school Dungeon made in modern style. If you loved Dungeon Master series, Eye of Beholder etc. This is for you."
76561197963973496,Recommended,251730,23330130,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,Amazing! A simple design that requires some thought while playing.  I highly recommend the 1st GrimRock as well.
76561197964786631,Recommended,251730,23173779,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sven,"Even better than the original, and that was one of my favorite games ever!awesome dungeon crawler"
76561198052364426,Recommended,251730,23245359,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BadRaZoR,This game holds a special place in my heart and ranks as one of my favorite all time games
76561198089593851,Recommended,251730,22541075,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sub-0NT,"A successful sequel to a very successful dungeon crawler, nothing to add, except, it is bigger, longer and now has open world mechanics. Devs just took an already working formula and have added some new & fresh elements. This is a perfect example how a proper sequel should be made."
,Recommended,251730,22606458,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Axton,"Distinctly old school dungeon crawler. Everything about it oozes atmosphere, from the fantasy setting to the challenging puzzles set by the dungeon master like owner of the mysterious island."
76561198041940354,Recommended,251730,22526125,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Falstad,I generally don't write reviews but I had a few minutes and really feel this game is a gem.  It's Eye of Beholder from the old days all over again.  It's got great combat.   I dislike puzzle games but I find these puzzles to be quite doable with some thought.  I'm about 20 hours into the game and continue to look forward to playing everytime I get the chance.Get this on sale and enjoy!
,Recommended,251730,15695928,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,a puffin,flippin great
76561198043771293,Recommended,251730,14025400,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Simm,"Oh please fix these glitches soon, I want to play this game for hours, without getting kicked out to my desktop by error reports and the game freezing.  This game is great, please dedicate all efforts to fixing it."
,Recommended,251730,13839996,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,7Soul,"Considered by many one of the best games of 2014, and with a good reason"
76561198031313654,Recommended,251730,13778987,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Namexe,Done! Really excellent game! 5/5
,Recommended,251730,14144302,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dudeshoot Mankill,"Woah, hold on there. Why are you even reading this review? Grimrock 2 is better than any videogame you've ever played. That includes Fallout 2. Yes, you heard me.2014 brought a lot of RPG's, Original Sin, Wasteland 2 and lots of other♥♥♥♥♥♥ Grimrock 2 trumps all those games.A warning though: This game is hard, with lots of puzzles that'll make you admit you're just not that smart and reach for google."
76561198026655416,Recommended,251730,14144900,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BlazeInFlames,"This game is amazing. I've been a fan of first person dungeon crawlers since the AD&D days in the 90s. I loved the first Legend of Grimrock but the sequel adds so much it's mind-blowing. The devs improved on almost every aspect of this game (except for simplifying the skills, but I can get over that). If you liked LoG1, GET THIS GAME. A lot of the gripes about LoG1 are fixed in the sequel. HIGHLY recommended. I've played this game so much since release that I've begun speedrunning it."
,Recommended,251730,13931922,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Havok4,Really good rpg. They did a great job of eliminating the very repetative visuals that kept grimrock 1 from being nearly perfect and made the secret filled tactical gameplay more interesting that ever. I heartily reccomend it.
,Recommended,251730,13941147,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sleepy,"This game is fantastic. It's got just the right mix of puzzle solving, RPG party building, exploration, and combat. It's a fun game to play in short sessions, but even better when you've got a few hours to really work your way through a dungeon or landscape area.If you were a fan of the first game, don't hesitate to pick this up. It's an improvement to what was already a great game series."
,Recommended,251730,13941707,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fant,"In short:Really great game. If you liked LoG1 (and other games like Dungeon Master) you'll also love this one.Pro+ Improved and more variable monster behavior than LoG1, e.g. frogs which can leap behind you, some will move sideways etc.+ Great Puzzles! Be prepared to read notes, combine those hint with the riddles of statues, map fragments and/or environment sounds.+ No bugs or similar problem for me.+ Nice maps, with different environment styles+/- Spell and combat can be very stressful :)Cons- Characterdevelopment is somehow not transparent (for me at least). Some skills are very powerful, some are useless. At least from my perspective.- I'd love to have slighty more items in game available. I really don't like it, when you have only 3 different weapons per character the whole game."
76561198005460648,Recommended,251730,14490698,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Princey,"Great game. Brilliant in fact,-hours and hours of gameplay but the puzzles....they get to be too much. Don´t want to use guides all the time so this is a great game IF you have a lot of time to spare to figrue them out. I´m about 2 thirds through may finish one day.."
76561198072606911,Recommended,251730,14468025,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PaladinPon3,"(Quick review) If you liked the first one, you'll love this one. It's more open but puzzles are more difficult.(Long review) Improves upon it's predecessor in every way. A more flexible leveling system, multi-floor puzzles, a slew of new items and enemies, open ended exploration, and gorgeous outdoor areas.It should be noted however:this game is hard......I mean really hard...really really really hardSo much harder than it's predecessor in fact, that unless you are a Russian puzzle solving prodigy, you will never beat this game without a walkthrough. Ever. The puzzles are that obscure sometimes.Even so, It's worth every second of gameplay, so long as you open a walkthrough when you get stumped."
76561197977397440,Recommended,251730,14413520,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Testishot,"This is a wonderful contemporary dungeon crawler rpg that manages to retain a retro feel. I had long felt a bit disappointed that these types of games were no longer being made as we moved into the modern age of gaming. I had actually been made aware of this game before the first Grimrock, though I have since purchased the first LoG after finishing this one.The movement might feel restrictive to people who are not accustomed to the genre, however this game is one of the most rewarding experiences I've had playing a video game in years. The story is a bit barren and vague, however the gameplay itself is what makes this game great.The combat is difficult enough to keep you on your toes until end-game, and the puzzles are challenging enough to keep you engaged, requiring discipline and a sharp mind to figure out, however not so vague that your average gamer won't be able to get through the game if they really tried.If you are new to the dungeon crawler genre, then there is no time like the present! Just don't give up, and don't use any walkthroughs or online help. If you are into a more diablo-like or Skyrim-like experience, you might be a bit frustrated by this game. This isn't exactly a general audience-oriented game. It is certainly pointed at an older generation of gamers, however effectively modernized. It's challenging, it's beautiful, it's about time for these types of games to make a comeback."
,Recommended,251730,14423277,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vayl ♥,"I can't get enough of this game, and it blows me away that it's not a full-blown $50 title. When was the last time you played a game that weaved quick combat and puzzle-solving together in a way that didn't break it up into separate pieces? Where you had to -think- to solve a mystery or open a door, rather than inserting the blue key into the blue keyhole? Where you've had a genuine 'ah ha!' moment that lead to a trove of interesting secrets, literally scattered throughout the game? Satisfying titles like that are just too few and far between.The core of the game revolves around four prisoners trapped on an island following the destruction of their ship. As they begin to explore, they soon come to realize being brought to this monster-ridden island was far from an accident. True to the pen-and-paper nature from dungeon-crawlers of yesteryear, the entire game takes place on a tiled grid, and each step you make moves you from tile to tile as you venture across the island. You can develop and refine your characters to become hardened warriors, gun-wielding rogues, spell-casting wizards, and a number of other fantasy classes (and, by the way, you can import custom character portraits and have your party members be just about anyone you can think of). The combat in the game takes place over this grid that your characters are confined to, and becomes surprisingly diverse once you start to build up spells and abilities. The real core of the game, however, lies in its secrets and its puzzles. There are hundreds of them, over a stunning and surprisingly diverse map. I just can't get enough of it. Folks who really enjoyed that aspect in Morrowind and Skyrim would adore that about this game.If I had to be critical, there's not really much of a story, and for the most part no voice acting whatsoever. I suppose some people might find the grid-pattern of movement annoying, but I found it very helpful with combat. Most of the flaws are completely ignorable for me, with the exception of one or two puzzles being -incredibly- hard. Then again, solving them was also tremendously satisfying.I think most everyone (sans players who're Call of Duty addicts and multiplayer-only gamers) will find something to enjoy here. I'd recommend it even at full price --which I personally think is a steal."
,Recommended,251730,14477640,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cr'ia,"An extremely high-quality dungeon crawl, built with loving care.  Great music, art, and gameplay, with no major flaws.  If you like the idea of a challenging dungeon crawl with a good mix of exploration, puzzles, and combat, this is perfect for you."
,Recommended,251730,15322096,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Exarch,"Come to the Island of Nex, and bring a friend! Due to it's focus on brain over skills, Legend of Grimrock 2 is a hidden gem of cooperative gameplay.A keen eye and a good idea is all it takes to help each other out - as well as keeping an eye on the party's well-being in combat.Did I mention gorgeous graphics? Puzzles that actually deserve the name? An open world, in which you can choose what dungeon to tackle next?All in all: Great fun, highly recommended!(Regarding my 5 minutes playtime: My wife and I played the game on her account via family sharing.)"
,Recommended,251730,15323018,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TechNikky,Loved it. Old school inspired party based RPG with awesome graphics and a twist ending. SO GREAT.
,Recommended,251730,15444908,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Darklight,"Great second title to an amazing first.LoG 1 had the advantage of being able to surprise with something new, LoG 2 builds upon that and (almost) makes it even better..."
,Recommended,251730,15516332,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,hi_bias,"Let me just dig into my 'classic Amiga games' analogy bag for a second.*rummage, rummage*OK. If the original Grimrock is Eye of the Beholder, then the sequel is Knightmare.Next up, a scifi game inspired by Captive 1. Pretty please?"
76561198203666580,Recommended,251730,22282966,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,regnisMP,Definitely yes:)
,Recommended,251730,22202610,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nasty Pirate,"A ♥♥♥♥ing amazing role playing game!! Light years better than its predecessor, the game is more immersive, takes you in outdoor places as well as the dungeons but also has underwater environments. Gameplay is similar to the first one with some extra features like single click to cast spells (very very effective). The game offers some amazingly hard modes like using the crystals only once (which is what I'm attempting at the moment hehe) and saving the game only once per crystal giving a more hardcore experience! I accidentally clicked cancel at a crystal and lost the save chance... terrible experience. Do I recommend it? Hell yeah!PS: The first time I ran it I experienced some really low fps (~20). It was fixed by enabling triple buffering on the nvidia control panel. Just saying..."
76561197968691770,Recommended,251730,22236725,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Unbeugsam,"Good old times in a new good looking package. Graphic is nice, the fights are challenging and the puzzles are tricky.  Absolutly recommend for fans of old titles like ""Eye of the beholder"", ""Stonekeep"" etc. Overall: nice game"
,Recommended,251730,22271731,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Orc,the puzzles r so awesome that I lost my hairnow I look better without hair and there is a new life ahead of me!I am looking forward for Legend of grimrock 3 to lose my body hair. epilation costs much!
76561198045179589,Recommended,251730,28004029,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GuiltyGem,"A very well done RPG in the vain of old school Dungeon Crawler games. Interesting puzzles, a wide variety of maps/environments, and a large selection of enemy to fight. The game treats the player in a way that no other game in the past few years have been able to replicate, requiring you to actually think as you go along your advanture, plan ahead, and doing a bit of research. For such an old genre, it's aged surpisingly well."
,Recommended,251730,28015337,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CalebAlpha,Grimrock with a bigger budget. Love it.
,Recommended,251730,24287419,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nuclear Kangaroo,"oh boy oh boy, as my Legend of Grimrock review made it abundantly clearhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/nuclearkangaroo/recommended/207170/LoG1 is one of my favorite indie games, and Legend of Grimrock 2 is one of my favorite games EVER period.the best way to describe this game is ""Legend of Grimrock... but BETTER"", more Legendary, more Grim, more Rocky, all the base mechanics from the 1st game remain in place so i wont waste much time explaining itthe Legend of Grimrock series is a grind based dungeon crawler RPG series in which you control a group of 4 characters, you fight monsters and solve puzzles, thats the short verion. what makes LoG2 even superior to its predessesor is content, variety and the expansion of the core mechanics, instead of exploring a single big dungeon in the game, you explore an island filled with multiple dungeons and secrets, to returning players of the series this game truthly changes things up with the addition of these open environments and the classic dungeon gameplay is still there, you only have to enter the numerous caves, temples and dungeons to experience it againthe basic combat has also been expanded, the game now has a new type of weapon, guns as well as 5 new character classes and a new race, the ratling, also the devs have made other classes besides the mage a little more fun to use (the mage remains just as fun to use dont worry), certain weapons now have special attacks that add versatility to each character and you unlock new perks and abilities as you level up your class skillspuzzles, a major feature of the last game are back and with force, this game has some very incredible puzzles, almost all of them are hard but fair, i can really count 1 or 2 puzzles AT MOST in the entire game that followed a very weird logic, for almost everything else, you just need to use yer brains, im actually very proud of the fact i didnt need to use a guide for any of the puzzles in this game, unlike the first gameenemies also received an overhaul, the main strategy of the first game, running in circles around them, is much less effective now since the enemies turn faster and many have moves that make it very hard for the player to circle strafe, and hell the game now has more than 1 boss and they are all great and challengingif theres one thing i wasnt a fan of in this game, is the new limb injury system, basically, some enemies/traps/enemy attacks have a chance of crippling your head/legs/feet/right arm/left arm, each crippled limb applies a different debuff, these can only be removed by either consuming a red potion or touching a save crystal, now this on itself is not bad, except for the fact that FALLING DOWN PITS CAN CRIPPLE YOUR LEGS AND/OR FEET, those who played the first game should be able to see the problem with this, the LoG series often hides secrets or alternate routes down pits, there are no ""bottomless pits"" in these games, every pit leads to a lower level you can explore, usually you will want to use the stairs tough, because in the first game, falling down these pits hurt you, in LoG2 however, it hurts you and CAN cripple you, this is made worse by the fact some puzzle and obstacles send you down pits if you fail them, adding to the frustration. now to be fair LoG2 added a new item, the rope, which allows you to descent pits without taking any damage, still, until you manage to find a rope, your LoG1 habits might lead you to a nasty experiencei suggest anybody interested in LoG2 plays LoG1 first for two reasons:1) its a great introduction to LoG2, since the game doesnt have a particularly good tutorial, those who played LoG1 should be able to get around LoG2's mechanics more easily2) this game is such an upgrade over the first game that is almost impossible to go back once you finish LoG2, is just so much better than a game that was already greati cannot recommend Legend of Grimrock 2 enough, its my 9th favorite game of all time, a goddamn masterpiece"
76561198341756331,Recommended,251730,29173936,Posted: 10 January,all,Lord of the Gord,"Legend of Grimrock 2 is similar to the first game in a lot of ways but this game is set outdoors on the Island of Nex which allowed for bigger areas. The skill system has been overhauled and way less linear as you can increase any type of skill regardless of your class, classes only provide some bonuses and such but you can progress whatever you want. They also retained the unique rune based magic grid casting system but instead of clicking on each rune you have to connect a line between runes to cast spells. Another thing this sequel retains is the amazing atmosphere and story through notes you find throughout the game. Their are 5 races which are humans, insectoids, minotaurs, lizardmen, and ratlings. you can create 4 characters for your party like the first game and they also added firearms to the game as a new weapon type and skill as well as overhauling the alchemy system by adding an alchemy skill and a plethora of ingredients and potions which are very useful as well as elemental bombs. I hope my review has convinced you to buy this amazing game but I recommend you play the first one as it is easier to learn and get players into the genre of party based dungeon crawlers of the olden days. Hopefully the Legend of Grimrock series gets more players into this type of RPG because their are a handful of these kinds of games from the 90s that are amazing such as the Might and Magic franchise or Eye of the Beholder series and much more. Thank you if you read this review and please buy Legend of Grimrock 2 as it is a sequel done right in every single way but Legend of Grimrock 1 is an amazing game as well and much better at getting players into these games."
,Recommended,251730,12560277,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,SebastianBastian,"Probly the best explorer game I played in a very very long time. I want to solve all the puzzles, find all the secrets! I get a strong sense of tabletop role playing when I play grimrock 2.One of the first games I bought on release for full price and not on sale."
76561198016989249,Recommended,251730,29652484,Posted: 2 February,all,Alexander Mirdzveli,The best gride-based RPG! Everything's just perfect.
76561198023484180,Recommended,251730,20597911,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,s7r83dg3,The mother of all games
76561198198822967,Recommended,251730,29934191,Posted: 14 February,all,Rathar,This game goes back to autentic dungeon crawling.  Back to a time when puzzles needed to be solved and notes taken.  It's very refreshing in a world of hack and slash and instant gratification (random drops) were monsters are hand picked as well as treasure. It dosen't go overlooked the time and detail.  At first grid based seemed a little to far; howerver in this case it is needed to provide the original feel of the dungeon environment.  Of course the use of torches and food also add an element of survival.  I would reccomend this game to anyone who want an adventure that you need to use your brain to solve.
76561198025434087,Recommended,251730,29289024,Posted: 15 January,all,robertdrake910,"A superb sequel that brings everything the original had back to the table, and adds so much more to enjoy!While maintaining the atmospheric emersion of the first game, Legend of Grimrock 2 presents us with a plethora of new settings.  A bright sunny beach is the first, which will welcome you and ease you into the game.  Soon enough you'll be making your way carefully through the dense murk of the swamps, or plumbing the lake depths to see what secrets they hold.  Each location has its own personality, and while dungeon crawling through actual dungeons is still a significant portion of the game, the diversity really helps to mix things up.Speaking of diversity, there are more enemies which have a much broader array of attack patterns.  Some can leap or charge at you from one square away.  Some can hop over you to attack your side.  Some will burrow through the ground to pop out and ambush you.  Added to this are a number of bosses!  Each has it own powerful attacks, and most also have an array of minions to trap you.The puzzles and secrets are back in force, and clever gamers will find no end to the rewards that can be found with a little patience and a good eye.  Character creation now has quite a number of new and interesting options, including the Alchemist and the Battle Mage.  If you're looking for a challenge you can also take the handicap class, the Farmer.  Generally speaking the Farmer is intentionally worse than the other classes, but dedicated gamers can make them into forces to be reckoned with!Legend of Grimrock 2 is truly an excellent game, and I would recommend it to all fans of the genre."
76561197971486329,Recommended,251730,32399144,Posted: 13 June,all,Tyroil Smoochie-Wallace,"This game is dope. One of the best games I have played in my entire life. It is so much better than the previous game (which was already very great), because it improved on so many levels while keeping the core mechanics that everyone loved about the old game.They have reworked the character development which now makes it much more versatile. It allows you to combine races, professions and skills to create unique combinations. Do you want to have a tank or prefer to dodge the damage? Do you cast shield spells to protect yourself against elemental damage or do you choose the lizardmen who are resistant to the elements? Imagine the possibilities!They also added a third dimension to the game, allowing you to climb ladders within a level. The map was improved a lot, making it easy to navigate the much more non-linear environment.As always, the puzzles are very challenging and it is almost impossible to find all secrets. However the game is very rewarding.The combat stays more or less the same. However, they added some new features like a secondary weapon layout to make it more flexible and very diverse enemy types.If you like challenging games and have no problem with walking in squares like an idiot, buy this game right now!"
76561198071929181,Recommended,251730,18036263,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,GraysonSensei,"underrated game due to strange tiled combat mechanics, 10/10 have played again"
76561198000632046,Recommended,251730,33567430,Posted: 15 July,all,C137 Morty,Please make this VR compatible. Would be soooo awesome!
76561198082111464,Recommended,251730,33856806,Posted: 28 July,all,jeffrey157,"For an RPG- Dungeon Crawl experience this game is the measuring stick, when you search out other games they are always compared to LoG1 or Log2, that alone should tell you how amazing this game is.The game does not have a very in depth story, it has a unfolding story about the island and its master that progresses as you get to new areas; but if there is any shot to be taken at the game this is the only area that it falls a little short.Game play is very polished and plays smooth the whole way through. The traps and puzzles are fun yet difficult. The enemy tipes are varried with enough special abilities that they all do not feel generic.char creation and leveling up is another spot this game shines. you have alot to choose from and no char feel the same.I played for 80+ hours and I feel that I absolutly got my moneys worth, if your a fan of the dungeon crawl. I would recommend this game as a must buy."
76561197998214072,Recommended,251730,34070340,Posted: 6 August,all,MrXFactor,"I've contemplated whether or not I should recommend this game. There's quite a bit wrong with it, and yet, there's a lot more right with it. In the end, I think the positive aspects of this game outweigh the negatives.To begin with, LOGII isn't your typical RPG. In place of the towns, gold pieces, dungeons and dragons you may be used to, LOGII only has one kind of locale: The Dungeons.The game world is comprised entirely of labyrinthine dungeons which take the forms of beaches, forests, mines, castles, catacombs and more. There are no towns, no gold for you to earn from killing monsters, and no NPCs to babble your ears off.This is a killer idea! As much as I like traditional RPGs, the only reason I ever play them is for the thrill of exploring the dark depths of the dungeons, and in LOGII, that's all you really do.LOGII plays in First-Person perspective. You have four characters at your disposal which you can make yourself or have the game generate for you. From there on, you march your way through labyrinths full of monsters and items. The thrills don't come from finding treasures or beating the dungeon boss, but rather from finding better, more useful stuff to help you survive.The gameplay is very similar to the old Dungeon Master games on DOS. You march about, kill monsters, pick up items, and check your map every so often. I personally loved Dungeon Master, but LOGII doesn't have the same amount of challenge. It feels like it was designed for the newcomer types.The two things that REALLY sold me with this game are the Custom Portraits feature, and the Dungeon Editor. The characters you make in LOGII are invisible. Instead of animated models, they are represented by 2D portraits. If you have the artistic know-how, you can use your own portraits, just in case you want to fulfill your fantasy of a buxom elf chick, a dragonborn, an anime guy and Rainbow Dash rummaging through a dungeon.The dungeon editor is a mixed bag for me. On one hand, it's very easy to make a basic map with monsters, items, keys and switches. But if you want some of the more advanced stuff, you'll need to know LUA scripting and how to use certain entities and all that stuff. Whatever you do, don't touch the floor and ceiling adjusters at the top of the editor, especially if you're using any other tileset beside ""dungeon.""All in all, Legend of Grimrock II is a little rough around the edges, but it's still a lot of fun. The main campaign is enjoyable, but the Dungeon Editor could be a little easier. Or at the very least, have a comprehensive tutorial with it."
,Recommended,251730,34188920,Posted: 12 August,all,Josh,Not as good as the first game. But still a solid game. Sneaky extras like feeding rats cheese etc adds to the charm.
76561198025152048,Recommended,251730,35109215,Posted: 21 September,all,jnethery,"If you played and enjoyed the first game, you should enjoy this one. It expands on all of the concepts of the first, and improves on many of the mechanics in my opinion.Exploring dungeons is as fun as it's ever been, and now there is an overworld of sorts to keep you interested in the overarching goal and plot of the game: which is to find the 4 elemental orbs to unlock the castle in the middle of the island.The essential gameplay hasn't really changed dramatically, and in my opinion the combat tends to be pretty boring, as was the case in the first game. It's a lot of positioning yourself to avoid attacks, and while there are some enemy weaknesses to exploit, but they are few and far between. For the most part, you will be side-stepping enemies in a little dance as you chip away at their health until they die. There are a *few* instances of interesting combat scenarios, but most of them boil down to this. Not very much strategy to the combat.If you don't mind the tedium of the fighting, the exploration and puzzle-solving is as fun as always, and the addition of the map has made recovering treasure and solving puzzles a much more rewarding process. And there are a handful of very fun and clever puzzles in here. Most of them are very obvious in their solution, however.I feel this game would have been nearly perfect if they refined the combat and made the scenarios a little more interesting, and given more focus to difficult puzzles. As it stands, it is an enjoyable adventure, and the graphics are beautiful. It does ultimately get a bit tedious, though."
,Not Recommended,251730,35187789,Posted: 24 September,all,darkfrog,"The first couple of hours were decently enjoyable, albeit sometimes quite frustrating with the puzzles that can be very confusing at first.  Ultimately I abandoned this game as it just has no real longevity for me.  The combat and puzzling are decent enough, but not really fun.  The lack of an immersive and progressive story simply left me bored."
76561198047205597,Recommended,251730,34510343,Posted: 26 August,all,Mykroe,"Grimrock 2 is fantastic. I never played any of the old dungeon crawlers that it's based on, but to me it's like if King's Field and Etrian Odyssey collided, and that's an amazing combination. I was worried about the controls before I started playing, but the grid movement creates tension and excitement, and the mouse control for attacks and spells is more fun and interactive than hotkeys. Play without a guide, be observant, take some time to think about the puzzles, and be ready to miss some cool secrets on your first playthrough."
,Recommended,251730,34647579,Posted: 31 August,all,Spottytail,This is in my top 3 favorite single player RPGs. Can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,251730,34728671,Posted: 3 September,all,Gravedigger,"Extremely enjoyable old school styled dungeon crawler, this time with a much bigger scale. In the first game everything took place in one dungeon, in this game there's a whole island with a huge variety of enemies, places, items, and puzzles to experience. LoG1 -> LoG2 was a huge advancement and very enjoyable to play through, if they can keep up the improvement once they make their third game they may dethrone the original dungeon crawlers as the best in the genre."
76561197995215249,Recommended,251730,34844794,Posted: 9 September,all,Whitelizard,Very good game.
,Recommended,251730,34826907,Posted: 8 September,all,Kumi,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH its a good game 10/10(BRING AN ALCHAMIST)
,Recommended,251730,35356749,Posted: 30 September,all,-Adeptus- Niien,Some old school dungeon crawling! Lots of fun!
,Recommended,251730,35359609,Posted: 30 September,all,LiQuiD112,Really great game
76561197976228399,Recommended,251730,35260881,Posted: 28 September,all,R.Reagan,"Always meant to write a review of this game.  Anyone remember legends of Korandia and the Bard's Tale?  I used to play both on an IBM PS1.  Anyho, this game reminds me allot of those games except with better graphics of course.  If you enjoyed LOK or Bards, then this game will be right up your alley."
