user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251850,9332357,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"Master Reboot is a bit of an odd game. In both an obvious way and a non-obvious way. Essentially, the idea behind Master Reboot is that you are in a future where people can upload their memories, personality, and other traits into a cloud service, and then family and friends can visit these memories or download and install these peoples personalities into robotic shells to continue living with them if they desire. However, there was a crash in the system that caused the whole cloud service to have a reboot, which lost and corrupted some data. And now you play someone delving into the memories of someone with said corrupted data looking for something.It's basically a walking simulator experience game, except not in a typical sense. The game is split-up into memories, with each memory being a stage. They're called memories, but they're more like surreal dreams, with a lot of odd and abstract imagery and logic. Each memory also is different, and not just in themes, but with what you do. Some are literal walking simulators, but others have elements like puzzles, or things you have to avoid or sneak past or else you'll die.The stages have some good variety. Some are more relaxing, like this beach stage where you look for items with a metal detector. Others are a bit obtuse with what you must do, like this one amusement park stage you attend too. Some take on a horror tone, with creepy atmosphere and things trying to kill you.On that note, my favorite stage, and something that was legitimately scary, was the plane memory. With memories in the game like a hospital and school and graveyard, you'd think one of those would be the scariest stage (and they do have some creepy factor, to be sure), but the actual scariest stage was definitely the plane one. It scared me pretty bad a few times, and this is coming from someone who plays a lot of horror games.That's the thing I think this game does best. Atmosphere. I think the people who will enjoy this game the most are those who like atmosphere and maybe some oddities in their games. It was a bit longer than I was anticipating, but I did like it. Not the best thing I've ever played, but I liked the variety of tasks and settings, even if the basic concept of the game's story was more interesting than the story that develops in the game. But I'd say worth checking out if you're into this kind of thing."
,Recommended,251850,9840244,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Caspian Roach,"I did not expect Master Reboot to be this good and interesting. The story is intriguing and mysterious, the gameplay is greatly varied, puzzles are intuitive and the visuals are quite something. Don't be disillusioned by the first 5-10 minutes of the game and check it ouf further, but don't expect a conventional game. I recommend playing it if you enjoy science fiction, puzzles and games that don't hold your hand."
,Recommended,251850,7561020,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,ChrisPugh,"When I saw this game on the new releases page, the concept of the soul cloud, the soundtrack, and the art direction immediately caught my attention and got me to make a rare impule buy.  Featuring gorgeous art direction, great sound design, an interesting plot, and an atmosphere that can get really creepy at times for a game that isn't strictly a horror game.  It feels low budget and rough around the edges in places, but it's a great effort and a certain audience will absolutely love it.  There's some actiony gameplay in here and a little bit of platforming, but the playtime is dominated by puzzles which are typically engaging but simple.  Really, the puzzles are just a way to get you to explore the environment and the storyline and could have been cut without losing much.The whole futuristic posthuman idea has always fascinated me, and I'd love to see a sequel that goes a little deeper into the world of the soul cloud."
,Recommended,251850,7807548,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,agentc0re,"This game is going to be one of those hidden gems that when people find it and decide to play it, they will have wished they did so earlier.  Maybe that's why you're hear, reading these player reviews?I had no idea what to really expect when I first entered this game.  Once I got passed the introduction and into the main town where you access all the main memories, it hooks you in right away.  It pulls off a sort of donny darko mixed with tron sort of feel with visuals.  Do not underestimate the spookiness of this game, it will catch you off guard and make you screem like a school yard child.  Mix that in along with constantly needing to solve puzzels and uncovering story bit's here and there, you'll definately get your moneys worth.I highly recommend the game.  If you wanna see some game play before hand, check out parts of my playthroughhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBTSEGRKSinI2mHeAmyd493EnYAaBw94DJust be warned, you might spoil parts of the game for yourself in doing so."
,Recommended,251850,12459409,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,BluesMcGroove,"Wow.What should I say about this game?I had been interested in it from the moment I had seen it on Steam nearly a year ago. What had kept me from purchasing it right away was the horror aspect, but that definitely added to the game, rather than detracted from it. I am absolutely glad that I bought and played this game through, and definitely plan on playing through again to unlock the alternate ending.Master Reboot delivers an artistic experience with a story to match that leaves you eager to play each section and find every secret. This game will leave you wanting to play more of it even after finishing it. Step into the Soul Cloud yourself and learn about the Mysteri Corporation and those involved in it's origins.Some of the ""horror"" aspects of the game are predictable, but still managed to frighten me. Besides that the story is constantly compelling and the voice acting is well done. I would rate the game a solid 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,251850,12877210,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,-{Geo}- Cegorach,"No words, really didn't expected so much. Really beautiful game with specific and interesting atmosphere, nice and interesting story and way how you play it, also nice and interesting puzzles and some horror too.In game I feel that developers love creating games and have things to tell, they create a ""child"" and not a regular gaming program, big thanks for that.For me it becomes one of the Favorite Indie projects, thanks to developers for so beautiful work.P.S. - Also sorry for my bad English."
76561197969249162,Not Recommended,251850,12932306,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tantari,"A huge dissapointment.  The story was thin.  Almost all of the gameplay was ""wander around and poke at things until something happens"".  There were a lot of cheap jump scares that quickly turn into annoyances.  And to top it all off: timed jumping puzzles.  Really.  I wish I hadn't wasted my time."
76561198149177202,Recommended,251850,31596560,Posted: 6 May,all,nic.draven,"One of the my first major gaming experiences, before dipping into Portal 1, 2 and Bioshock. While obviously neither the in-game graphics or cutscenes compare to those other titles, Master Reboot is a solid, story-driven puzzle and adventure game with some quite beautiful levels (Like the field before you enter the Soul Cloud or the level with the encased neon-tree in it) and enjoyable puzzles.Some levels are deliberately designed simply to be hard rather than fun (The godawful end level following the plane level and the infuriating time-trail end boss are the major culprits here) and the platform gaming elements in first person mode are especially frustrating. Whatever engine this game uses, this is the ONLY game where my laptop was constantly whirring away trying to cool itself and given the rudimentary style of the graphics this is hardly acceptable. Sort your bloody game engine issues out Wales Interactive.The save feature is also irritating because the only save points occur after you've finished both the level and end boss/level. More save features more often would have made this game more enjoyable.The menu screen also didn't function well on my mac. I had to force quit the game nearly every time I exited to the desktop, so I don't know what's going on there.Overall however, a satisfying game for entry-level gamers like myself."
,Not Recommended,251850,13858034,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ChuckMCCluck,This game has a somewhat appealing in-game visual style and an interesting concept for the story. Unfortunatley that's all the positive things I have to say about the game.This game would be better off having gameplay similar to Dear Ester because the puzzles are some of the most simplistic and badly designed puzzles I have ever seen. As a toddler did you ever have the toy were you have to fit certian shapes in the right holes? That's the most complicated the games puzzles will get.  On top of that some of the puzzles make absolutley no sense. Heres an example:During the park memories there is a yellow traingle trapped under a jungle gym with no way to retrieve it. How do you think you solve this? Dig under it? Pry the jungle gym open? Nope. There is a triangle shape on the outskirts of the level that you are supposed to fill with a triangle block that is also on near the borders of the level. This items are a decent distance away from the puzzles themselves which in itself makes little sense. So how does placing the yellow triangle in the yellow hole solve the puzzle you ask? It causes a crow on a nearby branch to squawk and the jungle gym blows up.The game may have simplistic puzzles by concept but they are made difficult for the player to solve through terrible design. Here is a description of another puzzle:The first sequence of the airplane memory has you collecting three key cards that open a door and allow you to proceed. Seems easy right?  The keys are in various different rows of seats in the airplane that all look identical. While looking for the cards an enemy will spawn at the end of the level walking in a straight line towards you. There is no way to avoid this enemy without opening the door so you end up rushing (I would say frantically but that would imply the situation was even remotely scary.) to find the key cards in 30 identical looking seats while the girl comes closer to you down the aisle. It ends up just being a game of constantly respawning while memorizing where the last keycard you found was.You may think I'm cherrypicking here but that couldn't be farther from the truth. Every puzzle so far has either been extrememly simple or also confusing and illogical even in the world of the game.The game also has a deviant art tier artstyle that makes up the cutscenes and clash extremely with the decent in game graphics. It has horror elements too but they couldn't even scare a skittish cat.Do I recommend this at full price? No   On sale? Can you stomach crap puzzles for a decent story? If so then yes.
,Recommended,251850,20757975,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,JCtheDUDE,"A very ambitious spooky puzzle game. The game consists mostly of solving puzzles in each room to escape, and collecting information to piece together the cyberpunk story. There are a lot of memorable moments and interesting surreal locations. The game is held back by some clunky movement and a couple of obtuse puzzles. Additionally, it features a lot of cheap webcomic level cartoons tellling some of the story. It's not exactly a masterpiece, but I think it's worth checking out if you are interested in these kinds of games."
,Recommended,251850,14428085,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Shippo1992,"After having been curious about this game for a good while now, I finally gave in to finally trying it out and playing it through. Having just completed the game, I'm happy that I did end up getting this game and playing it. A couple hours well spent. The game carries with it a creepy ambiance, wide range of good puzzles, excellent story, and more. When it comes to visuals, everyone has their own cup of tea. Personally, I was a fan of this game's visual style and found it rather beautiful and to suit the game as well. The same goes for the game's soundtrack as well. I thought it was nice, and at times, suited that horror/creepy theme to the game. With the story, it can be a bit confusing, but if you collect the ducks thoughout the game, which provide further backstory and such, and once you piece it together, makes sense and doesn't leave too many questions open. After piecing together the story and thinking back on the game, I thought it to be good. Again, not a game for everyone, but it's a game I enjoyed and personally, I thought it was a good game. Glad I bought and played it!"
76561197962034969,Recommended,251850,11646853,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,OurFather,"Cons:-Gameplay and puzzles are too simple.  Basically a mixture of basic platforming and puzzles that ask you to click the use button until they're solved.-The game feels unfinished.  Some environments look well polished with thought put into it, but most are bland and blocky.Pros:-Creepy ambience and unique plot.More of an interactive story than a game.  It's short, but I'm glad it was considering there isn't much substance.  Interesting experience. If it looks interesting to you, I would highly suggest waiting for it to go on sale."
76561197995501932,Not Recommended,251850,13517322,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Purple Bear,"This game can't make up its mind on what it wants to be. Part survival horror, part exploration, part...mini games? The problem is that it doesn't do any of them very well, and on the larger levels the slow plodding along of your character is just frustratingly slow. The survival horror parts quickly lose their luster when you figure out that sounds are scripted at certain locations and can be repeated over and over, or that you can meander along in one of the few ""chase"" scenes without actually having any worry of being caught.The story is largely told through finding rubber duckies scattered throughout memories. Some of these, the important ones, thankfully, are easy to find with the briefest bit of looking around. Others are incredibly frustrating due to nearly pixel-perfect jumps and long backtracking times. The end of each memory also has a brief animation revealing some storyline, and I honestly have nothing complimentary to say about them.The story itself is rather poorly told, with many of the important plot points feeling forced, and much of the rest of it as completely unrealistic. As an example, being inside the ""Soul cloud"" for more than a certain time causes your physical body to die, and you become trapped there. You find a company memo stating how they've lost several employees to this, and I can't help but wonder how the company hasn't been sued out of existence.There are some interesting bits scattered here and there, but unfortunately that's all there is - interesting bits. The gameplay is dull for the most part, the puzzles simple, the mini games frustrating or unfun at best, the horror isn't frightening - basically, they tried for everything and succeeded at nothing."
,Not Recommended,251850,30431133,Posted: 10 March,all,Estecka,"Not so much of a bad game, it can be fun to play, but I find it doesn't stand up to how it was presented and what I expected of it.My major turn-off's are:- Huge difference of quality amongst graphics, some drawings look very impressive but others are downright ugly. (Most of the cutscene that look like poor flash animation).- There is no story. Troughougts the journey youmaycollect (optional) clues and journals about what has happened in thebackstory, but else nothing will actually happen or move the plot except in the final level, and maybe the library.The story is about a server where you upload the soul of dead people, but it doesn't feel like you're visiting the deads or their memories,.. it doesn't feel like you're doing anything meaningful."
,Recommended,251850,24539585,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,StarscReen,"I enjoyed this game a lot, even though I'm not really a horrorfan. In fact, this is the first horrorgame I played through without giving up so I definitely recommend it.Keep in mind though that it may not be that scary for hardcore horrorfans. In addition, I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who prefers a clear story without any gaps to fill with own interpretations.Cons:- platforming passages can get frustrating mainly because of clunky controls- relies too much on jumpscares- some areas seem empty and without detailPros:- nice graphic style- interesting story, a large part has to be puzzled together on your own through blue ducks scattered around the levels- here and there very creepy atmosphere- diversified levels- I didn't notice any bugs"
76561197967163358,Recommended,251850,7609350,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,jjbern000,"Do you like Puzzles?,  Do you enjoy horror?, Do you enjoy visual eye candy?  well my steam friend do i got the game for you.  You'll enjoy a wonderful sci-fi plot,  Different visual levels, and a girl that likes to put on some joker make-up and shank mofo's.  Not sold yet?  there's zombies in like 1 level and we all know zombies auto-sale everything"
,Recommended,251850,11756686,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bob,"Obviously I would not buy a game if I didn't think I was going to enjoy it but some times you hit upon a game like this that far exceeds your expectations. The stylised graphics and soundtrack work together to create an awesome creepy atmosphere. The gameplay is mostly simple yet extremely satisfying puzzles with a few other bits and pieces thrown in here and there for variety. The story is great and hidden throughout the levels are more bits of information, this way of feeding you the plot bit by bit and allowing you to piece it all together is very engaging. I have two minor complaints. The first play through only took about 4 hours and it left me wanting more. The second complaint is musical puzzles; I am tone deaf and these puzzles were pretty much impossible for me. Regardless of that I can heartily recommend this game."
,Recommended,251850,13250115,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Yung Neff,"tl;dr - I picked this up during a sale because the description seemed neat and it fulfilled my expectations. The style was fantastic, the story was pretty nifty, the gameplay and puzzles were good but not great. Worth.Took about 3-4 hours to complete, and I'm a pretty slow gamer. Plan on another playthrough for achievements.The world you're thrown into is queer and rather unsettling. You're never really directly told the plot in game, instead you're left to piece it together through notes you find (blue duckies) and scenes during memories (the puzzle/exploration stages to progress the game). I honestly got scared a few times, but I'm an incredibly big wuss so that doesn't say much.The puzzles range from really simple, to somewhat abstract. I remember one frustrating part I couldn't pass (plane memory) that I looked up because I really just couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong. There are a couple situations that are more ""platform"" like but generally you're just walking around figuring stuff out/not peeing your pants avoiding Seren.I really loved the art style. Chunky, blocky shapes and contrasting colors. Vaguely reminded me of Mirror's Edge. The music/sounds really help sell the mood. Watching the main hub get filled up with stuff from the memories was cool too.Definitely worth a try."
76561198022820771,Recommended,251850,11490166,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJe5zhmG-TQ&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAMaster Reboot is a puzzle style game where the world is broken up into sections and each section you must fix what is wrong. The game tells a solid, if not slightly confusing story. I never found the puzzles to be too hard, some require wit others book smarts. Their is a underline horror theme to the game, but not one that is out to hunt and kill you, mostly. The atmosphere gets under your skin and the graphic quality of the game is decent. The art style is great, but many of the textures in the game are lacking. Biggest issue with the game is that there is no FOV slider, so the game may end up being too much for some due to nauseous feelings after playing. It a simply game wrapped up in a wonderful world and one to look into for sure."
,Recommended,251850,15864707,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,LuxAeterna,"IntroductionMaster Reboot is an immersive, story-centric indie game by Wales Interactive.  I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys a game with a good story, a bit of mystery, problem/puzzle solving, and a dash of horror elements.You play Madison Jones.  A gifted mathematician, programmer, CEO of Mysteri Corporation, and archtitect of the ""Soul Cloud"".  The Soul Cloud is a digital repository of human memories that is ostensibly set up for people to be able to interact with a digital replica of their loved ones.  However, something is amiss and you must figure out what is wrong with the Soul Cloud while uncovering the backstory and motivation of your character.ProsSpectacular Use of LightingCreepy SoundtrackGood StoryGood WritingMemorableConsThe 2D ""memory"" cutscenes look pretty cheesyWeird models for the player character's hands, axe, and air-rifle (floating guns like its 1999 again)Relatively short (8-12 hours)SummaryI enjoyed and I recommend this game.  Some people will undoubtedly be put off by the graphics, but I would consider this game a testiment to the power of storytelling over eye-candy.  There were a few startling elements that elicited involuntary vocal expletives of surprise; so take that into consideration.  This isn't going to be a Game of the Year, but I put it in the same category asGone Home--a must-play, cerebral, story-driven game that will stick with you."
,Not Recommended,251850,32572446,Posted: 19 June,all,lieberme,"To start off: This game has the worst metacritic score of anything in my steam library.At first, I did not think this was deserved. The movement seemed a bit clunky and the graphics style wasn't too appealing, but it presented an interesting idea and I thought I would continue to play and see how it went. Though the more I played the more quickly the game seemed to devolve into a chore rather than anything of substance.Typically I have an easy time letting myself be immersed in a game, its aesthetics, and it's story.  This game I seemed to be forcing myself to feel the suspense. Even playing in a pitch black room at night it failed to elicit more than the minimal responses I have come to expect from any horror game.The environment went from being somewhat interesting to seemingly lazy. The only redeeming quality I can think of is the eerie sound effects, but even those got old quickly.The puzzles were laborous to solve rather than engaging. The dim and sometimes flickering lighting seemed more a necessity of the genre rather than part of the atmosphere. The cutscenes seemed like some cheap flash animations roughly equivalent to or even worse than ones you would find on most free gaming/cartoon websites like newgrounds or albinoblacksheep 10-15 years ago.TL;DR: Overall this game failed to engage me on any level and the interesting concept fizzled out quickly with an unsatisfying story progression."
76561198009430218,Not Recommended,251850,12066931,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JacoRay,"Master Reboot is one of those games with an interesting idea but a poor execution due to a lack of narrative and context. If you're a completionist and happen to find all the rubber ducks, you'll understand the context, but outside of that, this game will only confuse more with its rather poor excusues.Basically (and you don't find this out until the end of the game, but I'm also trying to save you money) you play some chick named Madison who invented the ""Soul Cloud"" with a dude named David or something, I actually already forgot. Anyway, they invent the soul cloud under this company named Mysteri in the year 2026 where technology is supposedly going to be futuristic just like how it was in George Orwell's 1984. Anway, the whole game takes place in the soul cloud where users can place their memories and re-experience them for a limited amount of time. At least that's what I took away from it. This guy David is murdered by someone named Astrid, I never caught the relationship between Astrid and Madison, but I believe they knew each other. Also, Astrid had died four years prior but was brought back to life; don't understand how that works, but alright I'll let it slide. So Madison is in the soul cloud because of some virus that is shown to have been sent to Madison from an anonymous user, the virus basically effed up the cloud, the virus being named a bunch of random letters and numbers.exe. Madison, being so tech smart inventing some crazy idea, opens the virus which infiltrates the clouds servers, deleting people's data. A bunch of stupid people are mad as shown in ""tweet"" like this one, ""i haet teh sole cloude"". Yeah, that's right, people in the future are still terrible at spelling.So that's basically the story, the gameplay involves you, Madison, navigating your own memories just to get to the virus. Basically, the giant library room that becomes this platforming nightmare has the virus which is really just a digital and angry Astrid that you've probably seen throughout the game acting like Alma from the FEAR games. The memories range from your childhood to your romantic feelings with David, rather generic to be honest. Also, the game is supposed to be a sort of horror game, but the jump scares were laughable. I feel like there was supposed to be emotion with the memories, but the emotion was detached due to the lack of narrative mentioned earlier. The Stanley Parable had more emotion.The graphics were toon shaded without the black edges which were explained in game due to the soul cloud being in the early stages. As George Carlin would say, ""Bull-sh!t"", the toon shading is a cop out, especially when it doesn't even look good. I mean, at least Gearbox makes Borderlands look awesome. This was rubbish. It doesn't help when the devs make an excuse of in game graphics being toon shaded and then the actual memories are 2D flash animated or puppet pinned from After Effects. You'd think that the memories themselves would be detailed 3D considering that they're taken from the human's mind? Think of the film Final Cut starring the late, great Robin Williams. The memories that he works with are fully realized and completely real, in the flesh. The 2D is such a cop out, what rubbish.The music and sounds were the only good thing, as they were both evidently creepier than the game itself. And even then, the sounds had some weird mixing.4.0/10"
,Not Recommended,251850,11999717,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Nourishment M.O.T.,"Now, I got this for five dollars and that is in the end what it feels like it should be priced at. The polish is not there, the ideas are sometimes half-baked, but overall this is a fun game, at the right price. I found it to be a lot like something David Lynch might have done back in the eighties, around the time of Dune. The game does not hold your hand and instead let's you solve most things on your own, there are clues from time to time. Sometimes the path is so obvious it feels rushed and other times it is so obscure it becomes frustrating.The visual style is something I enjoyed when the textures were not so muddy, it made me wonder why it wasn't polished more. I am not certain how big the team was behind this game, but I have seen a team of four put out something far better looking than this. Now, the lighting is well implemented, but the over all look of the game comes across as rushed. There are levels that seem forced due to how they rendered the environment, it looks like some student project out of Unity from time to time. This really takes away from the real well done segments, that seem to set you up for a great experience, just to let you down again.The music is fantastic, being the real strongpoint of the game. I'm surprised it was not used more often, especially during the art cut scenes, that turn out to be sloppy due to a lack of music. Over all the animations are good enough to not make you feel ripped off, but I could not expect you to get fifteen dollars worth of gameplay out of this. For the five I paid, I am  very happy with the game and it would be so much greater if he price was less.All in all, this is a game I enjoyed playing for the most part. The story could have been better, but it works well enough to make you think at bit. There really isn't any voice acting, but when there is it works. There were times when I really wanted to like this game more than I do. It never let me down completely, but it also didn't blow me away. If it is less than ten dollars, pick it up. Otherwise wait it out.The more I think about it. This game is not well made or fun enough to purchase at any price over five dollars."
76561198114163411,Not Recommended,251850,22691595,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Za Unko,"Funny and scary game!Too bad it is filled with bugs that require you to restart the level all the time!Even if you only have 1 objective left, and the bugs appear, everything needs to be done all over again!If the bugs had been removed or fixed in the game, it would have been really enjoyable to play!"
,Not Recommended,251850,11266209,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Maevirro,"I wish I could say I liked this game.  But I don't.  It's supposed to be some creepy psychological game, but it turned out to be more frustrating than anything.  Players aren't given a clue what to do.  I was dropped into this world and had to go through all the puzzles and such via trial and error, which was fine.  But imagine you need to run away from something but STILL had no clue what you needed to do, thus ""resetting"" constantly.  Okay, so then I figured it out after dying five times, but the whole encounter is based on how quickly you can swivel the camera and click.  >.<It's just a headache of a game that I don't want to play any more."
,Recommended,251850,10692442,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,emnii,"'Disorienting' is an excellent word to describe Master Reboot. It's kind of sci-fi and kind of horror with lots of walking around and a little puzzle solving. But the story comes from finding ducks. Yes, little blue squeaky ducks. Ducks give little bits of story details in each level. Nothing is particularly explicit in Master Reboot, except the animated cutscenes at the end of each level, with each level being someone's memory. Who that someone is, who you are, and who's trying to stop you is all part of the story you'll have to piece together from animated cutscenes and ducks.But it still mostly works. The pacing is a bit off, but if you play the levels ""in order"" (there is no numbered order, but levels unlock in groups and you can play them in a sequential order) you'll probably get the story by the time you get to the end. It's short, less than 3 hours beginning to end, but interesting enough. It's clearly a student effort but it's neat and weird."
,Recommended,251850,10953896,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,qazplm632,"I don't understand why a lot of people rate the game so badly. Yeah, it's not as scary as Amnesia but everything about the game is unique. The idea, the story, the visuals. If you're looking for a game with a lot of action and very long gameplay it's not a game for you. But if the mood is the most important thing for you then you can definietely buy it and you won't regret. And as the story isn't completely closed I wouldn't mind playing a sequel."
,Recommended,251850,10965838,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TemPsychosis,So. ♥♥♥♥ing. Good.
,Recommended,251850,10822479,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fiannawolf,Note to self: Not a good idea to play this before bed....fracking closet virus Alma....
,Recommended,251850,13927772,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,jsabsd,"This games manages to marry my tech career and my love or all things horror. The environment's high effect but relavitely low poly architecture give this game a wonderful, surrealistic feel. Rather than seeming cheap, Master Reboot's implementation comes across as elegant.There is not any pew-pew in this game. It's all exploration and puzzle solving. The puzzles are varied and never repetative. If there is a con, sometimes the puzzles are unclear or a required object may be far too elusive.The biggest disappointment about this game is its brevity. Wales Interactive estimates it has about 8 hours of play. I completed it in just 4. There are still achivements to be completed of course, but these are no substitute for actual content.Despite this, I wholeheartedly recommend this game, just not to everyone. I reccomend it for those who have patience and are unafraid of considering their own mortality. The game touches on some deep themes to go along with the puzzle solving.This game left me joyfully wanting to see more. And along came Soul Axiom..."
,Recommended,251850,11827979,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Backlogathon,Tron meets The Matrix meets metaphysics. And you can play it in Welsh!Wales/10(I'll dock it one Pembroke for not having custom keybindings.)
,Recommended,251850,11742214,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ChippyCho,"Very good game, just finished it myself, its very touching with a touch of darkness as well"
,Recommended,251850,10866280,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cpacifying,"Master RebootIs not easy to evaluate. It contains both brilliant findings and significant drawbacks.First,drawbacks.Gameplayis the worst thing in this game. Complete linearity is not an issue, as storytelling manner and diverse surroundings keep brain busy, not letting you get bored. What is a gameplay issue - combined lack of complexity and lack of originality. You start playing a level, get grasp of what needs to be done, and then level ends. In gameplay perspective,Master Rebootis a collection of tutorials for different games: stealthy hide-and-seek, tetris-like car avoidance game, time race, Mario-like platformer and some more. Only gameplay elements that develop are exploration and puzzle-solving. Still, they are quite primitive. To say something pleasant, I will admit that one of the puzzles is truly brilliant and original. One out of circa two dozens. Four of which are actually the same puzzle that needs to be solved four times in a row (did I told you about lack of originality?)Artis second drawback. Everything player sees looks like it is made from plasticine. I am no fan of fancy graphics, but rectangular beds with rectangular pillows on them are a little too schematic even for me. Maybe this style is derived fromPsychonauts, but somehow there it looked good and here it looks bad. Player gets ambushed by a ghost from a closet three times, and all those three times - same fighting animation of same models in same position (yes, 'position', not 'positions'). Sound sample library is quite small, you can hear recurring sound patterns. It all damages immersion into atmosphere badly, constantly reminding you that you are interacting with a simulation of simulation. Needs to be said, not all art is that bad - papers you find in blue ducks and drawings in Goddess of Death signs are actually awesome.Program names in Soul Cloud have .exe extension. Designers, are you kidding? You telling me that enormous cloud solution capable of holding human personality inside itself willrun on Windows? No surprise it turned out so easy to hack!Now,merits.Game contains cool mechanic of hacking wood with an axe. I enjoyed it a lot. Also, axe is ultimate hacking tool in this game. Just great.Despite all those bad things I said about art, gameatmosphereis clearly an advantage. Struggling with unknown world, recombining story of your life piece by piece and constant threats from Serene create great immersion and motivation to move on.Charactersare good, their dramatic experience is interesting and understandable. Only exception is David, which looks like more of a human-like decoration than a living person. Antagonist deserves explicit kind word, as he is not a brutal destroyer, as it often happens, but a crazed creator.The strongest aspect ofMaster Rebootisstorytelling(and, for that, I am ready to forgive all its drawbacks). What starts looking like simple cyberpunk narrative about people losing their personalities in a world of soulless demonic machines, slowly and subtly turns into story about people, whose struggle, hard work and love changed world, and reminds us about simple but important thing - machines can never change who we really are, only we can. It reminds us that tools we create can make our lives easier and happier, but they cannot make us kind, selfless, diligent and rational, as they cannot cure envy, malice or infantility.It reminds us that greatest threat for any human being is another human being, and that no machine should be feared more.This is not a game everyone would enjoy. But it surely is a good finding for those who are attuned to cyberpunk, used to complicated storytelling, and like asking questions about nature of human personality."
,Recommended,251850,10638538,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"Highly stylized puzzle / platformer game where you play through memories to uncover the story. The trailer makes the game seem like constant super-intense action, but it's actually really well paced, and feels more like exploration than anything.The story really has to be pieced together through scraps of details to get the most out of it, which I'm not really good at while playing... so the details of the story didn't really influence my enjoyment of the game any, but the basics of the story really added to the experience of the memories I think, given how they tended to be unnerving in nature.The art style in this game is really beautiful. Simple texture work and geometry, along with lots of bloom effects, shadows, and saturated lighting create really atmospheric dream-like levels. In some places the textures seem low-quality and ugly, but for the most part everything fits together better than most indie games manage to pull off. There are a bunch of cartoony vector art / cut-scenes which feel a bit out of place, but they're not bad. They remind me of Mirror's Edge's cut-scenes, and how they were a vastly different style from the actual game itself. There's also a lot of REALLY well done painted-style art, which was great to find.The sound design is extremely well done in this game... lots of stereo sound effects that add to the creepiness of the memories. The music itself is really great, and adds tension in all the appropriate places, and doesn't stick out while playing. It's really easy to slip into the experience they were trying to provide in this game.There really isn't a tutorial in this game... pretty much just action icons that appear when you can interact with something. You start off knowing absolutely nothing about your character or where you are.. so you wander around and discover things on your own. Even so, it's pretty straight forward, and you can't really do much other than progress forward, but it still feels more open than it actually is, which is pretty good.The majority of the puzzles in this game offer absolutely no explanation, so you have to really be observant, or resort to trial and error methods to solve them. At the beginning of the game discovering the solutions to the obscure puzzles felt super rewarding but later on just felt frustrating because they were so obscure. The puzzles aren't particularly difficult, and you can often find the solution in a couple of minutes. There are many clues to how to solve the puzzles in the design themselves, just through the use of things like color-coding. Some puzzles do have blatant hints, and some puzzles are based purely on memory or being able to repeat a pattern. I only really had an issue with a couple puzzles, and had to resort to trial and error simply because they weren't clear enough... so even though I was still able to solve them, I didn't necessarily know WHY it was the answer.The puzzles are really just a way to complete each memory sequence, to reveal the explanation of that memory. Within each memory there are things you can interact with in order to get more snippets of the story. Along the way there are occasional platforming scenarios, and even some time-based action sequences. I didn't really like the platforming, as I would tend to misstep and fall to my death constantly... but the action sequences were much better as they really added tension and creepiness to the game.The game took me around 4-5 hours to complete, which includes trying to find as many hidden things as possible, and lots of restarts due to platforming fails. There are a few wonky bits in the game (where you just wonder why the hell it was included), but way more memorable bits to offset them. The game most reminds me of Among Sleep, but similarish games include The Path, Kairo, and Antichamber.This might also be the first duck-based video-game I've ever seen..."
76561197985478674,Recommended,251850,13432523,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The Spagetti Monster,"This is one of those games, that the lesser you know about it, the better experience you'll haveDon't read anything, just buy it for an overwhelming surpriseHighly recommended!"
,Recommended,251850,12172445,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,TBBle,"I'm one memory in, and I've got the worst attack of ""Nope"" sinceShodan revealed herselfin System Shock 2."
,Recommended,251850,10667121,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SHABAYUM,"If you want to play a game where you're being stalked by a glowy eyed waifu monster in really pretty and extremely creepy places, this is for you."
76561197979267151,Recommended,251850,10316539,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Iveve,"This game is great, with awesome effects of lighting and querky levels along with sounds that will make you jump, this game is great. Full of clever puzzles that follow a nice tidy story. Very highly recommended!"
,Recommended,251850,10592426,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Vincent Price,Ducks 10/10
,Recommended,251850,10629779,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kellumz,"I had no idea what I was getting into when I started up the game, didn't read anything about it. The start was pretty but I was tempted to quit, so just get passed the first 5 minutes if you feel the same way. I was captivated by my surroundings as I went through the game; love the artwork and graphics. I wasn't expecting it to be a puzzle game but I have enjoyed doing them and did quite good at solving them. Not sure if spoilers but I jumped a few times at the demon girl who popped out of places haha I haven't finished the game but I am definitely enjoying it and would like to see more games like this or DLCs."
76561198116015943,Recommended,251850,10698802,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DescartesBeforeTheHorse,Buy it
,Recommended,251850,10779375,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,storydriven,I've only played the first couple of sections but this game keeps me on the edge of my seat
,Recommended,251850,10948490,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Devious Toast,"This game has a great, but sad, story to tell.  I like how it unfolds as little clips of memory.The puzzles are good and worth the time and effort.  Some are really simple.  Some are a little trickier, but not quite hard enough to flip a table over them.  It was an enjoyable balance.Depending on how jumpy you are, Master Reboot might make you want to play with the lights on.  It uses lighting and shadows to great effect.  You're never quite sure if something dangerous is just around that corner, and it happens infrequently enough to surprise you each time.There are some flaws in the execution of the game.  Sometimes the 3D graphics feel a little dated, but I wasn't sure if that was intended or not given the game's setting and story-telling method.Over all, this is definitely worth it.  I hope the developer produces more games in the future."
,Recommended,251850,11446946,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,e2thevan,"Warning: This game will leave you with many unanswered questions. Many.I hesitantly recommend this game because of the gaping holes in whatever concept of a storyline it seems to have, but if you are a fan of psychological thrillers, then you'd be a fan of this game.Personally, I'd favor a more structured background of your situation in the game, but if you appreciate mystery more than I do the pieces of the big puzzle can be a thrill to assemble.The games succeeds in two points: It's very eerie (a must have for games such as this), and its puzzles vary widely enough to stay interesting throughout the entire game. Whether it's mazes, lasers, shaped puzzles, item hunts, audio matchups, etc, every puzzle was simple yet complex enough to allow for the thrill and the (limited) storytelling in between.I picked this game up on sale, and if you're looking for a quick thrill, I recommend you do too."
76561198056021007,Recommended,251850,10948670,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alfirin,"The concept and the ideas behind the game were fascinating, and would have lent themselves to a more complex game. Whenever the game was surreal and Tron-esque, I loved it. The simple graphics and puzzles fit far better then than to the distorted real world, where your main worry is jumpscares. Once you get desensitized to the jumpscare after jumpscare, you're left with average puzzles and limited game areas, which are cut off by a distracting red fence. The stages vary from peaceful roaming to crap-your-pants panic runs. The 2D animated cut scenes were so drastically different from the rest of the game, it almost gave my brain whiplash.Was it worth the four euros I bought it for? Yes. Am I glad I played it through? Yes. Will I play it again? No."
,Recommended,251850,12366319,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,KayZomi,Finished this game and it's very fun if you like puzzles.  Most are not too hard to put together but there are a few that are not very clear on how to start them so don't be too frustrated.  I'd say these puzzles are not easy by any means so if you're not the puzzle type this game probably won't do it for you.The graphics at first seem blocky or cheap but it's the style of the game so don't let it dissuade you; I really enjoyed Seren's different looks and the enviroments.The only down side to this game is that it's quick; I finished it in three sittings but I take my time on games.  I'd say this game could be finished in one if someone wanted too.  Because of this you will need to make a judgment on what price you feel it's worth.They are coming out with a sequal (Soul Axiom) and it's going to be Early Access.http://store.steampowered.com/app/279900/
,Recommended,251850,10702757,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ShaDoWLaZeR,Duckception in all its glory! 10/10 would quack again.
,Not Recommended,251850,10919949,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NeonTranceBadger,"Visual were very pretty, but some of the puzzles and level design just got to be very infuriating."
76561198047393553,Not Recommended,251850,9690430,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,tech,"The game started great.Very nice atmosphere with decent graphics (rather blocky, but well made) and a captivating story in a atmopheric and spooky environment and great sounds and music. The dreamy like landscape and the clues and cutscenes fit well together, even if the style of the drawings is a bit off compared to what you see in game. But its livable, and still ads to the game.Some of the puzzles sould have been better thought out (the walls in the library are too similar to find way round, the symbols in the cemeraty are not clear, and the music repetition gets a bit old)But now, when the developers ran out pizza, it took a turn for the absolute dreadful.The story has become technobable, the atmosphere in the game is completly gone, and the graphics unique style that hid the low polygon count blocky elements have all but gone, leaving a very poor version of Tron 2.0 behind. Flaoting squares and neon bands glowing ? How un-original.But mst annoying of all, I have reached a point where I have to smash five cubes in 180 seconds, and having tried it for a long evening, I have given up.I consider myslf a seasoned FPS games I cant complete this. The games poor thought process (if you know you cant make it you cant restart the process, and you can save the exact spot if you are doing good) means its just too frustrating to continue. I did not go into this game looking for a jumping match, and even a very poor one at that.Furthermore the game crashes on exit.I would hope for an update, but I doubt that will happen, so Ill just wish for a new game from the same developer when they dont run out of pizza and coke halway down the development and give it to some dilletant for completion."
76561198013913054,Not Recommended,251850,18021571,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,stalwart,"The overwhelmingly positive reviews got me to buy this game and I expected something beautiful and complex.What I got was a rather humble thing. The graphics are horrible except for a few effects.The bulk of game consists of a hub area from where you can access other levels by entering the scattered buildings.Each has a theme, for example: Hospital, Graveyard, Fairground, Childhood, Street.Some challanges: Shoot targets in a fairground booth, replay a tune on a little musical instrument, assemble a picture, precision jumping, finding objects in the dark with a flashlight.If I had to come up with an explanation how this game came to be, I would say, the developers played around constructing stereotypical mock-maps, such as a playground, a library, a hospital, all very barren and simple and when they had around 10 of these, they tied them together with the concept, that it's all the digitalized memories of a deceased person.I didn't enjoy the game after maybe the first hour, but completed it out of compulsion or because I payed for it, I don't know, I wanted to see how it ends. Lowest quality of a game I've ever paid for.Want to address the positive stuff too, but I'm really struggling with it. Sometimes I felt that the minds behind this have some interesting thoughts but since I'm not their parent I'll focus on the major impression of the game which is poor design and gameplay not on the lingering suggestion of something good.The only people I can recommend this to, are the welsh, to support their home team if they like."
,Recommended,251850,12712523,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Great game. Interesting puzzles and spooky, futuristic setting with a bit of psychedelic things."
76561198051091572,Not Recommended,251850,7930039,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Nixon,"5/10It´s basically a game for people who want to ""experience"" the thrill of a horror game without the scary in it. The story is great, but the gameplay just gets boring after an hour. Many things get repetitive and it ends with dissapointment. The idea is original but it could have been done better."
,Not Recommended,251850,8902781,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,periurban,"I really wanted to love this game, and initial impressions were great. The visual style (to begin with) was very appealling, what with the spooky mist lit forest and the watery pool. But pretty soon the game descends into a hub based puzzler. Solve the puzzle, return to hub, solve next puzzle, wrince and repeat. At least, that's as far as I could stand to go.The game's mechanics let it down a little. No crosshair, so no way to guage whether or not you're on target with picking things up, and since some of the puzzles are timed that becomes an issue. Click, miss, die, repeat! Also, the controls felt a little twitchy. There were some graphical glitches too.The puzzles were rather obscure, and not very challenging. Just annoying. Rock three black hobby horses in the right order to activate two pink hobby horses. Why? How do the puzzles relate to the memories I am trying to recover? I don't feel connected in the least bit to the life I allegedly once had.The welsh flavour to the game would have been nice had it been profesionally presented, but it just came over as a wee bit too much Shadwell and not enough Tom Jones.A nice effort, but falls well short of the mark."
,Recommended,251850,9040665,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Joe Cartoon,"While i do not feel like i have gotten very far in this game, i cant help but say i absolutely love it so far, the graphics are simple, but they have an artistic attribute to them that makes them enjoyable, and not distracting at the slightest, i feel like they are very fitting, the gameplay itself is very unique, and will have you feeling like youre dreaming instead of playing a game, i cannot wait for whats in store while i get further into this game. i absolutely recommend this game to anyone who wants a refreshing experience with some puzzles that will test your memory."
76561198116533936,Not Recommended,251850,14037866,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,mcanuzer,"Horrible performance on Mac!Lags all the time, even on 800x600/Low quality, playing is almost impossible. Cannot exit the game without forcing quit. (Snow Leopard). Total waste of money,Otherwise nice and horrifying atmosphere, experimental gameplay. Shame I can't play it."
,Recommended,251850,17830146,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ExileNZ,"What's really disarming about Master Reboot is how innocently it starts off. Having seen the trailer I figured it'd eventually get a bit more hectic, but it's hard to say at what point the ""cool Tron aesthetic"" atmosphere gave way to creeping dread. It really does just creep up on you, probably somewhere between discovering you're not alone and realising that you still have no weapons.There is the occasional jump scare, but the game earns them, opting mostly for a creepy atmosphere which is backed up by the odd reminder that you can in fact die.Also I don't think I've been this traumatised by a giant teddy bear since FNAF.The story is intriguing in that it keeps you second-guessing yourself, especially regarding previously established 'facts'.Various memories in the form of photos, official papers and cutscenes are intentionally vague, showing you just enough to *think* you know what's going on, only to throw doubt on your story as seemingly contradictory information is revealed. Add to that the fact that these memories are discovered at your pace and depending on where you go and how thoroughly you search. Subsequent visits to the same memories may yield different information and even your doubts will be different to another player's. SuIn my case, it didn't take too long to assume I was playing as a specific character in the narrative, but I soon realised I could not only be mistaken in that assumption, but that 'my' character might actually be the antagonist.Overall, a great mix of puzzle-solving, creepy atmosphere and just enough action to keep you on your toes.Highly recommended.(PS And if this is a ""walking simulator"", then Amnesia is a walking sim)"
76561197999439242,Recommended,251850,14294468,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Chev Chelios,"A different and interesting idea, decently executed. Will give you a chill or two if you are wearing headphones."
76561198150274551,Recommended,251850,13157019,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,...and a voice was screaming...,Interesting exploration puzzle game.
76561198020761064,Recommended,251850,14001014,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,selas_celaeno,"I have to say, this is possibly the best Indie Game I have ever played here on Steam.It's a horror adventure game, which - funny enough - reminded me a little bit of Super Mario 64, in the way that you navigate through the Soul Village which acts as a kind of overhead map screen, from which you can enter the different levels. Each level is unique and offers a variety of simple or challenging tasks (puzzles, finding items, stealth quests, survival), which makes the game a lot of fun to play.I really enjoyed the horror elements. The little scary girl may be a clishé, but it's one I like and I think it's very well executed in this game. The abandoned hospital stage is pretty terrifying and when the game wants to be scary, it certainly manages to.The only thing I found a bit disappointing is how little time they give the story to conclude at the ending. Also, the intro stage didn't seem to be very appealing. But once you're out of the woods (literally), the real entertainment begins. Apart from that, I was absolutely amazed by how terrific the game was and how immersive the story unfolded itself.10/10"
,Recommended,251850,13973415,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,YoyoPro,It's an interesting game but a little short The only reason that I have 6 hours is there are a few parts that take 20 times to actually finish within a time limit. And you usually have a few second left after you finish.
76561198169968582,Recommended,251850,14954868,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hello Joe,"7/10Master Reboot is quite thought provoking. The entire game takes place in a virtual world where the soul purpose of this world is to house digital copies of dead loved ones for the living to go visit. The concept is pretty awesome and the game pulls off this idea quite well, despite there being some pretty annoying flaws in the actual gameplay. Even with it's flaws, Master Reboot managed to keep me entertained till the very end, while also bringing out the emotions, which few games are capable of doing. That part alone warrants this game a 7/10. Anywho, here are some pros and cons of Master RebootThe Pros:- Style - The game has a unique look/style too it that is well done- Sound - Makes great use of ambient effects, perfect with headphones- a variety of different environments keeps the game fresh- The puzzles were good- A Good game-length for what kind of game this is- A Fantastic Story that can get pretty emotional at times, atleast for me it did.- Very atmosphericThe Cons:- Pathetic Jump scares- Not scary at all- Terrible hit detection- recycled monster screams.- clunky platforming- The Price is a little high, best to get this game when its on saleIn Conclusion, Master Reboot is a very good game despite its short comings. I can def. see this becoming a cult classic. Its one of the most original games I've ever played."
,Recommended,251850,13435380,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CaptainMellow,fantastic puzzle game with spectacular visuals
,Recommended,251850,10605774,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ArekkusuBaggins,"Master Reboot is a strange little game, but in a good sense. The art style is very pretty and well suited to the game, and although it's fairly basic geometry, it doesn't take anything away from the game. It in fact adds a lovely stylized look. The mechanics are very basic, but that also works very well for the game, as it's not overcomplicated and it allows more focus on the exploration and puzzle elements. The audio design is fantastic as well, adding a lot to the sometimes quite creepy atmosphere.All in all, a fantastic little game, and definitely worth grabbing, especially while it's on sale!"
,Recommended,251850,10615163,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,thainen,"Even a plain story is interesting if you are not reading it, but discovering it piece by piece :)This game takes place inside a virtual storage of memories, a place where you can relive parts of your or someone else's life, and even keep living after your physical body dies. Playing as a certain someone who may or may be not alive, you delve through corrupted memories of a group of friends who have shared triumph and tragedy. Putting pieces of past together, you find out what happened, what is broken and whether or not you can still fix it.While graphics are substandart and puzzles are dull, the game is an immersive travel through a beautiful void of surreal landscapes and abandoned places. The story is simple, but well presented, and the overall experience is deeply touching. If you liked like Myst, Dear Esther and Gone Home, this less known game would certainly please you."
76561198027902542,Recommended,251850,10924641,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Grim Holiday,"CAN SKIP------i dont play to much horrer games that dont give me a gun that kills but this game is one of the few.   as you play the game clues can be found around each of the levels to find out who you are what why your are there. the game real only had 2 levels that the ""monster"" go out of its way to kill you, mostly its you scareing your self from every thing that you see/hear. not sure what part of this game made me buy it but the price(when on sale) is well worth the next Gig and 5 hours it will take from you.------there is confirmation that there will be another. will i buy it?  ♥♥♥♥ YA i will buy it!!!  Why? people reliey on over the top Graphics to make there games now adays but this game has little money to put down for the looks but it makes up in it with the story that games have either over did it like Halo, or didnt have one that you or♥♥♥♥♥♥jo could come up with like CoD.   BUT this story is ment for people that realy care for it rather then the people that crave it. giving a story that takes time and thought to come up with. i wounder if there is a book to this?Rating-8.5/10it was well made had some great shadeing to scare you (main thing that ever scares you is this).story is there but you have to find most of it.blue eyes in dark hallways with flashing lights.Air ducts in planes?INFO ON GAME.------this game is a horrer game that is story driven, NOT like Dead Space horrer or Silent Hill.  this game is for people that dont like the fighting part of the game but rather the story that draws you in and leaves you with a chuby that wont go away for some time or tell the next one comes out to end it with one that you find fitting or for me just happy.SPOILER-------what got me for even the least bit of sorrow or greif is the ending when seren says that you cant return after removing the virus(it dont say if it was) she says ""sorry madeson you exeded the 4hour limet, your body is no longer livable.  Welcome to the soul cloud.""  then that teary music playes before she leaps off the edge into a massive ball of blue data as her body fades away. after seeing most of the blue ducks its easy to see what lead her into this fate. its just sad to see that she fell into her own prisen made to help people remember the dead as they once where, but in the end killed her and every one she loved."
,Recommended,251850,10913045,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Apollosun,"Really great game. It has good art style, good atmosphere and a intriguing story. I give this game 9/10"
,Recommended,251850,29402394,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"The movement is rather clunky, but the story and environments are surprisingly engaging."
,Recommended,251850,13174964,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PsychoDelicBoulevard,"Master Reboot is a great game. Each mission shows a glimpse of the story line. The atmospheric feel of the game builds suspence. Even though this game is in the very least frightening it still makes the hairs on your arm stand up. The colors are vibrant floresent colors which is a very nice touch on the graphic design (I find it so eye catching). I wish there were updates to the game so it would have more missions, it has about 9+ and then the final one but they're not long, so the game ends sort of quickly. I believe this game if more time was put into it could have a lot more potential."
76561198096079278,Recommended,251850,13170164,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,FriendFive,"So I bought this game in the summer steam sale for less than five dollars and I installed it, but it sat unplayed for several months as I was working my way through lots of other games in my library. I am not sure what attracted me to the game initially; I probably checked out the Store Page and thought it looked interesting, but I didn't know much about the game and I didn't know what to expect. Now that I finally got around to playing it, I have to say that I liked it and I can recommend it.This is a great little indie game that takes place mostly in various eerie, surreal, but beautiful environments. There is a strong female protagonist and a good sci-fi story that you slowly piece together as you play. In describing the gameplay, I would say this is a first-person walking simulator with a good mix of puzzles. There are a few areas with some platforming (especially in the unfortunate timed end sequence) and even some shooting, though the shooting is directed at environmental components and not people.The plot revolves around a computer system called the Soul Cloud where people can download and store their memories before they die (think of like the Lucid Dream set up in the movieVanilla Sky). You find yourself in the Soul Cloud traversing someone's memories which take on a sort of nightmarish quality due to a computer virus and/or some sinister person who is out to get you and who has corrupted the Soul Cloud in order to lash out at you. I am trying to be vague so as not to give away any of the plot. As you ""solve"" each memory, you uncover more and more of the story of what has come before and what has brought you into the cloud.I liked the visual representation of the surreal environments but I admit that I didn't like the cartoony art style that was used to portray some of the concrete memories you unlock. The sound design and music in the game was also pretty well done except some of the creepy sounds got repetitive at times. My one big complaint about the game was with the wonkiness I experienced while using my Xbox 360 controller. For some reason, there were times when I used the left stick to strafe left in the game that my character would get stuck strafing left, which would be annoying and downright dangerous in some of the few platforming sections of the game. I don't have any issues like this with my controller with any other games. This was the biggest nuisance but I was able to deal with it and enjoy the game anyway. I am just putting it out there for others to know about if it influences their decision to get this game.If you like a good sci-fi story with some surreal creepiness and some decent puzzles then you should get this game."
,Recommended,251850,19558667,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,-DI- Snek,"Highly recommend! Gorgeous, creepy game that leaves you wanting to find all the collectibles to piece together the story. And it's the only game that I know of where you can play through the game with complete Welsh subtitles and voice acting!"
,Recommended,251850,19887102,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sgtmus,"It looks and sound great, however, I'm gutted I can't play this game, as some one who needs to rebind the keys a certain way, I am restriced to play the game in the default bindngs and sadly there are no options to rebind to change the keys for keyboard or controller.  I really hope you can something about it. I'm still recommending."
76561198127524659,Recommended,251850,20894090,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Za_Docta,"A fantastic bit of mind-bending, high-concept, hard sci-fi wrapped in a heart-wrending doomed love story wrapped in an actually-kind-of-mediocre horror game.(Minor spoilers ahead, kind of)It's not like it has bad atmosphere or anything, it's just not incredibly scary. Part of that is down to the level design. The story kind of mandates that the levels be haphazard jumbles (it'll make sense when you play it), but that means that the gameplay tends to devolve into traipsing around samey environments hunting for various keys for various doors, and monotony kind of spoils the otherwise-excellent atmosphere. Many times, the game would attempt a jump-scare, or the soundtrack would freak out in such a way as to indicate that a jump-scare was supposed to be happening somewhere, but they forgot to do the work of making me look in that direction first. That's not to say it didn't make me jump when the various horror elementsdidline up, but the design could stand some tightening up.That's all a shame, because when the game is at its peak, the experience is to die for. Repetetive environments notwithstanding, the visual design is generally gorgeous, presenting a unique and vibrant virtual world that manages to vary respectably while maintaining a coherent art style. From an aesthetic standpoint, it's absolutely fantastic, even if it's really nothing new in terms of horror elements. Little girls with supernatural powers and psychological issues? Seen it. Childrens' toys coming to life? Seen it. Ominous graveyards? Seen it. Deserted fairgrounds? Seen it. Not a deal-breaker, but it just makes the actual points of novelty seem few and far between. I wish it could have been as rich to experience as it is to look at, is my point. There's one plot point (really trying not to spoil here) that crescendos towards the climax in a way that makes it seem like it's going to go somewhere completely insane and mind-blowing...and then it doesn't.All that criticism aside, I still did play through to the end and I would recommend it for its excellent storytelling regardless of any technical issues.There are several really intense emotional moments, and it's refreshing to see a work all about the digital age and transhumanism that actually has apointit's trying to make. And if you can look past a couple of imperfections in the design, this one will reel you in like few others can."
,Recommended,251850,20671898,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ultimatenewb13,"Absolutely loved it! Scared me to death in parts, made me think in others, and I just loved piecing the story together! The style is appealing and the art fits very well.The only negative thing I'd have to say about it is that a few of the post-memory levels were annoyingly time-sensitive (the one after the Park memory, speficially). Other than that, it's a very enjoyable game and a well put together story."
,Recommended,251850,21293358,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Eight675Three09,"I'm not quite finished with this game yet, but feel compelled to review as I'm hopped up with a head swimming in thoughts about it but it's too late in the night to finish.Master Reboot is short of masterpiece status solely on account of simple graphics and a few non-intuitive puzzles; easy puzzles, but ones in which the solution is achieved by randomly clicking and with no logic between action and solution (here's looking at you, playground).The pros far outweigh the cons. The puzzles and environments are varied, never repetitive; the story is haunting, pieced together by messages and pictures you get from optional blue ducks, reversed engineered as you progress; the demons(?) are creepy as hell and made me jump every single time, sometimes just in anticipation. The music, environments and atmosphere all combine for a disturbing and horrific reason to stay up until 3am.I would definitely recommend, and will be getting Wales Interactive's next game Soul Axiom just as soon as it's out of early access."
76561198001527457,Recommended,251850,22286371,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/makarimorph,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IeJsHojiT4Master reboot! a matrix style puzzle game, wandering around a beutiful virtual reality being chased by virtual spooky ghosts and trying to piece together what happened to the place you find your self in. Enjoy! I know I did.Remember to like/Subscribe! it helps me a lot!"
,Recommended,251850,14183609,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,TeenJackBauer,"Positive+ Interesting premise; exploring human memories through a server-based environment is intriguing in and of itself+ The sci-fi setting and several locales that you visit throughout the game are fairly well-designed+ While the graphical quality of the game is nothing to boast about, the vivid colour palette prevents the game from looking ugly+ The puzzles that you solve throughout the majority of the game are relatively creative and simple (possibly too simple at times).Negative- Some areas of the game are based too much on trial and error, leading to repetition (and at times annoyance), bogging down the whole experience- The horror elements of the game are very poor: cheap jump scares and weak sound design accompany you throughout the short campaign (just under 3 hours); the game would’ve been much better having focused solely on the puzzle elements rather than trying to unnecessarily frighten the player.Verdict“This is quite a difficult game to recommend. At times it feels unpolished, but for an indie game it’s possible to overlook that simple fact (not to say that just because it’s an indie game that it can get away with it either). If you’re looking for a fairly short and simple puzzle game with a little atmosphere (which was what I expected it to be), and can look past the annoying horror elements, then I’d recommend you get this on the cheap like I did.”6.5/10 TJBs"
,Recommended,251850,7707168,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,ulrich5000,"Behind the really peaceful atmosphere lurks a dark, creepy presence. This game caught my eye when I saw it on Steam. The trailer showed an interesting set-up, people being able to upload their memories to a digital database called the Soul Cloud where they could be relived and eventually lived in when that person dies. Then I saw something, a scary presence shown in the trailer. It was enough for me to buy the game, and I must say, great time playing it.While the controls are a bit finicky at times, I easily overlooked them for an interesting story and a unique game.-Overall an 8/10"
76561197960472753,Recommended,251850,8077045,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,RDSmokey,"While not as frightening as it might make itself out to be, it certainly contains a good mystery as to discovering your own identity and what's happened to you. The simple graphics hide an eerie beauty that really has to be seen, and shows that you don't need super detailed polys and textures to create an engaging environment. With each piece of the puzzle you take one step closer to possibly finding out who you are and if going all the way to the end is that important to you."
,Recommended,251850,8007078,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sleeper of R'lyeh,"If you're interested in a game with gorgeous visuals, an eerie soundtrack and an engaging story, then this is a game for you.The story is not as much told as it is gradually uncovered and interpreted by the player (Really... There are clues hidden everywhere in the game, and they're mostly mementos, messages, pictures and other what-not - not to mention that the worlds you travel through are based on memories). There is something really engaging about trying to piece together all the clues you have uncovered in a way that makes sense... Then stumble upon an extra clue that will make you reconsider your entire theory !(If you've reached this point in the review, congratulation ! I have managed to convey to you my appreciation of the game ! I can now discuss the weaker aspects of the game)The gameplay has its weak moments. When you're trying to do something original for each puzzle, there's bound to be hits & misses. Sometimes, you don't now what you're supposed to do. Other time, you'll stumble on a small plateform puzzle that will thwart your efforts until you figure the timing out. You generally get it after a few deaths - thankfully, there are regular checkpoints in those cases.All in all, if you like a good story, then don't get discouraged by the metascore : the game is worth its price."
,Recommended,251850,7975398,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[PUN] damordman,"A nice game with a nice scenery, albeit sometimes a bit blocky or looking cheap. An interresting story, that makes you want to play untill the very end. The sometimes scary parts make you sit on the tip of your chair, but not too scary either, giving it a nice touch!"
76561198004202428,Recommended,251850,8098738,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,mr.roboto1,"After the disappointment ofRemember Me,especially the lack of exploration,Master Rebootmore than makes up for the former's shortcomings. Go ahead and explore your bitmaps off, that's how you discover the events leading up to your arrival in the Soul Cloud.Highly recomended for explorers, puzzle solvers, and those looking for a good creep scare."
,Recommended,251850,10646297,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Alan Resnick,"This game gave me 6 hours of entertainment. Although it has many visual and technical problems, and poor level design choices, it is not quite like anything else I've played. It was definitely worth the $2.50 I spent on it, but if it's not on sale, you're getting ripped off."
76561197960566432,Recommended,251850,16864554,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,KERM,"Fabulous game... just beat it. Even though the graphics aren't the latest and greatest, I still enjoyed the visual experience quite a bit. There was a nice variety in the levels. Some levels are about exploring, some are more about puzzle solving, and yet others are more action-oriented. To be honest, I figured out the plot early on. But that didn't matter much, as each level was kind of a mini-game in-itself.It's definitely not the scarriest game. But, I see it as more horror-style than survival horror if that makes sense. I think if you like the visual aspects of horror and cyberpunk, this is one worth checking out. I got it on a Steam Cyberpunk game sale, but I think it's worth $15. Ran OK on my 2011 iMac. Some of the cutscenes popped and crackled a bit. The gameplay itself was adequately smooth, but not terrific.To sum up, I'm looking forward to Soul Axiom."
,Recommended,251850,10141287,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Thenavidude,"Even though criticized I HIGHLY recommend this game, real fun if you are looking foward to psycologically scare yourself."
,Recommended,251850,7727224,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,AstralPro,"It's disturbing and convoluted in the most brilliant of ways. You may not be able to quite nail it down, but there's just something creepy about it all. Play at night, play alone and enjoy the Master Reboot."
,Recommended,251850,7916599,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,「Blanc」,For all who love the intriguing storyline.
,Recommended,251850,8026863,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,/\/\!l<!,"This game is very cewl some of the puzzels are a litle confusing but it all works out in the end , A+"
,Recommended,251850,8788206,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,RoyalWelsh,"A horror/adventure/puzzle indie game made by Wales Interactive about storing deceased people's memories and personalities in a server called the Soul Cloud is an intriguing story and a well told one by the use of the wonderfully done environmental clues and by the mostly well done puzzles. One or two of the puzzles are, however, a bit too obscure and trial and error but they are far and few between and doesn't detract from the overall experience.Master Reboot's artsyle looks utterly gorgoues. It helps build a fantastic sense of atmosphere and suspense and the excellent use of shadow and lighting makes some parts of the game breathtakingly pretty and some parts genuinely tense and creepy during it's horror moments. This is complimented by the ambient soundtrack which supports the atmosphere really beautifully.It also supports the Welsh language, which being a Welshman myself, is very nice to see since hearing Welsh in videogames is almost non-existent.I found Master Reboot to be a thoroughly enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,251850,11107781,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Short Horror game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to play with a xbox controller.There are some different resolution sizes available.You can play fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a brightness volume level.There is an audio volume level, between 0-10.About the game.So you will play with some person that is ""trapped"" in some computer system. You will have to complete/recover parts from your past. From baby to adult. The game doesn't sound that amazing as it seems be to be. But it will get the job done for low level end machines. The levels are played in chapters, but the chapters are pretty short. Each chapter has a background story and some puzzles.Has Puzzles and Okay art.Okayish story line.Could get stale after awhile.Game is short.Graphics okish.Game is not super Scary.It has collectables.Other things.This game is decent for people who wants to try a horror game for a first time or for people who want to build it up.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,251850,7563477,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,FOXX5,"Master Reboot started a little slow, but once you started getting enough cluse to build the story it was fun guessing and new clues became available. Most of the puzzles through out the game are fairly easy. In the end there was 4 that would have been extreamly impossiable if it weren't for screenshots YAY! I did not like the fact that you can not make saves. The game saves for you and does not really tell you when. Now if I want to try for more acheivments I have to start over. Graphics are basic, but with the brilliant light added it gave life to it. The horror/thriller aspect I think needed to be intensified a bit. My son 7 year old was a bit scared, but still enjoyed it with me. I would give this a 84/100 This should be selling for $10 buck I think."
,Not Recommended,251850,10959685,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,IcePotato,tons of arbitrary deaths and poor checkpointing
76561197974463258,Recommended,251850,12677782,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Prowlinger,Interesting game... definately a good one...  I can image with Oculous support it would be even better.
,Not Recommended,251850,17544705,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Nippie capuchin,"It has a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of ""ambiguous packages""... and crashes every time on the Unreal engine intro sequence. Why does it do this? Does anyone else get this?"
,Recommended,251850,8113758,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ebu,"Behind the really peaceful atmosphere lurks a dark, creepy presence. This game caught my eye when I saw it on Steam. The trailer showed an interesting set-up, people being able to upload their memories to a digital database called the Soul Cloud where they could be relived and eventually lived in when that person dies. Then I saw something, a scary presence shown in the trailer. It was enough for me to buy the game, and I must say, great time playing it.While the controls are a bit finicky at times, I easily overlooked them for an interesting story and a unique game.-Overall an 8/10"
,Not Recommended,251850,18094569,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Child of Carnage,"While some of the visuals are interesting, the puzzles are either way too easy or are little more than Simon Says. The graphics are very basic Unity and the gameplay is largely a walking sim. The story is thin at best and completely incongrous at worse. Pass."
,Not Recommended,251850,29974491,Posted: 16 February,all,Remi,"Cool atmosphere at first, but the puzzle mechanics are lazy and the creepy sounds aren't so creepy after you hear the same one four times in five minutes. The ending is a letdown (total GARBAGE) and I feel like I wasted four hours of my life.don't buy this if you are looking for a fun gameif you're looking to waste time, go right ahead."
,Recommended,251850,8973946,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Noctillo,"Did not know what to expect when buying this game, I stumbled across it and was drawn in by the in-game screenshots on the main page. After downloading the game and starting it up I was greeted by a very poor looking flash cutscene and thought I was tricked into buying a crap game, this was not the case. After the cutscene you are thrown into a world that is extremely artistic and creepy. I am not very far into the game mind you, but from what I played I must say I enjoyed very much. My only problem as stated before are the flash cutscenes, they make the game feel cheap and it ruins the immersion of the game. Other then that I would give this game a 9.5 / 10."
,Recommended,251850,9014932,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,SloeBroh,"Incredibly clever, atmospheric and immersive. Scared me really good plenty of times, even just the sounds coming in around you are terrifying. Best story in a game i have seen in my adult life. The makers dont spoon feed it to you either, you have to find clues to really understand everything. Great puzzles, well constructed platforming and an all around amazing narrative make this my favorite game of at least the past two years. Very well done! Now to replay in welsh for the rest of the achievements."
76561198013865579,Recommended,251850,9404635,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,nilen435,"interesting concept, good atmospheric levels, good and emotional story. Many of the gameplay elements are not that good and are in some regards bad. But the concept and awesome areas and intresting story makes up for it to me."
76561198127135650,Recommended,251850,9996083,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,[RF]KommieKunt,Actually a really good game with really stupid puzzles.
,Recommended,251850,8893421,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Say_Ten,"I really enjoyed this game, at its heart it's a puzzle game but the atmosphere is brilliant."
,Recommended,251850,25347796,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"Somewhat brief but fun first-person exploration game. The plot for this is somewhat unique - something about people being able to upload their memories into the ""cloud"" to live on in a state of semi-eternity, with some twists concerning spurned lovers and server crashes and other stuff that (honestly) I stopped trying to understand.There's a slight element of horror here and the occasional jump-scare, but nothing truly terrifying.There were two things that annoyed me somewhat, but neither enough to kill my interest. First, parts of the story are told through a series of hand-drawn pictures, and I didn't find the quality of the artwork in these pictures up to snuff with the artwork in the rest of the game. They looked a bit underwhelming, to be honest.Second, the game has a few difficulty spikes that seem to come out of nowhere and frustrated me. First, there's a level where you must dodge cars driving straight at you, very quickly. Part of the difficulty here is that you get 4 ""hits"" before the level resets, and you can be hit one (or more) times a split second after you spawn. I nearly gave up on the game after this, but eventually made it through. The second difficulty spike is the very last level, where you have 180 seconds to destroy 5 cubes in 5 different platforming challenges. 4 of those are not too hard once you get the hang of them. The fifth one involves jumps over gaps of different sizes, and (for me) was intensely frustrating, particulary knowing that it was the last thing I had to do to complete the game.Those complaints aside, I really did enjoy this. It was clever, looked good and didn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,251850,25117450,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Eiggy,"Very good thematic expirence, happy, sad, and scary, with good gameplay and beautiful artstyle.It is a bit short, but worth the buy."
76561198070643083,Recommended,251850,13022225,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Master Green Fox,That moment I realize I really did just go over 4 hours ...7/10 would creep myself out again.Rather simple puzzles and some negative level mechanics drop it the three points in my book.Still rather good though.
76561198058152243,Not Recommended,251850,18363267,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,tarage,"Although I finished the game, I don't reccomend it. Have you ever had an experience where you keep waiting for it to turn the corner? Master Reboot is like that; worse than simply being a bad game, it is an inconsistent game, which robs all the enjoyment you get by implanting a numb sense of deja-vu when the inevitable bug or slapdash scene overtakes you.The atmosphere is great, which is a big part of why I finished the game. The plot is mediocre, but gets better as you go. The drawn artwork is generic, and the 3D artwork is sometimes very cool (Fairground) and sometimes lacking (graveyard). The sound effects are where you see the quality decline - yes, there is a lot of good here, but there's also a lot of bad. Consider the Circus scene, where the sound of footsteps show up for no reason (no-one is there); you hear Kali thud as she lands in the trees near you, but she never does anything, so you start to ignore them after a while.Then there's the puzzles. Often, the puzzles exist just to give you something to do and make no sense (like the block puzzle in the Childhood memory). The plot pieces that the puzzles reveal often don't seem to be worth it. The risk/reward just isn't balanced well.The gameplay suffers as well. For instance, some sections are timed, but the game never tells you this. Some exits are only triggered if you behave the way that the game expects you to, and so if you think different, you will be stuck. Some scenes run on and on and on for no real reason. Worse, the restore points absolutely suck (consider the last scene), and as a result, you often have to repeat scenes again and again until you master some unimportant skill. Also, the achievements never register for Mac OS X.The theme is a worthy one, but I just don't think Master Reboot really dealt with the theme seriously enough. The characters aren't explored deeply; when the game ends, you feel that you know only one or two of them well. That is a real missed opportunity.So while I did enjoy the theme and the atmosphere, the gameplay was incredibly frustrating and unnecessarily so. I don't want to be harsh, but I feel like the game could have used more dev time and definitely more QA time. Maybe Soul Axiom will be better, but I won't be hanging around to find out."
,Recommended,251850,12823235,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,MegaMan91,"Highly recommended. Story was meh, but the game itself is beautiful and creepy at times, they really know how to set an atmosphere!"
,Recommended,251850,24518465,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Need Love,"If youre into scary games and mystery games,this game is for you. All i have to say is duck, duck, and more ducks (reference from the game) but other than that a 10/q0 definite buy."
,Recommended,251850,20731038,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"I enjoyed this game. The story is not bad and the levels are interesting. The puzzles were fun to figure out and the soul cloud idea was thought provoking. However, there are some glitches in this game that cause it to crash forcing me to reboot the game (not the OS but just the game even so... lol! l can't get over how ironic that is considering its title maybe this was supposed to be part of the fun!). The controls are not that fine-tuned so some of the games that require accuracy are not fun but become frustrating (I can only think of 2 or 3 at the moment so the overall number of these games is low compared to the total amount of puzzles/games probably less than 5% but some of them are at the end of levels so if you don't pass it you have to restart the whole level (ugh!)). The save system is also not that great since it's autosave and doesn't save within a level forcing you to restart a whole level if you don't make it the whole way through. As you progress through the game, you have to leave the main area where the memories are. At this point  you are not able to go back to these memories. This was annoying because I wanted to get the achievements after I had beaten the game and there was no way back except starting a new game and redoing it all. It was still pretty fun the second time around though.Even with these minor glitches and gameplay issues this was a fun game."
76561198009342411,Recommended,251850,19906719,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gdano,"After months having played it, this game still come back to my mind.Maybe it's not a masterpiece, but if you love narrative, surreal games, this is a MUST play."
,Recommended,251850,22311232,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Shia Surprise,"I find it to be a fun game, puzzles arn't too difficult however the music which happens to be spooky yet not dramatically so. It is a game that uses atmosphere as a crutch but it does it very well. Overall one of my favorite puzzle games to play at night."
76561197991672987,Not Recommended,251850,19804217,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Cai,"Some striking visuals, and effective atmosphere building, but the adventure-gamey puzzles got in the way of the exploration for me."
76561198037650912,Recommended,251850,22577905,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,crescent-fury,Beautiful game that is somewhat abstract and surreal.
76561198079599542,Recommended,251850,9035799,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,REN_GAMING,"Hey chaps. Just my 2 pence worth..Really enjoyed this game, check the review!http://youtu.be/n2ro1maPckg"
76561197983399143,Recommended,251850,13732817,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Arcanix,"I picked up this game on sale, and I'm glad I did. That statement is twofold. I'm happy I played the game, but I'm also happy I only paid the sale price for it. Overall, it was a positive experience, but there were some sections that were personally frustrating.The negatives: The most frustrating thing for me was the platforming elements. I imagine if you're a gamer who likes platforming games, that they will probably be easy and no cause for concern. I however am not a platform gamer and there were a couple sequences in the last level that I found rather frustrating. Second, the collection elements of the game slow you down as you go through levels and can remove the tension that this type of horror game wants to create and destroy it. A minor complaint I have was the ""bell"" puzzle in the last level, this a musical puzzle and I'm basically tone deaf. Again, this may not be a problem for all players but it was for me. Finally, some of the animated 2d art was at a lower quality than the rest of the game, it was very notable in several of the close up shots on hands.The positives:The storytelling. Oh, the storytelling. The world setting was personally appealing to me, with fun touches of science-fiction. More importantly though, was the core story itself. I won't say a lot, so as to avoid spoilers, but following the twists and turns of these young women's lives was a very entertaining experience and it made for a fun psychological thriller. The method of story presentation added a lot to the game as well. A lot of the story was told through single still images that you found as “memories” located throughout the game. Stopping to search for these did hurt the ambiance, as I previously mentioned, but it did make for a rewarding experience as you worked to uncover the truth of what had happened. In retrospect, it is rather ironic that one of my personal gripes about the game also contributed to one of the parts I enjoyed the most. The level design was done well and did have a good feel to it when you were moving through it at a reasonable pace. The last pro I want to list is the 2d art that found by viewing the tattoo glyphs (and in the final level, on the walls) was creepy, disturbing, beautiful and technically accomplished.tldr; The game has flaws, but if you like horror and don’t hate platforming elements, its worth playing. The story is a blast to uncover."
,Recommended,251850,16004222,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,AMB 10,"Despite being rough around the edges in terms of gameplay and graphics, Master Reboot is one of the most intriguing games I've played in a long time. Fantastic, scary and inventive."
,Not Recommended,251850,22747420,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"Not what I was expecting. Game play is fun-ish. The story can be hard to follow, and doesn't pay-off much."
,Recommended,251850,12890464,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Scopedog,"Master Reboot looks like the coolest game ever made. A dark, moody cyberpunk game with a really cool concept – after death people can be stored in a “soul cloud”, and their relatives and friends can interact with these AI ghosts. You start plugged into the soul cloud, and it’s obvious that something has gone terribly wrong. Parts of the world are missing, or broken, and you’re being stalked by a roving anti-virus program called Serra.exe, who just so happens to materialise as Sadako fromRingduring her raver years.From a gameplay angle, Master Reboot is more Gone Home than System Shock 2. If you enjoy these “walking simulators” – storytelling through exploration of environment – you’ll probably find a lot to like about Master Reboot. The puzzles gating off one area to the next could charitably be described as “rudimentary” – most of them are variations of “find yellow, green and red keys and deliver them to the corresponding lock”. While they facilitate environmental exploration, as a gameplay mechanic I found them very tedious. Even the few genuine puzzles tend to be pretty braindead, usually solved in seconds (sometimes by accident).The game does briefly flirt with other game styles, including stealth, shooting and platforming, but the game was obviously not designed to accommodate these shifts – the single level utilising stealth is laughably easy, with Serra patrolling up the middle of a plane while you push buttons when her back is turned. Unless you walk into her limited field of view, you’re safe – as long as you do not touch her you can jump around inches from her back. Evasion consists of nothing more than crouching by a seat until she’s passed.The last level suddenly becomes a timed precision first person platformer – something which I believe is now considered a war crime in most civilised countries. The controls are clumsy, and the timing is so tight that any kind of mistake will essentially force you to restart. Completing the game at that point was frankly a relief, and almost managed to sour the goodwill the game had built up.In spite of these issues the story and atmosphere does just about manage to carry the game – the cold, minimalist cyberpunk environments and creepy sound design are often brilliant with particular mention going to the excellent lighting, though there are a couple of amateurish stages that let the side down. The scares do sort of work, especially early on, but they’re very scripted and it soon becomes clear that there are only a small number of circumstances where Serra can actually harm you. There are also bizarre, cartoonish flash style interludes that are not only poorly drawn and animated, but jar with the aesthetics of the game as a whole. The game would have been stronger as a whole with those story elements woven into the game in a less incongruous manner.Master Reboot often feels like a student project, scrappy and unfinished but built with obvious enthusiasm and love for the craft. As a result it is a game that is impossible to hate – but 12 quid is proper game money, and that means it must be held up against the standards of its peers. In that cold, harsh light the game just does not stack up. If you can find it in a sale, I might tentatively recommend it, particularly if you are forgiving of clunky mechanics."
,Recommended,251850,9163900,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Pazuza,It's a great game if you like quests in the world of afterdeath childish memories with good storyline and coarse UI.
,Recommended,251850,20576783,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Pèpè Silvia,"While the game has a good premise and great atmosphere; it suffers from abstract puzzles and design flaws.First off - If you don't like jump scares, probably best to stay away. There's several in this game; and while they're not so prevalent that they get annoying; some just seem unnecessary.Level design felt average; with nothing standing out that made me excited. Some were cool ideas, while some felt tacked on just to add another puzzle.The dev's have gone with a sort of ""abstract art"" sheme with polygons and 'blocky' models. While this is all good when done right; sometimes it seems they did it simply to ""cut corners"". Some models look straight out of a game from the mid-90's (i.e. the airplane). Round objects like pillars and orbs have straight edges; a lot of textures are very low quality or non-existent, and lighting felt very basic. It's as if they went for a cell-shaded game but didn't quite commit.This doesn't necessarily take away from the game, but it definitely doesn't add to it; and there several times when I was left wondering ""why did they do that?""The puzzles range from your typical ""library maze"" and ""simon says"" to some that are so abstract and ""outside of the box"" that they become frustrating.  Most of the puzzles are ""trial and error""; with nothing really explaining what the goal is.Some are so ""out there"", that it takes incredibly long to do something that should be simple. This leaves you wandering around trying to find anything that you might have mised; when usually there nothing else and it's just by chance or luck that you figgure it out.Some puzzles are designed well, but are frustrating because of poor level design i.e. switches that don't work unless you're in the perfect spot; activating switches that are close to others will activate the undesired one; or something hiding in the shadows. It feels very clunky and unintuitive compared to most puzzle games.The story itself is interesting; but it suffers from the long ""pauses"" of trying to solve these abstract puzzles that don't relate in any way to the story, and you start to loose interest. There's also no voiceovers for the cutscenes showing the ""past""; so you sit in complete silence watching the story unfold.In a game like this, lighting is key. However, while the ""ambient"" lighting is fantastic; lighting on objects and models is horrid. There is no dynamic lighting, so you don't get the ""shadow play"" effect that creeps you out even more.Static shadows are grainy, murky messes. The flashlight (which is only in a few levels) only lights up a (polygon) cone and doesn't cast shadows and is full of glitches. Most un-lit corners are pitch black while there's a light 2 feet away. This actually takes away from the game as it keeps players from exploring, (or even seeing) most of the level.All in all, it's an OK game with very few good puzzles, and while the story is presented poorly, it's not a terrible premise. If you get this game I'd recommend getting it during a sale, so if you get frustrated you don't feel so guilty about letting it go.I can only recommend this game if you get it for cheap, and\or if you REALLY like puzzle games no matter how abstract or obtuse they are.6\10"
76561198045369163,Recommended,251850,7816090,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mumps Crumply,"Butt Nuggets! Buy it darn you, it has ducks.......... and the welsh!Gets it now.why not?stop reading this and buy it!love youXOXOXOXOX, Santa"
,Recommended,251850,8267127,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Bot_Proxy,I can promise that you will not forget this game anytime soon. The soundtrack is amazingly chilling. A favorite.
,Not Recommended,251850,12872904,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Top Nep,"Though the artwork was gorgeous, the gameplay was sorely lacking an identity of its own, drastically changing from exploration, to lite horror, to puzzle platformer, but finding strengths in none. The story, though promising, is mostly told through static scenes, with hand drawn art that does not fit the tone of the rest of the game.I would recommend waiting for their sequel."
,Recommended,251850,12532409,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Frog Who Ate Ponion,"I was surprised that this game has great story, and is actually scary!I don't like horror games, but scifi-horror is different. This game is worth the money they ask for it. It's surprisingly good."
,Recommended,251850,15592675,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,More entertaining than half the games in my steam library.10/10.
76561198010345986,Not Recommended,251850,14590304,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Whatever,"This game is good.EDIT (2/22/2015 12:09 AM): I can't decide if this game is good, or really good. I think it is really good. I had to think about it more to figure that out.EDIT (2/22/2015 3:49 PM): After sleeping on it, I think the game is just good. It won't be amazingly good until I play it for the 2nd time tonight. Will update review then.EDIT (3/2/2015 12:03 AM): Sorry, I never stopped playing the game since then so I couldn't add to my review. Now that I'm a quarter of the way through the game, I believe that the creator of this game was inspired by the Gettysburg Address.EDIT (7/12/2015 1:56 AM CET) I took a trip to Berlin for a few months to find myself after playing this game. I had many sleepless nights, tossing and turning over what I had seen. There were two distinct ideas residing in my mind: this game was either my messiah or my personal hell. I needed to travel to a city as split in twain as my heart to understand how to move on, how to regroup, how to heal. This will be my last edit.It was in the arms of a plain but empathetic ""woman of the night"" that I had a revelation. I saw before me what could happen when two bodies become one. I saw a unification of ideas in a way I was not even capable of seeing before Master Reboot forced me to grow. I finally feel like I know what I have needed to know since I first clicked ""write review"".This game is alright, buy it on sale I guess if you're really interested but it's whatever"
,Recommended,251850,9228890,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,little caprice,This game is freaky.Play in the dark with headphones on.
,Recommended,251850,8461328,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cody Snider,This game captures the feeling of being lost in a bad nightmare. Incredibly well done.
,Recommended,251850,25371514,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,portal2turret,"This is a horror game, but as far as scariness (is that a word?), it's definitely not the scariest of games I've played. For me, that was good, because I usually end up chickening out of horror games. This one never got me to that level of fear. It has a big variety of level designs, which keeps things exciting. There are some difficult parts where you'll be trying over and over again to succeed, but it's all still doable. I spent 4.6 hours getting through the entire game, so $15 is a reasonable price.Although I do recommend this game, if you want something extremely frightening (along the lines of Alien: Isolation or Doorways), you may be disappointed with this one."
76561197997074716,Recommended,251850,25188751,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Finnegan,"Writing this after completing my first playthrough, and I can say this one of those game sthat pleasantly surprises. I wasn't able to tell much of what was going  from the trailer but the price is right and after playing it I wouldn't have minded paying a bit more. The game looks stunning from high res to low res, the colors and design is pleasing throughout. There were few if any areas of the design where I felt something was missing or needed an adjustment.Game play was better than average for a first person puzzler, and the game did a few things better most I've played. The first was atmosphere, between the level design, the score, and the objective Master Reboot made me feel tension, elation, and a wide range of emotions while playing(anger/frustration wasn't one of them). The objectives and ""scenes"" you play through are fantastical in their creation, so there is little emersion factor, but the game has a steady pace and finds ways to motivate you through each chapter. The puzzles were simplistic in nature and easy enough to comprehend and solve, though the real challenge came from identifying what kind of puzzle and then executing. No Shadows of the Empire-esq run+jump+hit the lever+dodge the guards+slide under the door before it closes permanantly type of juggling but there are some obstacles to be aware of and they do make the challenge that much more interesting.To me the game plays well enough a sa casual game with enough to keep you interested and focused, while holding back a trememdous amount of depth that keep the achievement hunters and secret raiders digging for more. I highly recommend this game and look forward to playing other titles from the publisher."
,Recommended,251850,8727300,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Alan Tryth,"An excellent game, especially for Sleepers and Dreamers.  Hard to describe; you really need to experience it for yourself.Graphics are a tad outdated, though that's only an issue for the casual and twitchy gaming crowds.  Concept is fantastic, and the way the story unfolds was very pleasing.  Not sure why it has such a low Metacritic rating, though I suspect the lack of run-and-gunning would turn off todays admittedly more twitchy gamers."
,Recommended,251850,8816880,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Jabroni Binyot,"I bought this game during a sale and completly forgot about it till I was bored out of my mind and skimmed through my list.the concept instantly spoke to me and I remember why I bought it. When people die they get uploaded into a ""soul space"" their memory's and possibly themselves live on forever. And thats where you are. You find out what happened by finding blue rubber ducks which contain memories.The story is very good, the artstyle excellent, its very basic but it suits the world. And it can get quite creepy aswell. This is easily one of my favorite game of all time. 8/10!"
,Recommended,251850,8834807,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Blue Phoenix,"Having completed a full playthrough for my YouTube channel, I can honestly say the best word to describe Master Reboot would be ""imaginative,"" and that's a very good thing. It's not the next smash hit, nor is it the most entertaining thing I've ever played or even the best-written script, but it's not really meant to be any of those things; Master Reboot is a trip for the imagination, plain and simple.If you prefer subtle, well-faceted stories, action-packed or original gameplay, or are looking for a spine-chilling horror game, then Master Reboot is not the game for you. If, however, you want to enjoy an adventure in an admittedly rather linear but highly compelling setting of wild, stylized imaginings, then you could hardly make a better choice."
76561197993995997,Recommended,251850,8933213,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,bunnyfrog the verdant,"Initially, this game offers no clues as to what to expect. Of course theres plenty of reviews and videos and whatnot, but the game itself drops you into a strangely disturbing art deco style world and expects you to get on with it. This I think is beautiful and as you gradually gain tidbits of story and have your heart leap into your mouth a few times (particularly if you play with headphones in the dark), the immersion is complete. Contains, puzzles, monsters and psychotic computers, all the elements needed to keep you wanting to discover a little more as to 'what the hell?'. Also, you can play it in Welsh."
76561198051984074,Recommended,251850,8969947,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Moist Plumz,OMG!!! its like playing Antichamber but with more. Graphics are nice and if you are into the more mind bending puzzle/adventure games then grab this its awesome-balls.... also for some reason this game has given my play hours to Nether  :( actually played about 6-7hrs. [also only played 15mins of Nether - dont buy just get Day Z]
,Recommended,251850,9027557,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TacitParasite11,"This game isn't for everyone, but to be honest. I think it is THE best game I have EVER played! Not only with a new twist on System Shock, but because it has a really good story that you can barely pick out from just the cutscenes that you recieve after beating a memory. But all in all, this game is one for those that don't like too much horror, like puzzles, and really could sit down and play this game for hours. Now, me, I'm just gonna go 100% this game. Thanks!"
76561197997881286,Recommended,251850,9038741,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The secret life of Star Candy,"So far, so good!"
,Recommended,251850,9096729,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,UGY&SRUBC,"If you could distill and bottle surreal-ness, this game is probably the closest thing you can get. The story and gameplay themselves are nothing to write home about, not bad but not great either. Given the world it sets up, the story could have been executed a lot better. The gameplay is also pretty standard for these sort of games, some of the puzzles were nice at least.What the game excels at is the sheer quality of the sets it shows you, the environments change dramatically  between memories while keeping the vibrancy and strangeness. Each memory is a sheer joy to look at and explore through. Even with the low quality assets that show up, it still manages to be a very pretty looking game. If anything, you should get this game as an experience."
76561198066545703,Recommended,251850,9174801,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,-[FF]- ZombieMonkey,If you like a creepy environments and puzzles this is the game for you. The first time i played it was confusing because in the beginning it didnt tell you what keys to press to play. But other an that so far the game is good. I like how it has a creepy retro feeling. I think its a good game so far.
,Recommended,251850,9284648,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,B33,"Interesting game. Don't expect any hand holding with the puzzles. I was stuck on a couple for a good 45 minutes. Good story, great art direction and some legit scary moments. A bit clunky at times but it's not a huge issue."
,Recommended,251850,9555630,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,chompmonster,"Atmospheric; visceral; and the occasional jump scare. Overall, a chilling empathetic experience. A definite ""must play""."
76561198027781935,Recommended,251850,9611259,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,icecaller,"worth trying, has some depth in its story and some solid feels"
,Recommended,251850,9635009,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,J93,"Possibly the most unique game I have ever played. I read some people have had problems with the game mechanics such as aiming, but I've had none. This game really sets itself apart from both the traditional storylines and gameplay style. Graphics are beautiful too. If Wales Interactive create a Master Reboot 2, I'd have no hesitation in getting it. If you're looking for something different I'd highly recommend this!"
76561198027541238,Recommended,251850,9658949,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,PrimeMover,"Not as bad as Metacritic makes it out to me. It's a little rough around the edges in spots. If you enjoy atmospheric puzzle games with a dash of horror then this game is for you. The backstory is very interesting and makes it worth it to find all the collectables to learn more about what happened. Not too long, about a 4-5 hour play through. 4/5 Well Done!"
,Recommended,251850,8998996,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Orix,"This first person adventure features a 5-ish hour long jouney into the memories of a dead person. An unnerving presence and an unfolding story of envy and vengeance make this worth playing.The cutscenes are basic, but the 3D worlds are simple yet beautiful, with lashings of TRON inspired scenery and snippets of twisted real-world scenes.The puzzles are many, but non-too challenging, yet entertaining and varied enough to keep the experience fun.Certainly worth a play if fancy a first-person game with a bit of a difference."
76561198291670394,Recommended,251850,31815958,Posted: 17 May,all,O o Orianna o O,a very awesome game
,Not Recommended,251850,12048375,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"it's an okay game, totally playable from start to finish. but i wouldn't recommend due to it being mediocre. despite having an intresting cyberpunk theme, it fails to do anything intresting with it, which was disappointing to say the least. And the game also suffers from an identity crisis, it seems like it's trying to be a horror game, a puzzle platformer, a walking simulator and a point and click all at the same time, and doesn't really succeed to be anything of that. However, if you are a sucker for cyberpunk like me, this game is neat to have in your collection."
76561198003694300,Recommended,251850,15664197,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Mick,"Interesting game....thought it was SILENT-HILL with simpler graphics and then that dark haired girl with the errie blue eyes is somehting straight out of FEAR. What really iompressed me is the application of puzzles and this computerrised hub world that looks like it was inpsired from WALT-DISNEY'S TRON . At pne stage I was even thinking of Slender with regards to the fact that I thought I was being foolwed by something the whole time.  Despite the need to see this game and paly it again with a descent visual overhaul, LIke what if all the coders could be affordeed to give this game enviroments including the computerised hub I keep returning the look that alot of big name titles have today. Better rendered shapes and tecutres, more ploygons used with vivid realism.What Iliked most was was fact that io even managed to solve the SCHOOL & STREET puzzles. (I'm sure there was another   one I solved...if I could only recall which one it was!)  While I almost got all the way through BEDROOM and PARK, but the very last thing eluded me there......."
76561198167806543,Recommended,251850,19263529,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Not Jamz,2spooky4me
,Recommended,251850,32954527,Posted: 28 June,all,anonymous-tunes,Fun. Easy. Short. good story. unique.
,Recommended,251850,13145990,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kryyss,"When someone looks at the screenshots, they may think that Master Reboot has very little to offer visually but in reality what it offers is easily some of the most aesthetically varied environments I've come across in most games. Without getting into spoilers it will be hard to explain why Master Reboot is so enjoyable but here is my attempt.What the developers have achieved isn't a horror game in the normal sense. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that this is not a horror game at all, but it does successfully create an eerie atmosphere through the use of places which are quite unsettling due to how alien they appear. The game itself is set within a virtual world that seems somewhat warped, like a cross between Tron and Alice in Wonderland and that in itself makes it interesting to explore. The puzzles themselves won't tax your mental agility much but there are some really tricky ones that will require some concentration. The decrypting of the code in the graveyard is probably going to have you searching the internet though.From a narrative point of view, there is a plot behind all these places you explore. But you won't make much sense of it without looking for the Blue ducks scattered around the locations since these provide clues to the plot. While I did take a really good stab at collecting them all it seems that I missed some and didn't get to see the alternative ending, but I suspect I know what it is based upon the plot anyway. I would recommend anyone playing Master Reboot to spend some time collecting the ducks to figure out what is really happening in order to really appreciate what is happening. The plot is not handed to you on a silver platter, so you will need to piece together the information from the clues yourself to grasp the depth of the storyline.Overall I would say Master Reboot deserves more attention than it received. It's stylised visuals may not be cutting edge but they were perfectly matched to the storyline and setting of the game. The pacing of things was nice and the developers had a good stab at making the player uneasy but really could have avoided repeating the same cheap scares over and over to the point where they just didn't matter any more. There is some platforming sections here but they really aren't very difficult and they are rare compared to the other activities you will do. Much of Master Reboot is focussed on exploring the environments and solving the occasional brainteaser, so while you will see things like guns and axes in the screenshots you need to be aware that these are not used for fighting. This makes for a refreshing change of pace for an industry which insists on making 90% of its games focussed on overcoming challenges by bullet or blade.What a refreshing change to have games like Master Reboot around who strive to do things differently!"
,Not Recommended,251850,18947998,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,mishka,"boring story, easy puzzles, generic dumb flashbacks, ""spooky"" girl says something and pops in sometimes not even scary. 3/10 don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197987743391,Not Recommended,251850,12676029,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Inkheart Artist,"Sorry, can't recommend. I really wasn't feeling drawn to the experience from the start. I think it began losing me at the first cutscene with this god awful art that looked like it was done by a first year art student. I really think I would have been more receptive if they had skipped that entirely. I tried to give it the benifit of the doubt and kept going but the visuals continued to distract with their unconfident, amatuerish look. I had hoped that the first cutscene of terrible photoshop drawings would be the last but it appeared that they occur after every level once you get to the hub.On top of that, there were many cutscenes to highlight changes in the world that I could have naturally found through normal gameplay without taking the controls out of my hands. Not only did this element make possibly interesting events painfully obvious, but it was also incredibly jarring and completely removed me from the experience. I only got an hour in before it became unbearable to continue. I wish I could say something in favor of this game but I really can't. I'd suggest avoiding this one entirely, sorry devs..."
,Not Recommended,251850,29125021,Posted: 8 January,all,Timecode,"Sorry, it didn't hold my interest for long. The puzzles were boring and the premise uninspired."
76561198025318503,Not Recommended,251850,11997156,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,VegaTron,"Simple mechanics and slow pace make this game incredibly boring. The screenshots make it look nice, but the in-game feel is of 90's artsy graphics, barely any textures, bad lighting etc."
76561197982622736,Not Recommended,251850,10694373,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,pookaqueen,"The trailer looked facinating, but due to the lack of story, I'm not invested and have no desire to keep playing. Has potential, but nothing to keep me interested."
,Recommended,251850,8755201,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,essen,Game of the year 2013. Srsly.
,Recommended,251850,7991184,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,OP,"Loved this game, but it was a bit short; only took me 5 hours. The puzzles are not too hard, the graphics are a simple style that I enjoy, and the environments were eerie and lonesome. There's really no explanation of the story at all, they just throw you right into the game, and let you figure it out. Some puzzle style games can be annoyingly difficult, but this was just right for a leisurelly puzzle game. Great game :)"
76561198004565666,Not Recommended,251850,10812837,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,brickey.8,"The atmosphere is rather hit-and-miss, and the quality of the puzzles even more so. Some areas are pretty cool (such as the child's memory) but others are just silly (the park), and most of the puzzles can be divided into either ""read the author's mind"", ""search every inch of this area for something you can interact with, in the right order"", or ""blindingly obvious and unoriginal"". Oh, and it doesn't save your progress within an area; if you quit during the action sequence at the end be prepared to repeat all the puzzles.Overall it's not terrible, but there's a dozen other games that are better at each thing it's trying to do."
76561198067393128,Recommended,251850,25241561,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Robert Shmurda,"A very interesting game. If you are looking for amazing puzzles you can do better. If you're looking for a suspenseful experience, creepy atmosphere and a decent story go ahead and reboot."
,Not Recommended,251850,15043190,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Taehl,"I really want to like this game. The atmosphere, art style, and concept are neat. The music also deserves special mention. However, the game falls completely flat in the gameplay category. Basically, you get to walk slowly around (often excessively large) levels, stopped by frequent puzzles which either make little to no sense, or end up being just ""collect these to unlock the door""-variety. I really need to point out how much not-fun I was having due to moving too slowly. Also, that trite jump-scare where the little girl jumps out of a locker or closet and grabs you gets more than boring, but actually predictable the third time it happens. Especially since you have to Button-Mash-To-Save-Your-Life®.It's plagued by flaws that make it feel like it was made by extremely inexperienced developers. For example: In one level you have a hammer, and see a broken section of wall. You broke similar broken sections with three hammer strikes. So you hit this one three times, and nothing happens. No special sound or particle effect, no change in the wall. Go ahead and hit it three more times, just for luck. Still nothing. You'll be stuck, trapped, respawning over and over (with a cutscene, to boot!) until you discover it inexplicably takes SEVEN hits to break this wall. As well as the next five walls straight behind it in identical-looking rooms. To top it off, after breaking the final wall, I took a look behind me to see if I missed anything. Upon turning around again, for no reason a door had silently closed at the exit, forcing me to redo the section yet again.As for those ""memorable moments"", the only things I can remember about the game are needlessly frustrating sequences like the above. I have to recommend against this game. Better luck next time, Wales Interactive. I hope you learn from your mistakes."
76561198115730080,Recommended,251850,31354314,Posted: 25 April,all,WavesandBlaze,"Experimental , cool ."
,Recommended,251850,17032696,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,BOOM! Nutshot,Good game
,Not Recommended,251850,11322951,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,sheepshank,"like gone home, but they tried to be 3spooky5me."
76561197998391741,Not Recommended,251850,13001504,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Pretentious
,Recommended,251850,27176629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hunterskills,Biggest plot twist since the 2016 american election with hilary and trump.
,Not Recommended,251850,24872208,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Revvster,It's bad... It's really bad. Seriously.
,Not Recommended,251850,8890254,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,my grasp on reality is buttery,"Good game but a brony was involved in the making of it, do not support."
,Recommended,251850,10733558,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Slowbro,"An interesting little experience. It isn't as fully realized as it could have been but it is nice piece of video gaming art. It has some genuinely terrifying moments due to some awesome sound design, soundtrack, visual gags, and a slick low-poly art style. It's a fun game to play on a rainy afternoon with headphones on."
76561198039007330,Recommended,251850,10745645,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FlippyClooney,Although the game is a little difficult to get immersed in after the first 10 minutes it becomes an interesting glimpse at a future where people's souls are not even free from the grasp of technology. 8.5/10
,Recommended,251850,10727880,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Numb3red,"Master Reboot is a short puzzle game with excellent atmosphere and a few scares. If you have a bit of spare cash, this is a good game to kill three hours on."
76561197998813335,Recommended,251850,10731596,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ImpactHound,"Excellent indie walking simulator, with light horror elements. It was very atmospheric and had excellent art direction within the gameplay and environments, with intelligent scare tactics. Puzzles would occasionally fall flat, but most could be brute forced in a reasonable amount of time. My biggest criticism would have to be the art choices in the cinemas, which looks like Tokyopop faux-anime. It was somewhat jarring and clashed with the actual gamespace as juvenile and unpolished. Good game overall, especially if you're Welsh. How many games have native support for the Welsh?"
,Recommended,251850,10709609,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Detective Sadist,"Master Reboot is a game of life, death and memories. It's a first persona puzzle game with an emotional story and an interesting world known as the Soul Cloud.PRO- Interesting World- Music is great- Puzzles are challenging- Art style is basic but suits the gameCON- Cutscenes look like an amateur flash cartoon- Some puzzles are wrong (i.e. you get the answer right but nothing happens therefore you must use a wrong answer)- Not that detailedAll in all I thought this game was quite fun and interesting. 6/10"
,Recommended,251850,10692699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bulldops,"Fun short game, interesting concept, nice puzzles and I also enjoyed the horror elements. I'd totally buy a sequel. 8/10"
,Recommended,251850,11380919,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Hargate.u,This is a very interesting game and I loved the visual style.
,Recommended,251850,10857327,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,adaman1,"Master Reboot is one of those gems that you don't expect. Not only were there elements of horror, but the story was much more complex than I imagined it would be. Great environments, interesting story, and some decent jumpscares in terrifying atmospheres make Master Reboot a game that keeps you playing. Almost System Shock 2 meets dreams/nightmares. Definitely worth a try, especially on the Steam Sale!"
76561198004198285,Recommended,251850,10884648,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hexavalent,"Fantastic game. I'm very surprised that Master Reboot isn't on more people's radar. Great mix of sci-fi and horror, with some great/unique set pieces ( the Beach and the Fair Grounds are stand-outs) and an interesting story. Highly recommended!"
76561198108306541,Recommended,251850,11421621,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Deputy Dab,too scurry 10/10
76561198018682917,Recommended,251850,11795159,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Feminine Eminem,"This is a horror game unlike any I've ever played. It's more than just ""you're in a scaaary house in a scaaaaaary forest, and there's spooky monsters trying to kill you :("". It's a Sci Fi setting of a virtual world built to house memories. You'll see blurred lines between what's real and what's part of the simulation.The storytelling style reminds me of Bioshock, where you know something really bad happened, but you aren't sure what it is. The game has you going through corrupted versions of the main character's memories. Little clues along the way flesh out the story piece by piece, as you look for patterns among her memories, trying to figure out their chronological order and how they relate to the current situation. The game never comes right out and tells you exactly what's going on.There's also puzzles in this game, but in my opinion, they were the weakest part of the experience. They typically have a rather illogical solution that's not very fun to figure out. The worst one being the Simon-Says-like puzzle, where (spoilers but trust me you don't want to have to figure this out for yourself) the first 4 patterns shown to you are completely pointless and you only have to remember the last pattern. There's also an area that's literally just a giant maze that's extremely long and boring and seems to be built specifically to screw over people who follow the ""Follow the right wall"" strategy. Whenever I actually say ""Thank god that's over"" out loud while playing your game, something's wrong.Either way, it's a short little game with a detail rich plot that was an overall good experience. I bought it on sale for 3 dollars, and it took me 4 hours to finish it. I would not recommend it at full price, but keep it in your wishlist and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,251850,11903542,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Grandpa Karma,"Went into an airplane vent, Saw something chasing me, Ran as fast as i could and smacked into walls ontime to get out of their, Slammed the door on a virus, And flew a plane without taking lessons."
,Recommended,251850,11843918,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Bed,A head trip of a first person puzzler with great atmosphere that gets really damn scarey in parts  -  great fun.
,Not Recommended,251850,17004945,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kendall420,"Love the game concept.Had always been a fan of these kind of games but had to Downvote this is that i kept getting bugs and glitches all the time.For example, i would get stuck after walking a few miles and have to constantly mash every single key to move again etc.Not sure if i'm the only one that had this problem.Love this game but pls repair it"
,Recommended,251850,17060433,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jens,"Pros:- Graphics are great and minimalistic with great effects.- Controls are responsive and simple.- Very interesting milieu/theme.- Just overall brilliant level design.Cons:- Thatthingis horrifying. (A character(?) that seems to appear now and then in (at least) the early parts of the game)- Options menu could've been a bit more detailed, but this is minor.Very good, might try to get a little further in the game one day, when I've manned up."
76561198046010093,Not Recommended,251850,17288988,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,nynke,"It's kind of cool, but the story is not super memorably to me, so far. I quit because it has jump scares that come really, really unexpectedly.Man, ♥♥♥♥ jumpscares."
,Recommended,251850,16944074,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Lady of Mercy,"I've only just begun playing Master Reboot but so far it is amazing! I love how in some scenes, there is incredbile simplicity and in others, a lot of intricate detailing. It's a chilling game that keeps you on edge ( at least for me! ). The colors and different worlds / memories you visit are unique and both beautiful as well as terrifyinh ( on occasion )! Can't wait to play some more!"
,Recommended,251850,11816840,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,NoSkillWill,"First-person puzzle horror game on the Unreal engine.That should be all you need to hear in order to make your mind up about this game.If you liked Amnesia, you'll probably like this, although don't expect to be quite as frightened; most of the big moments were jumpscares."
76561198024935135,Recommended,251850,11010154,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,brantai,"This is a pretty entertaining ""story game"" until it inexplicably turns into an unnecessarily precise platformer in the library level."
,Recommended,251850,7517107,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Frozen,"Picked this up on a whim and I'm pretty impressed. It's really gorgeous and moody. While I""m not far in, I'm intrigued by the story and want to find out more. So far the only complaints I have are that the head bobbing of the camera gave me a bit of motion sickness after an hour of playing, and the puzzles don't seem incredibly difficult."
,Recommended,251850,11054755,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,☠Grim-Demise☠,"Good story, lots of feels broken, decent gameplay. I like it o.o/"
,Recommended,251850,11106933,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,I Can't Even,Short but oh so sweet. Get it on sale. Twisted little mystery horror that had me hooked beginning to end... Which is saying alot because I have ad---Hey look a penny!
,Recommended,251850,11782066,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,HGFenn85,"This is one of the first games I've played in a while, just what I needed to get back into playing games. Love how it just throws you in there and you have to figure out what to do, you have to work to get as much information as you can, and its pretty rewarding. A bit short, but it was a great experience."
,Recommended,251850,14062947,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,devour me,"I'm quite pleased at the recent boom of narrative focused, first person exploration games over the last year.  WhileMaster Rebootmay not be the best example of this style of game, it brings an interesting story with some simple puzzles that'll keep you entertained for an extended afternoon.I'm currently writing a more detailed critique and analysis ofMaster Rebootand will be posting a link once completed."
,Recommended,251850,13842249,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Winterstrome,"I freaking love this game, honestly."
76561198012628436,Recommended,251850,13854838,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sori,"Super Fun game, loving it! Completly worth the money spent."
,Not Recommended,251850,15139444,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SparkyBlaster,so i played though the first few stages and so far it doesnt look at all like the description. ill admit the traler is accuret though. when i mean accuret i mean you flick though stages just as randomly as the traler does.
,Recommended,251850,14334183,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,RocketRunner,"Master Reboot is an atmospheric game about the singularity-well, that, and one woman's quest to regain her memories and find out what's going on. You are a person who is part of the Soul Cloud, an initiative to preserve memories and souls, essentially, in a digital cloud. Things aren't all that well, though, because there is a mysterious digital girl who is trying to kill you.How does it play? It's a first-person exploration-type game, something I think a lot of people are familiar with by now. You wield ""weapons"" in a few instances, but most of the gameplay is exploring, solving puzzles, and doing the occasional other action like sneaking around or doing a QTE-and this is actually where my criticisms of the game begin.There's a few moments that can be frustrating for players: there's a few puzzles that are confusing as hell or require you to be really good at memorizing things. There was one QTE that took me like four tries because the controls weren't perfectly intuitive. Near the end, I found myself looking up a walkthrough.This does not make a strong case for the game, so what does it have going for it? Nice atmosphere, interesting level designs, a plot of at least decent quality (with some tear-jerker elements), nice 2D-animated cutscenes here and there, a slight horror element (very slight), and just a general air of creativity. For a game about the singularity, it's a good fit for the concept.I would recommend this game, but it's not something I'd play through twice. Still, if you find a hankering for digital-soul stuff, do check this out."
,Recommended,251850,14695971,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BlueAlopex,I thouroughly enjoyed it. I like that is is a very easy to pick up and put down type of game.
,Not Recommended,251850,15032784,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,kranky,"Kinda like Psychonauts, but without style, with awful models and textures and ugly Flash-like art. I adore retro-style games, but this one is just poorly made, very very low production value.Also does not support correct resolution of my monitor.2/10"
,Recommended,251850,14247096,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KayDeeGee,"Love it, simply love it.I find this game has some dept to it, if one is willing to think about thinks like ; can the human ""soul"" be digitaly copied and survive the demise to the physical host (the body).I found it quite interesting to chase after the memories in order to get to know the person better, aswell this game becomes somewhat more interesting if you as an engaging player have experienced the highs and lows in life. There are times I felt happy or sad in respose to the locations I was exploring.As a 3D puzzle platformer, it's not really hard but has some interesting puzzles in it.So, have at it!"
76561197972311359,Not Recommended,251850,14311443,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jay six-six,"Could have been an ok game, but killed it with zero-error platform jump section.Stone dead."
76561197968321754,Recommended,251850,14390853,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Speedkillsuk,"One of the more intriguing yet frustrating games I've played in quite some time. Yes, the visual design, level design, and gameplay mechanics lack polish, and the story can be difficult and deliberately confusing in places, but when it's good it's *really* good, and made me repeatedly come back for more. Whether you'll enjoy the game essentially boils down to how willing you are to forgive its negative aspects (and believe me, there are many). I personally found the world and overarching story fascinating, so I was more than willing to wade through some of the crapper puzzles and laughably bad animations just so I could delve further into the Soul Cloud and Astrid/Madison/David's story. If you have enough patience and can get the game for a bit cheaper than the full price, then I highly recommend playing this. A flawed gem."
,Recommended,251850,11760737,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Aequitarian,"A decent mix of puzzle and horror. The atmosphere and styling of the game are excellent, the story is well developed, and the game has a consistent and endearing tone.The puzzles are a bit easy and its a short game, although that helps it not overstay its welcome. Interacting/using some items feels clunky, but the core mechanics work."
,Recommended,251850,11824790,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,harvey lemmings,"Didn't know what to expect, but I thoroughly enjoyed myself. One puzzle near the end was pretty challenging (light board), but other than that I felt like I had a very solid experience with Master Reboot. Excited to see what these people do next."
,Not Recommended,251850,10872593,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tiamonster,A genius creates a cloud service that stores souls for visitation after death … and then doesn’t back up said cloud service. It’s a creative story told through questionable graphics and gameplay and interlaced with bad and unnecessary horror elements.
76561198073648775,Recommended,251850,10845891,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Suma,"My first impressions of Master Reboot…This is not really a review, just my first impressions of Master Reboot.  The game ran great in full screen resolution set to 1920x1080 for the first two memories, but after that, it ran terrible and started freezing and skipping frames.  Also the sound started popping in and out.  This game doesn't seem to be optimized for Mac's.  I even tried lowering the resolution but some parts of the game just are too convoluted and needs to be optimized better.  It really takes away from the whole immersive experience.  I ended up quitting because of this stupid platforming part in the game!  I was doing fine and all of a sudden, I had to do every thing all over again! It's weird too, because you don't really need to do much when platforming, but initiate the jumps.  It's fairly automatic.  I don't know how I ended up back on the bottom.  Anyway it was frustrating, so I quit playing.  Upon quitting the game, it crashed hard!  I had to force quit the game and force quit Steam to get completely out.Anyway, on a positive side, the game is pretty trippy and has some creepy effects and atmosphere.  It is unlike any other game I have ever played and sometimes has some very cool atmosphere.  It has a very retro and a sometimes Tron-ish/Matrix-ish (the movies) feel to it.  I only played the beginning and four memories.  I will continue to play, but some of the puzzles are really dumb and frustrating!  The gameplay can get stupid at times too, because lack of direction and dumb platforming sections.  At times, you will be shaking your head and rolling your eyes saying to yourself; ""what were the dev's thinking of?""Some people will absolutely love this game just for the atmosphere alone.  I have not gotten to the real scary parts yet and some of the memories really were a real pain to get through.  What is nice, if you don't want to finish a memory, you can leave and go back later.  The school memory is tough and sometimes a bit stupid!  I left and will go back later to finish it.  I do like the game enough so far to recommend it, but only on sale!I may update this later.  I really can't give a fair review based on the limited time I have spent.  Just know that this game is very different than most other games I have played and has a charm to it that may attract some gamers, but drive others away from the game.  The graphics are not all that great but fit the game well.  The sound is creepy and sets the mood for most of the memories just fine.My main complaint is that sometimes the game with start running terrible for no reason.  Some of the memory levels are tiny and should run much better than they do.  Even when the lighting is low and the levels are dark, it still can run terrible for no reason.  Just all of a sudden you go from 60 fps to 1 fps!  It's frustrating at the least!Here are my system specifications: iMac, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8."
76561198109640893,Not Recommended,251850,19140473,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MidknightUmbra,"As much as I'd like to recommend this game, there is so much that I take issue with that I cannot really suggest buying it. While the premise of the game is interesting, it lacks to polish, visual consistency, and precise controls to be entirely enjoyable. Environments and character models look very clunky and rough, and while some of this can be attributed to the visual stlye, some of it is simply a product of poor production. Furthermore, the illustrations in-game have little to do visually with the style of the game, and it's odd to see such convincing art on the store page while the art actually used in-game is just so generic.Though this game does well to build tension, deliver jumpscares, and create a sense of dread, performance issues and bugs, combined with clunky controls, really hinder this game's chance for success."
,Not Recommended,251850,19470805,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,unwaveringresolve,"I did not enjoy this game's story, puzzles, platforming, or any other aspect of it well enough to recommend it to others."
76561198098599211,Recommended,251850,19492900,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,JoStaDo,"This game has a fantastic sound designer that manages to create a wonderful eerieness that is everpresent wherever you go and the music when it comes is spot on. The art style is fun and intreguing and very trippy often favoring bright colors and black. The gameplay however often fails to tell you what to do so you will sometimes find yourself confused, but I always managed to figure out what to do with enough looking around."
76561198137556833,Recommended,251850,24128468,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PaintChipSundae,"When I first looked at Master Reboot, it seemed like an ordinary horror game about little girls with knives trying to kill you.  As I looked deeper into the game, the scifi aspect became more apparent and I started to see that this game is more indepth than it looks.  The puzzles make you think and the art direction was beautiful.  The idea of a ""Soul Cloud"" was one of the first things to catch my eye.I ended up playing this game in one day since the story line had me wraped around it's finger.  I loved picking up clues around each corner and seeing which scares would make me jump.  For a game of this nature, it honestly provided an eerie vibe at times.  This game had me feeling for the characters and really thiking about which ending to choose.Master Reboot is a fabulous game to play and I am excited to see that Soul Axiom has arrived on Steam.  This game pleased me so much, I am looking foward to purchasing Soul Axiom in hopes that the creators will do just as good a job as they did with Master Reboot."
,Recommended,251850,26844543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zuugh,"A really nice game with a lot of atmosphere. I do love the style and grafic of this game and the story is actually really catchy. Fast to play, but worth the money!"
76561198044218149,Recommended,251850,31427499,Posted: 28 April,all,MrSpanky,A trip on acid of inconsistent graphic and gameplay quality that despite all manages to keep you interested.Still haven't beaten the last boss. Not enough drugs in house for that...
,Not Recommended,251850,16514003,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Galaxy Eyes,"Could've been a good game, but sadly it didn't quite make it.The worst part of the game is the puzzles. They're all really illogical and don't serve much of a purpose. Why do I need to move around colored blocks just to get through the park memory? Why do I need to put the planets of the solar system in order and push some piano keys to get through the school memory? After a while, doing these random tasks gets really grating since it gets in the way of exploration. The puzzles are simplistic at best and nonsensical and frustrating at worst. It really feels like the puzzles were added just for the sake of having some puzzles, and they only manage to hinder progress rather than to make the player think.The gameplay is clunky thanks to poor controls and execution. For some reason, instead of clicking on objects to interact with them like the settings say I should, I have to interact with objects with the Enter key while navigating with WASD and using the mouse to control POV. This is a very awkward setup, especially for some chase sequences, and could easily be improved if the controls functioned the way the game says they should. I should also be able to play this game with a PS3 controller, but the game either A) crashes the moment I plug in the controller or B) stops acknowledging the controller's input after I move past the menu screen. But even if you get past all that, there's still not much gameplay besides walking and interacting with objects. The street memory is particularly bad since all you do is drive around cars, and that's it. It gets extremely boring extremely fast, especially when the gameplay in that level only consists of pressing ""A"" and ""D"" and the only story you get in that level is presented by a radio broadcast by a garbled voice with no subtitles.There are some horror elements, but most of the time they fall flat. I honestly found this game more relaxing than scary most of the time, so scarier moments kept feeling out of place. There are some jumpscares (which I already find a cheap source of horror), but they don't damage the player in any way. The rest of the ""horror"" is pretty much just dark rooms and creepy laughter in the distance, which I honestly didn't find very compelling. There are some pink circle-things scattered around that showed some pretty interesting/potentially terrifying things about gods of creation and destruction when you interacted with them, but they were very few and far between and are pretty much overshadowed by the other aspects of the game.The story actually had a good setup and sounded pretty interesting at first and is what drew me into this game. Unfortunately, it's all told through bits and pieces of memories of disjointed events from random characters. I wouldn't mind this since I actually really like stories that you discover and put together yourself. As much as I didn't like the game ""Gone Home,"" it was actually really good at doing this with it's story and characters, which managed to keep the game interesting despite it's weak gameplay and frustrating story elements. Master Reboot tries a similar thing with its story and falls flat. There's no really good way of keeping track of all the random stuff you get and how it's all connected, unless you want to walk around the hub all the time and scroll through each item, and there's no real reason why I should care about any of these people and their lives. From what I've played, they all just seemed to have really bland lives, and after the poor puzzles and gameplay, I'm really not interested in the story anymore. I'd rather just go play a different game.The graphics are very stylized, bright, and nicely done, creating a wonderful look and atmosphere to this game, only to be clashed horribly with the washed out colors and mediocre art in the flash-animation memory cutscenes.I'd have to agree with the other reviewers that have stated that Master Reboot tried to be too many things at once and ended up being only marginal at all of them. The exploration is weak, the horror is weak, the story is poorly told, and the puzzles are terrible. I really wanted to like this game. It had a great atmosphere, it was great to look at, and it had the potential for an interesting story with some philosophical understones. Unfortunately, in the end Master Reboot is just too flawed for me to fully enjoy or recommend. If you're really interested in finding out what this game's like, you're probably better off just watching a LetsPlay."
