user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,251810,14128228,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,M-109,"My short time with Leadwerks and its Sockpuppets here on Steam.At first it looked promising to get a true alternative to Unity ""on the cheap"", in regards as annual subscription comparison to other engines vs up front fees. The reason for that is, indie developers are on extreme low to no budgets and calculate different than studios taking small risks, only, and are prepared to cut deals on a royalty basis when a game hits the shelves. Or one could spend little to no money for other engines (see below).The good:With under 100 quid, Leadwerks is in the indie pricelist acceptable with no royalties to pay. The Engine has a clean user interface and eveerything for most parts makes sense how to do things. Every newbie will manage to get around quickly how to use the controls in Leadwerks.The bad:Leadwerks' asset pipeline can be quirky when importing static or animated meshes via FBX (a caution to LightWave users). The asset creation tool should be at least Autodesk FBX convertion tool which is free of charge, before importing anything into Leadwerks. Another topic to address is textures with alpha - Leadwerks will not automate anything for you at this point, instead you have to fix everything yourself and depending on complexity, you can spend hours to get a tree look right.The ugly:Leadwerks comes in two flavours; Indie Edition (Lua Scripting language) and Standard Edition (Lua and C++). As such, this is where the Game Engine won't crack the shell to be one tool to rule them all. At least not with the API Documentation efforts been made so far. In fact, it's a disaster to read the API Documentation. Not in everyone's favor to get a skinny bone to chew on. Last but not least, Leadwerks Documentation includes old stuff, depricated or missing non-consistent with the current 3.3 version (including but not limited to like, there is no vegetation painter as opposed to a previous version, no screenspace ambient occlusion, no sample content for the special effects and shaders, glass refraction, not enough from this and not enough from that and overall nothing to offer but ""learn Lua"").The bottom line:Leadwerks is not a game engine, but offers the potential to be one in the future (only time will tell).Suggestions to free royalty-free alternatives:- S2 Game Engine - free version for commercial use without royalties (AAA Graphics Engine)- NeoAxis Game Engine - free without limitations but no full source code access- Torque 3D Game Engine - MIT License with full source codeUPDATE:The ""Developer"" of Leadwerks gave me a permanent ban, because I told the truth that Leadwerks is a rip-off. The graphics software doesn't offer a game engine you get.1. Shaders: no, you can't write a GLSL, instead you have to port it over to Leadwerks to actually work.2. Asset pipeline - if there is any, instead your FBX files get screwed up and you run into a loop3. DOCUMENTATION !!! what a JOKE4. and I could write volumes what a great mess Leadwerks is.5. don't spend your money on it, get Unity 3D, Neoaxis, Torque, S2 Engine or the 20 quid deal with Epic Games UE4"
,Recommended,251810,12012312,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Haydenmango,"So after using the engine for some time now I decided to write a review.  Having no prior experience in coding (Lua) I was able to learn by using the tutorial maps provided with the engine, as well as helpful tutorials created by other users of the engine(leadwerks.com/werkspace).Now after creating a basic game and publishing it on the community workshop I have moved on to creating a rather big game.  Keep in mind I have only been coding and using this program for about 6 months.  My game is called the Hunt for Food.  Check out the videos on my steam profile if you want to see what you can do with this engine in its current state (with little experience). My most recent update on youtube. -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Voq5c3abIUOk now onto the engine itself.Pros-Engine Developer-  This engine is being built by one person (for the most part as far as I know) which is great because he is really good at communicating (he responds to forum posts everyday and will even talk to you personally if you have issues).  You might think that means there are slow updates?  Well that isn't true if you opt into the beta.  You will get multiple updates every month if you are in beta.Coding-The script functions are easy to learn and you will be able to code your own game after spending some time on tutorials.  Lua is addicting to me now, when I start on making a script I can't stop until I am done.Graphics- It really looks great.  It's easy to make a really good looking scene and even add post-effects to it.  Even with everything on low quality it looks good.Community-The leadwerks community has been extremely helpful and a lot of people will help you out.  Many useful tutorials have been made by community members.Art Workflow-It is very easy to import textures and models straight into your game.  Just drag and drop the file into your folder and the editor imports it for you.  Setting up animations is quite simple now that an animation viewport has been added so that you can watch your animations play before you seperate them into sequences.Price-At first I thought this was going to be a rather low end piece of software due to the price comparison between it and unity.  I was pleasantly surprised when I found this engine to be very useful and of high quality for the low price of 100$.License-You don't need to show a splash screen or pay any royalties and that is awesome.  There is no need to worry about publishing your game if anything the engine developer will help you out.Workshop-The workshop is full of useful assets create by the community that are free to use.Cons-Scene Organization- Right now the scene is organized in one list starting from the first entity you added to the last entity you added to the scene.  This creates problems and makes you spend a lot of time scrolling up and down a long scene list looking for a tree you placed a long time ago.Missing Features/Improvements-The engine isn't 'done' yet.  While it is usable and the things it can currently do are very impressive it still feels a bit young sometimes with features like water and vegetation painting missing.  There could also be other improvements implemented to things like physics and lighting.  On the other hand this leaves lots of room for the engine to grow since it isn't locked down yet in terms of development.Overall-This engine is very fun and easy to use. The engine developer is awesome, the engine is great, and the community is friendly. You can make a game in a day with this engine if you put your mind to it and then you can put it on the workshop and have everyone in the community check it out!"
76561198043525497,Recommended,251810,11059632,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,nick.ace,"(Edited 2/21/2016, updated to reflect 4.0)Aside from the fantastic graphics capabilities, this is a very good engine for the price! It provides a lot of freedom and the workshop is a great feature that should be integrated into other engines the way it is in this engine. Haha, this might be a bit long but here are my pros and cons:Pros:-Graphics: this is likely something that will improve much more in the future, but what's already in the engine is great to be honest, especially since you can achieve a lot of performance with the deferred renderer since it lessens the performance hit of geometry and lights-Support: the engine is mainly a one man show, but the support from the development team and their (his) strong presence in the community is great-Shader Editing: it's very easy to edit shaders and the post-processing stack is very simple but effective-Price: I know $100 may seem like a lot, but with what you get out of this engine, it's well worth it-Polish: this engine is very easy and intuitive to work with (especially the drag-and-drop options) and CSG editing, which are the best CSG tools of any game engine I've used-Workshop: This actually sort of sets this engine apart from the rest since so many quality assets are in the workshop with a great and helpful community-License: The license is great for both the Workshop and the engine itself-Coding: I was hesitant about using Lua, but for me it's a great language for this type of engine, and it's pretty easy to put objects with Lua scripts into a scene without breaking other code. Also, it's super fast to test because it doesn't need to be recompiled.-Vehicles: This used to be a missing feature, but it now has been put into the engine, and the physics are very stable and realistic-Exporting games: This has been changed a lot since the first release. You can now publish files with encrypted folders to help protect assets and code.-Animation: This has also been changed a bit. Models imported can have additional animations imported from models with similar bone structures, which helps to reduce redundancies with animating. Also, there is a panel that allows for working with animations (such as extracting animations from other animations-this makes more sense once you start working with it).-Character controller: I forgot to talk about this, but it's become one of the most polished and powerful features of the program. This is a custom-made physics component for characters in the game and allows for pathfinding, realistic movement, and controlled physics. In short, while it isn't too flexible, it provides a great physics base for characters and the player.-Vegetation: the vegetation system is great, and in some ways it's innovative in it's implementation which means better performanceNeutral:-OpenGL: most games today use DirectX, and that's fine but they are limited to Windows. OpenGL is roughly as powerful as DirectX from a graphics point of view. OpenGL can be used by Linux games, which is nice. Unfortunately, OpenGL for computers (non-mobile) are often overlooked by driver developers (notoriously AMD), and AMD often has bugs related to this. Usually they are sorted out, but this can be frustrating from a developer point of viewCons:-Hardware: this engine requires a lot in terms of hardware to create useful projects (of course this is a downside of a deferred renderer in general), but with that comes with great graphical potential-Water: the water in this engine is average in quality-No streaming: this is a big one if you want to do open-world games because you'd run out of VRAMOverall, I would definitely recommend this engine, especially since the development team behind it is very helpful and supportive of the community.IMPORTANT NOTES (read carefully):Some people may be confused by past documentation and think that this program can export Android and iOS. This is NOT true. These platforms were only in the early versions of LE 3, and they have since been completely dropped in favor of PC gaming. DO NOT buy this software if you plan to make mobile apps with it because you won't have the ability to do so.Also, download the demo BEFORE purchasing. If you have trouble running it, there is plenty of support in terms of links to various drivers, particularly for ATI and Intel cards (NVidia cards tend to work the best with Leadwerks). Both ATI and Intel cards tend to have drivers bugs often for Leadwerks. That being said, the developer does a good job at contacting ATI and Intel to get these bugs fixed and has provided links to earlier drivers that work well."
76561197996289261,Not Recommended,251810,8841229,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,lildragn,"Leadwerks advertising caught me at the right time, I was seeking an alternative to Unity that included features that shouldn't be excluded in this day and age, and I wasn't about to pay $1500 for the them.As an individual hobbyist, the price was right, the advert promised to turn players into to gamers! And I have absolutely no doubt it could... that is if you've created games in LUA before. This is definitely not an engine for beginners, it's an advanced engine for individuals who are well versed in LUA game development.The severe lack of progressive tutorials for new users is unacceptable and even though the community maybe helpful most times, they expect you as a newcomer to know exactly what they're speaking of... And even though most are right when they state you should learn LUA, the implementation of the language isn't 1:1 with Leadwerks, which led me to frustration and confusion. As an artist first, the lack of LUA/Leadwerks tutorials working together becomes very very demotivating to someone such as  myself.Aside from that, the features aren't there yet (for example an integrated HUD creator) and if you're not making another FPS then you may become quickly frustrated as I have.At this point, I don't have buyers remorse, but I am really upset at myself because I was unfortunately swept away by the advertising which led me to not doing full due diligence as I usually do on any product I buy.I will hold onto the engine as I really have hopes for it maturing, but at this point it's off my list until the next update and some time has passed to allow for documentation to be created."
76561197966562725,Not Recommended,251810,14601445,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,flyinghitcher,"I'm very disappointed with this software. It's incredibly basic, with simple add ons which IMO should come with the software, costing ridiculous amounts.The work people have done with previous versions has been practical thrown out, as it's changed so much with no backwards compatibility. So it seems little consideration is given to people trying to make things with this software.The only great things this has going for it is the royalty-free part. It is fairly easy to use too.I'm pleased I at least waited for the sale discount and opted to only get the lui version.You will also need the beta drivers to run this software if you have a ATI GPU. link Kindly put there in the developers responce."
,Recommended,251810,19312011,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DarthLukan,"I spent a good while (12+ months) reading up on Leadwerks and other game engines before I finally made my purchase. The deciding factors were native Linux support and royalty free licensing without an astronomical price tag. Other engines will deploy a game on platforms other than Windows, but may not actually be usable without installing the engine itself in Windows and that was a ""no-go"" for me.The UI is simple. You're not inundated with tons of tools resulting in hours upon hours of reading through documentation before you can create a particle emitter. In fact, the UI is so simple, I was able to create a basic obstacle course before I even bothered looking at the tutorials.Speaking of tutorials, while they are short, they explain what they set out to explain, how to do the thing in their title. I was also really impressed with the fact that, as simplistic as the scripting tutorials were, they can take someone with zero (LUA) scripting skills and get them to at least the point of usefulness (assuming they are using Leadwerks' API).  In fact, part of the tutorials is that at the end, you have a working game. So essentially, you go from ""zero"" to semi-confident in as long as it takes you to read and follow along. That's not bad.Will I end up making a masterpiece game after only two weeks of use? Nope, even as an experienced polyglot software developer I still have plenty to learn. But, it's doesn't seem so unattainable of a goal to be able to put together some basic games, whether or not they are worth selling is a whole other ballgame.If you've always wanted to learn about game development but were put off by costs or complicated tools, then Leadwerks Game Engine is a good way to get started."
,Not Recommended,251810,13859481,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TattieB0Jangle,"Ok so after taking a break for leadwerks i decided to go back and give it another go, I wish i never the comunity is so hostile dont get me wrong there are a few good people there but that is by far outweighed by the bad. If you dont know all there is to know forget it they make you feel small and offer no real help. The softwere its self is great but missing a good few key fetures and there is alot of coding to do so its not as easy as it says.If it were to get a better forum with some good mods ect, it really needs a better structure there is no easy way to find things not alot of example stuff like scripts and if you ask for one or help with anything boy do you know about it."
76561197997618286,Recommended,251810,13100790,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gonan,"If you read this before the end of the 2nd December 2014, and you are wanting to be be able to write a 3D game, get this now. Its incredible value at 50% off. If you have and use visual studio and write code in C++, and want to use it to write a game, splash out and get the Standard version too. I bought mine in a previous sale, with -25% off, and have invested many hours in using this latest version during the beta testing of 3.3.There are lots of video tutorials on you-tube, which are really useful for a beginner to understand how to start to use Leadwerks.   The Forumhttp://www.leadwerks.com/werkspace/is a great community resource, which is always worth a visit when your stuck, answers to many of your questions can be found by searching in here. If its not already answered you can ask the community, and there are some really great people who have been using Leadwerks for years, including Josh (Leadwerks CEO) who respond with knowlegeable answers.The steam workshop is really improved in version 3.3 and the community provide free resources for you to use in your programs. For the indie edition you can even publish your completed game, or prototype onto the workshop for other Leadwerks users to try and comment on, this also gives you a count of the number of subscribers. In addition the latest feature of publishing games also gets you a web page for you to customise, and can create links to standalone zips of your completed game for non leadwerks users to try, though I haven't actually got to this stage yet.For those who want to create their own models, you can update Blender, with an export utility thats provided, and then make models and import them into Leadwerks. Other vendors such a WorldCreator can also be used to create landscapes and these can be imported using the RAW files, which you can then paint and alter in Leadwerks, or you can just create landscapes directly in Leadwerks.  Many other proprietry programs can also be used to create models and can be imported into Leadwerks.Water effects can be found in the forums, I have recently been adding this to my Work in Progress. You can create your own textures, from photos, crop them to squares in GIMP 2.8, other photo editors also work, and either reflect them horizontally and veritcally to form a new tile, or for images like grass or mud simply use the Filters > Map > Make Seamless to get a tile that you can port straight back into Leadwerks. Then you can use Leadwerks to make a normal tile, that will give your tile 3D surface effect. There are hundreds of textures already availabe on the Workshop, provided by the community, in addition to the starter set you get with Leadwerks installation, so don't worry even if you don't yet have the artistic skills.You can paint your map with the workshop and built in textures to start with then simply replace the textures with your own as you make them, and you dont have to repaint the map to do so, as the painting is done by layering the textures. Simply replace one of the 16 textures in the terrain tool, with your own.If your not into landscapes you can use CSG brushes, ie basic geometry for builing your map, boxes, cones, wedge, cylinder and sphere, and compound geometry Arch, torus and tube. Or combine both methods.With Leadwerks you get an animated model, called a Crawler, which you can easily colour and size to your requirements. It comes with a script which can control its behaviour to some extent, and you can adapt the script to make them respond in slightly different ways.Once you are near to finalising your map, you can run a Build Navmesh tool, which will scan your map and mark out all the places that are navigable by the Crawlers. This can be viewed in the editor to see the pathways between places on your map. The Leadwerks engine automatically uses this Navmesh to control pathfinding for the Crawlers without having to code anything yourself. The Navmesh does take a few minutes to complete, on slower pcs, time to put the kettle on.You get 1 pistol as a starter weapon, other weapons are available in the optional (pay extra for) FPS weapon download, and there are some more free ones on the workshop provided by the community.You also have ambient lighing and detailed lighting to add to your scene, these can be incorporated inside models, like car headlights for instance, use spot lights inside the model, to shine out and use a point light outside the model to show the headlight shining.You can also add particle effects, called emitters, to your map and by tweaking the colours, make steam, or smoke, or lava blobs.Overall its a fantastic tool, and its has a royalty free commercial license builtin to it, so no more royalty payments need to be made to leadwerks, even if you go on to sell the game you make commercially.There are always things that can be improved, and Josh does a great job of taking Leadwerks forward adding features to the beta release, the latest version 3.3 has just gone live, I guess about 6 months between releases.This product does need some coding skills to get the most out of it, but if you don't code, you can still do many things like creating landscapes adding crawlers and still have a lot of fun. The FPS weapon pack is already to use and requres no coding skills to use it.  The scrips that make the gameplay are available to look at and amend, so once you understand how things interact, you can start by changing some of the scripts values, such as walking speed, and see how the gameplay changes, many of these values can be made to appear on the scenes list of items, as each entry can have its own script tab and you can show the values being used and change them.I would reccomend having a decent PC, with a SSD drive, as this will save you a lot of loading time. I have an NVIDIA GTX 750 Ti graphics card and quite often get 60fps wondering around my levels. In ceartain areas though, through bad coding or design of a level can cause this to drop to 5 fps, but with a bit of tuning these bad areas can be brought back up to 15fps, without too much hassle, like for instance turning off shadows on the Crawlers, or reducing the number of particles used in an emitter from 9000 to 300, but making them much bigger.The workshop could do with some more animated models, with some nice movements, jumping, stagering, lunging, rolling etc. So if your an animater, your work would be a most welcome addition to the community workshop.Hope you enjoy your Leadwerks experience, I know I have."
,Not Recommended,251810,14614722,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,mofselvi,"I've spent about 2 months (mostly offline) working on and trying to figure out Leadwerks Engine. Now I decided to make a review.If you'd like to develop games on Linux, LE should be a good choice. Otherwise, it is ridiculous to use this engine.Graphics are not very good. Games made with LE look ""old-gen"".Scripting (Lua) is not as easy as they say.If you create a ""game prefab"" and then change value of a variable of its script in inspector, you have to create a new prefab with it to use it in a game map. That's insane.Writing your own shader scripts is really hard. I couldn't get how to code shaders in LE (with glsl) eventhough I create my own shaders in Unity (cg shaders). There are a few simple shaders and some special shader examples around but it is hard to create ""your own style"".It is easy to understand the logic behind usage of this engine but it is so difficult to create ""something good""/""something unique"".You can use post-screen effects easily but can't manage them in detail (unless you create your own ones).Occlusion culling is supported. This is only feature that I really like.I don't regret the money I spent for LE. I regret the time I spent on LE. Unity Free is much more better than LE eventhough the free version doesn't support some features like dynamic soft shadows, occlusion culling etc."
76561197974638638,Recommended,251810,8614889,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,sjc2112,"Should have done my due diligence, expected there would at least be a simple water function. There is not, among other things but that's one of the biggies. As the indie edition currently stands, you're not going to be making much of a game that you couldn't make with Unity's free version. Perhaps it's something that's coming, but all the documentation I see says additional features will be charged for. I hope I'm just misunderstanding and impatient.Edit*      Having spoken with Josh, the current release was brought out in time to meet deadline, minus the mentioned items. However they are being worked on to be updated. I've liked everything else about the engine, so I'll wait for the update top see what else I can get into. Until said update, I will be changing my recommend to a yes pending further review. And my thanks to Josh for a quick reply to my concerns (that gets an ""A"")"
,Not Recommended,251810,8768461,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Dude Awesome,"LE 3.1 is a nice tool and have a lot of potential but there are so many annoying bugs at this point and so many unfinished features that it is a little bit overpriced. 199$ is too much for standard.I bought the IndieVersion (LUA only) and thats the reasons why I dont buy the standard version and hate myself because I bought this software:first, the software should be labeled as ""Early Access"" that customers know its some Kind of Beta. Leadwerks is not finished and you are annoying and impolite if you ask WHEN IS THAT FEATURE COMING THAT I PAYED FOR 6 MONTH AGO?Yes, you can create a small prototype of a game but it will never be more than a prototype because leadwerks is not powerfull enough. You can do the same stuff in 10% of the time in other game engines with better performance results and without getting sick because of the ugly GUI.The GUI is superlast century. Usabillity is extrem crappy. I mean, the engine sells with the words: ""We make Gamers into Programmers"". I exspect a supersweet easy to understand goodlooking GUI for noobs. And what you get here is a GUI that looks like windows95 default theme.It crash sometimes and gives you the random access violation error. this is superannoying when your work is lost.Buggy Character controller, not easy to customize.No Decal supportugly animation/materials/texture/shader management.The MainDev invest to much time in useless/unimportant parts like the workshop. With the workshop you can share assets with other people. I bought this Software when it was released here (January 6th) and there is still no osx support. ouya/mobile support was wiped away!very, very, very slow update cyclus.if you give some critic your comments in the forum will be deleted or your account gets banned.at least there are some good points:there is a demo now, so you can test leadwerks now. it will be a gift for you. the demo was not available when I bought it. my failure.sorry leadwerks, sorry josh. I was very active on the forum (when I look at the postcounter/registered date ratio I was the most active member this year) I was giving you time to fix your stuff and was not touching leadwerks for ~2 months. nothing really changed.I dont expect many GOOD games that will become public on steam from leadwerks engine. (if they every see daylight some day)"
,Recommended,251810,15424043,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Reverend,"This is a pretty good package overall, but I'm going to say it's not for everyone.  I'm a professional programmer with 20+ years, about 4 in the games industry.  This is from a single programmer's perspective.Pros:* Streamlined.  For a programmer who wants to work on gameplay design and development, most of the nitty gritty boring stuff is handled.  Map format (level editor), resource loading/handling, 3d animation, robust OpenGL renderer, sound, integrated scripting are all here.  You can really just focus on your designs.  These boring, but core, features probably murder most upstarts.* Not a game maker.  This isn't generic, confining, game maker software forcing you to work within the boundaries it provides.  It's literally a toolbox/API full of the basic necessities you'll need to upstart a game project.* C++ add-on (Standard Edition DLC).  Having this allows you to integrate anything into your project.  It's mandatory in my opinion, but even so, it's a bargain at $99 (Indie Edition)+$99 (Standard DLC).  I got both my packages on sale I think, so I basically paid $100 for the whole engine, which is asinine for the time it saves me for projects.* Solid Level Editor.  Remember, this is not game making software.  The editor works more like a level-editor for popular game engines, and it's pretty sleek.  There's a few quirks with it, but it's production quality overall.Meh (not a pro, not a con):* Small Developer.  This is a mixed bag.  On one hand, the guy is pretty active and pretty responsive, and quite professional (in my experience).  However, for features and bugs, it can take a while for things to get addressed.  The software is pretty solid overall, but there's a few issues that have hung around without fixing yet and are kind of annoying.* Documentation.  This could be better, but it works.  I've found a few instances where somethings are missing/not explained, but overall, it's not too bad.  The API docs are actually really good, I think.  Examples are sparse, though, which is why I bring it up, and why I put it here.  Can say pro just because of the API docs, can't say con just because examples are not very present.  Which brings me to...* Community.  Again, mixed feelings here.  I love there's lots of writeups and youtube videos showing examples (that aren't present in the official docs).  So it's kind of a community-based learning scenario.  There's some really cool regulars that are very knowledgable and helpful.  On the other hand, there's a handful of dimwits on the boards that seem to just troll/bash.  I don't know if the developer just has enemies but there oft times seems to be a lynch squad out to prove how bad the engine is, and they want you to know it.  It's distracting, and shouldn't be tolerated, yet in the limited time I've spent interacting on the boards, it's fairly persistant.  Community would be a pro if there was a more established administration of the official boards.  Otherwise, the community is just quite small and getting answers to questions can be very hit or miss (where the aforementioned docs are lacking).Cons:* Bugs and/or the ""LE"" way.  This is not glitchy software by any means.  My main gripes presently are the physics act weird out of the box (can be replaced with C++ edition or tweaking).  Also, the model importer for complex texturing and animation key framing is rather particular.  You will need to fuss with things outside the editor and implement a lot of 3rd party utilities, like FBX exporter, add-ons for blender, etc.  Not very many ""free"" or testing models you download online will simply work, you'll have to tinker.  There's kind of an ""LE"" way of doing modelling (to a minor degree).  Once you learn this stuff it's not a big deal, but it sure can lead to hair pulling sessions.* Features.  Some basic features that should be present aren't yet (decals, for example).  These are on the horizon, but sometimes I fear version 4 (more $$$) will come before we see things like decals, which honestly, should have existed at release.Bottomline: If you or someone on your team is experienced in programming, this is a really good deal for a startup project.  Most everything you need is here, and anything else you can add-on with a little bit of work.  It's not a game maker, so if you are not a programmer (in any fashion), do not expect to drag and drop your way to a feature title.  That's just not what this product is.  It's more like an advanced programmer's toolbox.  It is what I'd say ""frontier"" software, meaning, not everything is obvious and you will need to think on your feet for some things.For some reviewers who say the engine doesn't ""look"" good, please keep in mind, it only looks as good as your art.  It's otherwise a really solid rendering/toolbox/API that takes out gritty, boring details game projects require, allowing you to focus on content creation.  You will need to adapt to some of it's quirks, but so far, those only seem to be with a few subsystems.  Once learned though, most of that is an afterthought.8/10."
,Recommended,251810,18881408,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Elk Cloner,"I considered purchasing Leadwerks for a long time before I bought it. Now I wish I had bought it sooner. It's an excellent tool with a very friendly community. Constant updates from Josh (dev) make me feel secure that Leadwerks will continue to be developed far into the future.The Indie edition supports lua script, which I am finding to be a great language to start out in, and the standard edition supports C++. I love the fact that your creations can easily be uploaded to Steam for others to play (which even the devs will try out and feedback on!)."
,Recommended,251810,23459700,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[BE]MalachiAD,"This review is posted for both the indie and professional version 4.0 of Leadwerks.Before I go into this, just for internetz credibility reasons because that's a thing I guess, I'm going to note that I'm a model & texture designer first and a programmer like fourth or something. I have extensive knowledge of a lot of free, professional and indie-level game development engines and suites, I've worked on a lot of projects for a lot of people -- Now I'm not saying I'm completely fluent with some of these editors I'll be comparing, because there's definitely room to always learn -but- I have researched quite a bit and dumped lots of hours into many of them, including the Unreal Engine, Gamemaker Studio and Unity. I do have a somewhat decent grasp on a variety of languages (LUA, C++, HTML5, Java, Uscript and so on.) So with that all being said, some points of this review will touch base on comparison of other editors against Leadwerks 4.0I'll be listing my perspective on both the indie and pro versions of the editor, and on the two different rigs (by relevant specs) I used them on (one strong, one weak).PCs Used Leadwerks on:AMD Athlon 64 x2 5000+ 2.6ghz | 4gb RAM DDR2 (1066) | nVidia Geforce 980 (2gb) & nVidia Geforce 550 TIIntel i7-4790K 4.0ghz | 16bb DDR3 RAM (2133) | nVidia Geforce 980 (2gb) | OCZ Vertex 4 SSDPROS:Frequently goes on sale and can be used as an alternative to buying a Unity license. Both have a somewhat similar setup: People familiar with Unity will recognize and understand how the hierarchy and asset settings function.Very easy-to-use editor allows you to create brushes on the fly with little to no effort.LUA scripting allows you to do some complex actions and keep the load light. (C++ available in Pro version.)The engine itself has a fairly decent lighting engine.Friendly interface and a simple asset hierarchy similar to the older Unity3D versions.Surprising amount of overall engine flexibility for the price.API reference site exists and is maintained with every update.Very nice Steam Workshop integration, it's easy to publish and get user workshop content, shaders, placeholders and everything else for entry level stuff and testing reasons.Fully functional terrain editor with multi-layered texturing, which you can have set by elevation and however you carve it. you can also paint it fairly easily with a texture of your choice and blend them together.CONS:Skybox creation is limited strictly to cubemaps. As far as I know, after a lot of researching and toying around, there isn't a way to do projection or spheremaps for a skybox. While you can still make some amazing looking skyboxes this way, it hurts in the category of trying to make outdoor environments visually immersive when you can't have free flowing clouds, ships in the atmosphere, large buildings off in the distance and things of that nature.It falls behind compared to other cheaper alternatives. The amount of time learning the API and getting oriented with it could be better spent on another engine (Unity, Unreal Engine, and so on.) - For simple projects, Leadwerks is amazing, but for a more mechanically defined experience, there's better readily available.I'm a visual designer more than I am a programmer: Importing your own models can sometimes be annoying. Just remember, if you export from Blender to Leadwerks (.fbx) to change the scale in Blender. A small model in blender can appear MASSIVE and take up the entire scene if it is free-exported. You also have to calculate normals with every new import, regardless of Blender's export. To be fair on this one; I don't know enough about what FBX entails, but I do know that no other engine I've used has this problem. Also, mesh above 10k tris don't handle well during imports.Bugs, lots of bugs. Luckily, the community is aware of most of them and they seem to be fixed with every update.Ghost assets. Sometimes upon removing an asset from the scene the asset's 'ghost' gets left behind. In test-play, you'll notice the collision will still be there for the object after you've already deleted it, causing you to have to save and restart Leadwerks before it goes away and things get back to normal. This also happens in the hierarchy, where you'll delete an asset but it stays in the scene (even as an instanced prefab). So rather than deleting your asset in the hierarchy and it being done with the deleted asset, you have to actually navigate to the folder your asset is in, and physically delete it from your hard drive to get rid of it from the editor.Terrain editor, while very nice, is a memory hog. Sometimes when you lie down a new terrain of 1024x1024, it can cause Leadwerks to crash. This happened more frequently on my AMD machine than it does on my Intel one, mostly because of the 4gb VS 16gb gap - And yes, it still can use the full 16gb when it first lies the terrain out for editing, it's ridiculous.One of the greatest bugs Leadwerks has is that if you have an asset, say a character or projectile that moves too fast, collisions get ignored (regardless of physics properties or collision restraints) and pass through objects, terrain, brushes and a variety of other things. It seems to be based on a combination of the speed and size of the object also -- Smaller objects at the same movement speed tend to collide properly most of the time. I played with it for a bit and showed it to one of the gurus in community, and he noted it also.GREY AREAS:The API Reference site, while maintained pretty frequently, has a few areas where explanation is light. Certain things that require more explanation have very little, and things that require very little have tons.The Leadwerks community, both on Steam and the official forum is extremely helpful and very knowledgable. They've become adept at fixing a wide variety of problems. However, the community is extremely small and some of the weirder issues I ran into (again, turned out to be bugs) are harder to fix if one of their guru users aren't being active that day. The size of the community could be partially blamed on the ""price vs. buyer"" skepticism - People won't always want to drop $99 on things they can't readily find a ton of info about. I know I didn't, even after reading the forums, digging around Reddit, Steam groups and elsewhere. I waited until I could get the Indie version for $20 on the first sale, then waited again a few months later until the Pro update showed up for $20.While they market it as easy to use without scripting, I attempted to try to make something without messing at all with the scripting editor and could see how a new user would have some issues creating a functioning project without using only the default Leadwerks assets. They have this in-editor node system similar to the one Blender and Unreal Engine use for their shaders. It allows you to plug logic from existing scene-based assets into other assets also in the scene. While this seems great, it sort of still requires you to script your own assets, because you still have to create the functions for the node to plug into on each asset. Meaning that the only ""scriptless"" part of this would be the mapping portion of the editor and the ability to import assets (this doesn't always mean scriptless either).TL;DR:Leadwerks is great for simple projects and it gets better every update, but right now it leaves a lot to be desired for more complex stuff. User friendly, but not game-mechanically friendly, and somewhat buggy."
,Recommended,251810,30929227,Posted: 3 April,all,Jakob,"Leadwerks Game EngineLeadwerks is the easiest way to build 3D gamesWell no.Screw it, who wants easy engines! Return to Scratch2D for a simple engine.It's newRelatively - but at least Leadwerks isn't finished yet. There'reconstantly updates- adding vitally important features. That means there aren't already all features but it seems like it's all coming piece by piece.It's easyThat's not true. It's programmable with Lua, an minimalistic-python-like language, for pros there even is a version with C++. Compared to Unity,scripting is relatively easy. There also is a ""flowgraph""-editor but I don't use it at all.It's Source engine - in freeYes, Leadwerks looks like a Source Engine Copy-Cat. It really isn't, it just looks like. But the big advantage of using Leadwerks is:your games are your games. Leadwerks is royalty free and doesn't use third-party which need any licenses.It looks goodHm, that's up to you.ConclusionNot really finished, Leadwerks is a fresh, royalty free engine with different difficulties of programming. Worth 90€ as a professional game developer. If you're an pour indie game maker or teenager, wait for 75-85% sale.8.5 / 10"
76561198088403824,Not Recommended,251810,14044765,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Drake_the_king,"I was very unset by what for me was the most important part of this whole program, the tutorials. For whatever reason when I would open Leadwerks and it would show the window asking if I would like to see tutorials, I would click the link and nothing would happen, after that not working I would search for tutorials they would all be in text. This made it hard for me to know if what I was doing was correct or not. I was hoping that the program would have built in tutorials that I could use to learn from, but these things where not there for me to learn from and that maps did nothing but add more questions to my endless list of ""How do I do that?""s. If anything I was hoping that It could teach how to make other objects move and react but It does nothing for me. Untill something has changed and I can learn how to make a slightly complex game with help from the program itself, I will regret spending my money and unless you have experiance with programs like these I would suggest not spending your money."
76561198067210263,Recommended,251810,21113452,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sargent House,"For quite sometime I have wanted to show my game ideas, for a very long time I have been switching between Leadwerks, Unity, and unreal engine, For me leadwerks has won me,Being new the game building world, having no experiance, learning is hard and takes alot of time, but you do get there,Unity does my head in, the scrips, the non compiling, WHAT did i do that stoping this running, hard work, for new builders.Unreal Engine, It is good,  let me say if again, really good, but, BUT, it is a raw platform, easy to play around with, very hard to make a working game, you cannot be new to programing, It requires knowlegde, knowlegde I hope to gain but dont have yet, and the assets while great also, are costly,   NOT an engine for first time builders, admire those that can.Now down to Leadwerks, map building easy to follow, assets, you  can get alot from all over the net, might take some time playing around but really workable, the ASSET Store, getting bigger as I type, so many great items ready to just drop in yor scene, Lua scriping, have not had any problems with, fantastic, those the have the C++ background, I believe if you can program in C++, you have the ability to use Leadwerks to produce a AAA game,Now, I own the indie version with only Lua,  but for more the standard version is with C++,Do I recommend,  for sure,   if your new,  don't have programing knowledge, Leadworks is for you, if you know C++ leadwerks is also for you, show us something great,"
,Recommended,251810,20046883,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TØXIN,"Leadwerks is a semi easy-to-use and very powerful game enginewritten in OpenGL 4 with a deferred renderer. The engine is crossplatform between Windows & Linux, frequently updated, and has a very friendly and active community. With Leadwerks, you can create any game you want, be it an FPS game, 3rd person shooter, a puzzle game, or something super wacky, you can make it in the Leadwerks engine.Some Of The Great FeaturesThe deferred renderer is the pride and joy in this engine, giving you the ability to easily add dynamic lights and/or static lights with realistic shadows instantly, no lightmap baking needed. CSG level editing (like Source Engine's Hammer editor) is fun and fast in the Leadwerks editor, allowing you to map out and create a level to test out pretty quickly. The engine is built upon OpenGL 4, making the engine crossplatform between Windows and Linux. A Mac version is currently in the works and should be out sometime in the near future.Another great feature wtih this engine is that it is Steamworks ready. This means if you get your project Greenlit, you are ready to rock n' roll publishing your game on Steam and take advantage of Steam's API without needing to add any plugins/additional API libraries to your project.LicensingLeadwerks is by far one of the most affordable game development solutions out there, hands down. Leadwerks costs $99 per seat. That's it! No royalties! All you pay is one fee and the engine is yours to do whatever you want with (unless you use it to create another game engine, which you cannot do). You do not have to worry about a monthly fee or any royalty fees afterwards, this even applies to items in the Steam Workshop for Leadwerks - NO ROYALTIES! If you create a game that makes millions of dollars (I wish... ;)) that money is yours.There are addional add-ons to Leadwerks, like the Professional Edition (see next section for more info) and model packs. But these are just add-ons which are not required to make great games.If you work on a team, each team member needs their own copy of Leadwerks, there are no license sharing options available. If $99 is too expensive, then wait for a steam sale. Leadwerks usually goes down to $20 per copy.Leadwerks Game Engine vs Professional EditionTo note about the two versions of this engine, the regular version (Leadwerks Game Engine) is the base version. It allows you to program your game in LUA scripts which do not need compiling time and it gives you the easy-to-use game editor that allows CSG level editing, like you would find in the Hammer editor. The Professional edition is an add-on (DLC) that requires the regular verion, but gives you the ability to program your game in C++ in which gives you more power and the ability to download and use any other C++ libraries such as RackNet for networking and so on.GLSL Shader SupportSince the engine is using OpenGL 4, you are able to write your own (or download) GLSL shaders (vertex, Fragment, etc.). However, you need to convert them to use Leadwerks' variables if you just download a GLSL shader from a gamedev forum. You can see the variables here on the community wiki (http://leadwerks.wikidot.com/wiki:shader-specification)If you don't feel like writing shaders or you just don't understand how GLSL is written, no worries, there are plenty of people that are sharing their own custom Shaders on Steam Workshop and/orLeadwerks forums.Is This For Beginners? Well...Is this engine for novice game developers? Well... I do not think so. I say ""semi"" easy-to-use for a reason. This engine does require you to program in at least LUA script. Yes, it does have a tutorial for beginners and it comes packed with a couple game examples and templates (FPS example and marble game example) that you can work from when you create a new project, but I would say these are only examples/templates that still need to be built upon.If programming is not your forte, this would not be the engine for you. Also, the documentation needs work as there are many commands in both LUA and C++ that are not well documented or not documented at all, requiring you to search the forums onleadwerks.comin hope for a post already created and answered, but if you cannot find a forum post you can always ask the friendly community that are more than happy to help you out.With that said, the API in Leadwerks is one of the easiest to learn if you are willing to learn programming with LUA or C++. It still does take lots of work and patience to make a game, but that is anything in the software/game development field though, which should not surprise anyone.In ConclusionIf you are looking for a powerful game engine that has easy-to-learn scripting (LUA), CSG editing, Steamworks ready, cheap licensing, and all ran through an easy-to-use editor, I do recommend the Leadwerks Engine. The regular version (Leadwerks Game Engine) is the way to go. However, in addtion, if you want to squeeze more horsepower and flexibility out of your project with C++, I recommend you to pick up the Professional Edition Addon.This engine is truely great and will continue to grow for years to come. I am currently using this engine for a rogue-like, dungeon crawler game called The Adventures of Relic Rick (http://RelicRick.com). I also see myself using this engine for many more future projects to come onhttp://ToxinGames.com.Teamed Developers, Please Note:PLEASE NOTE: If you are working on a team, only people who will be coding the game in C++ are required to get the Professional edition, everyone else that are either designers and/or LUA scripters are required just to get the base version."
,Recommended,251810,9675585,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Andromeda,"First off I write this review as a newbie ""game designer"" with zero knowledge really of how this sort of thing works.This engine is by far the easiest I have picked up since the Serious SDK (Used in Serious Sam). Many engines are designed for the versed with little guidance. This one however is built it seems for whomever wishes to pick it up and give it a shot. True it is not an easy thing to do its not like it will turn you into a game developer in minutes. Which is after minutes I write this review. But in 15 minutes of looking I already found out how to make a terrain, paint it, put a character on the ground and also a pipe which I walked through and as simply as I did that I then went on to figure out collision meshes.It seems there is also a lot of material on Youtube and an active community at the website.Other pros include the commercial non-royalty licence you get with this which means once your game is finished you can package it and sell it with up to 100% of profits coming your way. Certainly worth considering as a foot in the door to the indie game market or as an educational tool to learn how to start with game design. And a relative snap at $99.99 although for C++ support you will need $200 (this addition is an upcoming DLC on Steam but purchasable on the website already). As a person with limited to no knowledge of programming LUA will do for now."
,Not Recommended,251810,14346291,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RonBuan,"STAY AWAY. 1 / 10 starsBanned again, this time he perma banned my IP.==============================Josh has banned me for voicing my concerns and opinions. I do not recommend this at all anymore.He also lied to me before purchase about the equality between the Windows and Linux features leading me to review this negatively.==============================At this time, There are many other alternatives to this software, expecially if you are running windows, that provide superior toolsets, graphic capabilities, and functionality. (Source SDK, UDK, Unreal 4, Crysis, Unity, Etc)Even for us Linux users, Unreal4Editor is now supported in Linux if you google how to install it and is far cheaper (20$).As it is currently, if your interested in trying this out, download Source SDK, and pretend that a bunch of tools are not present, crash if used, and there is no wiki documentation.This is currently very much in development at this time, some examples :-Water planes were just released-Foliage painting is not available-Many tools you are used to, will not be present-You must pay an extra 100 dollars to be allowed to code in C++- The Linux release is not actually as up to date as the windows version.Very Active community, they actually provide a lot of help and support for the product.Some nice things about Leadwerks :- Good / Active community- Relatively easy to get assets from Blender into your games- Community released content (shaders, templates, tutorials)The lead developer is active, but one man can only do so much and can only focus on certain tasks.The advertising portrays that this is the one stop shop for linux game development,I have found inconsistancies in the Windows and Linux versions, where Windows seems to be more supported.In order to use a vast majority of the tools that make this engine nice, you must opt into beta.No where on the sales page did it say that this was a beta, or still in development stages.In time this might be worth its price tag, but to me I just paid for someones development costs, not for a finished product that I could release games with as advertised.Other reviews for this engine are exagerated as to its state of completion or simply have not tried alternatives. Josh will disable your account if you talk about anything that is not leadwerks related.He does not support freeware or open source movements and has called their users ""Pushy"" and claims they attack reputable softwares... such as his. Most of the reviewers have said they recommend this software with only a few hours of use, which leads me to believe their reviews really aren't much but more misleading information.I do not intend to pay for someone elses development costs or encourage anyone to for that matter.I cannot stress to you enough to avoid this software."
,Recommended,251810,16486180,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Spirit Macardi,"As someone who is new to game design, I find Leadwerks to be a fantastic first introduction.I've been using it since the beginning of this year, and I've managed to learn how to use it through a combination of tutorials, the community, and good ol' trial and error. If you're on the fence, then get it during a sale like I did and give it a shot. I can't claim that it's as robust as something like Unity, but it is very easy to learn.The Good:-Drag and drop interface-Grid snap (for the OCD among us)-Lots of pre-made scripts-Easily repurposed for multiple genresThe Bad:-Small community-Website could use more tutorials/examples-Documentation is sometimes vague"
76561198164408739,Not Recommended,251810,32457980,Posted: 15 June,all,Alakazam.exe,"Very few people still use this unfortunaetly, finding working content on the workshop is hard.If you have used Source SDK before, this is much simpler. Definetly a good engine, but its just not for me."
,Recommended,251810,11099812,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Slastraf,"when is started with the leadwerks game engine weeks ago i first tried the features that are listed above.They are working well, and when i was making my first game there was nothing missing except of multiplayer access.I am writing htis, because there are reviews listed, that do not (or only in parts) apply the engine, like no terrain vegetation tool, but it is integrated. just look at videos online and use the trial to see if it is something for you.I am very happy to buy this."
,Recommended,251810,15492355,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kraxie,"What can I say about Leadworks other than it's probably the best engine to get started using games with...Firstly, the price, I got it myself for around 30€ and it was the best 30€ I've ever spent. Really, you can't go wrong with such a good engine for that amount of money...The documentations is really good as well. It's missing some command documentations, like the recently implomented cars and such, but other than that, it's really good.Even if you can't find a command of what you want to do, the community is always really helpful and nice with coming up with a solution on how to do things.AMD also recently released an update to fix all issues with AMD cards! So now you don't need to downgrade drivers or worry about your users having the wrong driver versions...Also really nice to have an editor on Linux.The only real problem is that it both uses Lua and C++, which makes it kinda annoying to look for tutorials when there are 2 programming languages, they should have just sticked to one imo...The Steamworks SDK is also only for C++... Steamworks works in Lua though.Not really a problem, but all music files need to be in .WAV format, which makes it sound really nice, but uses up so much space! I would be very happy if they added .OGG support or something like that.I would just say, if you want to learn how to make games, get it! It's really nice to work with, just expect to do a whole lot of coding, since you are really only using the GUI stuff for making levels... It's not so bad though, since I didn't know anything about lua when I started using it, but now I know a whole lot about it."
,Recommended,251810,8726057,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[TPZ] Cereal Killer,"Leadwerks is what it says on the box, it's a software development kit like Source SDK or UDK. You create a game completely from scratch (without the need of modelers and coders, the code and models are supplied to you already but that doesn't mean you can't code or create your own models.)This ""Software Development Kit"" is very simple to use (It is VERY similar to Source SDK so it's quite easy to use if you know your way around Source SDK) and only takes a few hours to get the hang of the basics, creating blocks & texturing them is a breeze, adding spawn points, light environments, lights, models placement etc.I'd certainly recommend picking this up if you're a beginner at creating games or wanting to learn how to create your own game without all the hardships of C++ or modeling.I'm sure there is better SDK's out there (such as Source SDK) for creating games however this is for creating your own licensed games not Valve Licensed games.Would i recommend this? Hell yes i would if you're creative and have spare time on your hands during your bored periods.In all honesty i've only played with this a little while, so i don't know much about it but there is tones of tutorials & help on the in-app help page so you're not going in blind. (This ""Software Development Kit"" is very well thought out and very well created.)I'd easily rate this a 9/10 for simplicity & user friendliness for new developers or for old developers looking to make unique games."
76561198061567391,Not Recommended,251810,11651320,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Flameking3000,"This program is good but not worth the price at it's current state. I'm surprise this program doesn't come with a beta tag or something. when you finally get in it... you get a basic interface with limited controls. However the physics,c++ capability, and easy to learn; but  the lua scripting implemented in is actually quite diffucult to get use to if your not fluent in it and/or more use to writting in c#,c++, or java.This program along with other features such as the updates they release quite regurally, the developers make the demo least worth trying out until new features and updates occur to help boost it's functionality.Pros•good soft shadows•solid foundaton•excellent physics•drag and drop in files with ease•good community support (developer quick response to some messages and ideas)•ability to use sprites•good particle effects•water finally implemented•ablity to browse workshop/store like in unityCons•pretty simplistic interface (could be a pro)•no vegetation system in this version yet•no fog•no .obj support•limited amount of tutorials•no mp3 support (Wav files supported)"
,Recommended,251810,18063662,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:This is possibilty one of best high standard & quality a game maker tool after bigger game engines like Unity/Cry Engine/Unreal. Meaby it's not easy one but, it's good a program & easy to learn it.If you want to own more a cheapy pro a lisence & tool & also want to a programing your self & use editor to build your a game, this a program is for you!There is a big community for this a software & lots of tutorial for this a program also, just like Unity have but, not meaby in Steam.High a recoment this a software! :3FIN:Mahdollisesti yksi korkeatasoisemmista ja monipuolisista sekä laadukkaista pelinteko ohjelmistoista Unity:n jälkeen. Ei ehkä helppo mutta, hyvä ohjelma ja helppo oppia.Jos haluat omistaa paljon halvemman pro lisenssin sekä työkalun ja silti haluat itse ohjelmoida sekä käyttää editoria pelin rakentamiseen niin, tässä on ohjelmisto sinulle!Tällä ohjelmistolla on iso yhteisö ja saatavilla paljon tutoriaalejakin kuten, Unity:lläkin on mutta, ei ehkä Steam:issa.Korkeat suositteluni tälle ohjelmistolle! :3"
76561198018592320,Recommended,251810,17723521,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,oc_nilsen,"Still learning, but the process of creating with Leadwerks is fun and you always have a sense of getting somewhere, and that you did it all from scratch even if you started off with a template. Plus the community is super helpful.And it works natively on Linux out of the box! Haven't used it on any other distro than variations of Ubuntu, though, so I can't say if your particular distro will work flawlessly. Standard Ubuntu is the only one which is officially supported as I understand it.Great software for the creative individual, and highly recommended."
,Recommended,251810,28560743,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mdgunn,"Highlights:- Regular competitions (with prizes for all entries) which can be a great motivator to keep your game development ideas alive and thinking of new ones.- The API is easy to understand pretty much EVERYTHING about it - If you struggle to get going with other engines then this may be a real help.- Levels and ideas can be quickly prototyped with CSG geometry for the level and even for initial world items that may later become models.- Constantly under development with free updates (DLC are not necessary and really are extras - though I own them all!).- Simple to use level editor with the flexibility of code underneath (lua, and C++ in pro version) so you are not at the mercy of what the editor supports.- Royalty free license - no worrying about you not totally owning your game.- Good friendly and helpful community and developer support.- Pretty good support for working with other tools for model import etc..- Fast launching of games in Debug mode with no need to rebuild lighting etc. - Later on as your games get bigger they will take longer to load but your work should be sensibly structured so that it can be tested in simplified environements etc most of the time. E.g. prefab development, AI tests etc.- Quick to get going with terrain and vegetation.I think this engine suits the sort or person that is looking to build their game largely from scratch and is happy with the satisfaction of creating your own unique game.If you are looking to pump out 'good looking', 'triple-A' games (that are probably neither) as **SOME** users of other engines seem to be interested in doing then this probably isn't the engine for you.  You can't just buy your way out of an interesting development problem through an asset purchase like you might in other engines. In any relatively complex game you are at times going to need to code and understand your own solution. The Leadwerks  community is always keen and quick to help with this though.You're probably going to have most satisfaction if you are OK with coding (or learning to code) and OK with working within what the current capabilities of the engine are and tailoring your vision to suit (if need be).  You can get Leadwerks to do anything you want but the amount of time needed may increase significantly if you need to integrate C++ libraries etc.The principles of delivering a decent game (game mechanics, level creation etc.) are not really tied to a particular engine but in the end you need to pick one to implement your game. I think if you are looking to get into game development then this engine is a good place to start. I think it is one of the best choices to help you successfully deliver incrementally better FINISHED products in the form of demos or finished games."
,Recommended,251810,24641512,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[NR] Dragonfreak,"Alright, i finally got the time to write a review. I'm usually not the person that write reviews either because i'm either too lazy or it just wasn't good enough. So this sort of proves that it must be review worthy :)First of all, i will mention that i finished my study exam thanks to this engine. I personally learned only 10% tops from my current knowledge of creating games (programming in general) through my study. It was crappy and i won't spill much more on it.(Link here:http://www.leadwerks.com/werkspace/topic/14873-exam-game-realm-of-the-lamb/#entry100915)However, i needed to be able to fully create a game for my exam. This is where leadwerks jumped in. I have learned atleast 80% of my knowledge through leadwerks by messing around, poking the community and overal following ALL their tutorials. Only by doing the tutorials, i already learned the 50%. I even learned basic lightning things, texturing and modeling things that i should've learned in my first year of my study.For me personally, this was all clear and understandable especially since i had barely any knowledge on the things i mentioned above. This worked a lot in my favor.I can continue on a long time with this.. But i rather keep it a bit more compact and go straight to why you should buy this engine.This engine is always developing for more features, listening to the community and expanding it's possibilities.The interface is also extremely friendly to any user, beginner or advanced! ( Or in between ;) )Another awesome feature, which i personally loved insanely and made my life so much easier during creating this game:The flowgraph feature. This feature pretty much makes it possible to hook up different kind of scripts with just a line. You can add additional values with it to make it more mobile.For example, i had 1 script for multi purpose. I just made the value output change based on the user input during the game and together they formed the ""key"" to open a door! Genius if you ask me!Next to that is the script property dynamic functionaliteit (excuse me if i named this wrong, i didn't know how to describe it differently)For each script, you can make custom ""settings"" which appear on the script tab it self. So for the same thing as i mentioned above, you can create 1 dynamic script for example a few NPC's, but they need a different color, speed and name. With this functionaliteit you can exactly make 1 script that you can attach to multiple NPC's and just give them their own differences! The engine will handle the rest! (This is really a life safer)To be honest, i might not be the best review writter, i might have missed a few important things..But these things and many more, really made it possible for me to create a solid complete game. With a start and an end.Before i was never able to do this.. Hence my reason to write this review :)I hope this was helpful with your decision! I personally bought it in the sell, but truly the price of this engine is really cheap considering for everything you get in return. Especially the fact that it's ROYALITY FREE! My lord, what more reason do you need?!Thanks for reading if you made it this far, here have a cookie :)One thing i forgot to mention: Thanks to leadwerks, i found back what i have lost long ago and that was my joy and fun of programming. I'm a person that can get stuck in it, forget time completely and suddenly realize it's 4 in the morning. So thanks again leadwerks, truly amazing :)"
,Recommended,251810,32974438,Posted: 28 June,all,Puppster,"Pretty awesome budget game engine. Not for the best of the best coders, but will provide a fun experience. Very worth the price, and provides many tutorials that will help beginner coders figure things out. I'd give this game engine a 9.5/10 in all."
76561198015985466,Recommended,251810,14597961,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Xenonus,"All I can say is, that after trying other game engines, this one is the easiest to work with.Being a total noob in game making, after going through some documentation and forum topics, I was able to create a fully working prototype scene for my game in about a week.Yes, you have to learn Lua or C++ to add specific functionalities. The possibilities however are truly endless...I see a great potential in this engine.A huge thanks to all the advanced contributors on the official forums for helping out beginners with their great tutorials and examples!"
,Recommended,251810,33381391,Posted: 8 July,all,Christian Clavet,"I'm evaluating Leadwerks 4.4. Got Leadwerks since release 3.1, and did not used it much, but this new release with all the improvements made so far, made me look at it again, and WOW!It's like taking Source Engine/Hammer and making it up to date with current game technologies (particulary the rendering that increased a lot in quality because of the environment probes/global illumination). A great plus for me is that the editor has a workflow similar to Hammer(Source). But can get more easier customization because of LUA/C++ of the entities. You can create a new type of entity in LUA in less than 5 minutes! For logic (doors/triggers/etc) the visual scripting tool ""Flowgraph editor"" is really easy to connect scripts and make them work together.Asset integration is really a breeze, as it import from FBX and convert it directly. You don't even have to create a collision model as it has it'S own internal tools to create them (like convex decomposition). You can take a model, name it's animations and call them from LUA. Some templates are already provided that are easy to customize to your need.Recently, they improved the terrain system, and WOW, the vegetation system is really incredible! You can directly ""paint"" trees on the terrain, (rocks, grass, about anything!). All of them use hardware instancing so you can create a really dense forest and maintain a good framerate! Another really good feature, is that since vegetation is ""painted"" onto the terrain, you can change the shape of it using the sculpting tools, and the vegetation will reposition itself to the new shape!In this new version, a NEW GUI system was added. (GUI was possible but really limited because it only offered 2D shapes, or you could use the PRO version and link a GUI system in C++). Now you have a GUI system that can be used without requiring all that out of the box! As an exemple, it now offer not a game menu template like you would have in ""half-life/portal"". That can be quickly modified to your need with LUA.New post-process shaders were introducted that improve the final image quality (Screen space ambient oclusion, screen space reflections, HDR, etc)Publishing is really easy, as it will put all the used assets in a protected archive from the editor GUI. As an advanced option (from code), you can even split the assets and create multiple protected archives for easy updates of your game assets.I highly recommend it to indie developpers, as this is really simple to use, and doesnt require an army of developpers to get something that work and look good!"
,Recommended,251810,10292229,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Onionike,"It's almost ready for creating some cool games :) It needs a little work (which it is recieving as I am writting this review) but already you can do some cool stuff. Unlike some of it's competitiors it doesn't require royalties to be payed. The only thing you pay for is the software (and optionally the c++ support too). I recommend this to developers, especially when it is finished :D"
,Recommended,251810,8644369,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,sykoste,"WOW, I knew nothing about game development/Programming and after a couple of hours playing and watching a few of the tutorials i Have a good understanding and able to put a basic level together and roam around.Highly Recommended! (if your willing to put the effort in)C++/Lua)"
,Recommended,251810,23766618,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[G.H] Martyj,Probably one of the best purchases I have ever made.
,Recommended,251810,22918306,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Crazycarpet,"Great engine, very powerful and easy to use. Josh and other community members provide great assistance.Great Lua integration, and ToLua++ makes life extremely easy.Pros:- Easy to use API- Nice graphics- Straight forward editor- LuaJit + ToLua++ = <3- Great shader setup.- Constantly improves.Cons:- Many things arenot documented as they are dismissed as ""too complex"", this is my biggest complaint.- Animations cause massive performance drops. (Although overall LE performs well.)- The character controller movement is sloppy."
76561197975254068,Recommended,251810,29292608,Posted: 16 January,all,Mentatz,"I was working with the build editor, the World Editor for HL1 and the Hammer editor for source. This one is quite similar what makes it even more fun to work with. Much more functions because the other editors are mapping tools only.For people who never used such things, its like Lego, so much fun. Maybe hard to get into but the successrate is great.If you pretend to be a professional with years of experience in game development like some of the reviewers, I don´t believe you because you can stick to other software without using this very good beginner tool. It sucks to wrote down the work of others, make it better or shut up.Thank you very much for the sale!"
,Recommended,251810,29545897,Posted: 28 January,all,Buste,"HELLO EDIT：i am a chinese,because language,i have too much difficults when i using this program.If you can,pleases add chinese language,you can using Google translation,i think this is too easy to you,but this is too importantto our chinese,thanks very much.."
,Recommended,251810,23849360,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Hankinator,"I really like this 3D engine, it is the first that worked for me the way I wanted. You can do so much by scripting with Lua, I've yet to find a task I could not complete. I bought professional edition but I've yet to use it because you can do so much with just Lua. 3D modeling isn't something I enjoy but with this engine I can build the majority of my levels with CSG right in the editor. This makes it really easy to set up something really quick to test out an idea. The developer of this software has been pretty active in the (official) forums and is always improving the engine. It's a great community and there are a lot of helpful users."
76561198009151972,Recommended,251810,8679099,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Chaosdrone,Been wanting to make a game for years now i have had unity game maker and other programs but this has to be one of the best i have used and its so easy all the other engines i have used you cant use LUA witch was the only code i new but you can with this i recommend this and will be making my first game with it and more
76561198007608802,Recommended,251810,8990858,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Nominal 1,"After using Leadwerks with the manual and tutorials for about 40 hours. I've gotten futher in understanding of its use than any other game engine I've tried. I highly recommend Leadwerks.Try the free versions (or demo's) and read the Terms of Use for Epic Unreal Engine , Unity, CryEngine and Leadwerks. I think $100.00 will be a bargain (for Leadwerks) or pick it up when it goes on periodic sales. If your interested in learning what goes into creating a 3d game you will be given enough to start learning. I think you can't go wrong with the Leadwerks engine and the helpful community. I do recommend registering with Leadwerks web site. The web site is a wealth of information. The Community Forms are very helpful and kind to the newb. You won't be left alone in the dark. My experience with Leadwerks has been nothing but positive.I have built a working map level within 80 hours and I'm old and feeble minded. My level consisted of the provided Assets and Scripts. Functioning FP with weapon and triggered mutant enemies with predetermined paths, some proximity triggered by sound and sight. A working elevator triggered with three switchs using connected script nodes. Automatic doors and some using switches. Sounds for all the assets and a music track when player is in danger.  Terrain and skydome with more udates coming through the Opt in Beta. There are a lot of free assets through Steam WorkShop and more to come.Buy it, support the revolution, make games not war!"
,Recommended,251810,8822943,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,CI_Munchnplay,"great and easy for beginner to advanced v4 programmer like myself to use.the layout is user friendly, great instructions on teaching you how to get started,as long as you know some programming.I had to get this also for some friends of mine.Love all the options you have a freedom with this engine. looking forward to making some games and adding to greenlight.well now i have to get back to the drawing board and make a game.feel free to see all this offers and more in the section below.To see more scripts /models, tools and more goto theirsite>http://www.leadwerks.com/werkspace/files?showbanner=0what you can do:""Features List""GraphicsOpenGL 4.0 deferred renderer with uniform lighting model supports any number of lights, all casting soft dynamic shadows.Up to 32x hardware MSAA makes rendered images incredibly sharp and detailed.Full support for vertex, fragment, geometry, and tessellation shaders.Dynamic megatexture terrain provides fast rendering of terrains with many layers.Hierarchical hardware occlusion queries provides fast visibility testing.Hardware tessellation for dynamic real surface displacement on the GPU.Normal mapping with specular and cubemap reflections.Instanced rendering allows fast drawing of large volumes of objects.Hardware skinning provides fast skinned animation.Deferred transparency with multiple overlapping layers of shading.Real-time mesh modification.Trilinear and up to 16x anisotropic filtering.Blend and transition animation sequences.Extract animation sequences in the editor.EditorAutomatic asset management reloads models and textures when they are modified from another application.Drag and drop import of FBX, DDS, BMP, JPG, PNG, TGA, and PSD files.Visual interface controls every aspect of the art pipeline.Constructive solid geometry modeling tools.Brush primitives include box, wedge, cylinder, sphere, arch, tube, and torus.Automatic UV mapping.Brush smooth groups.Built-in lightmapper with light vector maps.Built-in shader editor with instant visualization and error display.Launch your game and debug the Lua virtual machine, for both Lua and C++ games.Native user interface on each supported platform.ProgrammingAPI design with an object-oriented command set lets you code any game.Project manager automatically generates project files for Visual Studio, Xcode, and Eclipse.*Code once, run anywhere.*C++ and Lua work together in one application.*ScriptBuilt-in script editor with debugger, code stepping, and syntax highlighting.Visual flowgraph lets you connect objects to control game interactions.Direct programming gives you control over your game's loop and program structure.Entity scripts provide a per-object hook interface.Script variables are exposed in the editor interface and reloaded in real-time.Console executes script commands in real-time.AIDynamic navmesh pathfinding. Navigation paths automatically recalculate when the scene changes.Navigation areas are displayed in the editor in real-time as you build your game level.Character controller movement seamlessly integrated with physics and pathfinding systems.Set entities to automatically chase another object.ParticlesReal-time particle editor with instant visualization.Emission volumes include box, sphere, cylinder, tube, and cone.Adjustable curve graph for alpha and scale.Particle animation sheets with adjustable frame counts and layout.Velocity-based rotation for directional particles like sparks.PhysicsFast and accurate rigid body physics.Constraints including hinge, ball, and sliding joints.Automatic physics shape calculation.Generate physics shapes in the editor from models or brushes.Swept collision.Raycasting with lines or spheres.Sound3D sound spatialization.Emit a sound from any entity.Automatic channel management frees up unneeded channels.Skip to any time in sound.what you can do : ""Features List^"""
,Not Recommended,251810,29835172,Posted: 10 February,all,DoctorChocolate,A pricey stepping stone before you inevitably graduate to Unity or Unreal 4.
,Recommended,251810,18096622,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,rozsoft,One of my favorite game engines. Truly tool for game programmers. Beware! You need to know how to write computer programs. I saw many reviews complaining on Leadwerks because it couldn't create games for developers...It has some flaws but has great potential and is still developed. I recommend Leadwerks.
,Not Recommended,251810,16971783,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jorkayus,"I don't recomend this software, is not bad at all, the price is too much expensive for what it is, especially the standard edition(I have it). It seems to grow very slowly, the coding interface is very bad and is not very clear how to combine C++ and LUA, how to make functions, all i know is to do scrips for the objects when is very easy to make an interactive way to programe instead of have to write all.Uses a very basic interface, could be much better to have a very intuitive interface with lots of things, for example you have water generating, but u need to put the 3 commands, is not very dificult to add a button anywhere to click and set there what you want!!Is a engine that don't make it easy, only have the scenary editor, and scrips editor, depending on what you are doing can be pretty fine, for my project, it is not what i was searching for.In conclusion, this is not an engine for the client, is an engine that grows like random, and very very slow.Maybe in the future is a good option, for the moment, I don't think it."
,Recommended,251810,16735302,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TheKkubas,"Very good program. It's expensive but it worth it. It have many features, nice tutorials and forum.People at forum are trying to help in every single topic. It should be one of your first engines."
,Recommended,251810,19238960,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,コーヒー,"Pretty basic, easy to use.. maybe get it on sale, and you should be educated about game-making, but I suppose it's worth it to get it."
,Recommended,251810,22551387,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Corrosion,"It's pretty awesome so far, I learned how to do a bunch of stuff in about 5 minutes that ranged from getting enemy AI working to getting a playable character working, to making a small map that actually looked decent. Easy enough, awesome enough."
76561197971391643,Not Recommended,251810,32278692,Posted: 8 June,all,FEUD,"The LUA editor needs code insight and code completion to be useful. F1 over a API command should jump to the relevant help section too.  Seems to have a problem with alpha-blending too, trees for example seem to have black lines around the leafs that look really bad when in the distance. Could be a mip-map problem it's hard to tell."
76561198020322424,Not Recommended,251810,17174236,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Spend 2 months of your life learning what you can. Then get stuck on the most simpliest problems.For example. A survival game. Can't get calories to drop as time goes on. Something that simple.I ask for help in the forum. Get told to make a topic. No one ever answswers. Game over.NO support what so ever unless one of thier cocky know it alls happens to answer. To boot theywont teach a menu system for your game they want you to buy Joruns. BS. This programwill leave you in the dark it will take you a 1000 years to make anything. I tried and spent so manyhours on this for nothing. Plus you have to learn this program just use LUA by its self if you wantto go with this gay programming.GO UNITY DUH!
76561197972636723,Not Recommended,251810,21312935,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Joe,The game engine has a lot of bugs and it's a one man show doing the work and updates that are not tested before released. The end user of the product is the beta tester and good luck getting any support when the program crashes.I bought it at 80% off for $20.00 so no big deal throwing away $20.00 but not worth $100 at all.Save your money and move on to a real game engine with support and people use to make games.
76561198042427982,Recommended,251810,24028187,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,merries,"Just getting started after being with another game engine for quite some time.   I was able to jump right into the editor and start working with the object brushes as is similar to other building programs, the tutorials are well written and the forum is active, so far I have gotten fairly quick answers to my questions.  Give this engine a try."
76561198057737546,Recommended,251810,24013004,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,comanchetr,"I recommend this engine only if it has some nice discount. Get the c++ part also. It is a balanced game engine. It has nice tools to create nice games it is improving etc.. It has a good scripting editor and nice behavior description style. I think this engine does not allow to make the best but you can create nice games relatively easily.Pros;Lua scripting. Integrated c++ and lua editor. It is improving, with last update volumetric lighting was added. A nice terrain editor which only lacks two features which I'll explain in cons part. Relatively easy to use. It has nice material system also. Level design mechanism is also nice.Cons;Mobile development isn't encouraged. This engine lacks some fetaures to create descent games for computers but it is more than enough to create nice mobile games. Thus, it has potential but developers limit it. Terrain editor, well , it needs ""noise"" tool. In real life terrains have random bumps. Add randomness. Save us to apply it manually and emulate randomness. Secondly, it needs ramp tool.Final decision;Yea, cryengine is free. If you are serious in game development get that. Or UE 4 with 5% royalty fee. However, IMO it is nice to have this engine in your library. It is fresh and indie. It has potential. Also supporting the developer may result in much more advanced Leadwerks."
76561197977392956,Recommended,251810,23768481,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,awgsknite,I should have made this review before way back when I bought this but I was too busy making video games with it ! So here's my little review for this awesome engine ! :If you want to make a really awesome looking modern video game then I would recommend that you use this engine ! There is awesome support on the forums that can help you create the video game of your dreams ! Also there is literally tons of assets that are for free that come with this through the workshop that you can use in a commercial game that you make with this engine ! If and when you need help with making your game with this then the forums will help you out.A personal Thank You to the maker of this engine for making this awesome game engine available for us !
76561198012391981,Recommended,251810,24127951,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,EmperorConan,easy to useeasy to learneasy to make gamesWhat else do you need?
,Recommended,251810,24792365,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TheColdQuasar,It is pretty good as I remember. I did refund it as it didn't have a multiplayer feature. I would rebuy if it has a multiplayer feature. Pretty good and nice tutorials. Keep up the work.
,Recommended,251810,20307513,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Turbo_Turtle88,this is the best game making software ive ever used and i love it
76561197972394607,Recommended,251810,25123700,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Thirsty Panther,"Leadwerks Game Engine + Zombie and Weapon DLC , $150Updates, Royalties, Liecences, $0Telling your friends and family you have a game on Steam, Priceless!"
,Not Recommended,251810,25190302,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Suppercut,"I was willing to give this engine a try for creating non-FPS types of games, but as it turns out, it has no controller support whatsoever, and the whole physics system just seems very clunky anyways. Uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,251810,18068445,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,nitpum,"It's look like easy but no.I recommend you to buy Unity or Unreal instead or use free version , If you don't want to waste moneyI want to refund my money but  exceeds 2 hours I can't refund that so bad"
,Recommended,251810,8961371,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Braxt,"I have used many engines... from the toy-like FPSCreator to Torque3D, and I have to say that this engine is one of the easiest/most fun/non-limiting I've used.It has built-in editors (everything but a modeler, which are free); a standed scripting language (Lua... a language you can take with you), a great community, and awesome tutorials.I made my first prototype in 2 hours... with a custom floor plan, working doors, lights attached to switches, and things to shoot at. :)Great for beginners and advanced users (if you're really advanced, I suggest going to the leadwerks site and getting the source code(C++), or just getting their $199 version which includes it)."
76561198055441095,Not Recommended,251810,13778629,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Doomulos,Currently I cannot recommend this software. It has great potential that I haven't been able to access due to the program crashing whenever a file is open. Currently unusable for me.
,Recommended,251810,25447466,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,JustBrownie,"Leadwerks is a software where you can easily create your very own games.It uses lua code for scripting so you can do pretty much whatever you can dream of. You can import your own models and make your own characters, weapons, props, maps, textures, and much much more. I definitly reccomend saving every time you do something, as it does crash without warning pretty often, but other than that, if you know what your doing, there are few limitations. Leadwerks makes everything simple, with a very nice and user friendly layout. Buttons are easy to see, pleanty of views to choose from. There are also hundreds of tutorials on the leadwerks website. Overall, Leadwerks makes everything seem simple, and is perfect for beginners, its extremely frustrating when you lose an hour of work because of a random crash.I RECCOMEND USING BLENDER FOR YOUR MODELLING. ITS FREE.SAVE OFTEN."
76561197970341336,Recommended,251810,23935349,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Anvil,"Have uesed Leadwerks for years, Josh is great and responsive to suggestions.... even did some art assets for it about 10 years ago.. Love it for quick dev and demo work. Highly recommend for portfolio work and learning."
76561197991829844,Not Recommended,251810,25547256,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ross1e3,"Won't install the Nature Pack, despite owning professional version. Leadwerks very buggy. Emailed Leadwerks for support, gave a few days and no response. Can't get refund as took too long giving Leadwerks a chance. Do not waste money on this."
,Recommended,251810,16358902,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Das,"Leadwerks Game Engine is a great tool to use, especially if this is your first time using a gaming engine, it is simple for starters, and offers everything more experienced users may need. If you are using AMD then you will need to install a new driver, otherwise the engine will crash and you won't be able to start a project. Go here for the driver:http://steamcommunity.com/app/251810/discussions/0/610573009256395302/The dev is also super helpful, and is willing to work with you if you are having problems."
76561198183739107,Not Recommended,251810,25456526,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Two Legged Cat,"Wow I have never seen something this bad. Things are broken, cant add mesh collisders and workshop content actually costs money. If you wanna make a game just use unity or unreal engin and pay the greenlight fee jeeze free programs have better features than this. Hopefully i am still eligable for a refund or im out 40 bucks. and not to mention the dlc that shouldve been included in the first place."
,Recommended,251810,20855715,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SpEcIeS,"This was my first experience with a game engine and it was excellent. The community is very helpful and the Leadwerks site offers some excellent tutorials to get a person started and they offer an excellent message board with plenty of friendly help. On YouTube there are many videos to walk a person through some more complicated information.If you are looking to build games for sale, or for pleasure, I would recommend The Leadwerks Game Engine. :)"
,Recommended,251810,21393131,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,da_gamer,"Great for making landscapes and terrains, spent hours sculpting a crevice, having fun with textures(etc) now I need to learn a LOT more Lua to make some characters, npc's (etc)..."
,Not Recommended,251810,17681832,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Pïnhëåd,They changed there terms to allow anyone to use your Workshop items for commercial use without your permission. That is Illegal in European countries to use anything without the permission of the creator.
,Not Recommended,251810,31311440,Posted: 22 April,all,rcmportella,"It is not a bad software, but why I pay when you can get Unity or Unreal for free? Also, the learning is even steeper than these other tools. Make it for free and improve the interface to make it easier. If you do this, maybe you will get a share of the market."
,Recommended,251810,8670190,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Amazingly easy learning curve, Great graphics.Just overall a easy to use,awesome looking game engine.Exactly what i was looking for, Your own textures are made best with Bitmap2Material.That way you will have nice Normal and Specular maps to go with it...In about 2 hours you should know the basics.As for me, well i've sure got a long way to go, but seeing this progress helps me alot to stay on track."
76561198057909156,Recommended,251810,8837865,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Waldo,Really easy to use....Fun to mess around with....Lua code....Not $1500= > unity
,Recommended,251810,9964471,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Isaac Paczkowski,"This engine is definintly an amazing app for steam, users can finally make games for steam. The price might seem high but trust me. Its worth it. If you have any questions about this game engine, message my steam account. Hope to see your game on here soon..."
,Recommended,251810,14037684,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bear,"I've spent considerable time using engines such as Unity and Unreal Engine 4. After spending roughly an hour with this software, following along with a video tutorial, here are some of my initial thoughts upon it.Note: I only submitted this review with a ""recommend"" because I can't fairly judge its entirety based on only an hour of impressions. If I find anything else notable later on I'll edit this review and include it as well. Anything I misrepresent is simply a result of the engine not being clear enough to convey within an hour.ProsSince Leadwerks supports Lua scripting, it's a novice friendly engine to use. Lua is one of the easier languages to pick up, and many people can get by with just a primitive knowledge of programmingThere appears to be quite a nice PlayerController script (among others) built in, which allows for a new developer to quickly get into their game and start focusing on mechanics rather than technicalities.In comparison to UE4 and Unity, this engine is priced quite modestly. As it stands, however, EU4 still remains the cheapest and likely the most powerful. I don't feel I need to comment much on it's pricing, as you can deem from this review and others if it's worth the cost. I personally purchased it while it was on sale for a third of the price. Even its full price isn't that bad for what this offers.Workshop integration allows for users to share their work with others, which I find to be a neat touch.It has a ton of features that I haven't even begun to touch on, but this review is simply my first impressions.ConsThe editor camera controls are horrendous. Having WASD move the camera position and right click to drag the rotation is similar to UE4, however even EU4 allows for a pivot camera with Alt + Left Mouse drag. The first thing I did was assume Maya camera controls, and was unpleasantly surprised to see there seems to be only one consistent way of navigating your camera around the scene.When editing rotation, scale, position, etc, of an object in the scene, the orientation manipulator does not reflect the change in mode. This results in the user having to actually select the axis of rotation and drag accordingly, whereas any other software suite ever provides different widgets for each mode (Arrow caps for translate, Boxes for scale, Protractor for rotation, etc). While on this topic it would be noteworthy to mention I have yet to see a way to scale in all dimensions, resulting in the user needing to adjust XYZ scale independently.Keyboard shortcuts: There seem to be none. Everything requires that you click tiny buttons on the GUI to use different tools (including Transform, Rotate, Scale, etc) which is exceedingly maddening after having ingrained these shortcuts into my head with every other 3D software package I've ever used. There is no good way of focusing on an object unless you click a small button on GUI or right click in the scene list and select ""Go to"". The functionality obviously exists, but is not implemented via any keyboard shortcut. Again, this makes simple tasks frustrating and tedious.To my knowledge, Leadwerk's script editor provides no auto-complete or ""intellisense"" of any kind. While that sort of feature isn't necessary as long as there is a good amount of documentation, it sets it a tad behind other engines like Unity and UE4 which implement IDEs that incorporate it.ConclusionIf you're looking at this software, you're likely looking into or know of Unity and Unreal as well. If you already own the full version of one of those, I can't imagine you'd find any compelling reason to buy this. In fact, if you have experience with other engines this might just frustrate you as well. The main issue I've had has been trying to use pre-existing knowledge about how I expected it to work based on other 3D software packages.Honestly. I really wanted to like this. It was an inexpensive option and I bought it on a whim hoping to get something out of it. While I'll still continue learning to use the engine, I can't imagine it'll be my primary go-to.I would, however, highly recommend this if you've never dabbled before in a 3D engine and just want to give the idea a spin. From what I've read and seen online, it's good for beginners and doesn't appear to have that steep of a learning curve. I would personally love to see this engine include features such as keyboard shortcuts (I find it funny that sort of thing has to be requested) among the others I mentioned.TL;DR: Good for a new developer / Frustrating for anyone who's used anything else"
,Not Recommended,251810,14679690,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ennisont,because when ever you want to install somthing from the workshop it allways says faild
76561198184365517,Not Recommended,251810,24124667,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,bowden_austin,this is not easy. its just as complicating as any other code based program out there. the videos may look easy going but once you download it and run it you will have no idea what your doing as a beginner. even if on sale dont buy it unless you are 100% sure that you know what your doing...
,Recommended,251810,13855120,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MOBii,"BlitzMax Change my life literally! (BlitzMax is the BEST programming language I ever tested and I test Monkey X too)I am currently working on a Lua project that making Windows applications.I get curious about Leadwerks Game Engine because I see People from Leadwerks in the BlitzMax Community and because me myself is working on a Lua project.I Buy Leadwerks but lack of time I didn't expect myself to put time into this, but watching:https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Leadwerks+tutorial+Lua+gameMake me want to test the examplesI was way more impressed by Leadwerks than I expected!Pros:I can use Leadwerks in Steam Offline ModeI can use Leadwerks Standard Edition's Project's in Microsoft Visual StudioI can probably use Leadwerks Project with BlitzMax (Still not tested that)I could make a standalone .exe that run without needing to be log on to Steam!When I know more I shall try learn my 6 year old daughterSome Lua implementation is only WOW, but I didn't expect less, specially when N is on their team!Cons:I don't like that I set information in REM'ed code, REM code suppose to be ignored: Script.ReLive = """" --entity ""ReLive HERE""Some other Lua implementation that I didn't like but that is me personal only!"
,Recommended,251810,14172715,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,epsilonion,"Leadwerks is a good engine you can view reviews vs unity etc through google they all say the same like I have below, so if you dont trust me then read there reviews from many people we can not all be wrong.After been out of programming for over 20 years I decided to give it a go in the winter sale where I saved a lot of cash.The steam basic edition (indie) is uses LUA scripting that most AAA game dev's use for there games.I myself upgraded to the standard edition of the engine and used C++ but it does not stop there you can also use lua scripting aswell in you project.Here is my Honest review of Leadwerks.There is currently an issue with AMD graphics drivers but all you have to do it roll back the driver so not too much of an issue and it is been delt with.Link to working graphics drivers (did not have to look very hard to find them -http://www.leadwerks.com/werkspace/forum-2/announcement-3-graphics-drivers-for-leadwerks/After carefull comparison of UNITY FREE and LEADWERKS I have noticed the following in leadweks.Pro's for Leadwerks:Better UI for creating your project.Better graphics in your project.Better documentation.General ease of use.Dev's listen to your requests.Access to the beta channel.Uses LUa (indie edition) and C++, Lua  (Standard Eddition), Industry standard languagesComes with steam overlay already in your project (can be disabled)Flowgraph editor.Free updates.Royalty FREE!! (keep whatevery you earn when selling your game)You tube and textual tutorials (Create a game in LUA, respawning, Hud, Inventury, Basic AI, Pathfinding, etc)FBX importing.Dynamic shaddowsCon'sNo asset store (but you can get free assets and code etc via the website and workshop).Register on the leadwerks site - but thats not an issue for most people like myself.**************************************************************************************************Both engines have a great community of people wanting to help you.I would recogmend this engine if you can afford the initial outlay or you can wait for a steam sale.We are creating our first project with this engine and we did use and consider others (Unity, UE4 and Leadwerks).**************************************************************************************************Roadmap for 2015Just to summarize:Priorities:-Water-Terrain-User generated content/Steam store-Decals-More scripts and example gamesUnspecified (or I just forgot what the priority of these were):-Roads (apparently terrain system was built with this in mind)-Reintroduction of projected textures for lights-Extended CSG tools--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There is a guy who was complaining about the graphic driver issue and the temporary solution but I found the temporary solution within mins of logging into the leadwerks forum..--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,251810,14086134,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,VANILLA VALHALLA,"Great game engine.  Lua scripting for maps/game events, and if you bought the upgrade, C++ For the main application itself.  Good terrain features, a well documented API, and plenty of built in features.I would, however, reccomend waiting for a 50% off sale like I did so you can get both the Indie Edition and C++ Editions for $100 (The normal price).8/10 (Full 10/10 when they add in more features that are on the roadmap.)"
76561198068668688,Recommended,251810,14731048,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,borix134,"This is a good engine.  The Lua script is clear and concise, and the overall layout of the engine is neat and dandy.  If you are serious about 3d indie game dev, grab it for a hundred, otherwise wait for a sale.  I only use it for learning, but if I intended to make money, I would pay the devs the money I saved when it was on sale.Pros:Lua, C++Royalty freeEasy to use$100Great interfaceCons:Promotional video uses Winodws 8. Gross."
,Recommended,251810,16348218,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,sprayer1706 | Flux,Good game development software. Although you dohave to use the beta version of the AMD drivers if using Amd
76561198223186312,Not Recommended,251810,21001597,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,German EZ bake-oven,"I don't have any clue why or how but whatever i do it wont let me start a product, can you fix this problem"
,Recommended,251810,28585240,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,♚MicroRaptor♚,"DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU ARE DOING!I reccomend you watch some tutorials or videos because this is extremely complicated.It is a very good engine, you just have to know what you are doing."
,Recommended,251810,20765051,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Suomis,"I had little to no experience with such programs before buying Leadwerks during the -80% sale. I had only used Source SDK back in 2009 but never really got into it and I have some experience with CAD-programs. Even with such limited experience, Leadwerks really made it easy to step into gamemaking because of the fantastic tutorials. I'm still a novice by all standards but I would've never thought learning would be so easy with the program. The Workshop feature makes it easy to download or buy user made content for your own use and from what I've understood, publishing games is also really easy. I have yet to try that out, though. Great tool, recommended."
76561198087933619,Not Recommended,251810,35038781,Posted: 17 September,all,Assailer,Created a box and a camera. While i clicked the resize knob of the box in the top-down view the application crashed on me with exception (there was no detail in that crash notification).... This should be pretty basic feature cmon!Any way to report the crash? Is the logfile/dump created somewhere?
76561198133046068,Recommended,251810,29795618,Posted: 8 February,all,EQUINOX,"one thing..I won't receive a Regret.good Software, good Engine."
76561198112713118,Recommended,251810,13366771,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SmoothSolid69,"I totally reccomend this software, it's a little confusing at first but I'm startin to figure it out. My one problem is I always get this pop-up the says EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION and then shuts down.Overall this game engine is the best you can get, unlike those other ones that are ""easy to use"" but end up being only coding. 50/10"
76561198110129660,Not Recommended,251810,23934864,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lawson.janice,"Unfortunately their is alot to learn and no help from anywhere to correctly show you how to use this software. The tutorials are just writen articles which are still extremely complex in terms of the terms ,such as ""Prefabs"" & ""Shaders"" etc. I you have experience in game development or know what your doing them this is a create software for you, but if you a beginner like myself it maybe suitable to say this is not for you and you should research into a more basic software to starty out with"
,Recommended,251810,14832325,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MY DESTINY IS MY OWN,"EDIT: Josh has replied to our comment :DHad a long talk with josh! Got tips from him on how to make my game run, and how to use lua (a bit) Been working a HUUUUGEE project with friends, going to try to get it running by the end of the year.Overall i'd rate this softwear 10/10 Easy to use and its pretty fun to make silly games with friends :DHere is my conversation with josh:mL// Targeting: Hey,Leadwerks Software: yomL// Targeting: Is there a third person view script?Leadwerks Software: I think there's a few in the WorkshopmL// Targeting: AlrightLeadwerks Software: and the forum has good infomL// Targeting: i love youmL// Targeting: pls respond plsLeadwerks Software: i love you tooThanks for reading my review! Hopefully you make the purchase and make lots and lots of games.WARNING: YOU WILL HAVE  A TON OF FUN NO MATTER WHAT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED."
,Not Recommended,251810,17390241,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ozzy goodwoman,
,Recommended,251810,14705842,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BeLuckyDaf,Very nice engine for indie developers.
,Recommended,251810,27682335,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,recce,Easy to learnandEasy to use
76561198119524249,Recommended,251810,13986718,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,ZTZ Reaper ZTZ,Very useful game development software.
76561197972162374,Recommended,251810,15734584,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SgtRomad,"I definitely like LW... its not to hard to use, and the results are stunning. One can't beat the price either, not to high, not to low, its just right. It only takes watching a few videos on it and one can start making a game, and one of very high quality graphics. I highly recommend LW to everyone!"
,Recommended,251810,15133316,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,realbriantorres,"Love it, I am planning on releasing a demo on gamejolt and the full on steam if it gets greenlit ;)."
76561198049076654,Recommended,251810,14748045,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,diltarget,"Its okay. I mean its not great but I got it at 66% off so for my money its a good value. Even at $100 it probably is still worth it. There is just not enough Linux supported software out there, even when they offer Linux versions."
,Recommended,251810,16247258,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Renation,Very simple engine and 100% compatibility with Blender. Good for new game creators and smal inide studios.
,Recommended,251810,13865940,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Void,"Super Easy to use.Excellent Tutorials that keep it interesting.FLOWGRAPHS.Buy it._____________Leadwerks is a light weight, but dense mass game engine.The GUI is great and shows you what you want and the things you need are usually only 1 click away.Helpful community and active Dev Team make this a no-brainer."
76561198142790065,Recommended,251810,13262444,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mr Green,leadwerks is really good so far but the devs have not put in all the features yet
76561198113094231,Recommended,251810,20738231,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,johnmc50,"I figured it out its not hard just takes  I tried to get help from other people on steam but they didn't know, so I went to you tube. and found the answer"
,Recommended,251810,22696185,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BranK,It works well but I can't find a single tutorial. The ones I do find are very outdated.
76561198029757361,Recommended,251810,20648703,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,LEGIT,"Does not take long to get to grips with a lot of the basics.Be warned though.This software wrecked my installation of Steam and would not be uninstalled. I had to close Steam using the task manager because it was convinced that Leadwerks was always running in the background - but it wasn't (it did not show up in the task manager either).The software became completely unusable. Even when I launched steam and didn't run the software, Steam still thought it was running in the background and would not close.Even resetting the computer or clearing the Steam Cache did not resolve the bug.See below for my fix."
,Recommended,251810,13095258,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,UMBGaming,me and my freinds are working on a game using this engine :D its worked well so far. 9.9/10
76561197983708313,Recommended,251810,13734114,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ultimate Mayhem,this engine is great but i'm haveing some probelms installing workshop items..... can someone maybe help me? ( if i install a workshop items nothing happends... i also tried closesing the game engine like in the video.)
,Recommended,251810,16190457,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The Gucci Man,Not for the noob but definitly something worth trying if your just curious and want to play around.  MUCH cheaper than MAYA.
76561197975974379,Recommended,251810,14982595,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Harlequin,"ceided to try the engine again after a few months in the hope the AMD driver issue had been rectified....Nope.Tried the deveopment branch of the engine....aslo a Nope.So I am writing this now (insead of fooling around with the engine....Graphically pretty and it uses OpenGL 4 (which means cross platform support is possible).The engine has not worked since December 2014/Jan 2015 due to AMD graphics driver issues (fix  is downgrade your driver). While you can blame AMD for their more rubbish than usual drivers, other software companies seem to work around it.Documentation is limited and makes reference to API functions that are nolonger supported(older versions)I liked this engine when it worked as it is easy to use (i don't the choice of LUA as the scripting language though) and it's quick to get results.***UPDATE***Murphy's law, I reviwe the software the day the Beta driver comes out.......So the latest BETA driver from AMD fixed the issue, can't say I am too happy about waiting so long, but at least it's fixed.On the matter of the forums not being friendly and helpful, I have found them to always be so, additionaly the developer is very helpful."
,Recommended,251810,17700659,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Tidreit,The software looks good and it has potential.
,Recommended,251810,13746032,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rödluvann,PLS HELP ! did build a map and did restart it almost everything did go away but not all pls help :/
,Recommended,251810,14655480,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,IAmMrDavid,"Great engine.  Spent a day of my life in this, don't have anything to show for it.9/10 would make a game again.No seriously, great engine."
,Recommended,251810,13661777,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,thatcppguy,This is one of the best engines I have used
76561198249572102,Not Recommended,251810,20774803,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Spodermen,doesnt work you need the perfect computer for it so before you buy do your research onwhat computer works with it
,Recommended,251810,13445091,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Markus,"dec. 2014the demo 3.2 was great and fun and easy to use.after bought, 3.3 can't start,errors,blue screen^^.ok, update amd driver. now error in c runtime. fuuuugoto forum read amd 14.9 (one year old driver) only works. uninstall/install ...arrr waste some hours with it ...now i can use this engine ...the fbx import is not easy ...(i using the build in editor + shade 13 now)fit shape did not get the size after resize a box ^^(after reload map it does)viewport scroll bar not realtime and scroll out of view in one step^^(middle mouse scroll better)collision shape is not transparent^^(i don't care yet)bug in list selection, sometimes the leftmouse button did not select^^(click here click there or reload solved it^^)material clear button clear textbox but material appear again after reselect model^^(some kind of inheritance)3d selection in perspective window select top hirachie object (all) not the clicked object^^(also big planes must have a tiled mesh or they hide other objects on it)crash grame at physics part if set a box to 100 kg^^(ground plane had height y=0 at auto fit, must >0)the whole editor crashed if i resize a wall (used prefab wall as template).(name problem, 2 of the same names confused editor) BUG FIXEDmap creation, scene treeview can not add folder for better overview.(pivots as group workaround bring 10 problems/bugs more...)""hi""-poly models are a problem.(need low-poly)my feelings after the first days, its a half-baked product ...but i solved all problems.after some days and much stones in my way i have a small map with buildings & terrain,can shot monsters, can open doors, walk inside and up/down stairs.... the scene tree view need improvements ...... the 3d import need improvements ..... the flow graph need improvements ...now i using latest beta because fixes ..... beta need some bug fixes ...... the much important improvements are still missing ...alternate engines unity5, unreal4 (from March 2015 without monthly fee!),cry,shiva1.9... oct. 20151. collision poly shape (from a workshop content) was ok in preview but saved wrong. arrggg.2. from a workshop content the path inside had a wrong reference (no validation at install),3d object was visible in design and invisible at runtime^^aug. 2017 new product 5.xx"
,Recommended,251810,13704023,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ass Barbarian,"This is very easy to use and helps you understand the basics, but if anyone can help me the AI that I make do not move at all everything else works..."
,Recommended,251810,21881508,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TheRainwildsKeeper,Add support for Vulkan API please.
,Recommended,251810,8912543,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ScrotieFlapWack,"I've used UE4, CryENGINE, Unity and many others but nothing comes close to this. The main selling point is that the community is so helpful. The developers of this engine really like to mingle with their customers, which is a very big plus.Not to mention the royalty free licence!!!!The price for the engine and the quality is simply amazing. If you are starting out in games or have even used other engines I would highly recommend this. Such a fun tool to use, very easy to learn for somebody who has never used a game engine before. You will literally be up and running in no less than an hour. It's a great entry step and in the hands of a professional you can make some seriously impressive stuff!There is some minor things which I would like to see such as PBR support, GI for lighting, vertex painting, etc.With constant updates on the engine all the time the things I mentioned above will most probably be obselete in no time :PAmazing engine and I am very pleased I picked this up :D"
,Not Recommended,251810,34367970,Posted: 20 August,all,lx-198226,"when I opened the First Person Shooter,there is not have The greenfigure,why?onlytwo box?where is the  FPS controller map?your tutorial is to simple and crude,I dont know how to use  FPSplayer prefab?I am in china,I can not see your Videos,I cant use youtube,can you send Videos in another way to me?"
,Recommended,251810,30972291,Posted: 5 April,all,Gamin The Raidin,Its Good But A Little Hard To Use :P
76561198140640885,Not Recommended,251810,13198560,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,rundxof,"It's not good! Because it crashes (ACCESS_VIOLATION) every time I try to create a new project, or load existing one, or even make any kind of simple action with scenes and models. This program has to be BUG FIXED, TESTED and then to be sold... I will request my money back!"
76561198026830918,Not Recommended,251810,22477141,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Tom Marvolo Riddle,"This is for people who don't know how to create a game. complete noobs like me.I bought this and i tried it for 3 hours, then i got tired of it and stopped working with it.100€ wasted for me, its probably not a bad program, but nothing for people who don't know what there doing"
76561197979834900,Not Recommended,251810,32629557,Posted: 21 June,all,[USEF]Rottom®,"I cannot suggest this. not because of it being infunctional, but do to the fact you can play on what you made but no other person can tried publishing to steam, no go threw the very broken game launcher, tried stand alone broken do to it not doing anything on anyone elses machine. PURCHASE AT YOUR OWN RISK.."
,Not Recommended,251810,24160815,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,info_player_smart,"Good thing I got this on sale, so at least I didn't blow $100 out of my pocket on this garbage. Since I was used to Hammer editor for the Source engine, I recall there being a claim somewhere in one of the official videos for this that said ""If you're used to the Hammer editor, you'll feel right at home with Leadwerks,"" which, at first was a selling point for me, and when it was on sale for $20, I was excited to get into this program. Once I opened it up, I was expecting to be able to do at least something with my prior knowledge. Nope. This program took everything I knew how to do and threw it out the window.. I was expecting similar controls to Hammer, but I couldn't move the 2D or 3D views at all. Do not buy this unless you are completely new or you aren't a creature of habit.I got a refund the day after I purchased."
,Not Recommended,251810,32583797,Posted: 19 June,all,Bleeding me dry entertainment,Why are the textures missing? I can't get this dam engine to work!
,Not Recommended,251810,33636879,Posted: 18 July,all,FrankieTheSkin,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198217167404,Recommended,251810,22634449,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fb||Picou,"In one word : AMAZING !I'm a newbie in game development and after 2 hours of tutorials, I knew :  put the skybox, sculpt, paint the floor, put assets on the ground, manipulate them (rotate, scale them, etc...).I think that if you want to put many assets on your scene (like trees), Leadwerks is made for you !  you can do it with no problem ! I covered the map with trees, then I played : any problem !CONS :- it's not easy to put water on your map...Water is always at the same level...I think it's a feature that will be developed in the future (I read that).- You can't dig like others softwares...11/10"
76561198031409448,Recommended,251810,28543150,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Brutile,"I've been using Leadwerks for a few years now and I must say, it has a lot of potential. I really like the pricing model and I think it's great value for the price. It's great for both new and experienced game developers. You can create some really atmospheric games with its lighting and shadows, and with the addition of post-processing effects, like bloom and SSAO.It does a lot of things right, but would I recommend it for professional projects?...No. I just couldn't recommend it for any commercial project. It's not ready for that yet, in my opinion. I think it relies too much on the default game template. A blank project just doesn't feel like the start of something new and different. You feel like your only choice is to make first person games with a human protagonist. When you try to go outside its bounds, you find yourself running into complications that you'd expect to be commonplace in a game engine. But if you intend on making a walking simulator or first person puzzle game, you should be fine for the most part.TLDR;I highly recommend it for small projects and prototypes, but not for commercial projects."
,Not Recommended,251810,20339244,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Keeny,need add chinese for this software.
,Not Recommended,251810,8836504,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Shirk,"With even having to pay money for this engine in the current age, I can already not recommend it. Sure, not paying royalties for the engine is nice, but really, what would 5% royalty be if you actually went through and developed a game, on a much better engine like UE4.Leadwerks lacks a fundamental amount of features for proper game development, and definitely can not compete against engines such as Unreal Engine 4, Unity 5, or Lumberyard.I definitely do not recommend this engine for anyone but small engine hobbyists, if you are serious about making a game, and ever want to work in the industry, then do not use this engine, you are doing a diservice to yourself."
