user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251990,12587423,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,IronTsunami,"I am a pretty, pretty princess!  When trying to become Queen I got stabbed, shot, poisoned, burned to a crisp, and rule 34ed Japan style.10 out of 10, would die again.Long Live the Queen is a Visual Novel game that, instead of trying to simply win the hearts of others and fall in love, you try to survive the horrors of royal life with your head intact.  Of course, it doesn't help when everyone is a bloodthirsty murderer who's only desire is to bring forth the death of a fourteen year-old girl.  Seriously, what the hell is wrong with them?You take the role of Princess Elodie, who needs to be trained to be a proper queen because Disney dictates that no princess is allowed to have a living mother.  You end up making all the decisions because your father is a lazy bum who's shirked off all of his responsibilities, but for some reason won't let you have your mother's keepsake.  The kingdom is a mess, everyone is evil, and no matter what you do you just can't seem to save this poor little traumatized girl.The mechanics of the game play on themselves in a bit of a cycle.  You can upgrade Elodie's stats; which can increase slowly or rapidly based on her mood; which is based on events that have happened; which are based on your choices as well as her stats; which are upgraded accordingly based on her mood; which is ba-- ah you get the idea.  This means that every decision, even the first one, can drastically affect how the story unfolds.  No two games are alike, unless you purposefully do everything in the exact same way every time.  But that's boring.Because of the above mentioned do-it-all-the-same concept, you can technically beat the game as many times as you like after you find out how to do it once.  But beating the game is not where this game shines.  Sure, acquiring the crown and becoming Queen Elodie is a grand event in itself; only if you get there (because you will die, and die a lot).  But one of the greatest things about this game is the ability to make different choices every time and see where it leads you.  Find out what is down each path and discover what you can and can't get away with.  And more importantly, unlock all the outfits because they're cute.  Proper wardrobe is the pinnacle detail between ratty princesses and pristine queens.All in all, it is a great game and I'd recommend it to anyone.Wait... you can learn magic?  HELLZ YEAH!"
,Recommended,251990,10546879,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fuuko,"The first time I played this game I died fairly deep into it because I had not properly leveled decorating like a good princess.  It only got better from there.  I tried a perfect princess, died.  I tried a warrior queen, died.  I tried a mix, a little Sansa a little Aria, I died.  By the time I finally won the game I had sunk invading fleets, executed half my family and awoken something evil in the dark and deep, and I was beloved by all those still alive.Simply put the game is amazing and you should get it."
76561198016207066,Recommended,251990,13018900,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MR. RAGE,ELODIE WHY WOULD YOU PUSH AN ARROW DEEPER INTO THE WOUND TO REMOVE IT I KNOW YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT BATTLEFIELD MEDICINE BUT RAMMING SOMETHING POINTY INTO YOUR ORGANS DOES NOT MAKE THE WOUND BETTER IT MAKES YOU DIE FASTER.
,Recommended,251990,7742192,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ninja Cow,"Despite its girly appearances, the game involves a lot of strategy, and thinking to help the princess live, gain reputation, and overall being a great queen. You make choices that effect the story and various paths to discover and explore (Its possible to complete the game with nothing in combat). However, one event at the end can not be changed no matter what choices you choose which causes the game to be somewhat linear. The music was diverse and amazing in my opinion and helped set the tone of the game depending on the situation. Gameplay could have been better for example more scenes, and backgrounds. If you enjoy visual novels, this is a great game for you.However, I feel the price of the game is a bit too much for the amount of gameplay and would recommend waiting till it goes on sale if you plan on purchasing the game."
,Recommended,251990,16356180,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Arcana,">notice the ""learn about dogs"" skill option>i love dogs in real life so i'm immediately sold>spend the next 30+ weeks doing absolutely nothing besides learning about dogs and playing alone with my toys>other leaders see me as""weak""and""unfit to rule"">they demand that i step down from power>i refuse>a civil war breaks out>i quickly lose and wind up becoming a servant for the rest of my lifeeveryone's just upset since i know more about dogs than they do"
,Recommended,251990,12225905,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,"MINOR SPOILERSE is for Elodie, sad and alone,E is for Elodie, the heir to the throne,E is for Elodie, Lumen and strong,E is for Elodie, evil all along,E is for Elodie, pride and joy,E is for Elodie, black-hearted toy,E is for Elodie, Saver of SoulsE is for Elodie, betrayer of all,E is for Elodie, who could never swim,E is for Elodie, Unfit and not prim.E is for Elodie, Lost to the Deep,E is for Elodie, whose secrets are meek,E is for Elodie, Warrior mighty,E is for Elodie, not meant for fighting,E is for Elodie, The greatest of hearts.E is for Elodie, all alone in the dark,E is for Elodie, the struggle to live,E is for Elodie, No more money to give.E is for Elodie, Courage unseen,E is for ElodieLONG LIVE THE QUEEN!"
,Recommended,251990,10881607,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kotei,"Dear diary.Today i tried to be a princess,and failed miserably."
,Recommended,251990,9136077,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL:DR? See ConclusionINTRODUCTION:Long Live The Queen is an indie visual novel sporting the anime art style with the choice and decision system of a political intrigue game.You play as Elodie, a 14-year-old princess who is to be crowned Queen of Nova. Play the game of politics where assassinations and threats of death are a daily occurrence. Be a skilled diplomat, a military leader, a powerful sorcerer or a little bit of all in your road to the throne.PROS:+ Art Style: -(This is subjective) Having the anime look will have the ""you either love it or hate it"" effect from people. Some people like it, some people don't. I personally like it.+ Planning Ahead/Consequence System: -This game does require the player to plan in advance by having a massive amount of attributes and skills that can be learned and mastered in a very limited way. Different players will have different skill sets depending on how they play through the game. Thinking ahead is a necessity to stay alive.+ Mood System: -You can only advance your skills through tutoring and schooling, unfortunately however, how well you level up and progress is dependent entirely on your character's mood. (example: Anger = Gives bonus to lessons with regards to Military and Weapon Expertise but has corresponding penalties to Royal Demeanor and Expression.)+ Good Difficulty: -Easy enough to learn but hard to master. I takes at least 2-3 playthroughs to get a general feel of the game but multiple playthroughs are recommended. This game requires experimentation and attention to detail to effectively win.CONS:- Way too short: -I finished this game under 5 hours in my original gameplay (including deaths, and restarts). This game is suffering from the same flaw as I saw on Recettear since the main campaign is just too short. I think the developers could have added more complexity in the game as well as extend the campaign past your coronation period. It would have been nice to continue playing as the ""Queen"" after said coronation.- Events not Random: -Though some events are triggered only by specific skills you possess at that time, all events relating to the main quest are virtually the same. This actually encourages the player to learn from his mistakes and try not to do it the next time around. Note that deaths in this game are instant game overs.- Not as Deep as I thought it would be: -I expected a level of political intrigue including empire management, army management, family and court management, but unfortunately this game only delivers the basics of those.CONCLUSION:GOOD BUT NOT FOR EVERYONE. I personally am satisfied with the game so I'm going to RECOMMEND it.Patience is a very important consideration if you are planning on buying this game. If you're the type who doesn’t want to do a lot of thinking and just want a casual experience, this game is not for you. If you're the type of gamer who likes life-sims, visual novels and enjoy choosing your own adventure, then this is game deserves your attention.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/"
,Recommended,251990,11066219,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Hearts,"Oh hey, it's the chocolate. I've heard about the chocolate. Better not eat the chocolate.Wait why are you eating the chocolateno elodie nowhy"
,Recommended,251990,7757404,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Serphius,"This game looks super Anime and pretty thin on actual gameplay at first. Then comes the killing.You will die. Somehow or another, you will get your beautiful princess skilled up in Dance or whatever, fail a check, and take an arrow to the chest. Or get killed by poisonous food. Or stabbed by a crazy person.While it's not some fantastic hack-n-slash game, this is a basic text-based, skill-sheck game that is highly addictive. Even after beating it once, you'll want to go through again to try a different way of building up your princess and her skills. It's really a graphical novel with a strangely addictive, violent twist to it. Become a master of espionage or a ruthless, tyrannical queen! Kill, kill, kill!Well worth a look, especially if you can get it on special."
,Recommended,251990,11701556,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,ginga_bishonen,"This game ruined my life.I bought it on a whim and I died horribly. Big whoop, right? But by the time I died it was too late. The main character was ""my"" princess and I just had to see it through. I thought: ""I'll keep playing until I beat it. Then that's it."" I was wrong. So wrong.I knew there were multiple ways to win and I got curious. I played with stats, seeing the new opportunities they offered. I started to minmax. I HATE minmaxing.One day I realized I've clocked over a hundred hours and I still want all the achievements. I HATE achievements. What's happening to me? ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198000418837,Recommended,251990,12644623,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Blue Beetle,"A fun game if you like story and dialouge strategy. The title is misleading, however, as it is rare that the queen lives long at all."
,Recommended,251990,12894850,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,HarmlessBreeze,Spend everyday training to get dem mad gainzPut down peasant revolutionMastering all sorts of arcane knowledgeDeath by chocolateG.G.
,Recommended,251990,14094555,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cyberdelika,"Dear Gwenelle,Ha! I mean Duchess of Sudbury! I am actually trying to work on my royal demeanor, I swear, okay? Life is just so crazy! My moods are so erratic lately.Sorry I can’t make it to your party! My reflexes and archery skills are way below 50, Lore is just sooo much more interesting.. and bandits are everywhere. I even had this bad dream about traveling, and even though I’m not 100% sure it was related to your party, I’m going to stay on the safe side. I’m sure you understand, though, right? I’m sure you would prefer receiving presents from your ALIVE friend rather than, well, not.Yeah, okay so I know you *might* not trust me because of that other timeline where I held Lottie hostage… but I had my reasons, okay!? I’m sure you know how it feels when everyone is judging you and you’re just like ah, how am I supposed to feel -Pressured?!It’s hard being our age and in charge of so much stuff. But hey, at least I sided with you when I *did* go to your party that other time!Do you have timelines or are you just.. like.. stuck? That would suck. OMG, I hope you have more than one outfit! O_OAnother reason I hate not being able to go to your party this time (because every time feels fresh, okay? my room is always just the way I left it..)  is because I really wanted to pick up Briony!! All of her letters were annoying at first but we’re lovers in another timeline. Isn’t that sweet?!? So I figured I could get some early action. ^_^  Nothing with a squid, though! I told you about that poem, right? Sometimes I thought was hilarious, sometimes I just got angry about it.. have you gotten anything like that? Just wondering…I might be +Lonely about not being able to go to your party, but you should be +Cheerful about the presents I sent you!Don’t worry, they’re not chocolates. I would have sent you some apples from my garden—they’re so delicious they’re known to be stolen!—but I would hate to send you—my friend, a duchess—an apple beaten-up by travel. So when the roads are safer you can just come here and we can have all the delicious apples we want, and even play with toys just like old times!  Ps xf dbo krtu pru. ^_^Oh, and to answer your question, I have no idea why my dad doesn’t have a top lip. Like, sure, keeping a stiff upper lip is sound advice. But he just doesn’t have one in the first place!Your friend,ElodieP.S. My handwriting is worse than Adair’s, but who cares?! I funded the printing press!"
76561198024970048,Not Recommended,251990,8065069,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Chiquihuite,"<UPDATED 1/23/2014 - I got a bit passionate in my original review. In fairness to Hanako's hard work, I've made some updates to be more objective and offer better context.>As someone who loves both deep strategy games and the cutesy anime aesthetic, I was super excited after seeing the trailer for LLTQ. This game has SO much potential to be great, and for the first few hours it was.The Good:-Love the art and music-The process of fiddling with your skills and moods and such is initially pretty fun-I love the flavor text that accompanies all your class activities. It's really immersive going through the ""process"" of learning skills in that level of detail.-Skill checks allow for lots of ""little victories"" that feel good, and the game makes it clear when you benefit from having the right skill. Elodie gets to have a lot of cool moments if you picked certain skills ""correctly"".The Bad:-It's difficult to figure out what ""mood"" I need to be in to get the right bonuses for the skills I want. UI could've been a lot better in this respect.-Despite the wonderful buffet of choices offered in the UI, the game's strategy is actually very shallow. Most of these choices only affect optional story events and have no tangible impact on whether or not you win. Depending on your dialogue choices, it's possible to win with only 2 of the game's 42 skills leveled up.-Because of the lack of meaningful skill choices, players who are interested in working out different strategies to win may quickly find themselves bored.-The entire sequence of events happens on a fixed timeline, and unless you opt in to certain risks (whose rewards only affect your epilogue, and not your goal of surviving), you won't see much variation between playthroughs.Did I mention a huge number of the skills are useless? What's that? You leveled up Horse Riding? Too bad, there's only one (optional) event in the entire game where it does anything. There's actually a discussion thread on the LLTQ community where people are debating which skill is the most useless, and there are many strong candidates to choose from...Conclusion:As a strategy enthusiast, I'm disappointed with how this game turned out. The trailer makes it sound like there are numerous paths to victory, but that's based mainly on narrative choices and has little to do with your skills. I geeked out like crazy when I first saw the skill list, thinking of all the different ways I could play and the hours I could spend delving into strategy. Securing victory through trade, warfare, treachery, magic... But most of the skills are only useful for unlocking fluffy side story events. If you're a completionist who's really into tracking down all those little events and collecting the achievements, it'll probably work for you, but sadly it did not work for me.It's a shame. There's so much I liked about this game. Hanako is quite talented and clearly put a lot of work into the game's strategy elements. I feel like if they'd spent a bit more time fleshing out those choices and making them meaningful, it would have been a hit for me. Maybe next time? =/"
,Recommended,251990,7619059,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Tutty The Fruity,"For me this game has everything I like (historiographical storytelling, world building through political intrigue, magical girls and a protag who loves pink and clothes). For everyone else, this is one of the best VN you can get for its price on Steam, and is a vast improvement over Magical Diary in every facet. There are a ton of ways to play the game and it's an absolute delight to balance classes and activities to optimize learning... the epilogue might be my favourite part of the game. So much to do and see in this game, cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,251990,16099774,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tom,"Long Live The Queen was a surprise for me. I didn't expect to enjoy it but in the end, I had a lot of genuine fun playing.The main mechanics in the game use moods to learn different school subjects. You pick two classes each week to take, each class raises your skill in the subject your picked. The events which you run into throughout the game (you get one event each week) are all virtually the same, but the outcome of each event depends on how you react and what classes you have been taking.There are no fancy visual effects of musical scores apart from the over played British national anthem, the character designs are very pretty, even if they are a little cringey at times for a young girl to be wearing those outfits (anime eh). There is plenty of replayability in Long Live The Queen, I have done a number of different scenarios and runs and I have put almost seven hours into it, each time ending differently.I would totally recommend this game to anyone, even if you aren't a fan of anime (like me); the price is £6, 99 which for a game like this, is worth it. If you get it on sale, you have yourself a bargain.http://store.steampowered.com/app/251990If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/"
,Recommended,251990,12953983,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Capt_Mingle,"Beat it on second try by accident, ticked off many friends 10/10"
,Recommended,251990,16417199,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Video Graham,"I came in expecting magical-girl, anime-princess codswallop but, instead, I got Rose of Versailles: The Game. Colour me impressed."
,Recommended,251990,10866948,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Raimu Bito ~,In Dark Souls you die and you born again. In Long Live the Queen you die FOREVER
76561198057222994,Recommended,251990,12602498,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Shad Shadington,"I executed some dudes, got countless soldiers killed, hired a random girl that juggles daggers, dissapointed my father and then got shot by bandits while going to a birthday party.10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,251990,11040983,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Arturia",Loli death simulator
,Recommended,251990,14398126,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MorningSTAR-αΩ,"Long Live the Queen, Or, ""The game that would had happened if George RR Martin was an anime fan"" or ""that one game where you must teach your princess common sense or else she wll die of food poisoning"".The plot is simple, you play as either an advisor to the princess or the princess herself, her mother just died and its apperent that she left a power vaccum in the land of the living. Elodie, the princess, in a simplified take on how royalty works is next in line for the then, but there's the catch, she's almost a year too young to take the crown.The task here is to teach ehr the skills she needs to becoem a proper queen which includes such things as Animal Training, Art, Dance, Song, Running, Sports, Gymastics, Medicine, Espionage and Magic. Yes, Magic.Along the way you must protect her form assassins, chocolates, psyco relatives, a commoner revolution, chocolates, a civil war, a forest that would make the Everfree pale in comparison, chocolates, sorcerers, chocolates, a sea monster and chocolate. Failure to do so will be a Game Over and will treat you to a humourous chibi carcature of the associated death. Her mood and wardrobe will determine how much knowedge she gets in a skill so any sudden mood swings will throw off your curriculumThe trick here is to know what skill are needed to avoid certain doom or pass checks needed to help her earn the crown. You will die a lot, you will save a lot and you will reload saves when you inevitably die a lot, primarely to chocolates, arrows, psycotic relatives, chocolate and the odd tentacle.I'd give it a 10/5. If you like Visual Novels, Game of Thrones, A Song of Ice and Fire, Princess Maker or Chocolate then I do recomend playing this game.PS. Beware the chocolate"
,Recommended,251990,11075102,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[nBn] Beebs,"My ultra-paranoid warlord princess had the keen military intellect of all of history's greatest generals combined, and could likely have waged war on Asgard itself and won. She declared war on every nation that existed and had a man executed for daring to suggest a peaceful reunion between their nations. Her skill with the sword was unsurpassed, and not a single foreign royal could even bat an eyelid without her knowing of it, and having five separate plans to make them pay. Bards sang songs of her conquests, children feared her, the mere whisper of her name could send battle-hardened soldiers crying home.And then she ate poisoned chocolates, and died."
,Recommended,251990,7660103,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Sinic,i tried commanding a naval fleet but drowned because i didn't know how to swim
,Recommended,251990,13125683,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:+Several possible endings and events, requiring multiple playthroughs+You're a princess+Eat chocolate and die+Make the servant eat the chocolate and die+Complete, skillful voice acting+In depth branching story+Supported cheats for when you're tired of getting too close to swords.+Casual, easy-to-learn gameplay++No bugs, crashes, immersion breaking glitches, etc.Cons:-You die.  A lot.  Or at least I do.-Plays a bit like a well-developed flash game.+To be fair, it is an exceptionally well developed flash game.Overall:Yes, it's a glorified flash game.  Yes, the gameplay is simplistic.  But the storyline is actually very intriguing once you get into it.  There are achievements for creative ways to die.  It's just... fun.  It's not particularly hard, nor is it just easy.  But I really enjoyed this game, which is more than I can say of some others.  I think it's definitely worth the buy.Bottom Line:There's really only one standard I use to buy games: Is it fun?  The answer to this is definitely ""yes"" for Long Live The Queen."
76561198138520129,Recommended,251990,16532702,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vlinna,You can't spell Elodie without Die.
,Recommended,251990,9257186,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Knight-hart,"its like dark souls, except with less anime."
,Recommended,251990,10960625,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RustyJaeger,I will start my review......after i eat this chocolate.
,Recommended,251990,7605134,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,マジレズ✰Shadow,"YOU GOTTA BE THE VERY BESTTHAT NO QUEEN EVER WASTO BUILD YOUR SKILLS IS YOUR REAL TESTTO DEFEND YOUR KINGDOM IS YOUR CAUUUUSEYOU DON'T REALLY TRAVEL ACROSS THE LAND,SEARCHING FAR AND WIDEBUT EACH SKILL YOU NEED TO UNDERSTANDTHE POWER THAT THEY HIDELONG LIVE THE QUEEN!GOTTA RAISE EM AAALLLIT'S YOU AND A BUNCH OF PEOPLEWE KNOW IT'S YOUR DESTINYLONG LIVE THE QUEEN!OHH, YOU HAVE NO FRIENDSIN A KINGDOM YOU MUST DEFENDLONG LIVE THE QUEEN!YOUR SKILLS SO TRUEYOUR COURAGE MIGHT PULL YOU THROUGH (IF IT'S HIGH ENOUGH)YOU TEACH YOU AND YOU TEACH YOULONG LIVE THE QUEEEEN!GOTTA RAISE EM ALL(GOTTA RAISE EM ALL)LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!"
76561198107907250,Recommended,251990,26932147,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rorouni42,"Okay, listen.I bought this game on sale for a lark.  I mean, who wouldn't want to spend a few dollars playing a classic princess trainer where your main goal is not getting assassinated?  I did not anticipate how in-depth this game actually was.  I felt like all of my choices were important, but no single one was the cause of my demise.  Eventually I became more invested than anticipated.  Soon, I WAS Elodie and she was me and we were a terrifying force to reckon with.  I am a benevolent princess who will show mercy to misguided subjects, but I am no fool.  If you do not take kindly to my mercy, you shall fear the hellfire I control at my magical-girl fingertips.  If you will not bow in respect, then you shall quake in fear.Sadly my magic was not strong enough to defeat an entire navy....this time.Bonus suggestion:Try getting a group of friends together and playing in ""democracy mode.""  Everyone has to debate and vote on all decisions in Elodie's upbringing.  Then, when no one listens to you, blame them for the princesses death!  Family fun for all!"
,Recommended,251990,13928679,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Freelance Autist,Loli Hitler Simulator.
,Recommended,251990,12770634,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bill Clinton,This game is slowly ruining my life.
,Recommended,251990,32733094,Posted: 24 June,all,Eltanin,"The one and only Elodie-you-dumb-idiot simulator.A surprisingly engaging raising game whose artstyle deceives you into thinking the game would be an easy experience to blitz through.Guide Princess Elodie the queen-to-be, as youtryand keep her alive from themanydangers that comes with governing a country as royalty during her days towards her own coronation ceremony. Keyword being:try... Well... she's going to die... a lot... Poor Elodie.Good luck."
76561197986902042,Not Recommended,251990,12910030,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Stormo,"Long Live the Queen is fun in a way. I'm not giving it a negative review because it isn't... and I'm sure it appeals to the people who like putting cute girls in different uniforms, but Long Live The Queen's gameplay is pure, sheer trial-and-error. You spend your days in the castle, developing skills and learning how to be a good queen. Of course, Elodie can't be good at everything, so you have to pick which skills to develop and which to leave alone. This is all nice in itself, if it weren't for the fact that the game keeps killing Elodie in more and more contrived ways, and every time this happens, it's because the player didn't develop some kind of obscure skill enough. Which means you have to - and this is no exaggeration - play a few weeks until you die, then load your save again and gear all your skill points toward preventing that death. You need to do this every time. What's the point of playing a game if I have to die over and over again and can only prevent it by save-scumming and using foreknowledge?Decided to train Elodie to work with falcons rather than dogs? Too bad, because for some reason a high Dogs skill is all that can prevent you from being poisoned. It gets worse. You get challenged to a duel, and since you've got a good lot of skill points in swords, you confidently accept - only to see Elodie getting run through because whoops, the game decides to test against Athletics instead! I went to assist my troops to fight a naval battle, but did you think the game would check my (almost-maxed) Naval Strategy skill? Nope. Instead, it tests against Climbing and Meditation. Naval Strategy isn't even checked once. It does check against swimming, but haha, did you think being decent at it was enough? Nope, sleepy time with the fishes for you! Get challenged to a duel? You die because your Composure wasn't high enough and you, for some reason, decide to charge the inhumanly powerful mage that just obliterated your father.Yeah, Hanako Games, I know replayability is a good thing, but try doing it in less cheap and lazy ways next time. A game like Vlad the Impaler, which gives you choices in crisis scenarios and then tests against your stats, does it right. Your game, which railroads crisis situations and then decided to test against a single skill, does not."
,Recommended,251990,30027994,Posted: 18 February,all,Big Mara Inc,*Becomes a magical girl that can literally blast someone into the nth dimension with magic**dies by an arrow*I enjoy the reality behind this game
,Recommended,251990,8616592,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Being queen isn't all it's cracked up to be. For all the fame, fortune, and limitless invitations to balls, there are assassination attempts to fight off, rebelling commoners, war barking at the boarders, and an endless stream of plots to steal your crown. All of this and more is what awaits Elodie, the queen to be, as the impromptu death of her mother accelerates her path to the monarchy inLong Live the Queen, a game that is anything but what it appears.The most important thing to know about LLtQ is that it isn't a girly diversion devoid of strategy and intended solely for would be princesses to live out their fantasies. On the contrary it is an absolutely brutal challenge of wits! Your time is split between taking classes and dealing with the day-to-day events that befall a queen, both of which are intimately woven together and require a keen knowledge to predict the outcome of the choices you make.As you progress through the game you shape Eldodie into a princess of your choosing by way of the various skills you aquire by taking classes. You can only learn so much before push comes to shove and you need to put your skills into action, and finding the balance in it all is where the strategy really comes into play. By manipulating your mood you can gain bonuses to different skills, boosting the amount of skill points you earn in a session, which further adds another layer you need to pay attention to in order to succeed (or even survive).It is all but a certainty that you will die many, many times before you make it to your coronation, however death in LLtQ isn't a gameover but just taking a wrong path at one point, and is intended to be a learning experience above all else. Because events typically unfold in a similar way each time, your main goal is to pick and choose which skills to upgrade in a timely manner in order to succeed and push onto the next plot point. Should you fail you can reload a save and try again with new tactics, or start over from scratch and plan your path in a whole different direction.The freedom coupled with the inherent linearity is an odd combo but what I love so much about the game. It doesn't change so much that you can't easily plan for future events, but allows a lot of variation for different outcomes which gives a lot of replay value for those so inclined as to seek out the different endings.It is also my biggest complaint about the game however, as for all its freedom it does a poor job telling you how to use it and leaves you floundering in the dark trying to find the perfect combo. Getting a ""good"" ending and seeing Elodie crowned is far harder to do than you would likely expect, and repeatedly dying with only vague mentions of what you did wrong and how to change it can be very disheartening and will likely put many off early on as they are still trying to work out how everything fits. I'm all for letting the player find the answers for themselves, but a bit more guidance would have been much appreciated for all the times I failed in ways that seemed no fault of my own.But even with the bothersome lack of direction LLtQ is still an extremely addictive and original game, one that immediately sucked me in and kept me hook for hours at a time. It would be easy to get the wrong idea of the game from the screenshots, but I imagine many would be pleasantly surprised if they gave it a chance. The music is lovely and the artwork very nice, with a clean cut design and humorous, engaging writing that makes it hard not to fall in love with Elodie and the other characters around her.I have never played a game quite likeLong Live the Queen, and hope to see more original titles like this popping up on Steam soon. If you are even the slightest bit interested don't turn away after the first impression, it has a lot more depth than I think anyone would expect, and is a wholly refreshing and enjoyable experience that most any should enjoy whether they have ever dreamed of being the prettiest princess or not!You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Recommended,251990,32882209,Posted: 27 June,all,Professor P,"I thought I was lucky, until I realized that I was enraptured in civil war.11/10 Don't forget to study internal affairs"
,Recommended,251990,13643275,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Claireton,NO ELODIE. PUSHING AN ARROW FURTHER INTO YOUR BODY NEVER HAS OR EVER WILL MAKE THINGS BETTER
,Recommended,251990,14785275,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Evangaylion,"Maxed Poison so poison chocolate didn't kill me.Maxed Strategy and Naval Strategy.Maxed fighting and magic.Get into civil war.Crush the rebels.Get into another war. Kill the king in a duel.Week 39 a mob is outside my castle.Burn a few of them""Nova is stable""Wut10/10 would be a kawaii tsundere again"
76561198093908798,Recommended,251990,19321902,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BrainBytes,Some kid challenged me to a sword duel. I vaporized him on the spot with my level 100 magic.I'm a pretty princess.
,Recommended,251990,13912148,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,IncrediBull Pizza,I mastered the most ancient and powerful magic. I could resist arcane chain from strangling me and drop down a meteor on formidable enemy army.Then I ate a chocolate.
,Recommended,251990,8885202,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,shirigaruonna!,Finally a game that let's me be the beautiful anime princess I've always dreamed I could be 100/10
,Recommended,251990,12758181,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Captain Scoresby,Most replay value in a visual novel I have encountered thus far. Must... die... more... ways......
,Recommended,251990,30446184,Posted: 11 March,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Demise ♡,Dress up and try not to dieEnd up dying by eating chocolates
,Recommended,251990,23719814,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nyx,> wanted to become benevolent Queen> mastered economics to invest in printing press and let country prosper.> mastered medicine to invest in building a hospital and improve living conditions.> mastered court manners and public speaking to be a smooth talking Queen and win over masses.> mastered military tactics and espionage to be a responsible and savvy leader.> mastered magic to become OP mage> became ruthless expansionist leader hell-bent on making Nova great again> tries ditching magic and military in exchange for history and faith to become benevolent Queen> ends up becoming anti-magic fascist and literally commit anti-magic user Holocaust10/10 would become kawaii Hitler again
,Recommended,251990,8644923,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Basic Island,">Be Princess>Fully trained in weapons, athletics and military>Enemies tremble before me>Everything ready for Naval Battle>Dies from poisoned chocolate...10/10 would play again.Best death simulator: chocolate eater edition the experience."
76561197994215424,Recommended,251990,10781099,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Serin,"Before considering buying this game, you first have to realize it's more of a Choose Your Own Adventure book with stat checks.  If you're still interested, read on.Long Live the Queen is held together by several things: the amusing/tragic story and dialogue and the replay value of discovering more of it. The sequence of events will never change, but what actually transpires (and if Elodie survives to eventually be crowned) are dependent on what choices you make and how you build her up. Ignoring a single skill in one playthrough could have a huge influence on the story, and since you can't max her out, you'll want to come back several times.I loved Choose Your Own Adventure books as a kid, and for the five bucks I paid, I had a lot of fun with the story and trying different things. I think the only thing I rolled my eyes at was the anime ""magical girl"" outfit, but that's a small gripe. Get it on sale and it'll be well worth it."
,Recommended,251990,8643358,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Owler,"Princess Simulation Simulator 2014 is hands down the best game I have ever played in my hundreds of thousands of eons of life on this earth. It is a complex look into the life of a young princess, caught up in a political maelstrom which only YOU can guide her through. You will need to think realistically about the life of a princess, and the skills she will need to succeed in the political world, while also balancing her mood. You should be wary of all manner of things, ranging from assassination attempts, to social or political faux-pas', both of which can cut short your political career.The protagonist has a likeable personality, (for a fourteen year old) and a myriad of different outfits to choose from, each of which give specific boosts to a certain field of skills. The addition of these outfits make the protagonist feel like a real person, as real people also change their clothes to suit their vocations.On a socio-political level, Princess Simulation Simulator 2014 could drastically improve the quality of life for any aspiring politician, or even just as a human being. The skill descriptions provide real world advice on how to improve, and generally are very helpful. I would recommend this game to any person who is the heir or heiress to a large fortune or amount of political power, as it is a very realistic look at the various challenges you might face. Furthermore, anyone looking to expand their wardrobe or fashion sense should play this game, as the outfits that the protagonist changes between are a breath of fresh air, and would surely go over well in any social gathering.I rate this game a total of seven stars out of seven, with an additional nine ghost points, to boot! The gameplay is fast paced and exciting, with never a dull moment to be seen. The dialogue is stellar, and I must emphasize that each of the writers of this game should be given the Nobel Peace Prize for their amazing work. However, the game misses out on the elusive tenth ghost point because I do not wish to appear to have been bought out by the developers of the game in order to give it a perfect review."
,Recommended,251990,16360830,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ffleader1,"Haven't failed that much tests in my life.Joking aside, Long Live The Queen is a kind of game that you have play again... again.... and... again, simply because there are many possibilities, choices and consequences. After all, when you finished the game for the 1st time, congratulation, you have unlocked 4 achievement, 9% game competed.On a side note, you will die many time. Get use to it.That's all"
76561198064320788,Not Recommended,251990,8414096,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Azurean,"I enjoyed this game during my first playthrough, it's a bit trial and error but it took me only four attempts, or less than two hours to ""finish"" the game (surviving 40 weeks to be crowned). My first reaction was : ""Was that it ?"" then I checked the wikia, and no it isn't at all. There are quite a few events that can add some unsuspected plot points, but their requirements are ridiculously arbitrary - in one of them, you'll only survive if your ""Decoration"" skill is high enough. I'm not making that up. And as Chiquihuite said, some skills that should logically be useful and even vital like horse riding are never used.Overall, the skill requirements for each situation (Do you know who this man is ? Can you intimidate/flatter him ? Can you climb this wall ? Can you play harp ? Can you notice this food is poisoned ? Can you lead a war ship ?) are so high, and the learning sessions so few that you have to choose what skills to max and miss 80% of the rest. You want to become a magic expert ? You'll get betrayed by nobles because you don't have any time to learn Court Manners and Internal Affairs. You try to learn both anyway ? Then you'll die because you didn't upgrade the running/reflexes/poison knowledge that would have allowed you to survive that assassination attempt.The ""basic"" way to play (survive 40 days) isn't really interesting after the first success, and exploring all paths is impossible unless you follow a detailed walkthrough and manage your skills on an Excel graph to not put a single one unused. Neither of these is fun for me, so I can't recommand this game."
76561198262421497,Recommended,251990,31679125,Posted: 11 May,all,King Haddock,"I played and completed Long Live the Queen in one setting. It was not my intention to spend four straight hours of the late evening (and early morning... up until 1:45 AM) playing this game. Nevertheless, once I began, I felt a tenacious urge to figure out how to beat it.I came into this game knowing that there would be some frustration - there would be many different ways to die, no matter what strategy you chose. While this is true, and there were several times I had to completely start over because I played myself in a hole from which there was no way to survive, it only took me five main tries/restarts before I reached a successful ending. Given all the screaming reviews on Steam talking about the challenge, I thought it would take a little longer to win than four hours... I'm no supreme strategist... so while I would say that the game isn't easy to breeze through, I also wouldn't call it a BEAST of a challenge. It can give you moderate frustrations, nothing to the point of making you angry, but simply amused at dying yet again, and more determined to best the game.I will say that, even though it took me only four hours to finish the game my first time, I feel as though it was worth the experience. I had fun!From a gameplay standpoint, Long Live the Queen doesn't sound interesting. The gameplay aspect certainly didn't sound interesting to me when I first heard about this game. You basically click a few buttons and then read what happens. That's the full interactive element of it. Yes. All you do with this game is click choices. You click which classes you want to take (aka, what skills you want to invest in), you click which political/dialogue choices you want to take, and you click which activites you want to do over the weekend (to change what bonuses you get for learning different skills).But again, there's this gripping quality of taking on the challenge. The game does have a way of making you not want to quit until you've made it to the end. You WANT to figure out how to survive. You WANT to beat this game when it tricks you into dying yet another way. You WANT to see if your gut choices will lead you to a good ending, or if you'll be surprised by something turning sour. That's the reason I played this game straight through with no break... I wanted, stubbornly, to reach the end.Long Live the Queen is, in some ways, a game about the story. I wouldn't say that I found the story particularly gripping or the characters all that interesting. No character seemed to have much personality, for instance. It was also hard to keep track of the countries and characters in Long Live the Queen. The plotline does have a rise in action to a decent climax point, but it's not that deeply satisfying narrative you get with a story well-structured. But where Long Live the Queen has an interesting story is in how your choices affect yourself, the people around you, and your kingdom. It's interesting in how you will or won't survive, and in what state your kingdom will be if you finally do get crowned queen. That is what is primarily engaging about this game: the multitude of options, and the player's choices to tackle any one of those options. So it's the strategy, and how the strategy that affects the story, that makes this a worthwhile experience to have.It really does have a multitude of options, by the way. I'm sure I've only experienced a fraction of what's possible to occur in the story. This will probably make the game have some good replay value... I can explore other choices, strategies, and avenues... and see if I can survive those treacherous routes, too!One other small thing that's cool is that you can save your file - with the full text of the version you played - for a keepsake. It's a small thing, but I like that a lot. I can automatically store the choices I made and see what the story was start to end for my personal playthrough.Altogether, I would say that this is an enjoyable game. I would recommend it to people who want to get mildly frustrated for a few hours, people who like the puzzle of beating semi-challenging odds, and people who like to explore many possible routes and possibilities."
,Recommended,251990,16430977,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ONI,"Do NOT be fooled thinking this is a princess simulator trying to get handsome men to marry you. The game is dark and depressing, and it's good... REALLY good. Everything is out to kill you, and most of the time, only you and your decision can save your life. This is a quick pros and cons I'm gonna do since I'm in class and won't be able to pull a full review:+Well written plot and character interaction that can immerse you.+Everything is out to kill you. The game is completely unpredictable.+ You can be a loli hitler or a magical girl or a swordmaster queen. Whatever works!+ Be a scum: Create scandal, assassinate people, lie your way through!+ Be the ultimate pacifist: Deus Ex Human Revolution no killing playthrough too easy for you? Try surviving this game without killing anyone!+A LOT of attributes to level up ranging from riding a horse, archery, internal affairs, controlling your anger, casting fireball, how to dress up... Damn, just about everything.+Be as stupid as ""Hospital? Why would you want to put sick people together? They'll die faster!"" to as smart as managing your not-so-big but vicious little army to conquer the world!+SO MUCH MORE- The game is difficult. No seriously, try to get a decent ending without dying at least three times. It's to the point where you will think the game is cheaping you out, but that makes completing it even more fun!-The art could use some work.-Music can get tediously repetitive sometimes.-Unpredictability seems unfair sometimes. (The wizard battle *cough*)-Surprisingly short if you know the game inside out.Overall, this game left me with a huge smile on my face when I finished it."
76561198048886643,Recommended,251990,14774829,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,kasaisupritto,"This is not an anime game. This is something like Game of Thrones made to look harmless and lighthearted. It's not. If you don't play your cards right, someone you like dies in the first few weeks of play. This is some serious stuff.At first, you obsess over simply making it to coronation. Once that's done, you want to go back and maybe win the way you want, boosting the skills you like to see where that path takes you--probably to your death, in all honesty, but it's great fun.Pros:-Interesting world-ooboodles of skills and customized play paths-ridiculously high replayability-funny scenes-interesting/infuriating mood mechanics-great satisfaction with endgame-interesting charactersCons:-difficult (but I'm a pushover)-...difficult?Great game."
,Recommended,251990,17209962,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sir Coolio,"Long Live the Queen is a game in which you watch pink-haired, animu princesses die because you're a failure at life and that's why your wife left you."
,Recommended,251990,17464449,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dr. Murdoch,"Great and funny game. It is really hard at some points+ Easy to learn, hard to master+choices+multiple ways to end it (and yourself)-It is a bit short, if you know how to win.-some clases are really not worth a thing.-It would be helpfull if we knew what mood is needed to learn something faster, but it isn't a big problemI hope they will make another one like this, maybe even a DLC playing after the coronation.9/10"
76561198143070874,Recommended,251990,29968073,Posted: 16 February,all,Yukio,"Playing with toys between executions. 10/10But seriously: it's a great game, stats management with a plot and choices. You won't be bored."
76561198056103942,Recommended,251990,29789476,Posted: 8 February,all,Cinderblaze3,"As the very first visual novel I've ever played, my bar of expectations for VN's has been set extremely high. Long Live the Queen goes beyond the literal name of ""visual novel"", where you click furiously through pages and pages of text. It is a fully interactive experience where your choices actullay affect the outcome of the game! I know, seems pretty mindblowing after Telltale made a formula on how to fake your way through that and still makes piles of money everytime, but you will encounter no smoke or mirrors in this gem. In Long Live the Queen, you guide a young princess on her path to queenhood before she comes of age on her 15th birthday. You must manage and raise her skills so she can handle the various problems that come her way. If you don't get the right skills to a high enough level, the princess will die. (little hint: Reflexes is an absolute must for the very beginning of the game) And there are so many skills to level up! This VN is perfectly designed to make you feel like a young teenager in over their head with daunting responsiblities, sometimes forcing you to make what some may consider ""Evil"" paths just to survive. Thats not including the hidden values that may or may not affect the chances of assassination attempts on your princess; commoner approval and noble approval. Certain dialogue options and choices will change how your commoners and nobles think of you, and if one side or the other thinks too negatively of you, expect a lot more unpleasent surprises in the weeks to come.And if you manage to keep the princess alive, you will discover multiple branching paths that will drastically change your experience. I never got the right skills to unlock it, but I heard the scenes in the Enchanted Forest are really intriguing.The other characters are very interesting too. I was just as invested in keeping my allies safe as my princess, and intrigued in learning what made my enemies tick.Overall, this is an outstanding experience that proves that ""illusion of choice"" is not a necessary evil in every case. Even if you don't like anime art styles or stragety, I encourage you to pick this up at some point. Everyone can get something out of Long Live The Queen."
,Recommended,251990,8666375,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Redruler,"Reminiscent of text based games from long ago, Long Live the Queen is a very entertaining strategy game.You control the heir to the throne before coming of age and game-play consists of choosing which skills to develop before your coronation next year.  Many different events will happen as time progresses and depending on what skills you chose to focus on, you will either open up new story paths or in some cases even end up dead.  There are many different ways to die, some very unexpected.Replay value comes from going back and trying to see the different endings (or the different ways to die – yep, I’m still working on that achievement), or even the different story options.  You can save any time you want and the game also includes an auto-save so  you can go back some to try different strategies.  Many times though you will want to start over again fresh, picking different skills just to see what happens.If you prefer action based or shooter type games, look elsewhere.  If you like anime style artwork and unforgiving strategy you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,251990,32732831,Posted: 24 June,all,Sorcon Gartius,"You are a princess.  You die in horrible ways.  If you live, you become a queen.  Nobody becomes a queen."
,Recommended,251990,13906851,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZ2yExY2JFc&feature=youtu.beEveryone and everything is out to get you in Long Live the Queen. You play through this gorgeous visual novel as a young 14 year old princess whose mother has just recently passed away and you are thrust into tending to the everyday matters of running a kingdom. From going to parades, giving public speeches, being the judge jury and executioner in court cases, leading your nation to war or diplomatically resolving your international disputes. But such a young girl can’t just jump right in and successfully run a kingdom; she needs to be properly trained.The game plays out on a week to week basis where you start off by choosing 2 school classes you would like to take to train your queenly skills, and with 42 different skills to level up there is plenty of depth and variables to take into account that makes each choice feel meaningful, If you just choose willy-nilly without putting thought into what to level up you will definitely wind up just like your mother. The skills are either negatively or positively affected by your princesses’ current mood, for example if you are overly willful you may earn bonus points for taking a course in naval strategy or internal affairs whereas if you were in a yielding mood you would have a penalty for naval strategy or internal affairs.After monitoring your mood, and assessing which classes you want to take, and you’re skill points are distributed, you are then put into a dialogue scene where you are presented with various dialogue trees, events, and scenarios that either get passed or failed depending on whether or not you have trained enough in a certain skill, an example of this may be perhaps you are out in the courtyard and a snake crosses your path and strikes at you, if you have reached a high enough level in the “Reflexes” skill you will be able to react quick enough to avoid the attack and escape death. More often than not a crucial fail will result in your death, and that is where the game gets addicting, you keep wanting to go back and try to figure out what you did wrong and what you could have done differently to avoid your demise (most likely just to discover another way to die). The game is the equivalent of the anime version of Bill Murrays Groundhogs day, you’ll just keep reliving the same things over and over until you get it right, and quite frankly that style of game isn’t for everyone, it may become too repetitive for your liking or you may feel that you were cheated the way you died and you may become too frustrated to keep playing, but odds are that you’ll be back to try to live the 40 weeks to reach your coronation day and become queen.The game offers plenty of interesting dialogue and has a beautiful art style; the art style paired with the brilliant piano sound track is truly an aesthetically pleasing combination.  The dark nature of the game is an overall exciting adventure experience and the high quality of both the visuals and especially the audio complement the game very well.http://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
,Recommended,251990,13826643,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,tombdragon,"Playing this game is like playing Dark Souls: You are going to die. A lot.Except instead of being an icky undead zombie fighting monsters and demon, you'll be a pretty pink princess who gets to earn outfits and occasionally get into a scuffle, so basically like Dark Souls but better.11/10 would risk death to be a pretty pink princess"
,Recommended,251990,13904544,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rei Ayanami,The game's ♥♥♥♥ing impossible10/10
,Recommended,251990,7633486,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,King Sombra,"Even if you try to be nice someone will want you gone.  Comes with being the crown princess.  You will die.  A lot.  That is not to say that the game is an evil, sadistic, sack of merciless nightmares, far from it actually.  Long Live the Queen is fun and very entertaining.  If you die then you chose poorly somewhere along the way.  If you know where you screwed up then your last save might be too recent to repair and it may be time to reroll.  Just, don't eat the chocolate..."
,Recommended,251990,15854363,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Handa,Everyone hated me and called me a b!tch.Still became the queen.11/10
,Recommended,251990,33039188,Posted: 30 June,all,Ash,"This game will frustrate you. You will inevitably die. Repeatedly.You will think you know how to win, and you'll be this magical expert, only to drown in the middle of a war.This game is great. It is cheap, it is fun, and because of all the twists and turns in the story, it really probes you to plan ahead for your next playthrough, then the next one, and probably the next one too. But plans don't always help you when you're suddenly the queen of a kingdom on the brink of war.At the time of writing this, it's on sale too, you should get it while it's even cheaper than normal - you won't regret it."
,Recommended,251990,7909905,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sniper_kitten,"Odd how some ""indy"" games manage to deliver more fun and eat up more of your time than lots of certain multimillion AAA productions."
,Not Recommended,251990,8596473,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Bitzeralisis,"Long Live The Queen is not as open-ended as the trailer suggests it is. Raise Elodie as you want, and she will die; but raise Elodie according to a plan based around the game's set-in-stone events, and you may reach coronation."
,Recommended,251990,7906205,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sleemaǹ̜͕̭̱͌ͪ,"Yikes.  This game just goes to show how unfit a queen I would be if the role were forced upon me.Cutthroat politics, aristocratic relationships, exciting celebrations, brutal war, and even magic come into play when you're on the road to queendom.This game plays sort of like a visual novel.  Playing as princess Elodie, you take weekly ""classes"" that improve her various skills, such as court manners, public speaking, dance, swordsmanship, falcon handling, history, internal affairs, divination, and more.  Elodie also has a mood meter of 4 attributes: angry/fearful, cheerful/depressed, willful/yielding, and pressured/lonely.  Depending on what her mood is for each skill category you potentially increase can be affected by a bonus/penalty that influences the rate of learning for that particular skillset.  Each skill you improve will ultimately decide Elodie's fate- there is a failure/partial success/success rating that ensues when an event occurs and depending on what you get, the outcome of the game will be based on these failures or successes.  Be warned!  You *will* die at least once in this game, but don't worry- you can start over from an earlier time or from the beginning, ensuring you have the right knowledge/skills to get through a major event.You also get the opportunity to dress the princess up in various outfits when you improve categorized skills to a certain extent.  Examples include a tutu, catsuit, military regalia, and even magical girl.  Totally adorbs.Music's decent.  It is fitting for the subject matter.In short:Story: 4/5Music: 3.5/5Replayability: yes/5Art: Anything on steam is infinitely better than what I can draw/5PS: Usually if I write > 1 sentence for a recommendation that means I *highly* recommend the game.  So what on earth are you waiting for?  Play it!"
,Recommended,251990,26408740,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Scarlet Fox,"I really enjoyed the game, I liked the fact that there are multiple ways of succeding at this game and that not all of them involve you being a perfect little princess. It was cute, funny, the story was engaging. 10/10"
,Recommended,251990,14006106,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jake from State Farm #RoldGold,Died on my way to a birthday party because I forgot to study Battlefield Medicine.10/10
,Recommended,251990,13523465,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dailene 부흥 💕,it's ok
,Recommended,251990,30113452,Posted: 22 February,all,TheMH🎃6,"No matter how strong you and your troopers may be, no matter how brilliant of a diplomat you are, and no matter how brilliant your magic power truly is...Chocolate will kill you. Never forget it."
,Recommended,251990,19299252,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AurianaValoria1,"This game is immensely fun, addictive, and just plain hilarious at times. I'm usually not into games of this genre, but I think this one is great. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251990,31866667,Posted: 20 May,all,lesbianvoid,"i cant believe ive been stabbed to death, eaten by a sea monster, poisoned, had my head cut off, was shot by an arrow, got hit with a fireball, within the space of a year"
76561198042577230,Recommended,251990,19286833,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,lepm,Protip: try to beat it yourself. Don't look for any guides. Trust me.
,Recommended,251990,30181321,Posted: 25 February,all,Yuki,"Raise those damn taxes. Those peasants have it too good anyway. Maybe I should invest in hospitals for the poor, but I could also play with my teddybear, go to birthday parties (even if they tried to shoot me with an arrow at the last one) and boost religious propaganda. Father wants me to stay away from that crystal in the treasury, but my magical advisor says I need it, even if people have to die for it. The other nobles seem to have planned something behind my back. I feel a storm coming. Or maybe it's just the chocolate I ate (Spoiler Alert: It was poisoned). If that maid stares at me again, off with her head.The next best thing to a Sansa Stark life simulator / VN mix."
,Recommended,251990,8440011,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Junebug,"Magical Girl HellFirst and foremost, SAVE OFTEN. I recommend creating multiple saves at different points of the game while you're successful because youwilldie. Long Live The Queen is a visual novel of sorts with an interesting concept. You're Elodie, a princess learning to be queen. You gotta start from scratch and take two classes a week to improve skills. Sounds good but the ""strategy"" required in this game is a little bit shallow.Mood, no matter how good or bad, influences how effective Elodie will be at learning a skill. I thought that, because there was a Mood meter, you wanted to get her to the top of each emotion (ex: Cheerful vs Depressed) so that she could function at full capacity. However, no matter how negative or positive the mood is, one will benefit Elodie in learning certain skills that the other mood won't allow improvement for. Everything you pick has a ripple effect.Doesn't sound so bad, yeah? What makes this a ridiculous mechanic is that there's no way of predicting what mood will affect skills you might need for upcoming events unless you look up a guide. Every action has consequences; you have to try to controleveryaspect and memorize events that are going to happen as they occur if you want Elodie to live. There aren't any tells and the events are always the same every gameplay so that helps in anticipating what will happen when you die. After a while, having to click through the dialogue for the 20th time gets repetitive. Failing to learn skills and performing poorly too often will ultimately result in death no matter what. If it doesn't affect Elodie now, it will later.I'm only recommending this game for the art because I'm a sucker for all things magical girl. If you're bad at memorizing and don't like Sailor Moon-inspired stories, this game isn't for you. Would I say it's $10 worth of fun? For what it's offering, I wouldn't pay full price.Long Live The Queencontains a nice art style, a little whimsy, barely-there mechanics, and a feel-good tale we've heard before...if you live long enough. Unless you're bored or curious, I'd opt for something with more depth.5/10"
,Recommended,251990,11100869,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,iner,"Saved a grill from tentacles in magical forest, then she became my lover.10/10"
76561198075171831,Recommended,251990,30719433,Posted: 24 March,all,Luigi2ds,Im a strong independet magical girl and I dont need no army
,Recommended,251990,11013342,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PizzaChaps,"My dad became an amnesiac vegetable and my land is in constant war. On the bright side, I married my secret lesbian lover's brother, and we have threesomes all day, err day.10/10."
76561198110031203,Recommended,251990,31009177,Posted: 7 April,all,Higher Beings Love Cereal,"Dark Souls: The PinkeningI'll never look at chocolate the same way again.Seriously though, this game is one of those weird gems in the rough on Steam. I got it as a joke, only to discover it's really good. If you can get it on sale, even better! Worth every penny.Spoiler Alert: Elodie dies. Like, a lot."
76561198065333933,Recommended,251990,24756038,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,cool44444444,"I was going to be a kind, just, and fair queen, beloved by all my people... but then I clumsily took an arrow to the knee.I was going to be a cruel, merciless, magical, iron-fisted despot putting the insects in their place. Then I ate the poisoned chocolate because I lacked the manners to resist it.10/10     Would attempt (and probably fail) to keep myself and my nation alive again.The game does its best to kill you in many creative and entertaining ways. After a few playthroughs, it's not too difficult to discover a way to muscle, preen, spellcast or some-comibation-of-the-three your way to victory. However, the game isn't linear- there are multiple paths to victory, and many different subplots to explore which will require different approaches to fully investigate. Your choices will have an impact on later events, and you can't see the whole game in one playthrough.Unrelated to gameplay: the soundtrack is wonderful."
,Recommended,251990,28581725,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JadEarth,"I was expecting Princess Maker.Then suddenly Elodie gets assassinated, poisoned by chocolate, or even gets choked to death by magical chains. Actually, sometimes she does the killing.Guess what? Her name is Elo'die'. Defitinitely would die again."
,Recommended,251990,22716026,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dr. Hots,"Became an angry dictator with ferocious military strength and poise, built upon weeks of rigorous training.Fell in an instant to poisoned chocolates from my inability to control my sugar addiction.10/10 would superimpose my own personality flaws onto a fictional character again"
,Recommended,251990,30986710,Posted: 6 April,all,LeonS,"They say a princess is full of charm and grace!They say she alwaysknows her place!They say a princess wears pink and frilly clothes!They say she never laughs and snorts milk out her nose!They say she’s calm, they say she’s kind!They say shenever speaks her mindor freezes nanny’s big behind!But you and me,we, we know better!They say a princess is super duper sweet!She doesn't fight; she doesn't sweatAnd you never see her eat!They say a princess doesn't climb and scrape her kneeThey say a princess wouldn't freeze her tutor’s teaThey say she’s poisedThey say she’s fairShe never mentions UNDERWEAR!Or longs to see the world out thereBut you and me,we, have big ideas of our ownFor the distant someday when we’re grown...They say a princess, learns elegance in schoolShe's trained in etiquette and follows every rule!They teach a Princess toCopy-Word-for-WordThey teach a princess toBe-Seen-and-Never-Heard!They say she doesn't dare or dreamThey say she doesn't plan or schemeOr go to any big extremeTo reunite a princess teamBut you and meWe... WHEE! We...Know... Better!Try to be friendlyJust smile and say hi!Don't be defensiveAnd look them in the eye!They say a princessOne day will meet her princeShe must enhance her beautyAnd maybe try some mintsThey say that he'll have royal blood in every veinWith noble brow and chiseled faceAnd microscopic brainThey say he'll come along one dayWith Royal Inbred D.N.AAnd change your life in every wayBut you and meWe know better..."
,Not Recommended,251990,9117869,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TARS,"I bought this game because it was touted as a deep strategic excercise with an amusing art design that conflicited with morbid deaths and serious yet silly tone.What this turned out to be is a basic role playing game with strategy essentially being very simple. After a few playthroughs you will know what to expect from the game and I essentially won the game through very basic trail and error. The game just became a chore in the end and I really regret buying it. Playing a flash game of newgrounds.com(newgrounds.comis one word, but its getting censored for some reason) will give you a better gaming experience with deeper strategy in some cases.A more detailed review can be found here on my blog:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2014/02/long-live-queen.html."
,Recommended,251990,23110467,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Sunshine Rain,"This game is fun, but very very complicated... unless you know what you're specifically aiming for, you won't 100% this through sheer luck.  That being said, it is very enjoyable, and all the sheer magnitude of different variations of what you can do to Elodie's life (the main character) is astonishing!  You can turn her into anything from a benevolent saint-like super queen to a demonic-ish sadistic servant of an evil king who'd blow up her father as soon as hug him!  Or... you could drown in a sea of really really mad peasants...  T_TFinding all the ways Elodie can die is almost as much fun as figuring out how to make her an effective queen, actually, and is one of the achievements!Also, for the badge hunters out there, this game has trading cards!I recommend this game if you like highly detail-oriented games, like D&D 3rd edition and whatnot... if you're like me and find making the characters in it the most fun part, anyways.  It's pretty much creating a character sheet if the character creation was on steroids, with the rest of the game as a sidenote.  =^_^=If you're worried about achievements, don't worry at all!  There are guides that will give you all of the achievements, right on steam.  Only downside is that you will have to replay the game a TON for 100% achievements (if you consider that a downside.  Some will, but I'm sitting on the fence about it).  Good news is that each playthrough doesn't take too terribly long, being 40 weeks/turns at the longest (1 turn/week = 1 set of 2 lessons, 1 castle activity, and whatever cutscene decisions for that week)100%ing the achievements can take as little time as 12 hours (possibly less).  I skipped what could be skipped after reading everything once, always online, but unsure of how much of that 12 hours was ""dead time""."
76561198056962746,Recommended,251990,19732446,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,blackwell,"It killed me, I killed them, I loved it, I hated it, every decision is wrong in some way or another. Let a friend play it and he sucked, so his people killed him. It truly is the dark souls of whatever this kind of game is called.The music drives you crazy after some time c:Will you survive the horror of oh so many decisions? If yes, what kind of ruler will you be?Yeah, great game 10/10.(die,die,die,die,die. why did you eat the chocolate elodie?)"
,Recommended,251990,32476129,Posted: 16 June,all,[ATK] Bam 肉,Gameis effin dope. Maximally charming.
76561198075458311,Recommended,251990,20020519,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,blingtree,Killed a chicken to protect the throne.10/10 would kill the chicken again.
76561198140148915,Recommended,251990,23768107,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mami is sort of a big deal,"Fantasy JRPG meets Empire: Total War in a VN-esque fashion.If you ever ventured into one, two or maybe all three of these gaming styles before, I believe it's easy to see why Long Live The Queen is so well rated here.Despite having completely different themes and gameplay, the joy of playing this kind of games comes from the same things:(a) they can be extremely funny when things go wrong;(b) nothing feels better than a well executed plan.So why not mix them all into a single product and see why happens?This indie 'The Sims: Medieval Days' you're now skimming through searching for funny reviews and considering if the price is worth it, is the cute, adorable –but at times infuriating– offspring of a merciless strategy game with a naive Role Playing Game.(Speaking of which, if you're not self-inserting as Elodie, our troubled protagonist, you're doing it wrong).It's common to read folks praising this game for its ""complex strategy"" but truth be told, it's not THAT awesome. It took me about 5 hours and little more than 4 saves to (successfully) get a crown placed above my head, which was kind of a bummer since things were getting really interesting by the end. That said, the ""strategy"" complexity and difficulty of actually ""beating"" the game -as in reaching coronation day- is nothing remarkable. The variety of ways you can achieve that, however, is what makes playing this game over and over worth the time.There's a reason you have literally dozens of save files slots, and if you enjoy the game, you'll likely fill most of them, where, depending on your mood, some are likely to end up with exotic names, i.e:  ""Save File #16 - Should I execute this maggot?"", ""Save File #21 - Survived the chocolate"".The masterpiece lies within the development and execution of the (a) and (b) items previously mentioned where,You'll die. You'll die in funny, unexpected ways.Characters will say funny stuff before you die.And your epitaph will always make you giggle.Alongside brilliant characters with the most alluring behaviors which will show you that,Training some skills on the wrong order will prove extremely disastrous.Everyone has awkward, impossible-to-remember names.You'll eventually give up trying to memorize their names.You'll notice it's easier to just call it whatever is easier to remember (Talasse -> Tallahassee)If there are any negative aspects about this game that I can point out, it would indeed be its short length. Had it been a bit longer, it would make an outstanding awe-inspiring Journey™ instead of just an above-average afternoon play.Anyway, point is,  stop wasting your money with stupid COD releases every year and support this deviant, creative game.Oh, and don't use guides. It spoils the fun."
76561197971532050,Recommended,251990,20368377,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Conditional Love,"Can you raise Elodie's stats in time to meet her tests&trials? Probably not and she'll die, but don't worry, her death will be hilarious. After you try again you may fail in an interesting new direction. And this game is about fun failing; I love how you can deliberately fail some of the story and succeed in other parts of the story to become Queen. With 45 achievements, 11 ways to die and 24 different epilogues to the ending, there is a huge amount of replayability. For best enjoyment bring a pen&notepad with you, at least try the game a few times before you use a completionist guide.Love Live The Queen earns a solid recommendation."
,Recommended,251990,8582534,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,zanekaku,"harder than dark souls, gg"
,Recommended,251990,29299972,Posted: 16 January,all,Gisol,Game of thrones the anime game10/10 would die again
,Recommended,251990,32859893,Posted: 27 June,all,LordGrogthor,"I was ready to conquer, set to wed in a few years. My studies on battle strategies were sound and I knew my way around a sword. Too bad I didn't pay attention to foreign trade, otherwise I'd have known how suspicious that gift of chocolate was. Learning more about poison probably would have helped too.Good: Rule with an iron fist. A cute iron fist.Bad: Dad wont give me the cool magic crystal.Ugly: I heckin died.11/10 very excited to do everything there is to do."
76561198086324945,Recommended,251990,10887273,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Atallel,"HEY. YOU. WITH THE STEAM FUNDS.Yeah, you, the one scoffing at why you even clicked on the review page for this game you think you'll never end up buying. I get it, I do. It's frilly, it's girly, it's not your tipical action RPG. Well listen up boys, cause this ain't any sort of namby-pamby walk in the park.Before you punch a wall to regain your manliness that you feel has dropped by even looking into this game, you should know something. If you're into judging a book by it's cover, you might be turned off by Long Live The Queen's anime-esque art style or it's female protaganist - you don't know how wrong you are.LLTQ is a text based RPG that puts you in the shoes of Elodie, Queen of Nova. Or, should I say, almost queen; tough luck buddy, you've got 40 weeks to survive before you get that far.Oh, I know what you're thinking. '40 Weeks? Like three months? Ha. I'll finish that, play some Dota, AND punch a wall to get back my manliness card.' YEAH NO. You're dealing with assassins, monsters, rebellions, a set of pissy (read: deadly) relatives, and an entire kingdom looking at you to fix it. Or not, you know. They could always just kill you - I'm sure that'd fix the problem. Somehow.And here you're saying WOAH, HOLD UP. I've seen this before! You won't get me with your cutesy violence and your lack of guns!Listen up, son. You can be impaled, exploded, imploded, poisoned, drained, and, in one unfortunate ending, eaten. Trust me, this game is very much not what you think it is. The numerous death senarios coupled with the surprisingly gruesome art makes for just as wild a ride as anything you've got.And trust me, I haven't played this for nearly 40 hours for nothing. You think you can make it through in one shot? Don't make me laugh. You'll be dead before you even try to eat- never mind.As for me, I'll be leveling up my mage skills. I have a date with an enemy Lumen, and I don't intend to let him walk away with his limbs intact."
76561198074679348,Recommended,251990,16623813,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Fox,"Decisions,Decisions,Decisions this game is all about them. Even good decisions are bad decisions, that's what makes this game so fun. If you die start over again. You will play this game over and over without a walkthrough. You can be a benevolent queen and you can be an evil queen or you can be a pushover. The beauty of this game is that it is all about decisions and the consequences held to each one.  Great game to play, but rather hard."
,Recommended,251990,13964004,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Banzatou,"Summary reviewThis game's title is misleading, as it is anything BUT.Detailed reviewSo after doing careful studying and playing for 12-ish hours straight...this is all I can say about for this game:WHY IS EVERYONE IN THE KINGDOM OUT TO GET MY PINK LOLI♥♥♥♥♥IM ONLY 14 YEARS OLD FOR CRYING OUT LOUDSTOP TRYING TO♥♥♥♥♥♥ME GEEZERS I KNOW IM JAILBAIT SO STAHP ITDOES IT LOOOOK LIKE I KNOW MONEYALL I EVER WANTED TO BE IS A PRETTY PRINCESS THAT IS LOVED BY HER PEOPLE BUT NOOO I CANT HAVE WHAT I WANT BECAUSE I DIED TO INSULT FOR HAVING TWO LEFT FEET♥♥♥♥ IT IMMA REINCARNATE AND GO TO THE GRAVE SITE TO MAKE MYSELF SADI JUST WANTED TO GO TO MY RELATIVE'S PARTY STAHP ARROWING MEOMG I'M THE DUMBEST ♥♥♥♥♥ EVER WHY AM I PUSHING THE ARROW FURTHER INTO MY LUNGS HOLY ♥♥♥♥ WHATS THE POINT OF EDUMACATING MYSELF IF I HAVE THE LIFESPAN OF A HAPPY TREE FRIEND APPARENTLY MY DAD IS TOO KING TO TEACH ME COMMON SENSE AT A YOUNG AGE THANKS DADYEAH I MADE IT TO THE PARTY ♥♥♥♥ YOU DANE COOKYOU GUYS ARE♥♥♥♥♥HOLES I GOT ARROW'D FOR ALL OF YOU IN AN ALTERNATE DIMENSION TO MAKE IT TO THIS PARTY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GONNA GO BACK TO THE GRAVE SITE AND MAKE MYSELF SAD AGAINNO YOU PINK IDIOT I MADE YOU ATHLETICALLY HEALTHY ♥♥♥♥ YOU FOR GOING ON A CHEAT DAY AND DYING TO DIABETESREINCARNATING AGAINOTO-SAN I KEEP DYING TASUKETE OH YOU CANT HALP CUZ I NEED TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MYSELF WOW YOU'RE THE ♥♥♥♥♥IEST DAD EVER YOU KNOW WHAT ♥♥♥♥ YOU MENTOR NEEDS ME BRB GOING TO HENSHIN W/O YOUR APPROVALALL OF YOU SUCK DONKEY BALLS FOR DECLARING NAVAL WARFARE ON THIS 14 YEAR OLD DIVA IMMA GO MAGICAL SAILOR SCOUT ON ALL Y'ALL GET REKT-- OMFG I DONT KNOW HOW TO SWIM R U SERIUS YOU'RE A KAWAII PSYCHIC HORSEBACK RIDING BALLROOM BREAKDANCING ACCOUNTANT THAT DOES TAEBO ROCK CLIMBING DURING THE WEEKDAYS AND YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO DOG PADDLE FOR♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU MAJESTIC ♥♥♥♥♥YOU KNOW WHAT IM GOING TO SHOW THIS GAME TO MY FIANCEE AND MAKE HER RAGE JUST AS MUCH AS MEHEY SWEETY YOU WANNA TRY THIS GAME YOU'LL DEFINITELY HAVE A BLASTOMG MY FIANCEE BEAT THIS GAME ON HER SECOND ATTEMPT ♥♥♥♥ THIS IM DONESo yeah, best dating sim I've ever played.I'd definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good time~"
,Recommended,251990,12202083,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,oh oH OH TIME 2 ACCELERATE,the chocolate is a lie 10/10
,Recommended,251990,22704222,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Kafkaesque,Don't like anime or cutesy girly things? You'll still love this game. Get it.
76561197972260060,Recommended,251990,10874997,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Taylor Swift,This game is not horses and rainbows. It's daggers and poison.
,Recommended,251990,20291197,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sergy,"Ever wanted Dark Souls to be a little bit morecheerful?Well, there you have it..."
,Recommended,251990,14510421,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Arjuna,"Looks like a weeaboo princess maker game.Is actually a brutal Game of Thrones-style bloodbath where the slightest error can leave you chopped, boiled, or fried.See how many times you die before you manage to become Queen. It'll be more than you think."
,Recommended,251990,9002267,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,KittenBurglar,I died.
,Recommended,251990,22771563,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Grapist,If Dark Souls was more Japanese.
,Recommended,251990,11196246,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Nietzschan,If you're into underaged depressed teenage girls who can be easily seduced (no alcohol required) then this game is for you.
76561198105069081,Recommended,251990,12492772,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,MR bunny,This game is fun but boy is it hard. I have yet to not die in it. I am not giving up though. I will keep trying every so often to beat the game.
76561198174053214,Recommended,251990,30514838,Posted: 14 March,all,vicdinnen,"This, was quite an interesting, unique and fun game!So, you control the princess, send her to classes to learn skills and get better at things, and do your best to avoid getting taken over or killed.  This is actually QUITE difficult, as there are many different ways for you to die, and you will experience quite a lot of them (but that's good, there's 3 achievements related to this).  So don't feel bad, or a failure, or anything: it's to be expected!The game shows you the 'checks' that it does to trigger certain events, so you can figure out something to try to do differently the next time around.  And this is certainly not a 'single playthrough' type game by any means: there are so many events that can trigger, and so many ways to try to do things, that you really can't help but try again and again to do something different!  (I put in nearly 30 hours just trying different things out!)The story is interesting, the characters have their own interesting personalities (and own different stories and actions that you figure out through multiple playthroughs), and the game is definitely worth it, even not on sale!  My only regret was that I got this game, promptly put it on my backlog of games to play, and only got to it now!PS: Since everyone else has already spoiled it... Avoid the chocolates.  If you can!"
76561198300297476,Recommended,251990,23153744,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"Don't be fooled by the cutesy aesthetic, this game is brutal.Absolutely loved it - there is so much content here for the price. Yes, it made me want to scream with rage at points (death is sudden and omnipresent for poor Elodie) but I kept coming back. I still haven't found all the little narrative twists and turns, and I'm sure it will keep me occupied for a good long while.The narrative is intriguing (and it kind of has to be considering the potential tedium of the stat-building gameplay) and has everything one could want: namely intrigue, murder, magic and lesbians. There is a lot of depth here, more than is usually present in a visual novel.Some complaints I've seen centre around the unpredictability, and I will agree that it is frustrating at points when seemingly random stats turn out to be really important. There is a lot of trial and error - despite this I still recommend it."
76561198058132661,Recommended,251990,25405029,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,zeph,"Politics Souls, 10/10 would sing evil overlords into submission again.Please don't let the promotional art fool you, this is not a lighthearted dating sim.Long Live the Queen is an interesting game about learning to navigate politics in a fantasy setting. The writing is excellent and makes for amazing replayability. I had myself doing intentionally faulty builds, not just to experience the many interesting ways to die, but to see the flavor text on classes and choices that may not otherwise have been open to me.The game was updated ages after release with even more content, much to my surprise, and had me coming back to play it again for even more new stuff. Every choice you have bears some kind of consequence on the narrative, be it on the influence on your mood, your popularity with your people and/or court or changing the narrative entirely. You can cause civil wars. You can be overthrown by your own court. You can have assassins come for your life for reasons you won't understand until you've played through several kinds of routes. The setting is dynamic and it will take many, many playthroughs to learn how everything pieces together, without destroying the narrative experience for your first, single playthrough.It seems like there's always something new to find. Would absolutely recommend to anyone."
76561198010292149,Not Recommended,251990,8066233,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,EyksSinac,"I don't think I would reccommend this game much.  If you REALLY want a game like this, stick with Princess Maker 2.  This just feels like they tried too hard.  Granted, there are ideas that I love in here like customizing the girl's attire and just being a badass Magical Girl.  The clothing that you can have with her is pretty cool...some....ehhhhhh....really shouldn't have been implemented.  Made me feel awkward with a few outfits for a little girl.Speaking of, unless I didn't get a true ending after defeating a certain someone as a magical girl, I kinda missed the aging of the young future queen.  I also felt the lack of adventure was there as well.  In Princess Maker 2, you had the young one go off on her on and explore certain areas, gain certain items, and all that fun stuff.  Here, it's just a confinement.The one thing I liked was the fact of doing certain things to make her happy, sad, angry or just lonely.  Doing certain things in the castle will effect your little future queen and that was interesting.However, I felt that this was just lackluster.  There are so many things to boost up in this game, and you just can't tell how much or how many traits you need to progress in the story.  It will take a few tries to get the hang of it, but even then, you just don't know what you truly need.  I say this because, the story will progress rather quickly and with lack of certain traits, your future queen will fail in most aspects, making you a little angry.My boyfriend even played this game and he was a little angry at the game.  He loved the concept, but, only if it was executed well.  I know he too recommends Princess Maker 2, where he made her into the finest blood-thirsty warrior of her time."
76561198273517406,Recommended,251990,25237110,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,willdoeswarfare,"First playthrough. Saw I could learn instruments. I play several instruments in real life. Upgrade it to fifty. Has to upgrade other skills. does so. Maxes expression. What to do now? Lets do math so I can get into that vault thing the lady told me about. Maxes math. Stars super cool magic. Ooh, a ball? Yay! Some one says mean things about me. Lets duel him! what will we do? a singing duel? Instrument duel? Math duel? GUy chooses swords. This is not what I thought duel ment. Gets stabbed. Dies. And so ends the worlds greatest musician.10/10 would duel again."
76561198062352118,Recommended,251990,25157139,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lily Lastname,"Step 1: Play through game regularly, investing in whatever stats you find interesting.Step 2: Fail a bunch of skill checks.Step 3: Die.Step 4: Replay, purposefully investing in everything you failed in.Step 5: Die again.Step 6: Eventually save-scum your way into becoming the Queen.Step 7: Oh, what's this? You didn't get all the achievements! Looks like you'll have to replay!10/10"
76561198022346294,Recommended,251990,8475677,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Buster,"I would easily rate this a 10/10 It is a great point and click adventure game. It is everything that they advetised, however this game is not for everyone, as it is actually complex and has a fairly intense learning curve, and the lack of videos and cut scenes may put off some people. That said to those whom already like the genre it will provide many, many hours of entertainment and is a solid investment. Just be prepared to mess up and die along the way, beware the chocolates. :p"
76561197987026646,Recommended,251990,30567292,Posted: 17 March,all,Jinura,lost a magic duel and died because my flower decorating skills weren't good enough10/10
,Recommended,251990,23605139,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,purestprodigy,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is more hardcore than a Souls game
76561198008583737,Recommended,251990,8601029,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jmyster,"Elodie struggled long and hard, using a mastery of politics and court flourish to avoid the attempts against her life. She mastered magic, studied war, and set out to defend Nova against her foes. But alas, foreign planning mattered not when Elodie failed to climb up high, and her grand strategies barely brought her back alive.And so the villain comes, but with it, a chance to run. But Elodie would not go quietly into that good night. Long did she fight the blackhearted foe, matching him blow for blow. But alas, when the finale came, she failed to flash and dazzle, lacking just a bit of razzle. One step short of victory, she gasped:""If only I had studied decoration!""And so the sound of a Tardis echoed throughout the city, to teach a fourteen year old girl of all things PRETTY10/10, will play again."
,Recommended,251990,22305149,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,LunatixNyx,Wanted a cute game to casually play when I'm half dead.Got Dark Souls: Kawaii Edition instead.10/10
76561198153432104,Recommended,251990,19596366,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,iiwodnetnin,"I'll just keep this short and sweetPros:Branches of CYO opinions are very diverseDefinite amount of replay valueIn game tells showing you if a trait passedSave ANYTIME (always nice...)The endings (and badges) that shows your character dying still manage to somehow be cute.That moment when your plan works.Cons:Flavoring tells that don't change the outcomeCome with a plan or face the possiblity of deathWatch that plan crumble and rewrite it.Feel compelled to grab some paper or open NotePad and track the minimum requirements for EACH action!Spent more time plotting than playing the gameThat moment when your plan works, but you have to replan for what comes after that."
,Recommended,251990,20222826,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shadow Hawk,YOU THERE!....No not you...Yes you!Do you like princesses? Yes?Well you'll love this game as you battle to keep her alive by:DancingLearning how to make public speechesLearning how to look goodDo you not like princesses? No?Well you'll love this game as you try your best to unlock all of Elodie's deaths by:DancingLearning how to make public speechesLearning how to look good
76561198367097137,Recommended,251990,32711963,Posted: 23 June,all,ursalot,"You will become oddly obsessed with this game until your princess survives her coronation. I'm sorry. Those are just the facts. However, the game is incredibly rich and charming, so it's really alright. You'll get to see different sides to characters and situations as you replay the game with different princesses."
76561198045379093,Recommended,251990,31132804,Posted: 14 April,all,rubicante_le_fou,"Despite its cute appearance, this game is ruthless with the player. You're gonna die. A lot. And you're gonna try again a lot too, because this game is so good and funny you're going to keep trying until you succeed at least once. Going to a birthday? Arrow in the chest. Bad luck, you didn't build the hospital in this playthrough, you die! This game made me draw a chart of every branching and even so it was challenging. Buy it."
,Recommended,251990,8499898,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TinyTurtle,"Similar to a Visual Novel, this game features a cute heroine featuring a main story.The different approaches one can take to completion (or an attempt to complete) the storyline is vast.The skill leveling system seems self intuitive, however takes a bit of time to learn what moods effect Elodie's stats.Long Live The Queen is a great casual game to play. 10/10."
,Recommended,251990,16400314,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,csgogem.com AND YOU KNOW,E is for Elodie who is forced onto the throne with an obvious lack of education due to the UK governement constantly changing her exam boards.
,Recommended,251990,19406829,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Capitalist Pig,"This game is all about trial and error. It is really hard to understand it at first, because the tutorial is really simple for the complexity of the game.Cons:- Big learning curve. You have to focus in this game, take notes, and do a lot of trial and error.Pros:+ There are several plots and subplots. You have to master different skills and take different choices in every run to see all the subplots.+ The subplots are really interesting, because they are really concatenated to the main story.+ Several endings. And I'm not counting the death finales.+ Your choices DO matter. Telltale can learn a thing or two about this game.+ It is really fun to explore all the choices.+ You can be a magical girl in this game, or be a strategist warrior, or a hybrid."
,Recommended,251990,28496256,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,WyvernPrinceling,"Great death simulator. Made me wanna set myself on fire for how many times I died from chocolate poisoning.Super duper cool story and wicked nice addition to my collection of games, absolutely needed walkthroughs to figure out how to not suck at everything. Best death simulator I've ever played."
76561198133340014,Recommended,251990,19040661,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Beanco!,Poison a chicken.Be blessed by cats.Sacrifice your cousin to the Kraken.Become an evil minion.Leave your friend behind to be eaten by a monster.Woo your maid.It's hard being queen.
76561198076322469,Recommended,251990,20977001,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fairess of Nothingness,ELODIE.WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD YOU EAT CHOCOLATE YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHERE IT CAME FROMWHY DID YOU SHOVE THE ARROW IN YOU MORESTOP.WHY ARE YOU SO SUICIDAL? WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO MARRY HIM? WHAT ARE YOU DOING?10/10 would continue to scream at her
,Recommended,251990,32839832,Posted: 26 June,all,PKSlowpoke,"As if keeping Elodie alive was already hard enough, have fun earning all the achievements, learning all the plot, and earning all the epilogues, you'll need it!"
,Recommended,251990,23139740,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,馬鹿 Purpleteal,"Play as Barbie, a girl who believes she can be anything, and with the help of stat boosting clothes, she can.However, while you were standing in front of the mirror, deciding what clothes you would wear to the classes for the day, your peasants revolted. Now to keep everyone happy, you host a festival + Tournament only to get killed at the festival by an unhappy noble. YOU DIED.Respawn at the latest bonfire and try again.All in all, great game. Just kind of hard to wish long life for a queen who rarely survives being a princess."
,Recommended,251990,23693308,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,🌸 송하나 🌸,"This can be a short experience or a long experience depending on if you're quick to give up or you try to strategize and perservere through until you get YOUR happy ending. This is definitely very different from typical visual novels in how much easier it is to get a bad ending than most visual novels. You could get one within a week or at the very end. I still haven't found my happy ending, but hopefully, I can get it soon. Cause I'm done with this dying bullsh*t. 凸(ಠ益ಠ)凸 Still, I would tell people to play it because it's just generally fun to go through."
76561198122604796,Recommended,251990,24033386,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,cvtstoneman25,It's a real testament to a game's design when you can fail so many times and still want to play it.
76561198060946700,Recommended,251990,33160150,Posted: 2 July,all,Medusa seducer,And I thought visual novels are easy
,Recommended,251990,10880242,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Apostle The Fraud,"Watch your tongue you slanderous knave! Execute that man! Send his head as a warning to other powers we are a force to be reckon with! Senpai didn't notice me? Kill him! Implied lesbian? Nonsense not on my watch. You get the idea, you are a up and coming queen and as you progress through the game your decisions effect what's happening, or is about to transpire.  Got it on sale for two bucks, but would have gladly paid full price for it. It may look like animu moe♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's actually addictive, if you want to play like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you can, or rule with a gentle touch, you can also. Worth a pick up, thumbs up."
,Recommended,251990,10914985,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,hinu78,"I became a cruel dictator, ganked a commoner with magic, crushed a foreign navy, hung everyone who dared challenged my rule, and married a shota.10/10"
76561198153659239,Recommended,251990,26284649,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Cyanicle,I'll never trust chocolates ever agaiiin!
,Recommended,251990,11002036,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Playing Total War: WARHAMMER II,STOP EATING CHOCOLATE
,Recommended,251990,10938190,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,anti-magic,"Long Live the Queen has often been described as Princess Maker with all the creepy/disturbing♥♥♥♥♥♥stripped out, which is both accurate and apt. There's not much you can say beyond that to really describe the game: you invest in skills, make decisions and hope that when a skill check comes up you can pass and if you fail, hope it is not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fatal check.Outside of the usual grumbling that it is anime as ♥♥♥♥, a common complaint is that the game is too easy and reaching your coronation is not particularly difficult (there's one obscenely obvious path to winning). The real fun is finding all of the alternative events, conversations and side stories in an attempt to collect all the deaths, epilogues and achievements. Want to win a naval battle? Marry a commoner? Join up with the evil guys? Save the day with singing?! All are possible, but you have to invest in the right skills to set off the correct event flags to just get them in motion.If you're looking for a game to add to your completion list then you won't get much out of LLTQ except a laugh or two, but if you like exploring weird skill combinations and reloading save after save because you got ♥♥♥♥ed over by a completely random skill check you weren't expecting, you can definitely get a reasonable amount of entertainment and accomplishment out of this game."
,Recommended,251990,8495919,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lyca,"This game is a series of choices that alter the story in a huge amount of ways. You train skills with classes and events to prevent your own death until you make it to your 15th birthday and are crowned the Queen. It's very easy to get killed and you will likely do so a couple of times before you success, unless you are lucky.You decide how conflicts plan out based on your knowledge in fields, so if you focus on one class of skills, you will be doomed when another is needed for something. Your mother's recent death makes you sad at the beginning, but you can change your mood which in turn affects your class performance. If you do specific events you can unlock magic, which is great and all, but if you don't want to go down that path you don't need to do that, which is fantastic.You can win by making others too afraid to attack you with your presence, have such defenses that assassins fail in their attempt, or magically detect and eliminate someone with your own preference of killing technique. This game is most certainly NOT FOR EVERYONE, but if you like simulation where your choices can branch out into a story and the theme of being the Queen of a magical fantasy world, then pick this game up when you can!"
,Recommended,251990,8613914,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Foxaika♥,"This game is pretty simple to describe. Basically it's like a choose your own adventure novel, with many, many ways to die. Essentially you are playing through a linear story, and you are given different skills to master and choices to make in order to get to one of the multiple endings.The game itself is completely sound, I have not run into any glitches or anything of that sort. I personally like the art style, and the music serves its purpose. I believe the music could be a bit more varied througout, but that isn't a huge complaint. Now as far as the gameplay goes, it's pretty much just point and click. There isn't much to go over in that regard. One thing that is worth bringing up is that thisisa linear game. While there are different outcomes, the path you take is virtually the same. It's important to note this before you purchase, or you may be dissapointed.To conclude, I think this is worth the five dollars I spent on it. It's a fun game with no technical flaws that I can think of, and I got what I paid for. No serious complaints here."
76561198065886149,Recommended,251990,11510249,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Doctor Ditzy,"YOU THINKYOUGOT WHAT IT TAKES TO BE A QUEEN, RECRUIT? THINK YOU CAN SURVIVE WHERE THE HUNDREDS OF OTHERS HAVE NOT?You have no idea what you're in for..."
,Recommended,251990,12754312,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,"a single, shrieking novakid","Much like everyone else who has reviewed this, I went into the game expecting, honestly, something to inwardly parody.Oh how wrong I was.This game- excuse me, /visual novel/- is a literal gem. It's got surprisingly intense strategy, impressive art style, and intrigue to hell. NOT a little girl's princess game.Seriously. The military checks were surprisingly intense."
,Recommended,251990,23054496,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"Long Live The Queen is a raising sim where you train a princess in a variety of social, physical, intellectual and mystical skills. Depending on your choices, her mood affects how quickly she learns in her classes. The gameplay is very similar to games such as The Sims, The Idolmaster and Princess Maker.Unlike conventional raising sims, there is little time to worry about how to raise a perfect little princess. Angry citizens, rival nobles, neighboring countries, monsters and other dangers lie at every corner. After the first few playthroughs, you soon realize that the game is extremely ruthless and unforgiving - simply staying alive becomes the first priority. In a world where everyone is after your head, can you ensure your princess survives till her coronation?Overall, I'd describe the game as a cross between Dark Souls and Princess Maker. Highly recommended to those looking for a unique and challenging simulation game. And despite the malice and cruelty it often rewards, there are a few light-hearted and gentle moments as well."
76561198279625492,Recommended,251990,26702709,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,nmc2c2,"As others have posted, the first 1-3 hours are going to be trial and error, and your plucky female lead will hit dead ends, forcing you to have to restart completely or load a very early save state. This is fun, but not where the real fun of the game is.The real fun is after you've plotted a few routes that lead to survival with their necessary stats, and you can start poking around for all the lore, alternate routes and endings, interactions, achievements, secrets, and more. The challenge changes from surviving to exploring, and the writing and characters in this game are wonderful. I loved this game, and used all of the 100+ save slots to mark various weeks and stat combinations.After 25 hours I'm finally started to feel like I've seen almost all of what the same has to offer, though I still notably have a few achievements left to find."
76561198063545580,Recommended,251990,26585462,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Papillon,"Being a ruler is no easy task, and if by any chance you happen to be an 14 year old girl, then governing the kingdom may be an impossible trial for you. Created by Hanako Games, Long live the Queen lets us to experience such situation, but in a manner of allowing us to discover the story, rather than emphasizing the gameplay on the strategy or governance.Long Live The Queen is another visual novel from the previously mentioned game developer - Hanako Games. You begin the story as Elodie – a young girl, who due to the sudden death of her mother will become the queen of Nova. However your road to coronation will not be a joyful ride, it is festered with responsibilities, decisions, danger and if you are unlucky…  your death. The plot thickens as history develops. Who was your mother? Why did she have to die? What kind of queen will you be? That and many questions will, or will not be discovered (and answered) as you play the game.What differs the LLTQ from other games of Visual Novel genre, is the way how Elodie matures through the gameplay. Aside from making decisions, which affect the story in a way typical to VN (choose specific option bubble), you have to practice new skills. That is right, our young queen is an unfledged bird, that has to learn a thing or two... or make that many, before she will sit on a throne. Your gameplay is divided by weeks and classes . Each week you have to choose which skills you will learn through that time and when, because you have morning and evening classes. Elodie can learn fencing, economics, dancing and much more (the list of skills is huge and even includes the magic of Sailor Moo… err Lumen). Although this is not a typical strategy game, you have to carefully decide, what abilities your character will develop. Your skills shape the story and the number of options, which you are allowed to choose in time. If you meet requirements the ‘’skill check’’ will test the level of your ability. Success leads to better outcome and failure may result in an unfortunate event. Every skill is important, and even taking painting lessons can be a matter of life and death. Did I mention, that Elodie is an easy victim of political intrigue, assassinations and revolts? Knowing how to solve this issues may allow us to live another day.To add more spice to the meal, our future queen is no different than teenagers from real life (she is 14 years old, remember?). Every action you take (weekend activities and several events), affects Elodie’s mood.  The strongest emotion can be your advantage or disadvantage when it comes to learning skills. Angry Elodie will quickly improve with new military strategy, but in that state it would be unwise to make her to understand royal demeanor. You can either use moods to learn desired abilities faster, or try to balance protagonist’s personality.  All in all game swiftly switches to two modes (that cooperate well) – a story full of lore, and strategy where you have to survive and rule the kingdom. And to think that most teenagers in our life worry only about being popular in high school or  getting the first kiss.This shows us the biggest disadvantage of the game. While different skills and options allow us to discover other perspectives to the plotline (there are many ending, which is a big plus), however the danger that lurks in every corner may prevent us from reaching the end of the game in a moment that we did not foresee, so do not be surprised when your protagonist got an arrow to the lung or died from curse because you chose to learn something else. Every death means, that we have to start all over again, and in worst case scenario, we might be forced to do so, because we did wrong decisions and acquired wrong set if abilities. This leaves the LLTQ as an visual novel with huge trial and error gameplay.Although story and mechanics suggest climate full of suspense, danger and harsh resolves, the visual and soundtrack act as an contrast to this vibe. Character’s portraits, user's interface may resemble the style simillar to previous products of Hanako Games such as the Magical Diary. In addition, even demise of our heroin is not shown as gruesome, as we may think – drawn in Chibi style scenes of our unfortunate death, add little humour to Elodie's perilous quest. Too bad though the scenes and characters are not as good as those from Cinders, whereas Cinders has vivid art style, LLTQ seems to be very static and blunt, even if it has some artistic touches . If I were to describe the best feature of the game, that would be game's soundtrack, that consists of  piano music pleasant to ears. Personally I find it as little masterpiece, very simple and relaxing tunes may soothe our soul after another death of Elodie from wicked relatives or nasty animals.To sum it up, a wildly branched story full of different endings, characters, plots and ways to solve problems mixes quite well with simple graphic style, and easy to understand gameplay mechanic. Unfortunately the risk of death sometimes limits our possibilities and our first tries in this game will be pure luck rather than decisions based on our understanding. If you are patient player, that is curious of discoveries, that hide inside the product (game also has achievements), then I can recommend you this game, in other case you might realise, that plotline appears to be too short for you and becomes a very frustrating experience.Long Live The Queen is like a delicious cake filled with too much raisins, and the problem is... I do not like raisins.Pros-	Well written storyline, where we experience different perspectives-	Skills and mood mechanic, that let us greatly influence the story-	If you like manga, then art style may attract you-	Pleasant soundtrack-	High replay valueCons-	Gameplay heavily based on trial and error approach-	Not as artistic as some other visual novels-       Even if story has many paths, main scenario remains too short.Verdict7/10"
,Recommended,251990,27472238,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Garambit,"This game is amazing because of the way it lets you choose what kind of person you will be, what kind of ways you can approach a problem, and it is all in a very simple layout. Having so many possible strategies, endings and untimely demises just by choosing classes and dialogue shows how much work went in to this. You can survive by just choosing skills that seem relevant at the time, though it is unlikely, but to prosper you need to make competent decisions all the way through. A class that you took in week 3 could save or kill you weeks later.Do you want to become a master of intrigue and have your enemies die before they make their move?Or do you want to become a cruel ruler with large armies?Or maybe you just want to become a magical girl and solve all your conflicts by being nice?All of this can be accomplished if you try."
76561198168982771,Recommended,251990,16317145,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Logan Nine Hats,"Elodie, Crown Princess: (He really does want to marry me!)Menu: [Accept his offer] [Politely decline]Player chose: Politely declineElodie, Crown Princess: (I need to let him down gently.)Elodie, Crown Princess: I am not marrying you! I'm only fourteen!Elodie, Crown Princess: (... That may not have been gentle.)Smoothly done"
,Recommended,251990,30617189,Posted: 19 March,all,Gigan463,Magic solves everything. Except when it doesn't. In which case you can usually solve it through intrigue or royal demeanor.
,Recommended,251990,8416416,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,【RedbeЯRy】,"This is a very difficult game, but is has lots of fun.Behing all that cutenesses, it's pretty strategic.Many paths to take, many decissions to make, and almost everyone will lead you to a certain death.It could be a little longer, but I think it's not a big deal because it's very replayable."
,Recommended,251990,13898328,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nisa Moriyama,"10/10. My queen, a military leader expert in strategy and weaponry died by eating chocolate. Would eat again"
,Recommended,251990,22766516,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,FeralSlaaneshi,"First run through, I died because I lost a sword fight.Second run through, maxed out all weapons. Won sword fight. Later died because I didn't put any points in magic.10/10 would be murdered again."
76561197999727504,Recommended,251990,29876806,Posted: 12 February,all,Seliverstaff,"Long Live the Queen is a fully realistic nobility simulator where it is possible to live through another day only if you die, die and die again and load your save.To be serious, the game is pretty good, you need to listen to tutors, plan your princess stats, pay attention to surroundings and rumors.Fully recommended for lay-down gameplay."
,Recommended,251990,8434868,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shiara,"LLTQ is a life-simulation/RPG game where you control a fledgling princess in a land rife with danger, and seek to train her skills and keep her alive until her coronation as Queen in 40 weeks. The characters and lore are well-written, and while at first the anime graphics and simple weekly events recap may lull you into a sense of security (no news is good news?), you soon realise, possibly after your first untimely death, that there are several hidden subplots lurking beneath the surface, and you have to account for them in future playthroughs or die horribly, again.These sorts of games differ from graphic novel games in that there is always a progression of in-game time between turns, and most game decisions, and what options you have, are strongly based upon what kind of skills you have trained up till that point.Each game turn (which represents a full week) takes the following format:1. You get to choose her outfit (if any) -- they're unlocked by training skills to a certain point, and boost all skill checks (but not training) in that skill group for the rest of the week.2. You get to choose two classes for her to take, which improve two of her skills by a certain amount. That amount is modified by any bonuses/penalties to that skill group for the week, which come from her prior knowledge already invested in that skill group, as well as modifiers from her dominant mood.3. You then get a story phase, where every week the ""main plotline"" of the game continues, events occur and resolve, and your character does a bunch of skill checks and often picks an option or two in order to influence the outcome of the story. They are interconnected, so many events early on will influence things later. There is no randomness in this at all - if you train the exact same skills and pick the exact same options in two separate games, events will unfold in the exact same manner both times.4. You then get a weekend phase, where you can pick one of various activities for her to spent her weekend at, to influence her mood. This phase is VERY important because once you figure out how the moods affect the skill bonuses/penalties, you will want to carefully balance her moods, mostly done via these weekend phases, in order to give her the right dominant mood for next week's training. There can be some story events that occur here as well, if you pick specially marked activities that may appear.And then it repeats again, 39 more times, at the end of which you are crowned Queen (if you survive that long).Because the game progresses in weekly instead of daily chunks, I found the game to be much shorter than others of its ilk, my first successful ending was disappointing because my initial reaction was ""Nooo! That's it?! I want to see what happens to her next! She's just starting to come into her own and be a force to be reckoned with! I love her! Let me continue the story! Wah. :(""A lot of the depth of the game is in its side paths, and the branches you can take to successfully reach the end, rather than the length of the story and the actual success or failure. Even now that I know how the story ends, and I am at least dimly aware of all the subplots and what they lead to, I still want to see if I can take her through them at some point to view the story from those perspectives.On the other hand, since each iteration of the game is so short, it actually has a bit of a rogue-like aspect to it, where you learn a little bit more each time you die (or win), and although you have to start over, it doesn't take all that long to get back to where you were before.On a scale of 1-10, I would give it a 7.5:---Graphics (0-2): 1.5It's typical anime graphics and I didn't enjoy that, though I didn't detest it either. However, some of the outfits she gets to wear are decidedly un-queenly and unrealistic. The graphics are static cardboards too, but that is the standard in life sim games and thus acceptable. She gets a different look for each of her 9 possible dominant moods, which was a nice touch.Music (0-2): 1.5The music seemed repetitive, but never got annoying. Also standard for life-sim games. A few more tracks would have been nice, though.Story (0-2): 1.5The story is awesome, and touching, especially since you can never see the entire story at once. The secret subplots going on in the background are very interesting when you realise their existence and look at them after a couple runs. There are little lore snippets written up for all the skills, for every 10 points you gain in each. You feel very connected to your character, and you feel yourself growing with her. There are lots of little awesome moments that don't influence the plot, but that your character can unlock by passing a skill check at a certain point anyway.However! It is linear, comes to an abrupt end, and lacks much replayability. You can play your character a different way, to see a different path or outcome, but it still goes through the same series of events and you know how it's going to end each time. Not all life sim games run like that. I would have liked this scripted part of the story to be the first half of the game, with a second half dealing with after you become Queen where you have to deal with politics and events and manage your kingdom.Gameplay (0-2): 1It really, reeeeeally needs to be longer. There are games with similar sideways depth and branching options that also go on for much longer. At the least, break the weeks up into smaller chunks, and insert minor random events and evening activities in between. Time feels like it flies by and then is over too soon. Yes that lends itself to a rogue-like feel, but I don't think it's the best fit. There aren't enough opportunities to use many of the skills, and there is no reason to train many of them past a certain (unknown) point, or at all, because there are only one or two checks for that skill through the game, and often ones you can easily bypass anyway.UI (0-2): 2It's mouse-based, simple to navigate, and had nothing annoying about it. There is a clean save/load system as well. Mild problems include that the button to progress time was a small button on one screen and there's nothing on the main UI that points you to it before you know where it is. Also, the panels could be a bit more interconnected, I also often found myself wanting to look at my skills screen during the weekend phase, which is impossible.---Life sims are one of my favourite types of genres, and while I wouldn't consider this game the best one I've ever played (Academagia takes that cake as of now), it definitely ranks up there. In a sense, these life sim games are a digital evolution of the gamebook genre in the 90s and early 00s, similar to Lone Wolf, Fighting Fantasy, Fabled Lands, Tunnels and Trolls etc.And between them, LLTQ matches up to Fighting Fantasy the best - something you won't complete on your first try, due to eclectic/unfair skill combinations/choices needed to complete a path, with some rather extravagant skill checks, skills that are only used once or twice anywhere in the story, and all in all a linear plot even though you have several ways to get there, but still a good read overall.(PS: For anyone wondering about Academagia, it ishere. It is awesome, long and packs such a powerful punch at the end that I hate them for not completing Year 2 as of this writing. It isn't on Steam, though, or even Greenlight, yet, because the devs have another nice game on Greenlight that hasn't taken off either. They unfortunately don't really know how to market themselves very well. That other game is Scheheraraze, and is onSteam Greenlight. Also an excellent life sim/RPG. Go vote for it! More life sim games on Steam please. :) )Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,251990,9034416,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,bmrgould,"I found this game very enjoyable, and very indepth. Playing the game and going through the different story possibilities was enjoyable. Though it is all text/static image based, so it may not be for everyone. The game was definitely worth playing.The storyline has a lot of very different events that can be played through. Personally I have seven hours of gameplay, but only 38% of achivements, which would refelct that I haven't even gone through 50% of the possible choices. There is just a lot to this game.The one thing I can think of that I can say could have been better is the skill/stats training system. On a ""weekly"" basis you choose which classes to pick, and the stats effect the choices you can make, and situations you can deal with. So to find all the possible story aspects of the game a player would have to go through a lot of different play throughs with different stats. I find the system can be a bit boring, and uncertain. It does give an enjoyable puzzle aspect to the story, but I would have prefered a more connected choice system that effected stats. Rather than simply choosing a class.Overall, the immensiveness of the storyline and large number of possibilities was very enjoyable. The humour of certain events, such as chocolates *cough*, was very entertaining. If you enjoy reading, and choose your own adventure games its very much worth buying and playing."
76561198022343647,Not Recommended,251990,12803254,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Eminem2,"Incredibly annoying to play, while leaving the feeling that you've been treated *extremely* unfairly by the game's designers.Imagine having to walk blind-folded through a maze littered with traps. Each time you walk into one, you have attained the dubious ability to avoid it on your next trip through the labyrinth. That, basically, is what playing ""Long Live the Queen"" is like. Or actually, it's even worse than that. Since knowing where a trap is and how to avoid it are two different things. But once you've figured out one of the ways of surviving a trap, you'll have to perform it (in terms of getting certain stats high enough in time) every time you replay the game. The developer actually prides him/herself that there is that there are actually two or three ways to survive a trap (scripted event) out of the circa 30 different stat bars this game sports. Injustifiably so, in my opinion, since this still leaves numerous trial & error runs until the player has found one of the solutions.Surely the option to save your game means that you won't have to replay every single event time and again? Well, only in so far as you haven't blown any of the other choices for maxing the proper stat-bars needed for other events that will be coming soon. And you'll have to write down all the choices you've made up to the moment you saved your game. For *every* savegame, or else there is no real point in saving any of your games.So basically, your princess character gets to die. A lot. Which is illustrated with slightly comical visuals.Does all of that stat-maxing, route-mapping, savegame-documenting and dying over and over again sound like fun to you? Then this is just the game for you..."
,Recommended,251990,14876591,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Armchair_Tactician,"False advertisement: Princess dies too fast and too often. Of course, that would be the perfect title if she's using a cloning machine...Fun Facts:1. There's a dangerous weapon in this game that can kill Elodie, no matter how well she can pwn everybody. It's immune to magic and is basically a one-kill wonder, especially after the little princess tidies up a withering plant once her =Decoration is high enough. Yes that's right, it's a freaking basket of chocolate. Man, even Hershey's want Elodie dead.2. Despite looking flashy, discs of light don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥against armor.3. This game is what happens when George R. R. Martin tries to turn Madoka Kaname into a princess.4. Chuck Norris isn't in this game for if he was, Elodie's death would've already been part of the backstory.5. No matter how stupid or how much of a ♥♥♥♥-ing idiot you are,pushing arrows deeper into your flesh is never a great substitute for proper first aid!That is, unless you're a masochistic suicide.6. Contrary to popular belief, not all princesses are immortal. DAMN YOU DISNEY FOR PUTTING THAT 'HAPPILY EVER AFTER' BULLCRAP INTO OUR HEADS!!!!7. There's a way to command the tentacled sea monster to appear: First max out the Wield Magic stat. Afterwards, grab at least three/ four of your Lumen friends to help you out so that you won't turn into Nova's very first (unintentional) suicide bomber. Finally, when the enemy fleet comes within range, yell out ""RELEASE THE KRAKEN!"" and wipe out the unlucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Of course, the tentacled monster is a jerk♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to arriving on time (he do have to finish watching his favorite shows after all) so he'll come by the next day. Of course, he'll be very hungry and will start snacking on your sailors so you have three options: trap him in a magical seal despite the fact that you wanted him to appear in the first place, offer yourself as his next meal and be broken down into nutrients for his huge body (I wonder how many calories does a 14 year old human girl have anyway), or toss your (unwilling) cousin into his maw instead.Of course, if you chose the third option, your auntie had better be dead beforehand or she'll show you the true meaning of being'as stiff as a board'...Of course, there should be the fourth option of feeding Mr. Kraken chocolate but that would make the game too easy, eh?8.If your Flattery stat is too low, you can insult your future mother-in-law's... assets, whichwillquickly backfire...9. This game manages to make dying look cute.10. (All) Most of your family/nobles want you dead. Nuff said. Even the peasants want to see what sort of 'candy' they can get from beating the hell out of an Elodie-shaped pinata if you don't treat them right.11' Even the monsters want you dead for some reason. Maybe your hair remind them of that pink frosting that gave them diarrhea at that last monster party or maybe you'd just unknowingly called them ugly. In either case, don't touch those slimy tentacles with your bare hands. That stuff is anything but sweat. Alternatively, you can let the monster grab your friend and hightail it out of there. Sure her mom would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but you're about to be Queen and she is not. Only the strongest will survive.12. This is one of those games that make you want to plow your fist through the monitor. Please don't do it: computers are expensive these days. Just because you play as a princess doesn't mean you're as rich as one.13. You can become the enemy Lumen's evil minion if you're ruthless enough, Cue the evil theme song.14. It takes guts even for a 14 year old girl to push forward to become Queen, no matter how many times you die. Not even the toughest and most manly characters can touch Elodie's dedication. They all may have fancy guns and shiny swords, but Elodie has her dedication, her skills, and around 1 month of replayed games.My verdict- 2,000,000 deaths/100 livesYoungest-Female-Character-To-Die-Too-Many-Times-In-Her-Repeated-Attempts-To-Become-Queen Simulator 2013"
,Recommended,251990,8009424,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ВеликаяРусь,"On the cover, this game sort of looks like a Princess Maker-styled game. In a way, it sort of is. However, despite the fact that it looks like an incredibly girly visual novel, it is an insanely difficult/complicated strategy game that is actually pretty worth the price. It has wonderful replayability value as you go through and try to unlock different things or get different endings. By different endings, it's better to say ""different ways to die because you can't pass your skill checks."" There are a couple of ""non-death"" endings, but they're... tricky to get. Even then, those different endings have even more variety (or some of them do anyway) depending on different happenings leading up to them that didn't affect the overall ending.It's simple and casual at first glance, but when you actually try to play it, EVERYTHING WANTS YOU DEAD.There are guides out now, yes, but it's still fun to keep playing and trying to come up with better strategies for different options each time.If I have one complaint, it's about the magic system called ""Lumens"" which is kind of hokey. Then again, it fits in with the ""magical girl/shoujo visual novel"" theme the game wants you to get so I supposed in that context, it's fine. That... and the whole coming of age at 15 and getting married to older men at that age is little bit disconcerting but for the time era the game is set in, that isn't really unusual. It's ""safe for work"" at any rate.If you like raising sims mixed with strategy and political intrigue, you'll probably enjoy this despite the pink sparkles and glitter everywhere."
76561197971854318,Recommended,251990,31697447,Posted: 12 May,all,human004,"I enjoy games like Mount and Blade, Dark Souls, and Elite: Dangerous... apparently I also enjoy pretending to be a little 14 year old princess struggling to rule a kingdom. Am I ashamed? no. Instead I'm trying to decide if Battlefield Medicine or Interior Decorating would be a more interesting secondary skill. 9/10"
,Recommended,251990,14399164,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,WAR M ACHINED,"I really wish there was a way to give this an I dont give a crap or play at your own risk recommendation. I was overthrown for challenging a Duke who basically called me♥♥♥♥♥♥ Poisoned by chocolates because I didnt know enough about dogs and no matter what I do my cousin or I always gets bitten by a snake. The game is interesting, Ill give it that. But no matter how high my skill's are I seem to always fail the checks, No matter what choices I make. The interaction I prepared for doesnt happen or I succeed a check and it makes very little diffence in the outcome. The reviews Ive read basically say the game is addicting. Its a love hate realtionship. I suppose thats true, but having a 45 in history and elegance and I still fail the check makes the game just feel like no matter what you would be pretty much doomed to fail regardless"
,Recommended,251990,8024668,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,roli,stop eating the chocolates you dumb♥♥♥♥♥
76561198054387451,Recommended,251990,23416294,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kuolema,This is like Dark Souls 4......with cute dresses and playing with dogs :O)
,Recommended,251990,29662423,Posted: 2 February,all,America,Truely amazing. Totally would recommend it to everyone who doesen't mind dying all the time.
76561197992659494,Recommended,251990,8397027,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,You will pay for your sacrilege,moé
,Recommended,251990,7645505,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Gao,"Princess Maker? No, this is Princess Death Simulator. The game can be down-right brutal at times, and the short time span (under 40 turns) means that multiple playthroughs are required to go through all the branching possibilities. Masochists and sadists alike will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,251990,10883847,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JS,WTF did I just buy?
76561198094155599,Recommended,251990,15112961,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,No One,Ended a war by singing.10/10
,Recommended,251990,8050649,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Zenoren,"You want to play pretty princess dress up? You might want to look somewhere else. This ain't it. This addictive little game is a bit of a ""life simulator"" where you play a princess whose mother has just passed away. That means she (you) are going to be crowned queen when you come of age next year. If you survive.First, be prepared to die.Second, be prepared to start writing notes so that next play thru you won't die (as much).Hilarity ensues."
,Recommended,251990,25043596,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,PancakeMIX,I hope you like studying.
76561198063930543,Recommended,251990,13929392,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Thatch,10/10 if you played and liked Darksouls then you should try this next.[ btw The chocolate is a lie... ]
,Recommended,251990,10884012,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Urban Legend,"IMMA TELL YOU RIGHT NOW.DO YOU LIKE TO FEEL AGONY AFTER REALIZING YOU ♥♥♥♥ED UP DAY ONE ON THE JOB BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T HAPPY IN CLASS?DO YOU THINK THAT PATIENCE IS VIRTUE AND YOU RUSH THAT YOU ARE CALLING FOR AN ASSKICKING?Well then, you come to the right place.*Major spoilers ahead*BECOME ELODIE ON HER (DANGEROUS) QUEST TO (SURVIVE 'TIL SHE IS 15) BECOME A QUEEN.DON'T KNOW♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT TRADING? WELL EAT THAT CHOCOLATE SOMEONE SENT YOU AND TRY AGAIN.YOU THINK GOING TO A PARTY WITHOUT KNOWING TO BE FAST AND KNOW PHYSICS OF AN ARROW? BETTER KNOW WHAT HAPPENS ON THE BATTLEFIELD AND TREAT THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥AND TRY AGAIN.GO WITH YOUR FRIEND AND GET ATTACK BY MONSTERS? DANCE THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OR LEAVE HER BEHIND. NOT YOUR FAULT YOU FAILED ALL THOSE STAT CHECKS.DON'T WANT TO BE QUEEN LIKE OR BE AN ACCOUNTANT? ASK YOUR AUNT TO GET YOU YOUR MAGIC CRYSTAL THAT MAKES YOU A MAGICAL GIRL. YOU DON'T NEED NO IRONIC WISH OR A KYUBEY. USE THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥TO BLOW UP BOATS, RIOTS, ♥♥♥♥♥ES WHO CHALLENGE YOU TO A DUEL, AND MORE.Maybe all the action isn't for you and you just wanna get married, because you are a princess and want a king to be next to y- *SMACK* F*** DAT ♥♥♥♥♥. YOU CAN STAND ALONE AS AN INDEPENDANT 14 YEAR OLD GIRL. YOU DON'T GOTTA GIVE UP LAND, YOU MAKE SURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND YOU REPRESENT THE NOVAN KINGDOM AND ANYONE WHO WANTS SOME HAS TO STEP UP AND JUST TRY TO TAKE IT....Or you could forget to study trade and production and eat the chocolate you are sent... that too.I think I wrapped thi- OH WAIT.IF YOU GET ENOUGH STATS IN THE 3 SKILLS OF THAT SECTION OF THE TREE, YOU GET AN OUTFIT.GET LUMEN'S STATS GOOD ENOUGH? BAM. MAGICAL GIRL OUTFIT YOU CAN WEAR, RATHER THAN THAT NASTY BOARDING SCHOOL OUTFIT.WANNA BE A SPY? GET YOUR INTRIGUE UP, GET DAT CATSUIT.WANNA KNOW A LOT IN MILITARY? HOPE YOU ARE READY, BECAUSE BAM. YOU STOLE NAPOLEAN'S OUTFIT.THIS GIRL AIN'T ONE TO F*** WITH.Ok, now I am done... any hateful comments?Oh, you in the corner? Come up here and tell us... *SMACK* NO-ONE ASKED YOU.Oh, you say I DID ask you? Let me help you up- *SMACK* YOU BROUGHT THAT ON YOURSELF.MAGICAL GIRL/10(Btw, I played this a lot on my friend's account when I didn't have the money to buy it, but now I do and I finally could write that review.)"
,Recommended,251990,15242422,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,chairbender,"One of the appealing aspects of visual novels, for some people, is ""mastering"" the mechanics: Learning the flags, checks, etc... and using that mastery to obtain an outcome you desire. It's the same sort of engagement you might get from a puzzle game. I think that this game focuses on emphasizing that aspect of enjoyment. The reward for being able to reach new branches of the story is getting to see what happens, and the writing and art is certainly good enough (for me) to make that worthwhile.When you first play this game a few times, it's just interesting to see what happens based on the choices you make. Eventually, though, you may find yourself more interested in trying to get to the end, and that's where the gameplay changes.When I first saw this game, I thought that the events that happened to your character each day were just random, so you wouldn't be able to plan your classes very strategically. Well, I was wrong. As far as I can tell, each ""week"" of the game always has the same event, but what actually happens may change entirely based on what has happened on previous days. So, there's enough stability to give you the ability to strategize.At this level of play, the game involves a lot of saving and loading as you explore different choices and different classes. The game seems designed with this in mind: saving and loading is really quick. At any point you can right click to bring up the save/load screen. I never found myself getting frustrated by going back and reloading a save. The game makes it easy to remember what you did in each save by including the week you were on and letting you name the save. It also lets you quickly skip through dialogue you've already seen.If you like visual novels you'll probably really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,251990,8650826,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sleepy Setto,Will she make it to the corination ? ..no..no she won't
,Recommended,251990,10732971,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cannot Reproduce,Paul Loves this game.
76561198106889864,Recommended,251990,17228438,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fagio.darkie,"I like to think of this game as ""the Dark Souls of visual novels"". Very mechanical, hard to complete and surely lots of fun if you have the strength to persevere.Pros:+ Innovative mechanics: create your build, make choices accordingly and see how far does it go;+ Meticulously crafted lore, which is pleasant to the mind;+ A game where you can survive even without knowing anything about war or swordplay!Cons:- It actually will frustrate you. Over and over again.- Menu is not easily available (I discovered the existence of ""save"" and ""load"" options after some days);- Call me a perfectionist, but I regret that there is no way to do a ""perfect"" run.This is no game for the action lovers. It is a game of patience and strategy, (failed) run after (failed) run. I got frustrated and left it untouched for quite some time, but I didn't give up yet."
,Recommended,251990,32998594,Posted: 29 June,all,TheDeviloftheRhine,"This game is coated in my tears and Elodie's blood, there's probably a landfill somewhere filled with stacks of Elodie's many corpses.    A small loan of a million / 10 would die again and probably will die again.  Must play game."
,Recommended,251990,28983398,Posted: 3 January,all,fukin kil me,"local anime attempts to not die for an entire year. pretty fun, buy it on sale though, because it's pretty short."
,Recommended,251990,25065180,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Rippy,"I did it! I win!I became Queen! yay!It wasn't too bad, I only had to take an arrow to my gut, bleed out to death, get killed by some weird magical chain, drown in the sea, get my skull broken, get eaten by a Kraken, get blasted by magic powers, eat chocolates to only find out it is poison and losing fights to the death, nothing big."
76561198194910041,Recommended,251990,30505957,Posted: 14 March,all,tasslehoff ii,so much death so much fun it is like dark souls but with better music
76561197980238865,Recommended,251990,10955497,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blarghalt,Imagine Dark Souls if in Dark Souls you played an anime princess. That's this game.
,Recommended,251990,31285969,Posted: 21 April,all,Blizzard Fowl,"Play this game with your special other. Buy it as a joke, play it competitively and then laugh while the other dies. Rinse, repeat, until someone finally gets ONE of the endings and starts to cry."
,Recommended,251990,18329824,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LunaspiriT,It's really difficult to be a princess.
76561198280905845,Recommended,251990,23972661,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nomadicwanderer11,I've never seen a game with so much replay value! I've played this game over a dozen times already!!!
76561198053499631,Recommended,251990,8399181,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SwanSupernova,"Elodie, Elodie, Elodie...the last three letters of your name says it all. This girl dies a lot. In fact, in the few hours I've played I've managed to kill her in three different ways. This game looks adorable, but don't be fooled. Deep down it is a thinly disguised murder machine. There's a lot of strategy to this game. I spent a good portion of my time trying to avoid being killed  by an arrow to the chest only to die from poision. As frustrating as it is, it's highly addicting and extremely fun. There's a good deal of depth and strategy involved.  The music is fine, but nothing spectacular. If you pay attention to your lessons there's actually a lot of lore and general knowledge about certain topics to be learned. Definitely worth the price."
76561197974034771,Recommended,251990,34656118,Posted: 1 September,all,schattenklinge,"hard to foresee, what will kill you after another 5 turns.good story and rewarding enough ending to go for a few other ways of playing it."
76561198297960277,Recommended,251990,22881909,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Waterrain,I have enjoyed playing this game. It can be a bit frustrating for one little mis-step and it is all over. Different ways on how the game can end.
76561198013044491,Recommended,251990,8442027,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bonus Board,"If you are a fan of virtual novels and/or RPGs, I highly recommend this fantastic game. When I say that EVERY choice you make matters, I don't mean it lightly. You could pick a flower in this game and it might mean the upstart of a revolution or the dying of a sun.The UI is terrific, and very easy to get used to. Simple, but not stupidly so. The game doesn't hold your hand but it doesn't shove you forward and say ""Pick up that can"" either.An absolutely amazing virtual novel, and an amazing story."
,Recommended,251990,7614021,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Paikia,"The minute I noticed this game, I realized I was going to like it. I guess I have a soft spot for japanese simulation games (Recettear: An Item's Shop Tale is one of my all-time favorites), and that was enough for me to depart with $9 and get the game without digging too deep.Well, my bet ended up being quite a success - since I started playing, I couldn't leave it for quite a while. Died twice already, and I'm about to get back to the game later tonight, as soon as I'm done with some chores.So, my final conclusion: if you like japanese simulation games, get this one. No need to pay  as much as I did (full price is $10, had 10% off on release), wait for a sale and pay less, if you're patient enough, but don't pass on it, it's too much fun for that! :D"
,Recommended,251990,8474459,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SinOfHeart,"I'm a bit mixed on this game, although it was certainly enjoyable enough that I would recommend it to the right kind of person.The game is basically a stat oriented Visual Novel game, where you spend time studying 2 different subjects each week in order to help prevent and avoid future things that will cause your demise (which take the form of stat checks).  Overall the gameplay is rather basic, and there are many instances where you will see the possiblity for replay value to see what happens if you pass certian stat checks (although from some I saw it seems that the checks have no real effect even if you pass them). I will admit I've only seen one ending so far, so it is possible that some stat progressions may change some of the major events that I don't know about.Stuff I enjoyed:-The artwork in the game is adorable and fun (although there is no animation).-The game also has a good sense of humor which lightens the feeling of getting into a dead end you can't get out of.-The plot is well paced and fun.Stuff I kind of disliked:-Because of the nature of the game it heavily encourages save-stating and redoing to see if you have actually put yourself in a position you can't get out of (although the game does provide a dialoge skip feature if you press TAB).-Some aspects of the game like how exactly mood affects stat growth and how outfits work aren't fully explain and will require a playthrough just to learn (but since you have no idea which stats might be good anyways you are going to be learning that too, so it isn't that big a deal).-The game is very linear (there are some randomly placed events, but they don't seem all that important) so you know when major events will hit (which is nice in that it makes figuring out how to beat the game easier, but also makes the game super predictable, save for figuring out a different sequence of skill progressions to reach the ending in a different way)."
,Recommended,251990,8810700,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TekDragon,"Long Live the Queen is a visual novel roleplaying game mixed with a death simulation. Yes, you read that right.In LLtQ you play as Princess Elodie, whose mother, the queen, has just died. As the regent you are handed the reigns of authority and must manage your kingdom successfully in the 40 weeks until your coronation as queen.Your day to day activities in LLtQ revolve around managing your moods, taking classes (with bonuses or penalties depending on your mood), and making decisions in a personal and royal capacity. Throughout the story you'll be making countless dozens of skill checks against your knowledge and abilities.Some of these skill checks are trivial, but most are important. Many of these checks are survival tests, like a check to dodge an arrow (fail and you take an arrow to the stomach), followed by a check for battlefield medicine (fail and you bleed out). Others open up or lock you into plot alternatives, almost all of which will eventually lead to further survival tests.Yes, in Long Live the Queen you'll be dying. Over and over. You'll be poisoned, drowned, run through with swords, burned to a crisp, eaten by monsters, and have your brains splattered across the floor.And that's where the magic of this game lives. Beneath its cute anime novel roleplaying exterior is a soul of hardcore planning mechanics that tempers that cuteness in a forge of brutality. Every tragic death will motivate you to plan better, choose better, and fight better to get that adorable princess on the throne on her 15th birthday.LLtQ was a wonderful surprise and one that I can easily recommend. It scratched the itch created by Academagia (a far, far deeper simulation that I heartily recommend) and far surpassed the fun, yet shallow and lackluster, experience of Magical Diary."
,Recommended,251990,15202938,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Desulie,I got chocolate as gift. My character ate it. Died. Just like irl ;w;
76561198079456651,Recommended,251990,34445484,Posted: 23 August,all,Scotsman1066,"I'm not generally a fan of most anime games, because they tend to be quite inappropriate, but I love this game. It has everything I love in a game: an amazing art style, a great story, the ability to be replayed over and over without getting bored, and royalty. I highly recommend this game to anyone even remotely interested in: magic, royalty, or anime."
76561198007814879,Recommended,251990,10885358,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Producer,"Princess. Check. Sword skills to shame Bariston Selmy. Check. Strategic, tactical and military power to conquer the world. Check. Chocolate. Check. Death by poison. Check.Take Crusader Kings, FTL and Anime, sprinkle in some princess and throw on a skimpy magician outfit and you have Long Live the Queen. 10/10, harder than Dark Souls."
,Recommended,251990,30357554,Posted: 6 March,all,ILoveMilkTea 💯👌💦,Who wouldn't want a game that allows you to play with toys while a foreign invasion is going on?
,Recommended,251990,8410333,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,gangstadiddle,my dream of being a little girl comes true
76561198007671081,Recommended,251990,8651729,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Diomedes,"Very simple, very pink, and loads of fun."
,Recommended,251990,7961273,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Slow,a gorillion ways to die: magical girl edition
,Recommended,251990,8004170,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,arbor day,"Don't let the girly anime look put you off, this game is great. It's also not a creepy pedo game like Princess Maker or something.It's heavily centered around what choices you make to manage your mood and what classes you choose to attend to raise your gigantic list of skills. Nearly every event has one or more skill checks, with many giving more than one ""correct"" skill to pass the event. There are many ways you will end up dead before you become the Queen, and when you finish a game (win or lose) there is an option to output the story and player choices into an html text log, which is really interesting.This is a neat game, and if you like managing stats you should pick it up."
76561198044581594,Recommended,251990,7837694,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Evangeline Ingram,"This game looks like it's pretty and pastel and of absolutely no consequence whatsoever.Five or six deaths later, you may begin revising that assessment.This is a strategy game. This is a game about staying alive in a hostile environment. You will die. Repeatedly. To the same things that you died to before.You could lose a civil war.You could lose an uncivil war.You could annoy someone by killing their family and be run through in a duel.You could be shot by bandits.You could be blown up by an enemy mage.You could eat poisoned chocolate.That's not even half of all the ways that you can die in the short year before you inherit.And if you're crowned, that most distant possibility? Well, sure, you might have taken the kingdom. The question is, will that kingdom still be worth ruling?You won't be done with this game until you've achieved your perfect realm and learnt all the secrets hidden from your blissfully unaware heir.After all... How did your late mother, the queen, pass away, anyway?"
76561198012276748,Recommended,251990,9022942,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Klotsz,Why study dancing when you can MELT YOUR FOES' FACES WITH THE POWER OF MAHOU SHOUJO? Because what good is melting others' faces when your own is overheating from a social faux pas?Far preferable is it to learn naval strategy and direct things from the shadows.
,Recommended,251990,9313323,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Uro ★,The most god damn kawaii Princess simulator you'll ever play.
,Recommended,251990,7846992,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mydlak,"Well that is a very nice game. I am highly recommending this for all anime fans. The music during the game is pretty catchy. You will need like 2-3 hours to beat that game but it have few endings so you can experiment with ""skilling"" your princess."
,Not Recommended,251990,8612711,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Admiral Lag,"Would not recomend for impatient people even a decent player of civ that can survive for quite a long time without breaks might find this game very slow, unrewarding and make you seem like a big enough failure to think your doing everything wrong when your probably not. Its stressful and isnt worth the ten dollars. Although it has a good enough soundtrack to buy on a sale."
,Recommended,251990,8309846,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,rj,Best game where you play as a little noble girl and die horribly since CK2
,Recommended,251990,13545068,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Xentropy,"This game may be sho-->GACK!<Sorry about that, an arrow flew in through the win-->ARGH!<Damnit, an assassin slipped a dagger in my ba-->GURGLE<Drowned in my bath. This is getting ridi--You get the idea. You'll die. A lot. Try out different skills and see what sorts of endings you can end up with. Collect all the endings to ""win"". Fun for when you only have a few minutes free, as you can generally play through one ""life"", even a longer one, in 30 minutes or so. Worth the small asking price during a sale."
,Recommended,251990,8303654,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,"Oh, fruitata",I like pretending im a pink haired loli and also a princess
,Recommended,251990,29837247,Posted: 10 February,all,Lieutenant Whalesworth,"Be carefulYou have learnt lots about history, strategy, intrigues, and even magic. As a queen, you have resolved diplomatic crisis with your neighbours, dealt with court intrigue and thwarted acivil war.Yet in the end, because you has not learnt enough about economics, poison,andcourt manners, you met your demise...By eating apoisoned chocolate sent by a companyEven your knowledge of intrigue didn't help you at all from dying ridiculously after thecivil warthat you've ended.Be careful of your choices"
,Recommended,251990,30140552,Posted: 24 February,all,DrG1gg1es,"Each playthrough of this game can be finished within a few hours (or like me less than an hour), short yes I know but each playthrough is about learning from your mistakes and correcting or just changing your playstyle resulting in a longer than foreseen comepletion time.The art is simple but pleasing, the skill building mixed with mood mulitpliers makes for a style of gameplay that goes beyond just grinding for XP in one skill but instead planning for the events that you failed in the last playthrough just so you can tell that prick at the dance that I am a queen and I will be the one using him not the other way around.either way magic is happiness and long live the queen"
,Recommended,251990,14445514,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Killthief99,10/10This game is pretty short but there's multiple ways to approach it every playthrough making it really fun to play again and again.
,Recommended,251990,19726016,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Shougen,"Day XX, I have accomplished my task and returned to my castle. I decided to treat myself with a box of CHOCOLATES in honor of my victory. Ah, this tastes funny. It's almost as if something does not belong in such sweets. Ugh, I don't... feel so... rig-Indeed this visual novel/game is very difficult to find the good endings, but I seem to enjoy playing this in search of them.The Brilliant:-You can make your own choices, and such will depend on the situation at hand-Costumes that boost your method of play are included-The piano bgm goes well to the situationThe Foolish:-The mood swings get confusing unless you take notes on what they do for you-Some actions demand tons of skill points, making the game more harshRating: 9.3/10Reccomend: If you like interactive stories, definitely get this"
,Recommended,251990,18027311,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,roamingbeauty,"This game...It will make you, laugh, cry, scoot to the edge of your seat, and feel fear all in one go.It's a never ending torture of a game that you're not sure if you're going to die or make it.Solely based on the choices you make.You will fall in love with some of these characters and even marry them!It messes with your mind becuase these characters are in a game.But, you feel the story line just jump out of the screen.You feel for this Princess and need to finish her story.It's hard to just stop playing and take a breath when you're in the heat of a battle.And not only do you feel for the Princess. At times you feel like you are the princess.Trying to protect your Kingdom with Lumen magic from a hot King who sadly is evil.There are so many different endings and achivments that sometimes it feels like it is nowhere possible to unlock them all. When you play this game, expect to be amazed with the graphics and story.You can change the story just by one little mistake or maybe even one little good luck moment.You can't just study topics at random. Eventually, you will have a system on what to study and when.Sacrifices will be made. Regrets will be felt.Don't hesitate to play if you want to feel one with the character.This piece of art is worth every penny."
,Recommended,251990,25598186,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Alexulter,"Perfect combination of visual novel and strategy. You will meet princess's death many times trying to become a queen.And it's not easy to get what you want, because there's butterfly effect - you change something, but something else turns out to happen.Some bad reviews I've seen so far only were from people who found this game too difficult for them and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by that. So if you are looking for casual stuff it's not for you, because it's on hard difficulty level."
,Recommended,251990,23150152,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pepper,"Slight spoilers ahead.THINGS I MANAGED TO DO IN THIS GAME:-Accidentally accepted a marriage proposal.-Didn't have enough self control to stop myself from eating chocolate, died.-Vaporzied someone at a competition designed to raise my people's morale.-Told my personal servant to throw away a gift from a dear friend like a stone cold ♥♥♥♥♥.-Fell from a tower trying to get a poem that said supposedly lewd things about me.-Threw a ceremonial scepter at a woman who I ordered executed after she charged me.-Refused to build a hospital because I thought grouping sick people together was bad.-Tried to defuse a tense situation of one of my terriroties being occupied by a hostile army.-Didn't defuse the tense situation, executed their diplomat.-Pushed the occupying force out after a short conflict, I forsee no possible complications from this.-Sentenced a possibly possessed man to death for murdering his wife.-Possessed man killed several guards using demonic magic then promptly fled.11/10"
,Recommended,251990,8074257,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,FrostyFeet,"THIS GAME IS SINGLE HANDEDLY THE MOST BADASS THING I HAVE EVER ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYED. YOU START THIS MASTERPIECE AS A PRETTY ANIMU PRINCESS WHO'S MOM JUST DIED, IT'S TIME TO WOMEN UP AND BECOME THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING QUEEN! ♥♥♥♥♥♥ NOBLES WANT SOME EXTRA PROVINCES? CRUSH THEM IN A CIVIL WAR LIKE THE MONSTER YOU ARE. EXUCUTE THOSE ♥♥♥♥ERS FOR MESSING WITH YOU. FIGHT OFF ASSASSIANS, DIE TO POSINONED CHOCOLATE BECAUSE THOSE SKILL CHECKS ARE IMPOSSIBLE, AND FAIL EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BECAUSE THAT IS THE ONE THING ELODIA CAN DO FLAWLESSLY. PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,251990,7888688,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kouhai,"So pretty and cute. So strategy-intensive. So well-done. Would recommend to people who like visual novels and critical thinking. Even if you don't like pink and frills, try it! There's a demo on the hanakogames website that you can download and try, if you're not sure about purchasing blind. You'll love it. Great game."
,Recommended,251990,10653383,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,goet,"What drives a man of God to wash away the sins of his past, only to blacken his heart with a multitude more? How far can a freedom fighter be pushed before virtue and righteousness are replaced by a lust for vengeance? What does a privileged society do when the foundation of its prosperity is shaken? Long Live The Queen dares to explore these heady themes and many more, giving you glimpses at just how the seemingly smallest of decisions can forever alter our realities, and our hearts. As a young princess, your actions bring turmoil and strife to an ostensibly idyllic landscape. It's immensely fun to stir up trouble, and even more engaging to see how boldly Long Live The Queen portrays a society torn asunder. You'll be haunted by this thematically devastating adventure, and indeed, its phenomenal final minutes, which are bound to be discussed and dissected for some time to come."
,Recommended,251990,18350246,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Boltte,Long Live the Queen!
76561198206881205,Recommended,251990,20423852,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Taylor,Strangely addictive :P Really good to play
,Recommended,251990,20391904,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,cvalentine07,"I have no idea how this game got in my library, but boy, am I glad it did! This is definitely not the type of game I normally gravitate towards, at least by the initial art. Don't let the anime-style and hearts fool you. This game is surprisingly complex with a tons of options, and seems simple to begin. Man, I was surprised the first time my poor little princess died-out of nowhere! Play this game!"
76561198052417720,Recommended,251990,20599662,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tails93,"Took me about five hours to beat without a walkthrough. I expected it to be tougher after reading so many people compare it to Dark Souls. To be fair I did die alot though. Simple game and soundtrack, yet many branching options make the game interesting to play and give it some replay value. For $11.00 you can't really go wrong here, fun game."
,Recommended,251990,12490897,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,svmsi,I've probably died over 57 times in this game;still the best thing to ever happen.*blows myself up* elodie.. God damnit12/10
,Recommended,251990,14124262,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Avarice,This game taught me how to oil falcons. 10/10.
,Recommended,251990,7618102,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Dr. Fetus,The road to becoming a queen is harrowing. You will die. A lot.
,Recommended,251990,13968127,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Inactive Blowp,So many routes to go thruSo many clothes to wearSo many deaths to dieSo many people to marry10/10 would rec to ppl who want to be a kawaii princess and die horrible deaths
,Recommended,251990,14331399,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Guiedo JR,I was a master of Combat and Strategy and was the pretiest princess of them allBut then the Chocolate Nation attacked
,Recommended,251990,10443841,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,SeveralSmallGoblins,"Ate chocolate and died. 10/10In all seriousness, pretty fun game. At times, it can be frustrating, as you will train for skills that you may never get to use, or will work on a skill, encounter an situation where you need to use the skill and not have enough experience, and then continue to feverishly work on pursuing said skill when you'll actually never need it. I suppose that's all a part of the challence though, no? Intresting dynamics overall, I have yet to become the Queen but I'm working on it.7.5/10 overall."
,Recommended,251990,7944684,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zapponia,"An infuriating game, that will make you ragequit several times. I love it"
76561198039304397,Recommended,251990,32819425,Posted: 26 June,all,Dr. Psycho,This game is so addictive! But - you can never be sure if you survive next two weeks... There are so many ways to die and lose that finally becoming a queen is the best achievement already. Jeez.
76561198328380715,Recommended,251990,25319109,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lovebows,"So I managed to become queen on my second playthrough. I thought 'hey, this game isn't as bad as what people said it would be! I'm going to try to be queen again!' and promptly started a new game.I soon realized my becoming queen that one time was a fluke as a died again and again and again. And yet I'd keep loading up the game so that I could keep dying again and again and again."
76561198085072567,Recommended,251990,8979601,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,xaponix,"Don't believe the title, it's all about killing the queen."
,Recommended,251990,10945302,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Natani,"This game let me execute common people, assassinate nobles, sacrifice my relative, nuke enemy's fleet and... die by poison 10/10."
76561198064570237,Recommended,251990,9446242,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LCA | Le Pewfsy,"Good game, It's like the Walking Dead, but with a princess."
,Recommended,251990,33709767,Posted: 21 July,all,AsCii_exe,I don't know what I was expecting from this game but I definetly wasn't expecting for it to have such a deep and ramified story and worldbuilding
,Recommended,251990,14151870,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,『Paul Bunyan』,♥♥♥♥ Chocolate
,Recommended,251990,10907018,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,gergely_robert,ses
,Recommended,251990,33692801,Posted: 21 July,all,Saipher ヽ(´ー｀)ﾉ,"Littlefinger: Do you want to be a queen?Margaery Tyrell: No. I want to be *the* queen.This game is a better-luck-next-time-Simulator. But not in the bad RNG way. It's more like trial and error.You choose your outfit, you choose what you study, events happen and you have to react. That's basically it.But every princess wants to be *the* queen, so after you have taken an arrow to the gut, had your life drained, have fallen victim to a monster, blown yourself up, let your blood run dry, chocked on magical chains, drowned at sea, cracked your skull, been blasted by magic, been poisoned, and have gotten too close to a sword over and over again you might become *the* queen someday.Good Luck!And if you are lazy and just want to be *the* queen take a look at the walkthroughs."
,Recommended,251990,11067366,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Duckroll,It's basically My Little Pony if it was written by George RR Martin
,Recommended,251990,23650305,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Spicy,"You'll only fully appriciate this game after much trial and error. You manage over a queen-in-training, with multiple routes to  ensure she survives and possibly thrive. All choices seem to have very harsh consequences, even some as far as fifteen turns back. If small precious little princess Elodie dies, you'll proceed to regret not saving as frequently. Compelling environment in the sense of lore and backstory to captivate the biggest nerds.Not for those prone to rage quitting on initial attempt."
,Recommended,251990,8393128,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nifty,GOTY 2013!Would play again!
,Recommended,251990,8345215,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SDM Lorelei,"Awesome text adventure sim, just overly epic, but sadly a little too short. Replay  value though is high."
76561198022139897,Recommended,251990,27774166,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,meristel,"I bought the game  for its looks, expecting a fun and cute little game.I keep coming back to it for its depth. The game is rich, there are so many strategies and storylines and... and ways to die!"
,Recommended,251990,8509317,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Slinker,"An intresting little oddity. Yet is barly scartching the surface of it's potential. I miss animations, more graphics, and music that isn't dreadful. But worth a try if you're man enough."
,Recommended,251990,26291315,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Kruewella,"This game is so good.  I off all the visual novels I've played, this is probably my favorite.  It's so much more than just reading.   Its not about a linear story line that sometimes branches off on the choices you make.  Its a series of checks, which makes things more exciting because you don't know always if you pass or fail until you get there.  There are so many acheivements and things to unlock.  Even its replayability is amazing,  I love to play and just pick randomized choices to see how far I get.  Show me another visual novel I can put 100+ hours in without getting bored.  10/10 would be a princess again."
,Recommended,251990,20140150,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lazekozuya,"If you like reading (or not) and like to get achievements, then this game is for you. I spend my time earning all achievements after I get the hang of all the events that go down the line. It's multiple choice/options with strategy in skills to help you in certain paths/storyline.Recommend this to anyone who likes different choice outcomes and to those who are patient with achievements.10/10 Sunk a whole fleet in war11/10 would do it again, and again"
,Recommended,251990,18479661,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,BlazeTig,Death by chocolate10/10
,Recommended,251990,16358666,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[KR]Silvio Rodriguez,"Long Live The Queen is the first ""Visual Novel"" I've playedI didn't expect much when I entered it, I even thought I wouldn't like it.It sounds quite boring, but belive me, it's not.In this game you play as guess who? The Queen, or rather the soon to become queen.Her mother died, and the royal law grants her the queendom, however she must turn 15 first.And this is where your game starts, you start as the 14 year old soon to be queen, and your only goalis to keep you alive for one year, until coronation day!Now to gameplay, since this is a visual novel all you do is press buttons and read.But there are a lot of buttons, first you have classes, and I'm not talking about RPG classes but ratherschool classes, that you attend to raise your skills in agility, history, faith, etc.These skills will be useful in one way, events.Every week you will have certain events happen to you, and these events can be a problem, unless you have enough skill points. And belive me, you will have to re-try this a lot of times, because in the end it just comes to remembering what the events demand from you and then adapt to that in later playthroughs! And your skills are not only affected by the classes you go to, but also by the clothes you wear, when you reach a certain level in one skill, you will gain an outfit that will boost that skill.And what happen if you fail one of these events? Well, worst case: You die! You will die a lot, or maybe you will be great, but I died a lot.The graphics aint much to talk about, there are images, nothing more, good quality, kinda pretty so it's nice.The music is soothing and nice too, get's a bit repetitive though.I highly recommend this game to anyone who like... event-driven games, such as Crusader Kings 2 or other visual novels, also classic text-adventures."
76561198169199445,Recommended,251990,25253643,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mireia,"Come for the dying, stay for the plot."
76561198103321571,Recommended,251990,29427418,Posted: 22 January,all,Jelly,"I might be safe to say that no one else one here has played this game as much as I have, and I must say it is a great game. I alsot must say that it has flaws. It has A LOT of trial and error, and so if that is not your kind of cake then don't take a slice. Overall the game is pleasant, and has a lot of replayability. The endings are good, but the gameplay is quite meticulous. Everything you do will make a difference, and it can be very difficult at times.If you played those Cute Knight games from a while back then you will like this game, but you most know it is still very different from the original style. Art has gotten better, and the gameplay is more complicated."
,Recommended,251990,10883184,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Duskyui,I ate chocolate and I died.10/10
76561198040643925,Recommended,251990,28030446,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fantasma,I am the prettiest princess.  My throne shall be built of the skulls of all who claim to be prettier than I.  My armies shall be grand.  My rule shall be terrible.  My tea parties shall be lovely.
,Recommended,251990,7913822,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,MXGE,"Long Live The Queen is an intuitive interactive story game that paints a portrait of a kingdom falling apart at the seams as their new princess takes control of the kingdom when her mother, the queen, dies. With assassinations, executions, magic, financial problems, a civil war, naval and military battles, and countless other troubles, Long Live The Queen provides a little bit of everything, creating a game that everyone can thoroughly enjoy. This game is fun, addictive even, with a richly deep storyline and unpredictable action around every corner. Long Live The Queen provides countless hours of gameplay, and with each death, a chance to make better choices the next turn around, as you try to protect Elodie until her coronation day."
,Recommended,251990,8413303,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,"Quite a nice little game. Not as in-depth as one would like, but the number of possible outomes to events as well as different paths is staggering. However, to expand upon my early statement, things are not random nor do they allow for more flexibility when learning skills, so it is very hard to actually do anything new.For instance, I may not have enough Lore or Foreign Affairs to know this one thing because I only had a day to study two skills. Perhaps an increase in classes per day could overcome this.All in all, a fantastic game, and I'm right now starting my military despot run. I will take my people into civil war hereby unknown to the world."
,Recommended,251990,8398441,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hean,"This is one of those kind of games where you either don't expect much or you're not sure what to expect. Do not let the 'anime-kawaii-uguuu'ness scare you off and make you think less of this game.I was personally pleasantly surprised by this game, a text adventure accompanied by 2d images and an ocean of different choices which each can actually affect later outcomes. This can be learning about production and trade to help fund a business which will aid you later or having a high reflex, knowledge of archery and composure to avoid getting yourself killed. Do you want to focus on internal affairs? Have more knowledge about military stragedy? The list goes on and on and you can complete the game many times in so many different ways that its even worth its full price.The music does loop a lot but is still enjoyable. I personally wish there was more story than there is as the game feels short, but again the replayablity somewhat makes up for that in the long end.I'd say give it a whirl, especially if its on sale. 6-7/10 in my eyes."
76561198042763187,Recommended,251990,8734211,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Cheenus,Great game. I highly recommend it!
76561197992963639,Recommended,251990,8435308,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DE3me,"What a freaking hard game it is..., but that is exactly what makes this game so enjoyable.You can bite yourself into it and fight with it until you beat it ..., and what a wonderful feeling the moment you beat this game is (especially if you reach your wished outcome).If you have the persistence to beat this game you will have a great time. If you don't ... just don't buy it.If you suck, you die."
,Recommended,251990,8576707,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,"Tigurus Tirel, Sun's Champion","It's quite a small game with lovely, cute art and dialogue. But even though it is small, it seems you have several ways to reach the end or by meeting your end.The basic story is that your mother, the queen, died and in 1 year you will be crowned the new queen of the realm. However, you need to survive by making the right choices.Every turn you pick 2 attributes you want to level, followed by an event. The events are always the same except if a specific skill is high enough to know what you are doing. This makes it in a way less random and after playing it a few times, you will know what is to come most of the times.However, the more you play, the more you will learn about the people, the land, your allies, your enemies, etc. This can somewhat give you more reason to play and increases the replayability. Otherwise, when you finished the game once, you are pretty much done, which can be fast as turns are done by weeks. So you have 52 turns before the game is over. Beter spend your decisions wisely.While the game has lovely graphics and dialogue, it certainly is not Princess Maker (A game which I played a lot during my childhood), which I hoped it was the first time I saw this game appearing on steam. Nevertheless, I certainly recommend this game if you like a short, cute, replayable visual novel."
,Recommended,251990,8791443,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,鈴谷 由理,"I'must say,though it's a 50Mb small game,but interesting and challanging.Hmmm.As a student in history major,I do think the plot is somewhere similar to trhe story of Queen Elizabeth I.Anyway,it's a good idea.My first image of this game is,an American-made PRINCESS MAKER.But I'm totally wrong.Beacause the girl in PRINCESS MAKER can't die anyway.And Elode died A LOT.It has awesome plot,and ur schadule should be targeted otherwise u faced a dead ending.A lot of endings,the branches are quite different,but it won't let player feel fed up or tired to try every single branches and endings,not for the achievement,but the curiosity about the possibility of Elode.I've met dozens dead ending before my first happy ending,really exciting when Coronation.But still,Elode died in many ways and many times.Though the Dead Ending just use a humorous cartoon pic to describe how she died....Maybe you will feel more than that.Truly a best game for kill time,or just play it seriously.Long live the Queen?The Queen lives longer."
76561198009424134,Recommended,251990,8432131,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pwn493,"This game is Persona meets Tsukihime. If that description means anything to you, you should buy this game. Long Live the Queen has surprisingly good gameplay, especially considering that it's a visual novel. The mechanics give you the feeling that you're plotting and planning (not just navigating a tree), and every bit of knowledge that is beyond your reach will make you paranoid.The mechanics mesh well with the story to create a a feeling that you're making decisions, and not just clicking options or increasing stats. The writing is also top notch, which allows the game to cover very dark subjects with a light tone.The central mechanic revolves around skill checks. You have around 42 distinct skills grouped into 14 sets of 3, that you can chose to increase each week by studying. The rate at which you learn a skill is based upon other skills you've learned in that set and category, and is significantly based upon your mood. Elode's mood will help and hinder your rate of learning significantly. You change Elode's mood by doing various activities, which makes the game feel a bit like Persona, but most activities modify multiple moods at once, which gives moods some inertia. So when you're playing you need to think carefully about what mood you want to be in next, and how you'll get there.The writing for this game is wonderful. The aesthetics of the game and the introduction will tend to make you too naive your first play through, until some offended noble draws a sword and slits a criminal's throat right in front of you. There is no graphic violence, but the violence described is intense, and it will make you paranoid and fearful, even after you're done with the game."
,Recommended,251990,7628669,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Robert Wiesehan,"I haven't had this much fun with a visual novel game since Virtue's Last Reward. Long live the Queen provides an addictive story with an incredible number of branching paths. Don't save mid playthrough just to take different forks in the story. Challenge yourself to take on each playthrough letting the consequences fall. Even when you fail, you'll walk away with a rivetting narrative experience."
,Recommended,251990,8550253,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Nanoha,"Absolute gem of a game, really can't recommend this enough. It's a sort of visual novel with many branching plots and you must guide Elodie, the soon to be Queen through the following year safely to her coronation. Every week you choose skills to advance and have to deal with various situations in the kingdom (which is where all the story comes in). Your chosen skills then affect how you can deal with things.Elodie is quite endearing but despite the cutesy artistic style this is anything but. Your death is assured with various assassination attempts, murders, accidents, monsters and so on ready to bring about your untimely demise. You can play in a vast variety of ways giving this huge re-playability. Replaying is a must if you want to see the huge variety of paths this story can take.The music is quite fittign and really adds tot he mood. When something tragic is going to happen appropriate music plays, something sad starts - sad music start, really adds to the feelings you get from the story.Gem of a game, really hope there is a sequel of sorts. Totally recommend this, it is a fantastic game, don't let it remain hidden!"
,Recommended,251990,7838134,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,crowbarzero,Charming little game I'd have to say. Only thing you really have to train for is avoiding the death by chocolate (not too hard). Otherwise training her towards whatever you want to faily easy-ish w/a guide to expain some of the mood stuff (bonus/penalties).
,Recommended,251990,8105874,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,lil pump,Harder than artificial difficulty souls
,Recommended,251990,8260489,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kappa,Game of the year contender. >better than horrid henery.
,Recommended,251990,10870417,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Forfen,An amazingly crafted RPG-like visual novel when as a princess you get too close to a sword pretty often.And eat the fockin' chocolates.
,Recommended,251990,17843024,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,expert on that topic,OFF WITH HIS HEAD
,Recommended,251990,10889802,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,videogames,Pros:can be the little girllooks like chinese cartoonsa third thingCons:cant find the sex scenesis not actually chinesemy dad doesnt talk to me anymore8/10
76561197964232046,Recommended,251990,16359158,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rainbow Droid,"I recommend this game IF it is on sale, and in spite of the fact that it is way, WAY, ****WAY**** too short.It has an interesting story, good writing, standard high quality iconic anime art design, plenty of ""choose your own adventure"" paths to take during the year in which you ""graduate"" from Princess to Queen, and a satisfying amount of humor.The problem is that at the very moment you really start to enjoy the game, right at the moment you become Queen and you think ""Ok, now things are really going to get interesting!"" -- BLAM, THE GAME ENDS. Seriously, I'd only been playing for an hour and I was really getting excited that the game had the potential to be a really GREAT game...and that was it. Game over. Thanks for playing this incredibly short story.Yeah, ok, there is a little replay value if you want to see all the different ways to fail, and all the different outcomes that the game displays to you as text AFTER you become Queen... but that's not very much at all. I wanted to rule, to deal with the consequences of the ""setup"" that I'd just played, to see the results of my choices, and to make many more choices. The game felt very much like a shareware demo -- ""If you want to play the real game as the Queen, then buy the full game.""...or perhaps more appropriately:""I know we said ""Long Live the Queen"", but what we meant was, ""Long Live the Queen perhaps, if you make the right decisions in the 1 hour 'Choose your own adventure' Princess-Graduating-to-Queen time window during which this game takes place and the long life of the Queen takes place entirely in your own imagination after it says Game Over.""At 10 dollars this game is a complete INSULT. At the 2 dollars I got it for during the Steam Summer Sale it was a MARGINALLY acceptable value. But there should have been a game to play after the intro was over."
,Not Recommended,251990,10434403,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,White Glint,"The best way to put this game is ""lacking"". While the concept is decent enough, the game isn't long enough to make use of the varied stat building outside of ""Different ending here, different outcome there"", and that pales in comparison even to the most simple of Visual Novels that get by on only different endings, especially since the most variation in these comes in the form of....death?If I wanted to die for different dialogue, I'd go play Dark Souls. I wouldn't get the dialogue but HEY, I'd die a lot. The story is meh...no, almost nonexistant to the point where you won't care about it enough for it to matter. It tries to have RPG like mechanics but really, this is just a royal version of Cute Knight with a lot more stats to level that have no meaning and no dungeon crawling.I need more than this, and this doesn't offer it to me."
,Recommended,251990,7637433,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,u wot m8,"The amount of nerdiness this game requires to beat it is unimaginable, definitely something I'd recommend. : )"
,Recommended,251990,8864126,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Knuckles,I REGRET NOTHING
,Recommended,251990,11302850,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lion Roar,"Long Live the Queen has been a pleasant surprise to me. I had somewhat moderate expectations for this game and I was blown away by it.This game can be very challenging on the first playthrough (I know I'm not the only one who came to a dead end and had to start over), but once you get to know the major events that will unfold and you prepare yourself accordingly, you'll manage to survive long enough to reach the end of the game, typically on your second playthrough.But that's not the end of it. I'll dare say that's where the real fun starts. Just by beating the game once or twice you'll barely scratch the surface of this game. You'll realize that there's much more to see because you'll be missing tons of achievements, epilogues, and deaths (yes, even ""collecting"" diferent kinds of deaths can be fun and a real challenge). You'll start wondering what will happen if you focus on learning different skills and how the storyline will change if you do. What if I become a military genius? Should I embrace the power of Lumen? If I'm a ruler, I should improve my social skills, so what will happen if I do? This kind of questions will surely arise if you have enjoyed the gameplay, and they'll make you start over and over just to satisfy your curiosity and further enjoy the game. So if you get hooked as much as I did, you can easily pass the 20h mark and still have things to try and achievements to unlock.Still, it's not a game for everyone, but if you don't mind (or even enjoy, as I have to admit I do) the cutesy artstyle, you can bear with some repetition (there's a skip button thankfully), and you appreciate games where your choices really matter, you'll probably have an enjoyable time with it."
,Recommended,251990,9925606,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Barazbund,Waifu material
76561198101091752,Recommended,251990,11333337,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Fucking A,"I had played this game many times, with each run ending at the same point. An arrow in the side of my leg and the stupid princess trying to pull the arrow out the other end. This was all completely avoidable if I didn't want to go to my best friends birthday party. BUT IT WAS MY TIME TO SHINE. I AM A BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS AND I NEEDED TO SHOW ALL MY FRIENDS. So every time I attempted to go, and died.10/10 would be a magical princess again."
,Recommended,251990,13915574,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sachi,"LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE This game!!!I spent nine hours attempting over and over and over before finally winning.10/10 would be a stupid, hopeless princess again!!"
76561198043108078,Recommended,251990,11930076,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ikagun,"First playthrough I trained accounting, gained magic, beheaded a guy, got shot with an arrow on the way to a party, tried to push it out and killed myself. Second through fifth playthroughs I gained magic, trained battle medicine/archery, still kept killing myself with arrows. Sixth playthrough, recieved a sick poem about me and a squid, had it blow out a window, tried to get killed this time by climbing out said window to get it back, only got injured. 10/10"
,Recommended,251990,10811971,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cain,Avoid the Chocolate.Everyones trying to kill you.
,Recommended,251990,14874000,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sollux,"Princess Simulator: Prepare to Die EditionThis game is a lot more challenging than you would expect, and there's plenty of hours to be spent on it! When you're not busy dying from food poisoning because you neglected to level up your dog stat, there's plenty of routes and endings to find. It's a simple but entertaining game with deceptively cute art."
76561198002174953,Recommended,251990,18731476,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Auraion,"So, it's your birthday in 40 weeks....All you need to do is stay alive...But why does it have to be so hard.Like an old choose your own adventure Long Live the Queen is procedurally generated based on your choices and stats at the time of those rolls and checks. You get to advance two stats per week and it's a delicate balancing act depending on what you plan to do this time round. One thing you can't do though, is generalise. After so many playthroughs you realise you need to have a plan. If you don't want to fight you can manage through diplomacy, you can kick the attackers asses before they hurt you or even turn full magical girl, but specialisation is good. Like you might find in a Visual Novel there is a romance aspect to your developing plot. You can choose a king (or a queen if you're into that kinda thing) that will marry you after your coronation. But Unlike most visual novels, it's very much a footnote at the end.Honestly I found that it was a lot more rewarding trying to find all the ways to die. XDStabbed, burned, strangled, shot. There are a dozen or so different ways you can ultimately end at either the hands of your Enemies, your people or the nobles who lurk at your back. Either way, it's a complex maze of decisions that will give you hours of gameplay if you're determined to survive.XD"
,Recommended,251990,9110253,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,[NL]Ben,"Note: a lot of reading is required.This game can be tough-as-nails. A lot of 'skillschecks' are in the game, and while sometimes the checks are forgiving, in other cases it will lead to.. deathly... events. Yes, sometimes it can get frustrating, but the game will always be clear due to the skillchecks as to why you died. Easy? Nope. Good game? Sure is."
76561198228000564,Recommended,251990,26187173,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,natty light,"This game seems like it's going to be cutesy and sweet, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥could you not be more wrong. It's grueling and heart breaking, and I love every second of it. It's super challenging, but I love it to death and play it constantly from the second I bought it. 10/10 for sure."
76561197960438510,Recommended,251990,8016024,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DocFrog,Breddy gud
76561198130381767,Recommended,251990,11202775,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,dinalotaru,"Yes, it looks pink and lilac. Yes, it seems like a cute anime. But in order to succeed you have to be calculating and cunning or it goes black pretty soon.Mind you, this game  can be rather frustrating but it makes you come back for more. You can die in oh so many ways and get to change clothes on the way there. It's all about decisions... And even if you make it to  your coronation, the future is uncertain with many different endings to the game.Yeah, I'd buy it again. Will probably play it again too. Click click!"
,Recommended,251990,9952058,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,SDola,I seriously wish that there were more visual novel games like this! Looks a bit strange but really addictive...
76561198024776409,Recommended,251990,9877275,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Mojo,"I had originally only bought this game to try to prove how easy it would be... and boy was I wrong.This game is absolutely INFURIATING in the specificity of skill levels.This game is also probably the most addicting game I've ever bought on Steam.Infuriating and addictive are probably the two best words I can think of to describe this game.I was able to actually BEAT the game and make it to my coronation within my first six tries (HUZZAH), but as a naturally competitive person, I am compelled to keep working this game until I reach each and every ridiculous achievment in the game.How do I get blessed by cats? How do I demand sacrifices? WHERE IS THE TENTACLE DEATH?Until I find these things out, I cannot feasibly stop playing this game.I reccomend this to... really anyone who likes storyboard games, or enjoys games driven by plot and not action."
,Recommended,251990,10702807,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TheNacianess,"I bought this game a while back when it was on sale, I thought it looked pretty interesting so I figured I'd give it a try.And seriously, I really enjoy this game.The gameplay is fun and the amount of options available for you to play around with (skills, mood, outfits, interactions) are entertaining and it's fun to experiment around and try to survive.  I've died by chocolates, a sword through the stomach, getting beat up by magic, an arrow through me...very fun.  I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198019422385,Recommended,251990,23916673,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,turnerjer0000,"Magnificent.  I am not a visual novel fan, but this game grabbed me.  I particularly like the detailed descriptions of your training sessions.I kept thinking that this game should have been called Sansa Stark Simulator."
,Recommended,251990,8777693,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Treetotheworld,"Well after killing off that stupid loli ten times after she wouldn't study, hopelessly trying to cheer her up with no friends, and accidently marrying her off to some guy who later caused a war, I must say this girl is the worst, most idiotic girl...... 7/10"
,Recommended,251990,19327986,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,quetzal_rust,"Very addictive game! Accidentally killed myself by trying to retrieve a smut poem from the roof of a building. This game looks easy but you mostly just sit there looking at the screen trying to figure out how not to kill yourself. 10/10 for frilly, pink deaths and espionage"
,Recommended,251990,20167301,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,m2-,"It's a very well made game, but it also requires a lot of thinking and desicive thoughts. Overall, the game is fantastic, but also sort of hard."
,Recommended,251990,18441495,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Doge,Very fun easy to learn game that I have spent many times trying to survive. Death is everywhere. 10/10 would attempt to trip again.
,Recommended,251990,18945208,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Shit-Ass Dead Dude,"Like Dark Souls, but with cute girls."
76561198116706657,Recommended,251990,14173417,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,diamondparka,"Long Live The Queen is a punishing and addictive visual novel very similar to life simulators like Princess maker and Visual novels, such as DraMatical MurDer. Combining the best elements of both, you effectively play as Elodie, Crown Princess who's beginning tutoring to become Queen of Nova after the death of her mother. The intrigue system and diplomacy elements are heavy in this game, and if you slip up with any choices of lessions, you will die and it is that simple. It often feels like it'd be impossible to accomplish all the skill checks and that's exactly the point- without cheating, it's unavoidable to not fail at something here at least once.That being said, sometimes failing has rewards. Not only are there achievements brought on by death, but you're actively encouraged to replay- Try your luck and see what you may get by working with Elodie's other stats. Adding the romances in is a nice benefit. Unfortunately, most of them are fairly boring and strictly political, but pursuing any of the female characters such as Briony, Alice or the few interesting male characters like Evrard can provide even more replay value.Given the nature of this game, if you decide to look for help on any kind of Wiki or Youtube Tutorial, you're going to have a lot less fun with it because part of the challenge is doing it on your own and finding out what works. Reapplying someone else's technique can make it incredibly easy to beat them game, which makes it very short if you decide not to go for every achievement and possibility.All in all, this game is not for anyone who doesn't like replay and not for anyone who doesn't like making choices and figuring out somewhat cryptic systems to achieve maximum results. If you do like being challenged with intrigue, carefully calculated skills and heavily differentiated play sessions, you will probably love Long Live The Queen."
76561198091084267,Recommended,251990,9661372,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,lilice_brocolis,"If you like the style it's great.I loved the mix between girly pink princess and cruel death.You can really choose different education options and - a litlle- personality of your princess. You have to play again and agin to enjoy better the understerding of the consequences of your choices. You can win a lot of different ways. The events will be basically the same but you can fail or succed at different point, leading to different development.Once you unraveled the main plot points you really want to try killing your princess every possible way, discover new secret, enable new event... with the help of a guide !The big achievement list is really a plus and give you things to look for.If you don't like replaying game with different choices to explore everything, this game is not for you. It's still quite nice to play just once and try to do as good as possible (potentially with reloading saves) but there is better games for this use.I really would like to know more game which look like this. One aspect that I especially like is that the text is never uselessly long, as it is too often the case in visual novel for my taste. The dialogue cut to chase without been bland."
,Recommended,251990,11581106,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,jhg499,IT'S SIK AND SHE'S A KAWAIAIAI MADDEN
,Recommended,251990,7630599,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,kuru,I assassinated my nephew's mother...
,Recommended,251990,21980362,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,-=CSoD|Plophos=-,"Long live the queen is an mix of Visual Novel and Statsimulation. You rule as princess and upcoming queen your future Kingdom, train your knowledge about serveral disciplines and try not to die. So let's get started:Pro:- nice art- challenging stat system- serveral diffrent endings- lots of choices wich really matters- you write almost your own storyCons:- Music can be anoying when u play it servaral times- No CGs- try and error principe can be frustratingStory:The story is almost unwritten. You can choose so many pathes and choices and its up to your stats what they causes. So you are almost free in any decision you choose. But a basic storyline can be told: You are Elodie Princess of Nova. You are 14 years old. Your mother has died not long ago. Your father the King of Nova prepares you for your coronation wich will be after your 15th birthday. That's 40 Weeks from now on. And that's the basic story!Gameplay:You have 40 Weeks to train until your coronation. While you are choosing your path through your own story there are basic events wich are not be triggerd by your choices. You will find out when these events are coming up. If they are coming up u must have an specific value of skillpoints in specific skills so you can succsesfull complete the action. If you are not succesfull there are two ways it ends: First - you die. Second - you miss a chance and going through another Path. So it's all about your stats and how much points you have in specific stats at specific points in the Game. So it's all about trying! The Endings are also biuld by your actions. Will you be a good or evil queen? Will you be healty or sick? Will you live in freedom or war? Will you use magic or not? And: Will you be alive and reach your coronation? These are a few parts of the person you could be.Conclusion:Long live the Queen more an simulation then an VN. You are the one who creates the story at least. This is something wich makes very much fun but you habe also do many try an error before you'll maybe get an result you want. So you spend many time to play this game and finish it completly. That's one of the big points of this Game. Whats a liitle bit sad is the lack of CGs while the story goes along. That's something i really missed. But if you see the gameplay an the many choices this gives you, you'll be exited! Its an Game wich makes so much fun and is in my opinion a must have for every fan of VNs!8/10!"
,Recommended,251990,8084427,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Saki Yanase,"Many people will enjoy this game, it is addicting casual and challenging all at the same time"
,Recommended,251990,7800511,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Taifumoffu,"Highly recommended if you enjoy Visual Novels, Sims games and strategical tabletop games. Or if you want a monarchy simulation game because you enjoy Game of Thrones' political intrigue!For an indepth review, feel free to check out my review athttp://badatvideogames.net/2013/11/21/review-long-live-the-queen/"
76561198042159005,Recommended,251990,8280748,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,golddragon_dm,"A delightful take on a rarely-seen genre, Long Live the Queen falls into the ""raising sim"" category of  life-simulators, and appears to take inspiration from one of the more famous game series within that uncommon genre, Princess Maker.The essence of the game is relatively simple: it is played in a series of weeks, during each of which you must pick two topics of study - skills - for Elodie, and an activity for free time.  As the game progresses, events occur which provide pass/fail test for said skills, either individually, multiples totaled, or sequentially, and the results of passing or failing can lead to everything from getting or missing a bit of information all the way to...well, let's just say it's not called ""Long Live the Queen"" for nothing.There is a *very* wide selection of skills available to choose from, and unlike other sims of a similar nature (or ""monster trainer"" games), you don't have to deal with certain skills being decreased when you train others.  Rather, the mood system provides a similar hazard; based on Elodie's mood, certain skills get a bonus to their training, while others suffer a penalty.  And to mention in advance, no mood is good for studying Economics, so don't bother searching for one.Beyond that, the characters (while all anime-esque) are varied in personality, motivation, and likability, and Elodie herself is sympathetic and adorable, the sort of character that inspires protective instincts - and which evokes a certain pride when she becomes more capable, ideal for a game like this.The game is all-around a delight to play; depending on how you raise her, Elodie can be naive or savvy, powerful or frail, elegant or tomboyish, or all these things together.  There is plenty of replay value to the game, since there is no single ""perfect"" path, and your decisions (and training) have a large effect on what happens.  Will your nobles rise up against you?  Will you withstand assassination attempts?  Will you make peace or war with neighboring countries?  Who will you marry, if you live that long?  While the game doesn't have quite as diverse a set of endings as certain others in the genre - after all, Elodie is to be crowned Queen - there remains abundant variety in how you get to that end goal (or die trying), and what happens after."
,Recommended,251990,7873572,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,SlimeArcher0,For the lolz
,Recommended,251990,11168956,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Rudolf Von Goldenbaum,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcyTlm8JgEk
,Recommended,251990,7628151,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Major Isoor,"Well now, this is an odd little game. The first description I heard of it made it seem a little like the RPG side of Crusader Kings II, although I didn't think it looked anywhere near like the kind of intrigue-filled game that is CK2, based on the art style and logo found on the store page.So I asked about it further, and as I have now had the chance to actually play the game, I can agree that it is in fact very similar to the RPG mechanics of CK2 (particularly the tendancy to have your strong, charitable genius character die when things start going well for you), as well as having the skill checks from D&D and also perhaps some Game of Thrones vibes in there, as well.So yeah, although I haven't played it much as of writing this recommendation, I think that if you like CK2 or GoT and want something that focuses on trying to stay alive and keep your realm stable, it might be worth looking into this, come sale-time. Although of course, if you have a phobia of Japanese art styles, it might be a little harder for you to get into. (personally I'm not particularly fussed either way, as long as it's not NMS and is a good game overall) It also appears to have a lot of replayability, which is always nice."
,Recommended,251990,7865753,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Golden Cat Country,"A game of astonishing depth, beautifully crafted gameplay that puts powerful challenges over you, but allows you to enact exactly the level of idealism you're capable of maintaining. Your choices lead to consequences, can you handle the consequence?Despite a lot of death you will face, it's not an evil or a specifically vindictive game. It just puts an adversity in front of you and asks if you're queen enough to overcome it. Are you queen enough to overcome it?"
,Recommended,251990,7948338,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,LadyTaters,"This game is as addictive as it is adorable. Elodie is a fun, fascinating character; it's so impressive how her character changes and develops!"
,Recommended,251990,8044022,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DangerIce,You get to be the little girl.10/10.
,Recommended,251990,8417164,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SecretAgentOrange,Oh boy!  It's like the Princess Maker series with more adorable cartoon violence and less creepy sexualization of children!
,Recommended,251990,7706091,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,calderino,"RPG-esque visual novel where you have to guide Princess Elodie to her crowning! And as the trailer says: you are going to die, A LOT. Beware of chocolates!"
,Recommended,251990,7891382,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Berard,Play this game if you want to feel bad about your decision making abilities. Also plenty of weeaboo feels.
,Recommended,251990,8073992,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Taiyaki11,"Do you have what it takes to survive? I'll save you the trouble, no, no you do not, but maybe after a few reincarnations you might get the hang of it!"
76561198025129762,Recommended,251990,8466494,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,caffeinatedtree,"This game is such silly, amazing fun. I love trying to think of new strategies and looking what others have done to get through the game with different outcomes."
76561198009723422,Recommended,251990,10959025,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Noob Noob,went to a slumber party and got shot by a crossbow. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,251990,14851261,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ruldra,"Behind all the pink and cute lies a deep game of intrigue. Nobles may be plotting against you, foreign powers might invade, assassins are out there and your people can revolt. There's a whole lot of skills you can train to deal with them and survive until you become a queen.Contrary to popular belief, I don't think it's hard to reach coronation day, especially when the game tells you which skills you need to succeed at events. Once you're familiar with the fatal events and how to avoid them, you're free to experiment with different skillsets, make different choices and see how events unfold. And that's what the game is all about: experimenting to see all the possible outcomes of events. Only over the course of multiple playthroughs you'll realize who's really on your side, who wants you dead and all the stuff happening behind the curtains. After 30 hours I still feel like I'm only scratching the surface.Play like a fair and just leader who's only interested in the benefit of the people, a tyrant who'll execute anyone who looks at you funny or a scandalous ruler who only wants to romance the female nobles. It's all up to you.At the end of the day however, this is a visual novel/life-sim hybrid. None of the above will matter if you don't enjoy this kind of game. Try the demo first and see if you like it."
76561198201498883,Recommended,251990,17508358,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,JohnnyLoveHeart,"Definitely one of the funnest games I have ever played. I absolutely love the various skill checks and this game has a TON of replay value due to the number of endings, events, and achievements you can get."
,Not Recommended,251990,11398692,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Roopoo,"First and foremost a 2D strategy, with various endings.Personally, it really wasn't to my tastes. However:If you prefer simple gameplay style, play.Like anime style? PlayIf you enjoy repetition and earning a whole load of Steam achieves (the reason I continue to play) then go for it.On the other hand...If you prefer action packed shoot-em-ups or anything at all where you can physically control your character, avoid.Unless you can deal with a LOT of text and reading, avoid.Want actual interesting, 'make-you-think' storyline? Avoid.I wouldn't suggest this game for repeated playability, for fun, anyhow.The story, depending on how you skill Elodie, will change either slightly or somewhat dramatically.Just not enough for me."
,Recommended,251990,27621372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gavincroc,"This game, which I have taken to calling ""Pretty Pretty Princess 2"" is a lot more than meets the eye. To be fair, not much of it does meet the eye, considering you can count all of the background images in the entire game with your fingers, but it does make up for it with time-wasting content.It's an interactive story where every choice you make is key to survival, but instead of yes and no choices like most VA's of today, all of your decisions are made primarily through the skills you choose to work on via classes. There are dozens of classes to choose from, each teaching a new skill along with tidbits of real world knowledge that I found amusing. Lots of characters you interact with can come back to help or harm you in plenty of ways, and depending on your skills, you can learn surprising facts about each of them.There's a lot to this game that I don't want to spoil, but if you have plenty of time and you're interested in one day becoming pretty princess, maybe you should look into this game too."
76561197970262379,Recommended,251990,8063190,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,thegrommit,"Hilarious and addictive.  You start playing just to survive to your coronation, then replay to try and find all the other ways the game can kill you."
,Recommended,251990,10909095,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DivineArcanum,"I dont normally review games.This is an exception.Simple yet masterful; the games effective (and sometimes brutal) use of choices and consequences derived from trainable skills really do suck you into the game and have you raging away at every single pitfall. But somehow I always found my self hitting ""new game"" over and over again, determined to suceed.Long Live The Queens femeine art style only adds to the intrigue of the game, don't be fooled by the 'pretty pink' mask as this game will have even the hardcore role players addicted.DivineArcanum"
,Recommended,251990,15318339,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Captain Fox,Died 49 times until I finished the game.10/10
76561198056634949,Recommended,251990,21959787,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,saxual,The safe word is Oklahoma... And yes you're going to need therapy after this one gets done destroying your feels... Think you've got a handle on the game after a few deaths? Ha haha hahahahaha muahahaha muaaahahaah muuuuuaaahahahah...
,Recommended,251990,32414174,Posted: 14 June,all,UGUU,Never have I been so challenged by a game before. I want to keep playing again and again to see what kind of queen Elodie will be become.
,Recommended,251990,32967559,Posted: 28 June,all,*Kiithid,How to get public poisoned/stabbed/burnt/octopused
,Recommended,251990,10921315,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Terath,Long live the waifu
,Recommended,251990,17576823,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tattie,"This is a fun little choose your adventure story game.  One of those set your own pace games that you can pick up and put down at will.  You don't need a ton of time to accomplish things and the replayability is great; I've yet to get the one hundred percent same story ending yet.  I bought the game for the tentacle death, but stayed because I've yet to accomplish it ;(.Great game to play while your regular game patches or you only have a few moments to dedicate to gaming... or while someone is droning on and on in your ear and you don't neccessarily want them to know you're gaming while ""listening"" to their problems."
76561198062422062,Recommended,251990,13606269,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nizondo,I swear I'm not a weeb but damn this game is fun
76561198063121518,Recommended,251990,33717399,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"Lots of reading and replay value, feels like advanced playing with a doll though, the skill building is nice and playing again to try to actually win is fun. It is however a visual novel so don't expect too much by the way of flashiness or even characters moving. lots of branching paths at least"
76561198058442504,Recommended,251990,10728562,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,motheaten,"Become a magical girl, learn to wield a sword, develop a web of spies and grow to be a cunning military strategist, or, more likely, upset the wrong duke and end up a red smear on the ballroom floor. This is a game that is very fun to play but rather hard to win, but multiple playthroughs are rewarding and the script is versatile and enjoyable, so that's not such a bad thing. The key is sometimes as simple as understanding that the cooler and flashier skills aren't all you need; you may be a genius at naval warfare, weaponry and field medicine, but if you've been neglecting to practice your swimming then maybe personally overseeing that battle from the helm of your flagship isn't going to go so well."
76561198073360882,Recommended,251990,8325756,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AkiraMoegami,"So much trial and error and memorizing when and where a specific events will occur and if it's benifical to you or hazardious to you... If you got the time and patience, I'd highly recommand it. Every time you die, which there will be a lot of, something just makes you want to go back and get through it no matter what. Make no mistake, this game is brutal and remember to save often or sometimes not at all if you want to go different routes each time. 10/10 would die again..."
,Recommended,251990,8352792,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,tactless wonder,"Anime Princess Death Simulator.Don't judge a book by its cover.The game involves Princess Elodie (the playable protagonist) learning about the country she’s soon to rule called Nova. You have to guide Princess Elodie through different lessons while balancing her emotions and handing political, economical, foreign and inner affairs.Oh, you also have to avoid untimely death and make it to Princess Elodie’s coronation, which is no easy task. (There’s a reason there’s an achievement for living through the year of training.)There’s countless different ways you can go about for literally every event in the game. You can be an elegant and graceful queen; a military strategist who strikes fear into the other kingdoms; a powerful sorceress with a cute outfit; a cruel dictator ruling with an iron fist a la Marie Antoinette— your subjects can even cause a revolution against you if you choose this path!While you may succeed in some areas, you’ll fail in others. You will have to make choices for the good of the people (such as having an arranged marriage) and others for your life, despite them not being the best or morally right thing to do.You truly rule like Machiavelli wanted."
,Recommended,251990,8395221,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Logic,This game is so infuriatingly excellent. It's a nice mix of strategy and humor in a visual novel-esque package.
76561198063471350,Recommended,251990,8396226,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,acnrocks22,"Although this seemed a girly japenease manga steryotyped game, I decided to purchase it purely because of the idea of ruling a kingdom. After playing this game I have realised it is a detailed piece of art. From choosing whether to pardon prisoners, or deciding your militry tactics this game should be considered. As it may look girly, but it is actually a very entertaining game.(pssst you die a lot! )"
76561198037934144,Recommended,251990,8398169,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ChaosCh33s3,"This game may look girly and weird but I assure you it isn't... Well girly that is. It is a little different than anything I have played before but, that is what makes it so enjoyable. I had invested about an hour in the game the first time the protagonist died, my heart sank and all I wanted to do was play again and make different choices so that I might save her life.Definitely check this game out. Give it a whirl and see if you don't agree with me in the end."
,Recommended,251990,8398097,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sofyand | blizzgamers.id,"Don't compare this to the classic (PC) game Princess Maker 2...This one is way too unforgiving, but when you finally get it to the coronation, you will surely feel so rewarded. Yes, this game is hard... despite of the anime looks and all.Having finally completed this game less than three hours after so many hard decisions and after so many deaths... (That many deaths will make you more and more curious on beating this game.)My princess finally survived till the coronation day with a Historical-savvy, Political-aware, Medically-educated, Military Strategist, Spiritual and Lumen-attuned Queen... (yes, that many classes in 40 weeks of time, her mood was miserable all the time, sorry girl)...Long Live the Queen!Note: the music is top-notch 10-star."
76561197990237525,Recommended,251990,8398136,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skull☠Ghost #Skost,"Bought it because I was about to fall asleep out of boredom and because I was attracted by the art style. Turned out to be an enjoyable text-based experience and I ended up playing it multiple times to get different endings. I'd say this is about 5 hours worth of gameplay for me. For the lowered price of 4,50€ I'd say it was worth it for me."
,Recommended,251990,8401212,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[SDS]Cornbread,Didn't go in expecting much but after i got into it it was fairly intense trying to keep track of tons of nobles and which skills and decisions to work on. the choice between keeping up aperances and going to a party seemed like a good idea but the small detail that after a duchess tried to pull shananagans and I was going to have her aressted which failed so i was assassinated on the way to the party
76561198003541865,Recommended,251990,8401232,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Managuan,"It may look cheesy at first glance but this game is really good. It's text based, but it's catching and offer you several path to several ending. You can be a cruel blood tasty mage hater or simply a lil princess or the super magical girl of fantasy. If you want something relaxing AND addictive, try this,"
,Recommended,251990,8288018,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,tenshinoshin,"Weirdly addictive.  At first I was dubious 'cause the game play is fairly simple, but the whole thing is pretty unpredicable.  I would say, if you haven't already, give it a try."
76561198028054226,Recommended,251990,8347275,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,plovercide,"The vast majority of my waking hours of Dec 26th went into this.  Extremly fun and every play through you see new possibilities you just have to try.  Even after I won it on attempt 14 (which I felt very lucky) I keep playing it.  ""I need to be eaten by a tentical monster now""  ""Ok, now let's try to be a tyrant.""  ""Wait, how about assasinate everyone!"" ""Can I score with the apple stealing peasant?""  It's a pink haired girl yes, but one you should be damn proud of, she'll cut you then lock you in her dungeon!"
76561198005837034,Recommended,251990,8399072,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DancesWithPancakes,"Surprisingly addictive and rather challenging. It has got quite a bit of depth to it and I've enjoyed playing it so far, even if it does show I'm an extremely incompetent ruler who would eat the clearly poisoned chocolate of a noble I just beat in civil war...Recommended!"
,Recommended,251990,34766089,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,"get ready to die, and die quite a few more times. not the easiest but it sure is fun."
,Recommended,251990,17117220,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Kwakado,"It starts off as a brutal puzzle to untangle, and then once you finally become Queen it's a delightful little playground of betrayal and intrigue to explore. Usually games about hunting down all the endings aren't nearly this fun."
,Recommended,251990,8590412,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kawaiiface,"Cute game with a great script and some pretty funny deaths.It's rather save-scummy, though. Since events are just thrown at you, you largely have no way to prepare, and the game's length makes some stats rather useless (Dog training anyone?).Probably the biggest complaint is the length, which in some ways is more of a compliment than anything. I'd be up for a sequel."
,Recommended,251990,10061593,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Long Live The Queen, a strategy based choose your own ending visual novel is a deceivingly entertaining game experience. The backstory is well written as is the lore for the kingdom and the realm which you are thrown into as a young princess. The objective of the game is simply survival, with underlying themes related to the affairs of the realm. It manages to keep these politics interesting as it mixes humor, creative storytelling and a broad array of options for the player to decide the princess' fate.  The gameplay of this game involves making choices, most of these choices revolve around what you choose to study, as well as what options you select in dialogue, these two aspects decide your survival.The bad however is that some of the methods of avoiding death or decisions made based on lack of research (studying) are nonsense, although this does add a degree of humor and certain attributes are favored for survival. Additionally despite the broad selection of choices, many of which lead to premature death, there is a very limited survival route, meaning as you replay the game you end up following the same path to progress as certain progressions in terms of events are linear. That makes the first playthrough the best experience with this game, with diminishing returns. The game duration is only a couple hours depending on how successful you are at navigating through the game. I recommend this game conditionally if you enjoy choose your own ending style visual novels or text adventures, otherwise it likely won't appeal to you."
,Recommended,251990,12068656,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Everwinter,"The most brutal game about being a pretty princess ever. I've sunk fleets, slaughtered armies, been clubbed, blown up, poisoned, stabbed, shot, and accidentally summoned a horrible Eldritch abomination. Just remember to invest all of your skill points into singing and you'll be fine."
,Recommended,251990,8476280,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Xayn,"First, this game is hard. Or rather, extremely frustrating. There are basically two fun playthroughs : the first one, for the amount of customization and choices you can make in general, and the last one, for getting that one ending you've worked for.Everything in between is hell. Prepare to save every single week and do a lot of backtracking. There's a final boss of sorts, which serves as the major obstacle in the game and will require a lot of planning and re-planning.Other than that, it's a pretty sweet game. The gameplay is unique and the plot is fun to go through."
76561198091097461,Recommended,251990,25959835,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mari △,Would die again 10/10
76561198255744404,Recommended,251990,25275387,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,derailed_omega_male,"Don't be deceived by the cute girlish picture. This game is full of suffering, betrayal, murder, politics and other serious stuff.So this is some kind of a weird mix between a visual novel and... ahem... maybe an RPG(???) The progression of the story depends not only on instantaneous decisions (like in regular visual novels), but also on the skills that your character develops over time. In turn the efficientcy of skill development depends on the emotional state of the character, which you can influence by choosing different activities.Also the game is pretty difficult despite being a visual novel. There are so many dumb ways for your character to die. There is even a built in collection of unlockable pictures that represent different ways to bite the dust. Like achivements, but for loosing instead of succeeding.I'm positively surprised by such a weird mutation from the visual novel genre.The only minor downside in my point of view is the game's significant share of pseudoscientific nonsence. On my first (obviously failed) playthrough I was all like: ""WTF? Was I supposed to be naive enough to believe in magic in order to pass those tests and survive?"". So for me a more realistic (in this case magic-free) story would be more enjoyable, since it has a rather serious setting and seems to expect you to make rational decisions anyway. But as a whole the game is still a HUGE statisfaction."
,Recommended,251990,9037534,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Majava,"Reasons this game is a must buy:1) You're a kawaii 14 year old girl who will be queen.2) You rule a kingdom3) You can choose your own path4) The Skill system is making the story5) Text based games are always awesome6) Did I mention there's magic?7) You can become a master warrior, tactician, historian, priest, british like person...and much more!8) You can become all of it!9) You are a ♥♥♥♥ing ruler baby!10) The biggest reason to buy this game -> You can become a ♥♥♥♥ing Mahou Shoujo! \m/"
,Recommended,251990,16387834,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SummerTank,"Don't be fooled by this game's ""girly"" appearance: it has many features that can be enjoyed by anyone.The dialogue is well-written and there are many twists and turns in the plot, which makes the game feel a lot like those ""choose your own adventure"" books that I used to adore as a child.The main difference between those and Long Live The Queen is that you can actually influence some of the randomness by passing skill checks, altering your protagonist's mood and making strategic long-term choices.You can perform various actions around your castle every day, and those actions will affect your mood. Afterwards, you can train your skills and get bonuses and penalties depending on your mood. For example, if you're angry you'll get a bonus for war and sport-related skills while being depressed helps you express your creativity.You have to discover all of this by yourself though, which means that there is a LOT of trial and error involved.You will die/fail a lot in this game, so you'll see that some events will always happen while others will trigger only if you train a specific skill before passing a check, or selecting a specific dialogue option. Figuring everything out will take a long time, and sometimes getting the same dialogue over and over can be tiring, but, of course, there is a skip option. (CONT. IN COMMENTS)"
,Recommended,251990,19739443,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The Fabulous Seagoat,My Queen didn't live very long. 9/10
,Recommended,251990,14349269,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,thank you based god for onodera,Became a magical girl.Put down a rebellion.Conquered foreign lands.Became the champion of a dueling competition.Ruled the seas with an iron fist.Death by chocolate.10/10.
76561198073302895,Recommended,251990,8853982,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MeowthThat'sTight,Bonnie
,Recommended,251990,10873598,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mr greedy boy,Look at my name. See my name? See it? I like this game.
,Recommended,251990,11617845,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,supernewt51,"Suprisingly good, i went into the game not knowing what to expect but ended up really enjoying my expereince...mostly. There were a few points where i felt like just giving up but its charm and narrative drew me back in. A cute aestetic with a dark edge this game will have you feeling a wide range of emotions. Recommended."
76561198048137935,Recommended,251990,22776823,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Valdemar.td,First playthrough (I'd watched some people play it before).*Maxes out military and plays like everyone is an assassin**Also gains the cruelty trait**Ends up leading the navy to victory and deciding to create a new imperium**Conquers world*Yes. Just yes.
,Recommended,251990,9042466,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kiko,"It's a really fun game to play, seeing how all the diffrent states raised easily changes the gameplay. What killed you once raising that state  just enough won't kill you again. But you'll die to somthing else."
,Recommended,251990,9126069,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,CiaranLmore,"This game is pretty awesome, I mean.... you get to play as a princess. 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,251990,9094264,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,doujin girl,premium anime waifu murder simulator
,Recommended,251990,21693583,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Make Roomia for Sumia,"It's quite hard, as many have already told you. I honeslty wish there was some kind of option to make the game just a little bit easier so that more people could get into it. But that should be just an optional add on so that people who want the authentic experience can still get it.  Still, if you're good at planning, you should purchase this game. Managing to survive feels AMAZING."
,Recommended,251990,22523845,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Leon_Cross,"Addicting, and very fun to see the different outcomes!"
,Recommended,251990,9131846,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Zet,"You start the game off as a completely ignornant princess whose only noteable skills is being able to talk, walk, and see people. As you slowly progress up skill trees you will unlock more clothes, and become smarter than other people to the point when they will start trying to kill you."
76561198103953421,Recommended,251990,12737109,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mr. ZAP,"""Putting all the sick people together? Won't that make them die even faster?""- the girl who thought that pushing an arrow through her the rest of the way would save her lifeLong Live the Queen is a fun little visual novel where the main object is to... well, live long.You will probably fail a lot. It's okay, though! Half of the fun of the game is finding all of the different ways you can die. The other half is being a ruthless dictator/pretty princess that rules with an iron fist. Or possibly with lots of magic lightning bolts. But either way, it won't be fun for your enemies. Provided you didn't die, I mean.The game also deserves credit for having a very nicely realized world, with lots of background detail that adds to its charm. The geography, history, and characterization all add up to complex land with all kinds of variables that will change your game.Seriously, though, this game is addicting. All of the different paths you can take, all of the different deaths, and, true to visual novel form, all of the different possible endings (and that's aside from the death ones!).Will you die by magic? Will you be shot? Will you eat the dreaded chocolates (answer: yes)? Or, against all odds, will you survive long enough for your coronation, and live happily ever after (possibly as an evil minion, if you play your cards tight)."
,Recommended,251990,34873421,Posted: 10 September,all,You Fuckin' Donkey,best buy/10
,Recommended,251990,8975276,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,まなか,"10/10 game. Ability to become magic girl is unmatched, be a pretty princess today."
,Recommended,251990,7963909,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Tyopo,"I died from eating chocolate, and despite being able to destroy an entire battleship by looking at it I still can not swim properly.I am not a good princess, and neither will you be, but get the game anyways just to have a good time."
,Recommended,251990,8178530,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GimmickMan,I had like six full runs of this game already (all minmaxing pretty hard) and I lived through the endgame all of once. Everything goes wrong all the time and everyone is trying to kill you. I love this game.
,Recommended,251990,8433452,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pevey,"Just so you are warned, this is not a game for kids...  Because why should they have all the fun?(Seriously, just to be clear, this is really not a game for very young kids.  Older kids should be fine.)This game is not a graphical powerhouse, and the gameplay is pretty limited compared to some of today's modern games.  It is not an open world to explore for hours upon hours upon hours.  And yet, it will likely reel you in.  How?What it sets out to do, it does very, very well.  This is a simple strategy game where basically you have to find the secret formula of what to study in what order, and what actions to take to keep your little princess character alive long enough to become the queen.  Sounds simple?  Wrong!  You will find plenty of new and unexpected ways to die!  Some are difficult to avoid.  So, you try again. This is basically the gameplay: try again.  Keep trying until you get it.  For some people, this may be incredibly frustrating.  I found it to be a lot of fun.Putting aside the cartoon graphics and the magical element, the story sort of reminds me of the story of Elizabeth I and all the dangers she somehow managed to live through to become queen of England, despite the odds being against it.  I recommend giving it a try."
76561198052612985,Recommended,251990,8570005,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Atelm Goldsmith,"An absolute blast to play, with room for different strategies which can all work equally well (though crippling over-specialization can lead to numerous funny deaths); this also leads to loads of replay value as the story takes radically different turns with the different play styles. The game is very harsh and mistakes made early can easily backfire weeks down the road in various ways.The only downside is that the game is remarkably short, although the replay value more than makes up for that."
76561198078732471,Recommended,251990,8417080,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Science Woona! Explain!,"Text based games have never really drawn my eye. I prefer something more visually stimulating than mentaly. Then came Long Live The Queen. A deep, stratigic game, you really have to keep an eye on your skills. Dying will also happen. Alot. My first time was being shot with an arrow, and not knowing how to take it out without killing herself. Might want to just BS the beginning to know where the skill checks are, so you can prepare for the early game. There are 40 weeks, and I was able to bs my way to week 22. Still, a humerous and fun game. Don't expect a short session, though, once you start, you're in for the long haul. Definitly give this game a shot."
,Recommended,251990,8612360,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"A visual novel with an interactive branching story based on your choices and character's stats.You're a princess whose mother (the Queen) has died abruptly. You will become Queen in around a year, on your fifteenth birthday. In the meantime you must attend morning and evening classes each week to be able to handle the stressful situations that will arise. There are many qualifications that you'll need, but not enough time to learn them all. You're going to fumble and make mistakes, and probably die... a lot. You won't be able to have a ""perfect"" story... you will sometimes fail, but still be able to make it out in the end.Every choice that you make in the game will affect the story, but in what way will not always be immediately apparent. Seemingly trivial choices may have disastrous effects and lead to a situation you're simply not prepared for. Even though you may survive the outcome of an event, it can still come back and bite you later in a different way. You are able to overcome challenges in multiple different ways, based on the skills and education you acquire during training. If you are well equipped to handle a situation, then you are given more choices that can lead to a superior outcome; however, if you're not prepared, then you won't have the tools required to benefit you and your Queendom.You'll want to save often, and with multiple saves due to the volatile nature of your choices. If your story ends with you dying, sometimes there's not enough time to correct your mistakes... it could take multiple weeks for you to figure out and fully prepare a way to avoid your tragic demise. If you die, the story's over. If you give up your throne, the story's over. The only way to ""complete"" the game is to survive a year and become Queen... even then you might not be satisfied with your story. You can play through the game over and over again to tackle challenges differently, and find a story that you're happy with.This is an excellent game, and is much deeper than it looks. On my first play-through I died, and when I went to start again, I noticed many of the events are the same, and occur no matter what you do... they just play-out differently. These events are pretty important to keep track of and prepare for. I felt they limited the story's flexibility at first, but it's hard enough to make all the right choices even when you know what's coming. The game generally won't give you enough notice to fully prepare for things, but that's good because it allows you to see flaws in your own decision making and prioritization. You see this same improvement in your character--transforming from uneducated, young, and foolish to strong, confident, and determined.If you enjoy light reading and want a game where you actually have to make choices, and where those choices actually matter in a meaningful way, then this is for you... or if you just like princesses ♔ :3"
,Recommended,251990,7661073,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Gay Baby,Truly the Dark Souls of sim games. The Citizen Kane of spreadsheets. The Hamlet of bar-filling.
,Recommended,251990,8333329,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,viper3.0,"Most fun played in a group, RPG hidden under a visual novel."
,Recommended,251990,8399337,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Firefoxies,Died by eating poisonous chocolate.10/10
,Recommended,251990,8454496,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,takua108,"Long Live The Queen is a game with a fantastic setup and promising mechanics. It sounds fun on paper, and the writing, art, and concepts for how the game works mechanically are all pretty great; in the end, though, I just found it frustrating to play. I'd still recommend getting it on sale if the theme, premise, setting, and art are all up your alley, because you'll definitely enjoy yourself at least somewhat... but I feel like the game could've been so much more if it had leaned more into the role-playing as opposed to the tired visual novel idea of playing the game over and over again, getting tons of Bad Ends, in order to get even one Good End.On your first playthrough, planning out classes and trying to balance Elodie's mood seem like super interesting mechanics and if you're into the aesthetic of the game and the stuff you saw in, like, the Steam trailer and screenshots, you'll be thinking it's like the greatest game ever. The writing is great, the way taking classes shows you a brief overview of the progressively more advanced topics you're learning in a given subject is neat, and man, like everything about the presentation of the game itself is fantastic.You notice as you play along that you're failing like every single skill check. You might even be like ""aw man, I missed this Poisons check? Better bone up on Poisons"" — only to find that you'll like never need Poisons again for the rest of the game. (Disclaimer: I have yet to complete a successful runthrough of the game, but have spent over three hours of time in the game according to Steam.) Then you'll die from something out of nowhere that you could've never seen coming and prepared for on your first time through.""Okay,"" you think, ""I'll give it another shot. This is clearly just a mechanics'd up visual novel, anyways, so I guess I should've expected hell of Bad Ends."" On your subsequent playthroughs, you'll attempt to adjust your class schedules accordingly such as to allow you to pass checks for events that you now know are coming up from your previous playthroughs. Then, when you train for a key class, you'll get little-to-no skill points from it because you weren't watching your mood. Or worse yet, you were watching your mood and thought to make your princess as happy as possible because she starts the game all sad and depressed over the death of her mother, but as it turns out some class you wanted to take does barely anything or nothing at all for you because of the mood you're in. You search around the UI and try and find some sort of reasoning for which classes are affected by which moods — and it turns out that there is no such thing (although they [mostly] follow some sort of logic). Instead, you must either figure out which classes are affected by which moods on your own and write them down in a grid on a piece of paper... or just check the top-rated Steam guide for the game.Basically, in the end, the game becomes more of an exercise in replaying the game over and over and learning from your failures, taking notes on what worked and what didn't, in order to come up with a plan to make a successful run through the game. If this sounds appealing to you, that's fine; I was hoping for a much more role-playing-oriented experience out of the game, myself. Again, I understand that it's a relatively short game once you have the path for ""the right run"" down, and the length of the experience comes from the act of replaying it over and over again, and also it's just a more mechanically-dense visual novel, when it comes down to it. These things are all fine, but it's just not quite what I hoped for given the promise of the game from the outset and the great writing the game has and such.In summary, I feel like the game has a great setup, great art, great writing, average sound and music, and great mechanical premise... but just kind of crappy actual mechanics in the end. It's still worth playing if the theme and setting and stuff interests you, and even more so if you're willing to put up with the visual novel tropes that make several, several playthroughs a must if you want to see a non-death ending... but at the end of the day, I personally wound up finding the core gameplay systems to be frustrating and poorly thought-out.★★★☆☆"
,Recommended,251990,8437385,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JimboTCB,"At first glance you might think this is some horrible anime garbage aimed at people who unironically use the word ""kawaii"" in everyday conversation. And... well, yeah, you'd be right. But if you can get over that, it's actually a horrendously addictive game which is half RPG and half time management game. You'll pick skills to focus on that sound like they're the sort of thing a successful princess needs to know, only to have the game throw skill checks at you for something completely unexpected and railroad you into failure. You'll go back and learn from your mistakes, focus on different skills, only to fail a completely different set of skillchecks and get railroaded into a new and exciting failure.You'll lose a swordfight because you didn't train in athletics, you'll lose a magic fight because you didn't train in decoration, you'll naively eat poisoned chocolate because you didn't train in court manners and trade relationships, and every time you fail you'll feel compelled to start over, not make the same mistakes again, and instead make a completely different set of mistakes. And if you're really lucky or persistent, you might even manage to make it to your coronation without stumbling head first into a death which was obviously avoidable with the benefit of hindsight."
76561198091638352,Recommended,251990,8257333,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jotaro McCree,bacuse who doesnt wanna be a queen XD
,Recommended,251990,8402498,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sigea,"It's a visual novel with skill checks for dead ends in place of oops wrong choice, better reload. It's good for about 3-4 complete play throughs then it'll be shelved."
,Recommended,251990,8129269,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Traumaturge,"don't let its feminine anime charm fool you; this is a dark as hell game with a surprising amount of depth. despite it looking and somewhat playing like a visual novel, Long Live the Queen is instead a twisted quasi-strategy game - in which one slight misstep in your princess's teachings can result in an unexpected death. a fun little jaunt, if somewhat stretched a little thin."
,Recommended,251990,8402297,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,teros001,"You take the role of a Princess trying to survive until her coronation.  To do so you need to raise certain stats and make decisions which alter the story, often in unexpected ways, all while managing the princess' mood in order to aid her education.  There is quite a bit of depth here and plenty of things to explore and experiment with.  Trying to figure out which abilities and activities you need to do to go down a certain route can be difficult, but fun.  However, this game isn't for everyone.  If you enjoy stories, reading text, making decisions (like a choose your own adventure book), and managing stats, then this will be fun.  If you need a bit of ""action"" or something more interactive then the things I listed, you will not enjoy it."
,Recommended,251990,8064690,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Sir Jerry,"If at first you don't succeed, you die.Probably one of my top games of the year. While the game itself is fairly straightforward and simple to play (menu-based), the challenge comes from knowing when to train for combat and when to run your mouth.  The idea is to basically survive. The way that is done is through the raising of various skills in order to overcome the trials ahead. If you pick the right skills to train, you'll go pretty far until you realize that your intrigue skill isn't going to help you safely remove that arrow from your chest.Verdict: 9/10"
76561198018593712,Recommended,251990,8642062,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,BIG D,"Quite a difficult game that requires a lot of strategy and several plays to even get relatively far into the plot.Not for the faint of heart, but highly enjoyable, once you get up to speed with it."
,Recommended,251990,8552862,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DARYL ダリル,"Though there is not much to the game, it is recommended that you try out this game. Good narrative, great storyline, and good graphics. It's not my particular type of game I would play, but this surprises me how my skills can change your path."
,Recommended,251990,9346641,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,misanthropeme,"If you like a lot of alternate endings, strategy, anime, and visual novels, then this games is for you!Your mission is to play as Elodie and help her reachher coronation.You do this by studying multiple subjects and reacting to situations presented in the game.There's bounds of information to learn and intresting side plots and characters.So get ready to help Elodie become a queen and live a long life ( That is...if you can actually survive)"
,Recommended,251990,12153711,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Antediluvian Evil,Once I accidentally got engaged.
76561198047609043,Recommended,251990,8158735,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Loli Princess,"Short, Simple, but incredible complex and full of surprises. That's what Long Live the Queen is. In amount of endings and plot twist, can easily rival Steins;Gate, but in lenght it pales in comparsion.And when we say massive plot twists, we mean MASSIVE. One single answer or ability check can cripple your ending and send you towards a spiral of madness and death, or maybe not? It's up to you, play, but don't play like you always do.Want to be a tyrant? So be it.Want to be a goody two shoes? So be it.Want to wield nasty♥♥♥♥♥magic? So be it.Your choice will become your end.10/10, needs a ton more of yuri, but it's 'kay."
,Recommended,251990,20898792,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Logicbomb,"I really enjoyed this game, its a story rogue like that is cryptic but offers some different play styles that make the game completely different each time you play."
,Recommended,251990,10873113,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DoublePlusRad,"Great for those who like ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" books and getting brutally murdered in a variety of ways!"
,Recommended,251990,10878482,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,★ seaweed ®,frustration and death awaits
,Recommended,251990,10871041,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hailz,"Do not be fooled by the cute anime art. This game is ruthless and surprisingly fun to play. Just play it, and you'll understand. (Totally worth the current sale price of $2.49, and I gladly paid $5+ for it)"
,Recommended,251990,9128561,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Worer,Survival game for hardcore bois
,Recommended,251990,8406761,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Crabz,The best in princess training simulators.
76561198056231225,Recommended,251990,8435304,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Risy,"Honestly, I like this game a lot more than I thought I would. Its actually a lot harder than it seems and it has loads of replay potential since you can focus on different aspects of the princess' learning. As soon as I tell myself I'm going to take a break to be productive I find myself thinking of another way to approach the game. Its got me completely hooked."
,Recommended,251990,7996890,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Flandere,"This game's sorta like a dating sim in the sense that you train skills and what not, but it's not. The main objective of the game is basically to live once you learn that basically anyone can be out to kill you, you'll end up executing anyone that looks at you funny. I definately reccomend it since it's so fun, not a bad way to spend ten bucks if you aske me. <3"
,Recommended,251990,8421116,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dr.Prinny,Long Live The Magical Girl.No one mess with magical girl. :p
,Recommended,251990,7969914,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,muffi^5,♥♥♥♥ING NAVAL ATTACK WIPE 10/10
,Recommended,251990,9060923,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,bill nye the science guy,"On the surface, this looks like a feminine game. Underneath, it's a game that encourages lots of replayability. If you can disregard the girly tones, and you like games that are about stat building and have automated outcomes (dialogue choices excluded) then you may want to give this game a whirl.Though be warned, you may find yourself slipped into a timesink."
,Recommended,251990,12630926,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Akka,"The first time I went from start to finish I felt the whole world was wide open, that there were a huge number of possible events and that I was only seeing a fraction of what there was to experience.Turns out each playthrough presents exactly the same set of conflicts and events. The differences are in how you solve them and in how and when (if) the character abruptly dies. With so many different stats to upgrade it's only natural that you rely on some more than others. The right combination of stats will solve your problems in really unique ways, triggering events that really flesh out the story and setting--good luck finding them without a guide.10/10, would put a silver collar around my maidservant again."
,Recommended,251990,8000374,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ウイスキー,A game that offers a fun and strategic experience with calming music and cute anime girls packed into a visual novel
,Not Recommended,251990,13325786,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Windifer,"I'm quite disappointed with this game, it keeps throwing challenges to your stats early on in the game that you couldn't possibly beat, and has basically no other function than to make you flip back and forth between the stats/ classes page repeatedly day after day. But at least you get a neat outfit when you dump enough time into one stat."
,Not Recommended,251990,7794437,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RothranAgnos,"I expected diversely branching storylines, but all i got it is a mostly linear single storyline with a few branches that just meet up in the end.  Idk maybe it's just me but i didn't feel any of the decisions really felt impactful. Replaying it felt the same each time, so yea. it's a good concept though."
76561198038631530,Not Recommended,251990,8874038,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,nofreewill,"I tried a few runs of this game, but it got tiring and predictable.  So I took a break from it for a week, and it still felt predictable!Maybe that has to do with it being a life sim, where direction of the game depends entirely on success/failure of certain events based on the skills you've chosen to train up to when the event approaches.  The problem is that it's the same event everytime, so the game is repetitive to absolution.Don't buy the game - you can watch someone else play it on youtube, but even that gets boring.  The writing is terrible, and music isn't anything special, and the graphics are still images with no animation.  The drawings are cutsie anime you can find anywhere.Fun for maybe an hour, but it has no replayability and the game simulates difficulty by arbitrarily failing you at every moment.Skills range from 0 - 100, and most things require 50+ skill to succeed, so the replayability lies in how you construct your princess and finding out which skills are essential to avoid death in the first place.So yeah, not worth what I paid."
,Recommended,251990,16385885,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wholesome Shipposting,Everyone wants to kill you.10/10
,Not Recommended,251990,30365328,Posted: 6 March,all,kill me.jpg,"the best way to describe long live the queen is tedious. you're sitting there for hours trying to figure out what little things went wrong in your planning to lead you to this, but not in a good way. the further you get into the game the further it becomes memorization and mindless clicking until you get the desired ending for thoughs brave enough to powerthrough the frusterating loss after loss. this game can only stay engaging as long as you A. haven't seen it through to the end or B. have seen the same death far too many times to bare."
,Not Recommended,251990,8247219,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mattox33,"What I wanted was an updated version of Princess Maker. What I got was a visual novel. If you, like I, wanted something with a lot of control, then you've come to the wrong place. If you want a visual novel with a bit more sway than usual, check it out. Otherwise move along."
76561198108214334,Not Recommended,251990,8732322,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Zotrian,"This game is quite pretty, yes, but it's essentially a shorter watered-down version of one of the Princess Maker games. While it was fun for a few playthroughs, I found myself constantly comparing it to PM. It lacked the many wide and varied options of that game, the only way to raise your character, the Princess Elodie was to bring her up to become a queen, while in PM games, you can name her anything, and raise anything from a ♥♥♥♥♥ to the queen of Hell, or send your girl off on quests. You also only get one year in LLTQ, as opposed to the 8 years of game time in a round of PM. The other obvious difference between the two games is that in LLTQ, Elodie can die. And she will die. On most playthroughs."
,Recommended,251990,25495784,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,jowe,cute loli ♥♥♥♥ing dies
76561198057323585,Recommended,251990,16472751,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,When you get a crit sticky,And you thought you were safe...
,Recommended,251990,23647390,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Norikiyo,No this game has nothing to do with England.
,Recommended,251990,17099342,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Korgi,Most accurate little girl murder sim.8/10
76561198041480561,Recommended,251990,10660568,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dryst,"Very happy surprize, this game is addicting and well thought out.  I honestly wasnt expecting this a all around winner and at this low of a price its money well spent!"
76561198042994011,Recommended,251990,9386112,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,The King,waifu plz!?!?
76561198027738623,Recommended,251990,8672636,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,severin44,Queen doesn't actually live very long.
,Recommended,251990,10163628,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Baron Von Balls,"A much more enjoyable game than I expected, full of nice characters, in depth story that you only get by being clever and a new story every time. 9/10 would recomend to a friend."
,Recommended,251990,10164304,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,DeadCrescendo,"Today I'm writing a review for ""Long Live the Queen""This little game is an interesting blend of things I grew up with, visual novels of course. And a small tinge of the ""Princess Maker"" series. Overall it's worth a play, but I'm not too sure on the 10 dollar price tag.That being said, I think it's a dark, cute little game with lot's of good comedy and excellent art. The dialogue is well written and translated and the multiple endings and choices help a LOT with replay value. Overall I give it a 7/10. If only because sometimes staring at the static screens over and over can be a bit boring and tiresome.Now if you don't mind. I'm off to be the prettiest princess in the land."
76561198021051489,Recommended,251990,8764806,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,|Deathly| the Lizard Wizard,"An interesting choice-driven visual novel-esque game in which you die in various ways because you didn't learn how to bow properly. Don't let its appearance deceive you because of all of the pink, this game is ruthless to the unprepared. I give it 4 1/2 poisoned chocolate pieces out of 5."
,Recommended,251990,9969577,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Bonejob,"Well I died about 8 times on my first playthrough, but I found out that boosting Lumen becomes very useful later game, depending on your choices of course. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys visual novels and skill managment. Also the magic girl costume is kawaii as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,251990,9235155,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Chaser324,"OK...I know you're looking at the screenshots of this game and thinking that it's some paper-thin fanservice-filled visual novel. If you give this game a chance though, there's actually some really cool stuff going on here.Guiding princess Elodie through the treacherous weeks prior to her coronation ain't easy. There's at least as much danger here as there is in any given episode of Game of Thrones - civil war, peasant uprisings, assassins, wizard kings...you can rest assured that you'll die many times in many ways before you finally see the crown placed on her head, but with proper time/mood management, some trial and error, and good educated guessing, you can succeed."
76561198041919726,Recommended,251990,9017261,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Sky-Torisuna,"Long Live The Queen is by no means a bad game, but it does have a few problems. The biggest one is the fact that the game is incredibly short. It only lasts about a month, which is by no means enough time to accomplish much. It also gives you way too many skills to raise in such a short amount of time, and considering that there's really only one ending, raising the necessary skills to pass all the skill checks at that point causes your other skills to suffer, which, in turn, causes you to miss out on multiple events due to not having enough points in the right skill. Multiple playthroughs or a walkthrough is needed in order to know what happens when and what skills you need. All that being said, the visual novel style of the game is quite nice and the skills checks do add an interesting gameplay element to the game. In my own personal opinion, though, Princess Maker 2 an older, but better game of similar design that succeeds where LLTQ fails. If you're wanting to try out Long Live The Queen, then by all means do, but I'd wait until it's on sale."
76561197995569355,Recommended,251990,8749599,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Arrowhawk,Fun little time sink.Great for those times you got some time to waste and don't want to do anything really serious.10/10 best game ever made
,Recommended,251990,8862133,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nefari0uss,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. It's different and very much fun. Recommend for all. Requires a fair amount of thinking, strategy, and trial and error. You will get the Queen killed."
76561198113928784,Recommended,251990,8928041,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,CGV,"This game is surprisingly addicting! A sort of trial and error game with numerous choices to make, skills to get up and ways to die. You'll be trying over and over to reach your coronation and become the next Queen! Become a strong-willed woman with composure and elegance, a magical girl (insert Madoka Magika reference) with divination and lore, a military leader with strategy and logistics or all of the above and more!A definite buy"
,Recommended,251990,8717248,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Blame,"I was skeptical at first - I never played something like this before, whatever ""genre"" this may be - but from the start this game was very intresting. It takes a lot of strategic thinking to get a good ending, and it's pretty difficult achieving one on your first tries; nonetheless, i found myself quite addicted with it. Even when I wasn't playing, sometimes, I started wondering wich path could I try to avoid death - skills to learn, in what order, choices to make - and that's good, it means the game is entrataining.The graphics may look frilly, but it's nice to look at it for long times - considering that you'll spend most of your game time looking at the skill-review screen to decide what to learn. The concept is good, and so is the plot; pretty much everyone could be planning your death, and most of the time you won't even know what you will be facing. The storyline also manages to surprise with sudden twists, so every skill may come handy.  I have already achieved two different endings, but I'll definetly play more to discover new ones.Moreover, after dying many times, you kinda feel good for the main character when finally you get to the ending xD I figure that once familiar with the mechanics and once used to save and load at specific points of the story, breaking through the endings is surely easier, but that's not a downside, actually.All considered, I think this may be a nice choice if you never played anything similar before and you feel you'd like to try."
,Recommended,251990,8437097,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Markrial,"I bought it expecting a cutesy magical girl game. It's kinda that, but way more complicated and really challenging if you try to get though it without using guides. I love it!"
76561198021304152,Recommended,251990,8861764,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,flameskitten,"Long Live The Queen (AKA: Umpteen Horrible Deaths, AKA: Elodie's Corpsification) is not nearly the cute, sweet, sugar-coma-inducing Princess Maker clone it appears to be on the surface.It is cute.It is fun.But the backstabbing, politics, plotting, wars, and economics make this game startlingly complex and tactical.Quite frankly, the odds are that you will NOT survive it. I sure haven't beat it yet. It's still stunningly fun, though, and when those moments come when you realize ""Oh poodles, I'm dead again!"" it just sort of makes you want to try again..."
76561198022283354,Recommended,251990,8727690,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Fisimatenten,"A nice little game that is more than the anime-style appearance might suggest.It will probably take you a couple of tries to get your princess through the whole thing alive.Although seeing her finding another way to get killed is just part of the fun.Even if you got her through alive and still hold the crown, there are a lot of other secrets to discover in your next try."
,Recommended,251990,8862094,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ziroc,If you've ever played Princess Maker you'll enjoy this game.
76561198057904924,Recommended,251990,8470387,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Majestic Space Whale,Pink Princess kills everyone with magic. The end. Kind of.
76561198047436914,Recommended,251990,10039126,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,McNugget Guzzler,"Do you want to be the prettiest and best princess there ever was? Well you can now, with this game. You can dress up in a variety of outfits and show all those other princesses who the real top b*tch is. You can learn magic and become a badass battle mage or become a badass with regular weapons too. You want to be an expert in foreign policy, the economy, or just know everything about the history of your country? You can grind you stats away in those fields. Do you want to be able to control f*cking falcons?! Well you can in this game, even though it is pretty useless. Do you want to die a crap ton and reload old saves to survive, well this game has that game too. It is really fun and you should probably check it out."
76561198060390452,Recommended,251990,10068627,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Cunt Muffin <3,"hey ♥♥♥♥ faces, good game like 10/10"
,Recommended,251990,10062147,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Benzene,"I used to be a princess like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee. The mix of spreadsheets feeding into narrative is a bit like Fate of the World. The game is a single puzzle where you have to go through the narrative a lot until you see all the pieces."
76561198035694329,Recommended,251990,10012475,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,sierra.rosa.02,"The music for the title screen of this game is God Save The Queen - appropriate, given the game's content. If you enjoy crafting masterful strategies, playing and replaying both to win and for completion, and figuring out all the dirty little secrets the nobility have to hide, you will enjoy this game."
76561197993339440,Recommended,251990,10047208,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,DevilDawn,"Basically a trial and error game. You die a lot. You design a new way for your char a lot. But you *still* die a lot.Don't be fooled by the pinkish anime optics. Look as cute as you want, some Duke in the neighborhood will want to see you dead. ASAP. Find your way around this, be it as a blade-wielding, spell-weaving battlemage (like I did), or by knowledge and style."
76561198040758909,Recommended,251990,8438004,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Malificar,I know noone will believe me but this game is worth a try. I can't explain why but if you give it a solid try then you will understand.
,Recommended,251990,11054114,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JohnySmith,"Great game, but $10 is too much for this mini game"
,Recommended,251990,10979570,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HotcakeNinja,I keep dying 10/10
76561198043337477,Recommended,251990,10872563,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Prettiest Man on Earth,M'lady *tipping intensifies*
,Recommended,251990,10894622,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hocksmonovits,"I created a fearless, unrelenting battle loli that knew all foreign affairs better than their own rulers and slaughtered anyone that opposed her with ease.She died because she didn't have the common sense not to eat an oddly marked box of chocolates."
,Recommended,251990,11124524,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Wicek,"If you like reading text then, you will enjoy it. I did."
,Recommended,251990,11215309,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,buzzti86,"Who didn't want to be a princess at somepoint in his/her life? ;) This game fulfills that fantasy in visual-novel style, while still enabling a significant amount of interactivity and decission making. You might be a little overwhelmed in the first playthrough by the amount of skill-sets, but you will soon get the hang of it. It is good that the game gives you feedback whenever a skill passed or failed to adapt you strategy for your next playthrough. Therefore I recommend also to save often and in different slots, because you will run into ""dead ends"" if you level up the wrong skills.I also like the mood system. Different moods give you bonusses for different skills, e.g. ""Depression"" boosts artistic skills, why ""Angry"" boosts military skills. I really like this system, because it justifies each ""mood"". There are also different outfits to unlock which also boost certain skills. Also a nice way to customize your charakter.The story is well written, but it's a little difficult to get to understand the different realms and relations between the charakters.Another motivating aspect is in a ""completionist"" way to unlock as many ""deaths"" or other achievements as possible. The ""skip"" function helps to try different approaches in a quick way."
,Recommended,251990,12212233,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Space Gandhi,You see the names ironic because you die a lot.10/10 just for the pun.
,Recommended,251990,14130401,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Haru,"I only have 2.4 hours on this game so far after having it for only two days. But I think that's enough game time to write a review!THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN. I love it! I love trying out different skills and making different decisions. I've unlocked 5 achievements so far, but I haven't reached the coronation level yet. But I will get there eventually! It's a lot of fun for me to figure out where certain skills lead me, and to figure out which decision is going to keep me alive. I still have lots of work to do to unlock all the achievements and all the epilogues, but I look forward to it all!"
,Recommended,251990,8648658,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Helmut Schalchtenburg,"Why do I keep playing this game? I need to go to work. Please, stop me.It seems so wrong but feels so right."
76561198020170177,Recommended,251990,10871018,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Poison Ivy,Execute EVERYONE!
76561198063206411,Recommended,251990,16380909,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Masturpotate,"Man, do I really like this game. But also, holy crap how it can get my blood pressure rising.It's challenging as all hell sometimes, especially if you have to go back a save or two and it's not enough weeks to fix your mistake and you die a million times over... :(I'm glad this was my first visual novel experience. I highly recommend it."
76561198205431548,Recommended,251990,14409494,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kiri,Definetly glad I played this. It looks like an otome romance game but its actually Game of Thrones!
,Recommended,251990,16058581,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Miss Vela,"A cross between interactive story and Princess Maker, this game puts you in charge of Princess Elodie. She is a 13 year old girl who's mother, the Queen, has just died and she now has a year to prepare for her coronation and rulership, as she'll take the throne at age 14. You decide what classes she takes each week, as she'll need certain skills to progress the story in certain ways. Maybe she'll know enough about Espionage to realize nobles are plotting against her? Or what if she doesn't know enough about Court Manners to know that necklace from a distance noble is a courting gift? Will she be able to survive an assassination attempt?With multiple different endings, fans of the Princess Maker series and interactive stories will definitely love this game."
,Recommended,251990,16370887,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,General Waifu,I eventually succeded at becoming the queen by becoming a grand archsorceress who solved everything blasting it away with magic.Commanding from frontlines? Blast things with magic.Challenged to a duel? Blast the guy with magic.A peasant revolt? Blast them away with magic.Another wizard wants to get♥♥♥♥♥♥on you? Blast the ♥♥♥♥er with magic.A relative was plotting against you? ...Send assassins.And in case someone tells you manners and etiquette aren't worth♥♥♥♥♥♥ ask them how they plan to survive poisoned chocolates.10/10 Best Socreress Overlord simulator.
76561198067213538,Recommended,251990,15415796,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,kisachan64,"Fun game that allows you to study, and make choices that reflect on how the kingdom is run. It's fun to see how many times and different ways to die. Yes this is a game where it can be fun to die. XD Death by chocolate is by far my favorite. Lots of cute outfits can be unlocked by studying each subject. I defs enjoy this game, lots of fun to be had."
,Recommended,251990,15975576,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Master Goonmaster,"This game has caused me to:1. Fall in love with Elodie.2. Create a website showing my devotion to Elodie.3. Create a Long Live the Queen Fanfiction.4. Make a 391-page document that only says: ""Elodie is the best.""5. Get poisoned by chocolates far too many times.10/10"
,Recommended,251990,15829901,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,"Long Live the Queen looks like it might be easy to dismiss as just another visual novel. It's not. At all.The better way to describe this game's genre is as aroguelike RPG visual novel. And that distinction makes a ton of difference.The reason it's a roguelike is because you are stuck with the consequences of your actions. There's no  going back. No re-assigning points (which you get from the RPGish training system within the game). You make choices and you can die. Permanently. In fact there are many different ways to die, some of which are very hard to find and you have to try for.There's a brutalism here that is tempered by comedy. Some of the situations and things happening are absurd, and the game recognizes that. But it's also totally unforgiving. You can't win a sword fight if you've never trained with a sword. But you can use your magic skills to just blast a sword-wielding opponent away. This blend of campy and fun and serious all at the same time really sets the tone for the game.I replayed it repeatedly after finally beating it the first time, just for fun. And also to try to explore all the other branches that I missed the first time around. It's rewarding, engrossing, and I ended up spending way more time on this game than I ever thought I would.The achievements unlock in weird ways: some of them won't register until you've attained it, then quit the game, then restarted it. I don't know why but it can be confusing and frustrating when you think you unlocked something but it doesn't pop.My biggest complaint is really with the beginning of the game: there are only a few paths that work to get you past the early pitfalls. It would be nice if there were more variety in how you could handle those situations. But it's kind of the nature of the beast: since all your skills start at zero it inevitably takes time to build them up to be anything useful.There are also some skills that almost never come up. Animal handling? They might be pivotal for a single check in the entire game. It would've been nice if they were replaced with something more interesting, or just used more.So if you want a unique, fun experience where you play a teenage queen trying to run a medieval country, complete with noble plots, wars, romance, and magic, then look no further."
,Recommended,251990,15702994,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sen Mysrana,"Don't let the rather minimal visuals or all the pink hearts fool you. This is a tricky, well-written and fascinating story. Expect to start making complex plans and use a lot of trial and error. Long Live The Queen!"
,Recommended,251990,16690998,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,►Beargasa2.0◄,"No other games have had me making hard decisions.This game is basically where you make choices which will decide life and death,eventually you will meet more deaths than staying alive.Still,it's fun to watch at the Main Character progress and become either a good or a bad person,so you can be whatever you want her to be.10/10-Hardest making decision game"
,Recommended,251990,16667385,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,HellSensei,it's not like my japanese animesit's not like my japanese animes at all
,Recommended,251990,16353531,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,amrista,"I agree with the dude who says this is like Oregon Trail. Herbal skill ==> Fail check. You hath perished of dysentary. Everything kills you in this game. Nothing is safe. Think of the worst case scenario. Civil war, assassins, falling off a wall, bandits, an invading armada, blowing yourself up by accident... missing divine omens. You could call it the Princess Death Simulator..."
76561198055963179,Recommended,251990,9241603,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,red_lilies13,"An excellent little game that never fails to entertain. I've spent longer playing this than I predicted at first. Although it looks simple at first, the game requires a significant amount of planning - especially for some of the crazier endings and even to beat the game the first time. The number of ways to die is impressive and I have stumbled into more of them that I could ever want.I’d buy it again in a heartbeat.Pros:The game play is simple and has a low learning curve - but beating the game is hard.The graphics are clean and the writing has more than one laugh-out-loud moment.There are a ton of different ways to play a run through and if you're willing to die (A LOT) you can see them all.Music was lovely.Cons:How the mood effects the skills is hard to figure out at many times.It's relatively easy to miss a lot of the content – even through different playthroughs – unless you are super obsessive about logging/recording each game.Anything I’d change?:I'd really have liked a log book that detailed the characters and their backgrounds and secrets as you learned them through various play throughs. A lot of the skills added to the lore of the world but you could only see them on the skill increase screen in game. A missed opportunity."
,Recommended,251990,16720386,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,pixish,"Finally made it to my coronation!The skills were a little confusing for me at the start, but I played with a friend and we had fun figuring out how best to adjust her moods to get the skills we thought we needed. Despite some of the 'heavy' themes like death and war, it's pretty light hearted and the art is really pretty. Outfit collecting is probably one of my favourite things :)"
,Recommended,251990,9157921,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,katii,"From what it looks like, it would seem it's jsut a cute little game for young girls. You would never expect for it to be a game that can make you as frustrated as it does. Each time little Elodie dies, just makes you want to try again. It makes you learn from each mistake."
,Recommended,251990,10892112,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[DZTG] SugaCookie,"This game, is full of fun. It's hilarious, serious, and difficult yet with an easy to use system. I felt guilty for liking this game as much as I have. I fully recommend it as a guilty pleasure game."
76561198037157292,Recommended,251990,10992125,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Anhydrous Feuerstrahl,"This game has the weird ability to be one of those few games that regularly bites you in the♥♥♥♥♥with a milk viper but keeps you coming back for more. My first game I made a brilliant general only for her to die due to a bandit's arrow and she didn't have the sense to wait for the medic. My second game ended with a civil war against my paranoid capitailist in training, which I could've crushed with the army.Yeah. Did I mention chocolate is a thing? That princesses love? AND IS FULL OF DEATH?!The music is excellent if you like classical, the art style is cute enough to prevent failure from being rage inducing.Chocolate/10"
,Recommended,251990,9445486,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Xiaki,"This game is fantastic, especially for an achievement hunter like me. :3"
,Recommended,251990,8440762,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Inquisitor Reira,"This game is absolutely TOP!I got it on a whim, it looked cute, and the reccomendations were good...and now I agree.It's such a time-consuming and immersive game. In short, buy this.Also, avoid chocolate. Just a tip.12/10"
,Recommended,251990,9301564,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Chunks,10/10 design your perfect waifu
,Recommended,251990,9169604,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Total War Lion,"Usually not a fan of 'Choose for yourself' storylines, but the cute death portraits and the desire to find all of the paths you can go down make this heavily addicting."
,Recommended,251990,9173014,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,50 Shades of Salty,"Do you have SadoMasochistic tendencies? Do you enjoy fussing over the tiniest detail? And do you like gruesome political intrigue and death? Well, this game is for you. Think of a cute-as-♥♥♥♥ Game of Thrones...with less midgets, dragons, and incest! 8/10"
76561198026496447,Recommended,251990,9212502,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,moggylemons,Love it :}Seems simple at first but it can actually involve a lot of plotting and looking forward(if you want). Also fun to just quickly go through it to see what other ways you can get yourself killed.
,Recommended,251990,9265402,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jozzeh,"Long Live The Queen is a game that features trial and error, logical thinking and strategy.To win, Elodie must survive to her coronation, but there are a lot of dangers on the way. Every week, you can pick two classes to let Elodie study on, varying from social skills to combat experience.An important factor is Elodie's mood: It's hard to be social when you're depressed, but that's a good opportunity to learn more about something cheerful, like singing. Each weekend you can let Elodie do an activity that affects her mood (while the story may also affect it a little, such as a snake scaring Elodie). When skilled enough in a certain area, such as for example Military, Elodie can unlock a Military outfit that boosts said skill a little.As stated, strategy will be involved as Elodie's skills heavily affects how the story plays out. For example, there is a part where Elodie is given a box of chocolate that is poisoned. Depending on certain skills, Elodie will either know it is poisoned, or she will have the patience to leave it for later (in which a steward steals it, leading to his death). Lacking any of these, means you aren't even given the option to not eat the chocolate as Elodie will be too eager to feel the sweet taste of soon-to-be-death.This is why it is also a bunch of trial-and-error: Your first time playing, you're not going to know what's coming at you; eventually you'll slowly progress and remember what events are coming ahead in which you can plan stratetic mood alterings to help you level up the skills needed to pass the events.It's a very calm and fun game that I can recommend to people who want something really simple.Not recommended for the faint of heart who can't read about Elodie dying in many different ways..."
,Recommended,251990,8821660,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,omnomMuffins,"This game is one of the most addictive, adorable, hardest, most evil things made. Play it!"
,Recommended,251990,8749263,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,"Joey ""The Big J"" Jojo",Moe as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198024045556,Recommended,251990,9406329,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,omnigolem,This is a hilarious little gem and death has never been so fun.
,Recommended,251990,9394673,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,hella ennui,"""How hard could this anime garbage be,"" I whispered, downloading what I assumed would be a relatively short foray into the world of moeblobs and banal love interests. I carefully craft my day to revolve around nothing but birds, military, and swords. Twenty minutes later I am dead because the game did not take pity on my attempts to be a humorously uncouth ruler. No, instead it bent me over backwards and gave me a cruel reminder of why you should save frequently, no matter what you're playing. Long Live The Queen will kill you. You will reload, swearing and sweating, furiously trying to pour your actions into learning what you hope will save your life the next skill check that rolls by. You still die. You die and you die and the game won't stop, even when you're sobbing in front of your keyboard furiously trying to come up with a strategy that will keep you alive at least long enough to get crowned queen.I wanted to put my face through a window after my fifth attempt to not get murdered. Hardcore royalty sim masquerading beneath some Puella Magica BS. 11/10, will need therapy."
76561197994086603,Recommended,251990,14045660,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Bunbury,"TL;DR: Great game. Your options may seem limited, but they accumulate, and in the end you will desperately try to find the one way to save poor Elodie from yet another grisly death while also trying to figure out who wrote dirty poetry about you. Incredible replay value due to branching story.In the game, you take control of Elodie, a princess whose mother has recently died and who is about to inherit the throne. She just turned fourteen, and you have one year to mold her into the queen she will have to be. Along the way, there are plenty of opportunities to die, which you should avoid - or not; there is, after all, an achievement for dying in 11 different ways ;)You train Elodie by choosing classes for her, two every week, which gives her points in one of about 30 skills. During the story, skill-checks will pop up (binary choice, you either pass or don't, no luck involved) and inform you that you got/missed some information, succeeded in a task or will quite often leave you entirely guessing which influence your doing a good job at dancing at the ball had on the progress of the game - but that's fine, finding out is fun!Additionally, you spent your weekends doing things around the castle. Some further the story, others change your mood, and your mood changes your skill point gain. This means that you WILL be rooting for Elodie to please become more depressed and lonely, because happy people don't learn to handle animals as well.There are multiple ways to survive practially any challenge, and there are many secrets to discover in the story. I doubt you could find them all in one playthrough, or even three - there are just not enough weeks in the year to learn everything.In summary, for such a simple little game, I had and am having a lot of fun trying to do different things and (still!) trying to find the stupid 2nd lumen crystal and, and, and ...."
76561198048901693,Recommended,251990,13905585,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,zoe_the_bookwyrm,"Me: This game seems pretty okay. I'll give it a try.*2 hours later* I AM THE QUEEN. BOW TO ME FOOLS.It's so beautiful, I can't even handle it."
,Recommended,251990,13927432,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ThatRandomBlackGuy,XD finally beat it once but missed a lot of stuff... welp i'm off to die in many more horrible ways
,Recommended,251990,12852243,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Violit,"Long Live the Queen is the kind of game that takes the visual novel genre and makes it into something that's both frustrating yet fun. Similar to the Princess Maker games from Japan, the goal of the game is to aid Princess Elodie into Queendom so that she can continue looking after the realm. You do this by making decisions for Elodie and deciding which classes she should attend (2 per week) in order to polish her into a tru gem. Of course, it's not as simple as that.The story has multiple endings and many twists and turns which often evolve in the death of our dear Elodie. Commoner uprisings, magical wars and coups are all parts of what you have to avoid running into whilst hoping that along the way someone doesn't try and trick Elodie into eating poisoned chocolates.The game is fun with a lot of decisions but can get frustrating after seeing Elodie stumble at the same hurdle over and over again. Gameplay is literally using a mouse to pick decisions but the interactivity of the story makes up for it. The additional clothes for Elodie are a nice touch. If you're an achievement hunter there are plenty of achievements to be found, and as there are different storylines there's a lot of replaying that can be done with satisfyig conclusions. Towards the end when you have almost 100% it can get tedious going through the same story again and again, however.Overall this game is great in any collection and not just for girls. :) Long live the Queen!"
,Recommended,251990,13908173,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DrDementile,"It's like Princess Maker and Black Box had a baby and wrapped it in a cutesy Machiavellian visual novel. You can go in blind or let it smack you with hints every now and then. Either way, take notes. LOTS of notes. Remember the Dwarf Fortress motto ""Losing is Fun"" and you'll do fine."
,Recommended,251990,13940839,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Yanya,This was the best anime girl death and embarrassment simulator I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,14079371,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sammybee,Enjoyed
,Recommended,251990,10691541,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bleh002,"Don't let the exceedingly cute graphics fool you, this is a deep strategy game.  If you want to succeed (and by that I mean make it to your coronation), you will have to be very careful in how you develop your princess.  There will be many mistakes made along the way, and those mistakes will see Elodie die from an arrow to the gut, or a blast of magic or drowning at sea or...Yet each gruesome death will leave you coming back and trying to figure out how to avoid it, without meeting your end in another manner."
,Recommended,251990,10981229,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mechamorbo,"I didn't teach her that, to treat an arrow wound, you shouldn't push the arrow IN.Admittedly, this was my fault."
,Recommended,251990,11217031,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,daestwen,"This game looked fun, especially from the reviews, but I still didn't expect to end up completely obsessed with it. Surprisingly complex, and difficult, but the difficulty just makes you want to play it over and over to get it right (arrow, arrow, poison, stabbing--).Really pleased with my purchase and worth every penny. :)"
,Recommended,251990,13584427,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Steve,My princess killed herself by stabbing a arrow farther in her stomach thinking it would save her.10/10 game
,Recommended,251990,14915186,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sir Bothersome,Can nuke the enemy army with OP magic. Dies to a box of chocolate.10/10 Action10/10 Twists
,Recommended,251990,14022728,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Smokey Joe,I HAVE A HEADACHE
76561198119251276,Recommended,251990,14805442,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,cluelessfool,died while trying to execute someone. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,9133740,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kaiser Klein,"A nice Dark Soul-ish game suitable for one sitting. Main complaint is the lack of diversity in ending, as there is only around one path to end it with too little variation. Many of the traits only have completionist uses, and since I tend to be more casual, this is also not a great quality. Also, the game is short, and I was expecting around at least twice as much main gameplay with restarts. Don't get me wrong, this was a thoroughly enjoyable game with a lot of thought put into the side missions. So if you like being a completionist or enjoy seeing all your hard work end abruptly (which IS humorous the first few times), or if you chust want to chill out to the AWESOMELY relaxing music, then this is a must."
,Recommended,251990,14789039,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,RAPTOR chika lover ^________^,Died 20+ times in my first run 7/10
,Recommended,251990,9274924,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Arisonas,how do i get anime queen to not kick the baka-et so quickly
76561198066050451,Recommended,251990,11817282,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Xzonamee,"Have you ever thought to yourself, ""Gee I wonder what it would be like if I was Kawii Desu Nee-San anime Princess?"" Well think no more my friend, for this game has the answer.It starts with you (Princess Kawaii) being pulled out of school by you father because your ♥♥♥♥♥ of a mother selfishly died. With her out of the picture, it becomes your duty to become the next princess. You do this by taking 2 different classes every week which in turn increase some of your skill levels. However this isn't like Skyrim where you can be a god at everything, instead you need to be a bit more carfull in what skill you want to increase.For example, if you wish to level up your intelect through history and diplomancy, you may be able to flatter that losser of a Prince after you remember his birthday. However in doing this you probably won't be skilled enough to dodge the arrow that just penetrated your Liver. Oh look, you're dead, try again...After you have completed your classes for the week, you than get see some more of the story unfold. It is also here where your learnt skills come into action, as they determin your success. You also get to make some choices in these events that ultimatly determin the fate of you and your kindom. There are also alot of pre-set events that you can't do anything about, so I wouldn't get to exited.My personal favourite event was when some peasent sent me a fanfiction of me having sex with a Squid.After these events you get the option of choosing an activity to do over the weekend, this affects your mood, which in turn affects how well you learn in your classes. Say if you are in an Angry mood, you will get a bounis in Swordfighting, but you will recive a penalty to Accounting.There are plenty of ways to play this game, however it can't can't give you endless enjoyment like 'Barbie Dollhouse Adventure' as after a few tries at the game, you notice that the story may be fairly linear. But that may have just been because I wasn't very imaginative with what actions I took during the game. I don't really have many dislikes with this game, possibably because I came in not expecting very much. One annoyance was that the only charater that shows any emotion at all is you. Also be prepared with the lore in this game, as there are heaps of Dukes and Duchesses which I couldn't be bothered to remember.I bought this game when it was on sale for $1.50 and I personally think $10 is a bit too much for this game. However if you buy it, it's a fairly fun little indie game."
,Recommended,251990,13533414,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,9na Clock,"When I first found this game I thought it looked a bit boring but still it interested me, so I finally bought it during a sell and i've become obsessed with getting the achievements and i've totally fallen in love with the MC, you can basically make her into whatever kind of person you want to, and shes so freaking adorable! I love that you aren't guaranteed to beat the game and you can die and it's just, it's so entertaining and well worth the money in my opinion."
76561198048383448,Recommended,251990,11422311,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,LilMilky,"If you like visual novel where you choice matter, you will love it.Tons of ending, tons of possibles deaths, every run is different."
76561198035456116,Recommended,251990,7936080,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Stealthmean,"a game that is addictive as it can possibly be, it forces you to think ahead and make you choose what to study, your mood affects it all but not only that there are several ways to die and it is an invredably hard game but it makes you want strive to win"
,Recommended,251990,8725472,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kulzar,"This game may look cute. Maybe you think it's harmless, easy, and not worth your time.You couldn't be more wrong.This is the Dark Souls of social simulators. You will fail. A lot. And it's amazing because of that.I dare you to beat it without looking at a walkthrough."
,Recommended,251990,10865618,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zellie,"This game is making me so damn mad.It was WELL worth the 2 dollars, I might of even paid 10 for it.It's incredibly entertaining and frustrating.You can die so many different ways.I keep dying from the duel guy though omfg.W/e. I will beat this, i swear omg."
76561197998069234,Recommended,251990,8690106,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Wtcher,"Truly a delight! Reminds me of Princess Maker, but far better - the storyline is more cohesive, the characters more memorable and best of all, you play as the princess! I could talk about shifting social dynamics, immersive qualities and a stronger sense of identity and power, but in the end, I know you just want to know one thing:Is it great? YES."
,Recommended,251990,11013400,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Party Yeen,"Long Live The Queen is a simulation role-playing-game that places you in the role of a princess on the road to becoming queen. Placing aside the images usually conjured by well-known fairy tales, being a princess as it turns out is very difficult. To make it to your coronation you will need to better yourself and make important decisions along the way. There is a lot to learn as a princess, everything from etiquette to history to military strategy to athletics and everything in between. Careful selection of what you learn and how well you learn it can open up new opportunities as well as avoid nasty failures on skill checks. How well you learn a subject is also dependent on your mood which can shift depending on what actions you take and how you spend your weekends.In many ways, Long Live The Queen is similar to Princess Maker which also features a princess with different skills to learn. The key difference being that in Princess Maker you play a king raising a daughter where as Long Live The Queen places you in the role of the princess dealing with political issues of every sort. There is a lot of agency to Long Live The Queen and the story can take radically different turns depending on what actions you take and how well versed you are in certain subjects. So there is much more at stake in Long Live The Queen than in Princess Maker. Who do you trust? Do you take the diplomatic solution or use force? Do you get involved in problems where success is not guaranteed? The first few times playing you will usually meet an untimely demise before ever seeing your coronation.Overall, Long Live The Queen is a fantastic and refreshing game. With so many decisions to make, there are a number of directions the story can go. And even if you fail, it's still enjoyable to just get back up and try again with something different. So if you've ever wanted to be a princess or just have fun as a ruler, I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251990,9147994,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,2mnyzs #HYPE,♥♥♥♥♥s kawaii ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251990,10990255,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tzumainn,"Imagine a game that is the apotheosis of all games, a brilliant fusion of story and mechanics and art that leads you to new emotional catharsis when you replay it every year.  The game also washes your dishes, files your taxes, and reminds you to call your mother on her birthday.Sounds like a game worth having, right?  But what if it cost $10,000, along with half your hair, both your index fingers, your favorite toe, and the promise of eternal agony in your least preferred afterlife?  It's probably not worth it then, right?Long Live The Queen is a game that is not the apotheosis of all games.  As such, I'd judge its non-sale Steam price of $9.99 as too high.  But if you buy it for $1.99 during a sale, then I'd say it was definitely worth it.At its heart, Long Live The Queen is a choose-your-own-adventure about a princess hoping to survive to queendom.  It has the added twist that each day, you choose two of 14 classes for your princess to take - classes ranging from Royal Demeanor to Climbing to Military Strategy.  Story branches appear and disappear according to your choices, and it is easy to end up impaled by a sword or punctured by arrows or eaten by krakens.This has reasonable amusement value, one that does eventually wear off; laughter turns to snickers turns to forced grins.  Fortunately, by the time I reached the eyeroll phase, I judged my enjoyment of the game up to that point to be worth roughly $2.61.  Which meant that I did more than break even on this game.  Hooray!------------------------------------------------------------------------Arrow in bodyPlease do not push further inYour organs thank you"
,Recommended,251990,11158078,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Holy Diver,One of those strange flash game simulators - All it is missing is some awkwardly drawn hentai (but not really). It is ok.
,Recommended,251990,11173630,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Redpath,"I have never been so frustrated and so surprisingly in love with a game. I bought Long Live The Queen on a whim and I haven't slept since. Screw this game. Additionally,buy it."
,Recommended,251990,11155989,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Csaszar,Never know what lies around the corner.
,Recommended,251990,10881890,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,FillerB,Yes.Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.Do not let the graphics fool you. This is one hardboiled life/kingdom simulator.
,Recommended,251990,9785208,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Attilion,"Good visual novel with a twist, yet a nightmare for completionists. Don't even think going for 100% unless you got too much free time on your hands (and no kids yet).The different outcomes are well thought off, and gives a real medieval feel. The numerous deaths will keep you wanting for more.Long live Elodie."
,Recommended,251990,18714653,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mirinae,"I have only played it a few times, but I LOVE IT.Just going through the game is about 2 hours (Although, my first time through I died an hour in), but there are so many things hidden her and there, and deaths you can get. I really want to get all of the deaths and endings. which I have yet to want in any game so far."
,Recommended,251990,16406109,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Radius_314,"Myself and a few of my friends all sat down together on first go to make Elodie into the queen she was born to be. with little to no knowledge of how the game worked. we ended up doing alright up until we got shot by a bandit... that was terrible.... we proceeded to play this soul crushing game for the next five hours, only to meet our death from poisoned chocolates on numerous occasions along with many other perils. Needless to say Elodie never made it to her coronation day. I f you like the feeling of soul crushing defeat, this game is for you."
76561198080448817,Recommended,251990,22170942,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,dogfool4,First visual novel game and loved it
76561198063254528,Recommended,251990,15617948,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ellardin,"I bought this game on an impulse buy, watched the trailer and decided it was something more than a point and click visual novel on steam. I was suprised to see that there is a game element to it, that there are story options and strategy when it comes to choosing skills. The game took me less than two hours to play through the main story, but I only touched on the tip of the iceberg in terms of skills, so it has tons of replay value.If you want a light hearted story for a cheap price I recommend checking this game out."
76561198049935947,Recommended,251990,12188071,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Loria Fraile,"When I first time heard of this game and watched the trailer, I was highly suspicious if it would be any good. Eventually I saw it on discount and wanted to give it a try. Normally I am not into these kind of games, but for my own surprise, it was actually pretty decent.It doesn't take that long to meet your death. So one round (=until your death) was nicely short and one could play it every now and then. But sure, I got addicted to find the way to survive and it took rather long for me to make poor Elodie to survive until her coronation day.So yeah, I suppose I kinda liked it. Since there seems to be rather a few different endings, I could think about playing it again."
,Recommended,251990,10402015,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Yari Naden,"A life changing experience; i laughed, i cried, but then the fire nation attacked"
76561198030937889,Recommended,251990,15617969,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,the.303bookworm,"This is a great game for fans of Princess Tutu and Puella Magi Madoka Magica! I had great fun discovering new and interesting ways to get myself killed, as well as directly contributing to the demise of others. 10/10 would make poor life choices again."
,Recommended,251990,13932395,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Captain Krombopulos,The only game I know which fulfils my dream of becoming an anime princess.
,Recommended,251990,13955575,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Conky,"It's Actually pretty fun, mind you don't expect to sink a great deal of time into it before the novelty wears off. You can only die so many times before it hurts your feels. As we all know a man may break his back from the weight of the world only to continue to rise again, however a man's feels may only be broken once."
76561198077945670,Recommended,251990,11266888,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,lovecrayfish,"This is the first game I've felt compleded to get 100% completion on, and even after I've unlocked all the achievements and died in everyway possible I still find myself replaying the game trying to see what I can do and the different ways to acheive different endings.Highly fun, highly frustrating and very addictive Long Live the Queen is a wonderful introduction to the Visual Novel genre and the perfect game for anyone who's ever wanted some Game of Thrones in their Magical Girl Anime."
,Recommended,251990,13502597,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pandora,Died repeatedly trying different strategies based on the many many times I died.Then a bunch of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ friends made my decisions for me and we beat it in one go.11/10 GOTY
76561198108600656,Recommended,251990,13962802,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pie-inator,"It seems chocolate always has the upper hand. No matter how much you polish off your skills, you just can't resist that sweet temptation.10/10 Would eat it again"
,Recommended,251990,10877427,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,˟♫ Sherloki ♪˟,It's like Princess Maker except you die a lot. Save a lot because you never know when you're about to die due to a skill fail.
76561198110711499,Recommended,251990,11468103,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ToriCat,"Amazing, funny and sometimes scary! This is a game you need to buy!"
76561198025566273,Recommended,251990,16443427,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheSteelFire,Best summarized as political intrigue with a healthy dose of magical girls.
76561197965277164,Recommended,251990,16572511,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Invader Steeven,Became what I watched on Anime.-A Smexy Magical Girl that shrekts people.-Blonde9.9/10 Would play again...if it was a bit longer
76561198174336805,Recommended,251990,16708286,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,STCabbie,Screwed my father over by agreeing to marry a guy twice my age who doesn't even seem fit.10/10 would betray Father again.
,Recommended,251990,16331671,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sheepleat,"Who wouldn't want to be a little, pink, princess?! :3Control her, have her killed, control her some more, have her killed worse...11/10 Would control her again"
,Recommended,251990,16376545,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,🔥YanYan🔥,This game deserves a 11/10 it simulates the life of a typical princess on her road to be a well mannered queen i would buy infinite copies of this so i can let all the people in the world to play this
76561198124122728,Recommended,251990,16885501,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Muffinman,You get assassinated until you go look at some walkthroughs.
76561198084731279,Recommended,251990,17072667,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ThedarkLegend0,Died by being molested by a Kraken. 11/9 would play again.
,Recommended,251990,17763616,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,dithyrambic,i bought this and i am ashamed
,Recommended,251990,17438060,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Eadlyn June,I forced somebody to marry me.
,Recommended,251990,17573472,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,𝓡𝔂𝓪𝓯𝓪𝓵𝓽,"One thing I learned from this game is that you can't spell Elodie with out ""die"" in it."
,Recommended,251990,14782277,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Rikku,"I've finally been compelled to leave a second review... Adorably addicting: my Achilles' heel. I was surprised how long it took me to die—especially after reading some other reviews—but the chocolates finally did me in.Sounds about right.Reminded me a little of Princess Maker 2, except it doesn't take as long and is actually fun throughout. And, unlike PM2, I did not feel empty, unpleasant and generally dead inside when I was compelled to start a new game after not getting an ending I wanted. So there's that, too."
,Recommended,251990,13536095,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lourdeath,10/10 Would push an arrow further into my body in order not to die again
,Recommended,251990,13955093,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sapaieo,"I recommend this game to everybody who has a lot of patience and likes text-RPGsI really enjoyed the humor in this game, and the ways you can die are pretty creative =D"
,Recommended,251990,13994672,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ThotPatrol,"week 27 decided to go to my home slices b-day party, got attacked by bandits my reflexes failed (had 70+) I got shot with and arrow and aparently the best thing to do is wiggle it out.  Elodie has a severe case of autism and ends up shoving it into her internal organs 10/10 would go to birthday parties again"
,Recommended,251990,12523730,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kanata,I tried to make her a queen and i failed so bad.
,Recommended,251990,10913738,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,hughman,"this game never stops killing you, but the different paths and outfits make every playthrough seem new despite the repitition"
,Recommended,251990,10938932,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,owlbeyourfriend,"I'm really not one for strategy--I like diving headfirst into my game and seeing what comes out.But gahdamnit, that adorable face dying makes me at least try.I've played the game a few times now, and I'm equally frustrated and intrigued by the fact there is no tried and true method for  perfect game. There *IS* no perfect game--something will fall to the wayside.This game is quick to pick up, hard to put down, and hard to get out of your brain. All in the best possible way.May your reign be glorious."
,Recommended,251990,10820543,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Montes,"Cutesy 'Princess Maker' meets brutal 'Game of Thrones'!This game is a deconstruction of ""dream to be a princess"".Good luck with that."
,Recommended,251990,11053236,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bomshika,"it's like dark souls, but harder and with gowns for smaller payoff."
76561198026937226,Recommended,251990,10970423,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,KRNCMGRL,Met the illest swaggiest waifu here. Great game will not trade her for anyone else. Long live my queen waifu
76561198027036833,Recommended,251990,11743151,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Trimp Chucken,"this is a nice little time waster. The visual novel aspect is relatively interesting, as is juggling all the different stats. The game tells you what skill checks are being used so you can see how to pass them next time around if failed.The most interesting part in my opinion is the story branches. Choices made at certain parts of the story will drastically change how things play out!I've died many times on the way to the ending, and only have successfully completed one run (in which i got quite a negative ending due to mismanagement of my kingdon)All in all, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,251990,10870868,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Spirit of the Walrus,This game let me live my dream of being a young princess.  10/10
,Recommended,251990,10873326,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Valchier,"Ate chocolates, died10/10"
76561198009287632,Recommended,251990,11973331,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,[PsI] Operative13,"By the time I've gotten everything down, I was so paranoid I ended up executing half of my family and slaughtering countless  foes just so I could wear a tiny crown that bascially says I'm queen even though I was practically exercising that power long before I even got that damn crown with that no-good completely useless father of a king asking a 14 year old how to run his fubar kingdom and annoying nobles and peasants constantly at your throat for every move you choose to make.  But it'll be all worth it once you get that damn piece of metal placed on that head of yours."
76561198042396094,Recommended,251990,10877415,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wolf Has Fleas,"UPDATE 1/6/15: I made my first review at about 2 hours into the dying fest. Let me just say, now that I have lived long enough to be crowned queen, I like this game even more. For me, saving constantly helped. Sometimes I would go back a few weeks and fix the lack of knowledge that killed me. Sometimes I would just restart the whole thing. I guess I can understand why some people might not like the game, but those kind of people I probably don't like anyway.First review:I'm liking it so far. It was worth the $2.75 I paid for it. I'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,251990,14985937,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,dash.galaxy,"In an effort to single-handedly win a way, I united with four wizardesses and crushed a fleet of enemy ships with magic... and unleashed a kraken that ended up costing my kingdom a lot of money to seal away every year.10/10 would release kraken again"
,Recommended,251990,18851106,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Liese,At least she looks cute in her death scenes?
76561197999040876,Recommended,251990,19345681,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Necrosyther,This game pisses me off so much but I can't stop playing -.-
,Recommended,251990,22188611,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Yumeko,"Rule the world or die trying!Well, I am very pleased with this game.A princess, a lot of decisions (and ways to die) and one goal:You wanna be the very best,like no one ever was!"
76561197988279510,Recommended,251990,17480310,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Darel,This is not very replayable once you make it through but the game definetely makes you want to finish it which can take several hours to plan your playthough.
,Recommended,251990,21045883,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,"It's the first 'visual novel' (If you can call it that) that has choices that REALLY effect the plot and oncoming choices that i've seen. Don't let the anime graphics fool you, you're not going to see any bewbs and it's going to be metal as hell."
,Recommended,251990,20018728,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PeterNewhouse,I tought this was some cute game full of cute girls. And maybe some cartoon porn. My cute princess was killed in 6 different ways in the 3 hours I tried this game out.Don't kill my cute cartoon girls. It makes me sad. 4/10
76561198120536017,Recommended,251990,23334158,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ouchbird,"Accidently became evil, then took and arrow to the chest.Will definitly die again."
76561198262374059,Recommended,251990,23880992,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,azuresquirrel,Far more difficult than it would appear to be and yet somehow addictively fun? Now if only I could get this pink princess to finally have that lesbian affair . . .
,Recommended,251990,26591746,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Caelle,"Interesting game, if slightly frustrating."
,Recommended,251990,26884764,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rincewind,Raised a waifu to be perfect.10/10 GOTYEY
,Recommended,251990,13578608,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,blythe,"WARNINGThis game is ADDICTING.When I started playing LLTQ I thought it would get old after the first game. But God do you get annoyed after that first death and are CONVINCED you can beat it if you just play one more time. 25 times later and Elodie still isn't the queen and you're still banging your head wondering what choice you made that went wrong. The best part of the game is that every time you play, it's just as unique (assuming you make new choices and study new things). There are a few monotonies, such as the characters. Overall 9/10, would recommend."
76561198154765239,Recommended,251990,13653949,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sora's 青かった星,Worth the money.
,Recommended,251990,26448475,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,sleepingcrows,Very challenging but tons of fun with beautiful graphics
76561197998048339,Recommended,251990,23964244,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Double-Plus Ungood,"I ordered an assassination.Killed a chicken.Blew up a potential assassin with my dark powers.And sacrificed my best friend to an elder god.Then died because I ate some bleeping chocolate!Yes, this game cute with a waifu. Don't let that fool you."
76561198102709976,Recommended,251990,30718427,Posted: 24 March,all,ohwillow,DON'T LET HER EAT THE CHOCOLATE!
76561198181368958,Recommended,251990,17503852,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Abusive Waifu,"This is really fun to play, actually. I am yet to become a crown queen, but dang it, do I die in the most rediculious ways >w<"
,Recommended,251990,10984445,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Happy-Go-Unlucky!,"Even after you're able to beat the game, you're gonna want to see what you could of done differently to get to the same goal. Though you will die a large amount the first go around, you will want to see what happens if you fill enough of a subject and that is what helps the game keep it's replayability since the path will alter slightly."
76561198035480537,Recommended,251990,10962350,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kotodama,"Princess Elodie recently lost her mother. In 40 weeks, she'll be crowned Queen of Nova, that is, if she survives. This is, basically, a choose your own adventure where you get to stat out Elodie in the hopes of dealing with the scenarios that come up. It's a fun game of character management and intrigue. It isn't possible to get everything out of the setting in just one sitting. Luckily, Elodie dies a lot."
,Recommended,251990,7605355,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,mirta000,If you enjoy a broad variety of endings and a visual novel like gameplay you'll enjoy this game :)
,Recommended,251990,13753098,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,HoloTheWisewolf,7.8/10 Too much water - IGN
76561198107801021,Recommended,251990,13776101,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,harpo_rat,"It's fun to go in blind, pick random answers and classes, and see how you die.... because you will die.10/10 it's a must die"
,Recommended,251990,10874999,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Polydeuces,One of the best Visual Novels I have ever played.
,Recommended,251990,10950125,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,☼Tropical Loins☼,"Before playing the game I didn't expect to be very fond of it (weird considering I bought it).I realized I was very wrong.This game is fun and addicting. You end up analyzing all the ways you could have avoided a death, or what outcomes would have happened if you had leveled a certain skill. Once you beat the game once, it doesn't end there. There are sooo many endings and possibilities, its incredible; the best part is: It is ALL up to you!"
,Recommended,251990,10866703,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Starsailor,In this game- You can be the Princess- Trained in many thing to be the perfect Princess- Execution criminal- Get ready for Navel Battle- Die by tentacle and chocolate- You'll die again and againPrincess Death SimulatorStory 10/10Strategy 10/10Death 100/10
,Recommended,251990,8652472,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ltchocolate,Sooooooo ♥♥♥♥ing good I alawasy wished I was a princess and now I am ^_^
,Recommended,251990,8725018,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Sunny,"Ability to see the future + Powerful Magic = you could be as ruthless as possible and no one could touch you.A fleet of ship - call a stormPeasant revolts - fireball for funWant a fair duel - blast with magicPoison chocolate - I already knew it is comingAmbush - I saw it coming in the wind so not going outSome people complain skills are not equally useful, but this is true in real life too.You can't expect the skill to tame a dog is as useful as the magic skill that could call up a storm and sink a whole fleet. (In general, of course there is going to be exceptional circumstance)"
76561198002598235,Recommended,251990,8886143,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,[HoH] NickCreator,"If you saw the preview for this game, you pretty much know what to expect. While you don't have an exceptional amount of ability to alter the major events, you CAN change their outcomes in various ways. The writing is smart, and the way you make your character can vary in hundreds of ways, making this game one you can easily come back to any time for another go at, either for fun or to get all the different endings. I'd recommend this game to anyone that loves seeing what rewards and conquences lie behind even the slightest alterations your character makes."
76561198052221308,Recommended,251990,9156678,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Heljareyga,"In short: it's the Dark Souls of Life Sims, incredibly fun as well as grimm. Don't let the art fool you!"
,Recommended,251990,16628774,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Atomic Penguin,"Although I am usually NOT a fan of Roguelike perma-death / Start over type games (& over, and over, and over, etc),Long Live the Queen is too perfectly charming not to like.It is a very well designed game.You learn as you go, how to avoid certain traps by focusing on learning certain skills before others. It took me a few short-lived (for the Queen) run-thrus to get the hang of the simple system. Or rather, to see what choices I should have made early on. But really, you're going to be doing that throughout the game anyway.It's not as easy as I thought it would be.But you start caring about the little Queen and you really want her to succeed....or live for that matter. And keeping her alive is no easy task. At least not for me.The dialog options are good & you make choices that really matter & that have potentially severe consequences.IMO the writing is very tight in this area. It's one of the things I liked most.It has slight RPG elements, in that you decide what she will learn. The classes you choose for her will increase her skill in specific areas, all of which are vitally important to her continued existence, and all of which will affect your dialog options at some point throughout the entire game. It's all tied together very nicely.So if you are a fan of games with a decent story, or a fan of Roguelikes in general,I recommend you buy this little gemand enjoy the heck out of it. If you like Visual Novels you will enjoy this....though Queen is a LOT more interactive than most VN's as it is an actual game first.It's a fun little game to spend time with & I certainly encourage everyone to try it!"
,Recommended,251990,9349509,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Goatzilla,♥♥♥♥♥es don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about being a Princess until you die trying.
,Recommended,251990,13490361,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ＧＵＣＣＩＧＡＮＧ,"The Queen is dead, long live the Queen!"
,Recommended,251990,23737087,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Maso,"Most of the skills are completely useless, and most except the few that are required to win the game don't need mastering. Good luck finding out which!"
76561198089813669,Recommended,251990,9656082,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Assassins Weeb,"I got this game on sale, my motivation being mostly the cute artwork. However after playing an hour I became addicted. I've started over and been killed about 7 times so far and I'm sure it'll take me a while to actually beat.It's addictive and cute with nice music and graphics, I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251990,9171627,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Yozakura,"This game is not for anyone who doesn't like critical thinking, you'll play as a crowned princess(not a queen but will be a queen soon) and how difficult to be a queen.but for me this game is great. this game is very challenging. Being queen isn't all it's cracked up to be. For all the fame, fortune, and limitless invitations to balls, there are assassination attempts to fight off, rebelling commoners, war barking at the boarders.something will happen if you failed xD"
,Recommended,251990,10904147,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fuzzling,"I have played this game for a mere 2 hours, but already I can see the appeal of it. It is both great in story telling and in gameplay? I would reccomend this to anyone who is out there looking for their new waifu. desu desu kawaii"
,Recommended,251990,7627711,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Satyrane,"I have played this game for a little over an hour and a half, and thus far I have been:shot by an arrow (twice),poisoned, andstabbed by an angry noble in a duel.This game is addicting in the way Choose Your Own Adventure books are addicting; when you make the wrong choice, you want to go back and try again. Unfortunately, unlike those books you can't necessarily just go back to the last choice you made and start over; some events are the result of choices you made much eariler in the game. (Hint: frequent saves on multiple save files are your very, very best friend.) This game also benefits from the reasonably engaging story line (drama and intrigue galore; shades of Game of Thrones), stats system based on education (appealing to my dorkiest tendencies), and general adorableness even when your princess is skewered on somebody's rapier. It's a bit like a visual novel and RPG meshed in an oddly endearing way. I'm a little frustrated with my inability to progress beyond a certain point, but that's my fault for not saving more often!TL;DR: Fun for OCD nihilists everywhere!"
76561198029905591,Recommended,251990,15199657,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ashbringer,"This is only what I thought of the gme you can skip to the pros and cons at the bottom if you'd like.Opinion:How do you know a game is good? When even though it angers and infuriates you, you still keep coming back for more and that's exactly what this game does. As of yet I have died many times from various things that seem innocent at the time but killed me later and every time I only get more furious with the game, for example please tell me how a Decoration skill matters in a magical duel to the death? But it's also for this reason that the game is so good, there are so many interlocking events that you will find yourself eager to replay it again and again with each time trying a new method to see how far it gets you. To put it in perspective there are so many skills and events that the game's wiki couldn't make a walkthrough of it. This game will make you embrace your inner paranoia and I loved it.Pros:Extreme replayabilityEvery action has a consequenceDifferent and interactive storylinesTreats player as intelligentThrows the player right into the gameExtremely good funCons:Soundtrack could have flowed better with the gameOutfits for the character were kind of annoyingSome of the deaths and skills were frustrating (the Decoration example to name one)Confusingly large number of characters.Never explains what mood affects each skillSteep learning curveFinal verdict: Worth a buy  8/10Long Live The Queen!"
76561198037610985,Recommended,251990,7923169,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Epic Pony Time,"This game is excellent, but far too short. A playthrough maybe takes an hour if you really know how to expand the game and I think that is not enough to fully sink your teeth into the gameplay, which is simple but enjoyable."
,Recommended,251990,8070333,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＧＩＲＬＳ@ＧＹＭ,"Went into this game not expecting very much, but it was surprisingly fairly challenging and rewarding! The chibi death scenes also helped quite a bit to motivate me w"
,Recommended,251990,8072639,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,PasKarma,So many fun ways to die!
,Recommended,251990,8114689,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Below Average Player,"Worth every penny. This will keep you entertained for a good while and at the same time, make you change your game plan each time you die."
76561198035557763,Recommended,251990,8137394,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,sewolff787,This is a addictive game with a sense of humor that will keep u playing over and over again.
,Recommended,251990,8187945,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kamen Pâtissier Compiffytune,Cute girl doing cute things.
,Recommended,251990,8188619,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Linoa,"If you can't handle the idea of dying a lot then this game probably isn't for you. Personally I think that's part of the game's charm. Finding new ways to die makes ""winning"" all the more attractive when you finally manage to dodge every death threat that comes Elodie's way.If you like this game I would suggest looking into other games put out by Hanako, because in my experience most of them have been fantastic."
,Recommended,251990,8201933,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Stur,"This is a somewhat complex but interesting game about stat management on your character. You will not win on your first try without serious luck, but has high replayability to know what stats to boost each week and what to invest in later. I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes stat management RPGs."
,Recommended,251990,8216842,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Azslast,"This game of trial and error, random guesses, and mood management. Well at the first or secound play through.You will die. Theres no helping it."
76561198095499943,Recommended,251990,8223739,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jaqen H'ghar,"If you want a dating sim, this is not for you. I am unable to play this while drunk."
,Recommended,251990,8286067,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,«POLY»,Too guud.
,Recommended,251990,8309112,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MGDawson,"Good visuals, a strong story, and pitfalls with every decision you make, the goal of becoming Queen is anything but an easy ride."
,Recommended,251990,8312070,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,sammyfearless,"Strategy, music, and cute as hell princess happenings, this game is definitely one which breaks its outward stereotypes. If you're one for complicated strategy, trial and error, and plot, this is a game for you. There are countless possibilities and outcomes, including deaths and achievements."
,Recommended,251990,8316584,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,fodder,Death by everything.
,Recommended,251990,8317322,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,I Save Alla Ze Bebehs,"The game is a really unexpected challenge for people going in thinking it's going to be a simple cute dress-up game. There's a reason why most of the achievements are different deaths and game-over screens. If you want to get a happy ending, you have to EARN IT. Winning means planning ahead, tactically choosing what to learn and when, and keeping careful notes on absolutely everything and everyone. You WILL die. You WILL lose. A lot. The only way to win is to keep starting over and over, learning from your mistakes, and preparing to do better. If that's something that interests you, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,251990,8351039,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Norwegian Forest Yosh,"Hardcore stragegy, however not sure if this is really worth the price. It's a bit better if you like text-based games, and follow the story closely."
76561198061989504,Recommended,251990,8351288,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,birdiebyte,"You WILL die a lot and you WILL be addicted.You'll have to go back and completely start over quite a few times due to choices you made or a lack of a certain skill. It's addicting to try and figure out a strategy that will help you princess make it through to the coronation alive, only to have her perish and have to work out another strategy. It's a time consuming game that will probably last you a while if you dont use a walkthrough and have patience."
,Recommended,251990,8351980,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Irene Adl3r,"To start off with something important to know; this game is challenging in many ways. It's not least because there are so many possible paths and you don't know how to handle each one until you've failed at it at least once - unless you're using a guide. I would recommend to NOT use a guide though, as experiencing each failure and mistake in this game for yourself is very satisfying. Even more satisfying is learning from them and eventually building up better and better strategies for getting all the achievements and/or endings you want.The game is basically a visual novel with anime characters, and there's no sound except for the music (which I personally think is much too repetetive to enjoy). The art is well done, and the conversations are easy to understand and for the most part, well written, but cutscenes (or events  as one would more accurately call them) easily become boring after a while and fervently clicking them away because you've seen them somany times before becomes the norm quite early on. It's a bit of a shame since the story is quite good and it's genuinely interesting to see how your gameplay affects different events, and what becomes of the main character, Elodie, as well as her kingdom.You choose yourself how you want Elodie to be - a cruel and war-hungry sorceress hunting animals on her weekends, a well-mannered and elegant history-buff charming nobles and peasants alike, or maybe a charismatic military leader aiming for peace and justice. There are two things that decide your fate: SKILLS and DECISIONS. An additional factor, MOOD, does not affect your story directly, but it affects how much you can improve different skills each week. These three factors affect each other; decisions (and events) affect your mood and skills, your mood affects your skills, and your skills affect your decisions. There are also two additional factors that linger in the background; cruelty and noble opinion. They seem small and insignificant at first, but they may eventually decide the difference between war and peace as well as who lives and who dies.These mechanics are basically the core of the game. All you have to do is change how these factors affect each other and learn which changes will get you to the ending you want. It sounds quite simple, but there is a huge amount of changes you can make, and each one has the possibility of leading you onto a completely different path. Learning the possibilities of each little change takes a lot of time, but once again, the satisfaction of learning is great and it makes your victories even sweeter.To finish this up I will say that even now, after 17 hours of playtime and multiple finished games, I can't say I have in any way mastered the game, that I know all about it or that I have found a way to ""win"" each time without effort, but playing and learning the game is immensely fun and I recommend it whole-heartedly."
76561197993207089,Recommended,251990,8392222,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lost Question,"the fun is not in how you become quees its in how you manage (or not) to avoid death idi you scarf down the mysterious box of chocolates because well its chocolates or did your loyal pet dog flip out and not let you near them, or did you pass the one of the intellegence tests and say umm these chocolates are a bit shady for my liking maybe you passed a sence magic test and said theres something wrong with there chocolatescan you survive 40 weeks before assending to queendom?"
,Recommended,251990,8394930,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ロンド91[Order of Icarus],Must have in every game collection and its rly fun!!!
76561198001373840,Recommended,251990,10695624,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KT,"Pretty Magical Girl princess who can fix flowers, train falcons, beat grown men in duels, and throw a relative to a kraken. MUCH deeper than it looks, great fun and addictive to explore."
,Recommended,251990,16388256,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Eishua,"Long Live The Queen is a nice challenging little game. You can choose from many very different paths and do many drastically different choices to reach your Queenhood. There are even more ways to fail in this quest for power. Once you learn the important things, you should be able to win the game. It can, however, feel only half won as your kingdom didn't end up as nice as you hoped. With that in mind Long Live The Queen has also some replay value especially for those people who want thing to be just perfect."
,Recommended,251990,16753625,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,i'm like tt,Multiple gay endings 10/10
76561198059788180,Recommended,251990,17418817,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Tsukki,"This is SO good.It's entertaining and challenging to infinity and beyond. You'll be unable to let it go, and will feel compelled to try again and again until you get it right.Plus it's extremely cute to the eye. A cute Dark Souls."
,Recommended,251990,23351538,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AmyIsHere_,10/10 IGN would die again...and again...and again...and again.
,Recommended,251990,7645926,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Doktor_HemoPhilyK,"Well, this game is basically the illegimate child of Dark Souls and Anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Senpai.10/10 - Would definitely die again."
76561198026296025,Recommended,251990,7835241,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,OmniGundam777,"Don't mistake this for a silly, cute magical girl/princess game.♥♥♥♥♥♥GETS DARK REAL FAST.still fun though"
,Recommended,251990,7858726,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Warlord-with-Benefits,"I decided to play this game after watching MangaMinx's breif playthrough, and I have to say, it's even more fun to play than it is to watch. I will warn you, you hsould be prepared to get killed a lot and unlock deaths quickly. As a fan of Visual Novels, I highly suggest this game."
,Recommended,251990,7870999,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Foreboding Albatross,I love this game; I could play it all day - and I likely will...for many days.
,Recommended,251990,7882970,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,number 12,"Such an amazing game, I honestly didn't think I would replay it as many times as I did, but wow."
76561198063341359,Recommended,251990,7978007,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MusicianMagician,"Don't take it's title screen appearence of magical girls, flowers, and everything pink as a sign. Long Live The Queen is a complex strategy and you can pour a load of time into. Each time you die, you come back with a new strategy to try. Out of twenty playthroughs, I reached the end with the princess alive only once. and it was nuts. You can choose to negotiate peacefully, or just go forth and execute everyone like the Queen of Hearts. Give it a whirl. It's great."
76561198090952306,Recommended,251990,7990054,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,chocolatestover,"If you like interactive story games, you'll like this. After you finally beat it, it is pretty fun to experiment with different ways to die."
76561198050161253,Recommended,251990,8321052,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,keyystone,"Great game!However, if you were like me and wanted to play to see the romance, you're gonna be let-down. There is close calls, and forced (not arranged) marriges. Most are for titles and money. Also, so far I've only found there to be 1 happy ending out of the many depressing ones. Strangly, there hasn't been much talk about how her father puts everything on her, and tells her to take care of it, while he sits on throne after a few week into the game. The game can cause frusteration, since there are many impossible things to achieve.Now for the good sides. It's not perverted in the slightest. The music, gameplay, abilities, are all spectacular. There are many routes and possiblites. It's girly on the outside, but if you ignore the child-like art and pink, it's a pretty gruesome game. It can be gory in words more than image. If you're planning on becoming queen one day, this is the game for you. You really have to think about your next more for it to all sync together.I really did love this game...until I threw my computer out the window."
,Recommended,251990,8394924,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jeggo,Jesus lord this game is insane! Get it!
,Recommended,251990,8592733,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Fastmine [NOR],"An awesome game, of course you have to be able to look past all the pink & cuteness ;)It involves some serious trial and error, and you have to plan ahead.One mistake might get you killed 10 weeks down the line, so save often. You have room for over 50 different savefiles :)"
76561198012221863,Recommended,251990,8595147,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Sparkbomber,"Okay, you may be thinking that this game is girly, childish or whatever in the negative sense. However, the truth is that Long Live The Queen offers an incredibly fresh gaming experience. Part visual novel, part choose your own adventure, part rpg and part tamgotchi, though the sum is greater than the parts.You guide princess Elody from the time her mother's death forces her to leave boarding school up to the moment she's crowned. If you get there that is. In spite of the cheerful graphics and beautiful music this game has a brutal difficulty. You make the wrong choice? -> you die, you haven't got several skills up to snuff? -> one dead princess, you kill off a troublesome noble? -> her son runs Elody through.Every choice you make has consequences and the sheer gigantic amount of things that could (and probably will) go wrong is staggering. Yet as daunting as it makes the task, it's damn fun to try it. Additional fun comes in the form of the death scenes which (though presented in a cute way) are reminiscent of those found in Shadowgate.So, what are you still reading for? Get the game!"
,Recommended,251990,7633251,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Infinitylight,"Very, very, very nice discovery! I'm glad I supported it to be greenlighted!It's a very funy and easy played simulation game! The art is lovely too!Be aware though:-very hard game! xD Can't get to the end (yet, after a day)- there's only 1 music fir the whole game, that gets stuck in your head to the point you hate it!!I do recommend it to all my female friends! Cuuuute~~"
76561198052515018,Recommended,251990,7802959,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Joe Kickass,"Oh man, what a hard game. But when you win it's worth it!!! If you like an RPG challange go for it. I can't wait for more from Hanako Games, great stuff keep em comming!"
76561198062460796,Recommended,251990,7856691,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Princess Kururu,"This game is just purely awesome.....Hilarious and awesome...I never write reviews...Get this game, you will NOT regret it! <3"
76561198103647971,Recommended,251990,8034189,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Luibei25,"Great game. Lots of endings, and headache inducing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Long live the loli."
,Recommended,251990,8240680,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nikodo,"I haven't successfully lived at this point, but I've played through over and over. Its addicting and you want to just keep going!"
,Recommended,251990,8382268,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,KilleR_OrigiNs,"This is by far the most excellent death simulator I have ever played. Not only can you die by your own stupidity, you can be killed in battle, drowned at sea, blown apart with magic, or stabbed! This is only a small list of the many different ways that you will die in this fantastic game!If you'd like to find out what true aggrivation is, then play through this game without saving! I promise you that it will go swimmingly! (And by swimmingly, I do mean you'll drown. Sometimes.)Now I don't wish to ruin anything for you, but I must say this; should you think you'll win this game easily, than I warn you, keep some form of stress releaving device nearby, be that a kitten in a toaster, or perhaps something less grim, like a standard punching bag you may stab with a kitchen knife repeatedly.In all seriousness, this game is fantastic. The story line is very indepth, and every small choice you make makes a larger impact on the overall story. I have yet to beat this game, and doubt that I will anytime soon, and very much enjoy the many hilarious, and sometimes gruesome deaths that I stumble upon. However, the Earl of Lo can suck it, as I hate him with all passion and anger and greed and any other emotion applicable to hatred."
,Recommended,251990,8393972,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shiggz,oddly fun
,Recommended,251990,7861736,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Diabhalri,"On the surface, Long Live The Queen looks like a sickeningly-pink girly Princess dress-up simulation game you'd expect to be shipped out under a Barbie logo, but what waits for you inside this deceptively-dressed strategic simulation game is a plot filled with deception, magic, warfare, and political intrigue like you might except from a Game of Thrones themed sim. I definitely recommend this to any fans of visual novels or simulation games in general."
76561197991107991,Recommended,251990,7881895,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rakshasi,Its a fun little game. All i know is i Died because i didnt know how to dance.
76561198041272619,Recommended,251990,8153425,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,mic100_k,"Great game, all diagloue based. The game itself isn't very long but you will likely die the first time and it is well worth playing multiple times as each time you can make different choices and start to figure out more of the overall story. It is definitely not possible to figure out everything in one playthrough. Even with multiple playthroughs it doesn't take long. The game really follows the choices you make."
,Recommended,251990,8155875,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Blast My Chai,I guess this is what being the Urobutcher feels like.
76561197975596760,Recommended,251990,8208315,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Corrupted,"I hoped for a new ""Princess Maker"" but unfortunately ""Long Live The Queen"" is much smaller in scope and length.I guess you could call it a blend between Strategy and RPG, where you pretty much have to memorize important events and be prepared for them - or evade them, in both cases often rather unintuitive. This makes it a case of Trial & Error gameplay, or Guide Dang It.I would call it ""Baby's first Princess Maker"" but actually, the tone is a lot darker. It's more Game of Thrones and less Final Fantasy.Any game where you can sacrifice a girl to appease a tentacle monster deserves a recommendation though."
,Recommended,251990,8236949,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,paperpally25,Fun at first got really boring when I needed 3 more achievements for 100%. Worth trying though
,Recommended,251990,8390374,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Renaissance Man,"This game is great! It looks simple, but has plenty of depth and very addictive. Very fulfilling game for those who enjoy strategy."
76561198051820081,Recommended,251990,8448628,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kitparadox,"Not a game for everyone. It's tricky at first with almost too much to figure out. Once you realize what mood affects what skill it gets easier. Be warned odds are you will die ALOT, and sometimes stupidly so, but from each failure you learn. There is a finite amount of content, but I have yet to find it all. Playthroughs are not always the same, and events will change depending on your choices.Probably not the longest game out there, but I find it rather enjoyable by it's story and execution."
,Recommended,251990,8449444,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tulipdew,"Oh my goodness, I'm actually learning proper princessy etiquette from this game.  I love it!! lol"
,Recommended,251990,8586910,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SAMTEDDEH,"Died like, 4 times now, it's great! Really funny at times :D"
76561198061098201,Recommended,251990,8594434,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,...dood...,"One of the most pleasant surprises, didn´t expect much, got a lot, best deal."
,Recommended,251990,8602376,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,legotrix,This is a quirky little game with a lot of laughs. I click your path adventure.
76561197991155047,Recommended,251990,7609173,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Cally,"It's a visual novel based on stats. It is completely scripted with no randomness at all. The game plays out in turns. Each turn you select two 'skills' for the Queen to learn. Then you select an 'activity' for her to do, which will change her 'mood', which will affect which skills she can better learn. The game will then check to see if your skills match a certain threshhold every few turns, which will affect the plot and what happens to the Queen.This is not an erotic themed game.From the description, I thought the game would be humorous. That the plot would involve laughing as the Queen dies in funny ways. Nope, the plot is completely straight. There are funny moments, to be sure, and some of the deaths are pretty stupid. But no, it's a straightforward story.Actually, as weird a comparison it might be, this game's plot actually reminded me of something you might see in a Crusader Kings 2 game. Pretty much all of the focus of the game is on feudal politics, and the most important skill is arguably ""Court Manners."" There is some impressive world building here and I couldn't help but get drawn in. The plot is well written. It's detailed enough to capture your interest, but brief enough you don't get bored. There's enough variance in the plot depending on your results that keep it interesting.My main criticism I think is that the game has a hard scripted event where you have no choice but to fight one guy, and you must have a specific arrangement of skills developed that you won't know about except through trial and error. There is only a set number of turns before he shows up, so your judgment in developing skills and maintaining your mood is critical. I still haven't been able to pass it despite hours of play. (It would be very simple to use a walkthrough and win, but if you did that the game would have no challenge and little replay value.)Do I recommend Long Live The Queen? It's pretty excellent as far as these types of games go. I'd call it superior to Heileen 3.  If you're into these types of games, go ahead."
76561198035990705,Recommended,251990,7627528,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,snowyonetwo,"The princess stands before the invading army, a terrified lump within her throat. Weeks ago she had seen the omens, seeing the telling signs of an oncoming invasion. She had studied as hard as she could, learning as much as possible about naval warfare, hiring as many troops, and speeding up her studies into the realm of magic as fast as she could. However, her management of the treasury wasn't up to snuff and she could neither hire the troops or build anywhere near enough ships and her allies did not come to her aid when she needed them. Despite leading the defending fleet herself and sinking several ships with her potent magical power, her fleet was routed and her armies broken. Now the enemy commander stands before her, sword at the ready to cut her head off and claim her lands for his own. She is on a razors edge. Her magic can't save her kingdom and she is no swordswoman.She keeps her calm though. She has already been close to death several times in a few short months, her composure is perfect and, despite being outnumbered and invaded, she commands the room. Her knowledge of the invaders is great. They love their families and their leader has been pushed into this invasion by his demanding wife. She asks one final request, to sing a song. She picks her song carefully, the song her late mother, whose grave she has frequently visited, sang to her to comfort her, a song to pluck at the heartstrings of her foe. Her vocal training allows her to deliver it perfectly as a hushed silence falls over the room. There is only one victor here. The war is over and the princess's foe is utterly broken. She has escaped death once more by a razors edge and survived one more week closer to her fast-approaching coronation.This was the crowning moment of both awesome and heartwarming in my first successful attempt at Long Live the Queen, and I wish to say that, in my eyes, it speaks to itself as to just how great this title is. I can think of no better example, no better words to tell you if this game is for you or not than those right there. However, I'm sure more people are interested in what lead to such a moment and other factors, so I shall continue on.Long Live the Queen is a delightful little title in which you play as the young princess Elodie whose mother, the Queen, has recently died. Things are not all prime and cushy for the young princess however. Despite being only 14 years old, her mere existence places her as a threat to the power of multiple lords and nations, and they will not hesitate to kill her given the chance. Her life hangs by a razors edge and one wrong move could easily result in her being buried beside her mother before the title of Queen can be bestowed to her. She is determined to survive however. Can the young princess overcome the swarms of political and magical plots upon her life? Or will she be overwhelmed?Long Live the Queen is easily one of the best written visual novel games I have played in a long time and it captures the delicacy and intricacies of just how politics unfolds a lot better than most other games, some of which outright rely on politics, I have played. Many different things can happen and careful balance and attention is required for success with failure having immense, possibly lethal, consequences. The Princess Elodie is one of the most likable characters I have seen in a long time. Young and a bit naive about the world, but capable of immense internal strength and insight.Recommended Price: $10.00. It's short, which is a problem, but the difficulty and varied paths will more than make up for it. Honestly, I can see a bit of a divided base as some people will feel this too close to a Japanese dating sim or too difficult, but to those who can stick it out, it can easily be both fun enough and have enough replay value to hold its own.Final Verdict: A 8/10! I would totally rate this visual novel game much higher if it was a bit longer or more fleshed out. I will acknowledge that the difficulty and time is an easy turn-off for some people."
,Recommended,251990,7642326,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,John,"This. ♥♥♥♥ing. game. It's about as much of a loli princess simulator as Reccetear is a loli cute cute item shop simulator. You soon learn that everyone in the realm is out to kill you and to trust no one, as you navigate the politics both domestic and international, all while trying to mantain your legitimacy as ruler. The only part of this game that could even be related to Princess Maker is that you're sending yourself to class. That's it."
76561198054627228,Recommended,251990,7645196,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Necr0niX (idle),"Ever missed your good old Tamagochi-pet, who died in misery and a pile of his own dong? :D This game is for you! Help Elodie become a cruel, relentless killing ma... erm, I'm sorry, I mean kind and loving heiress of the throne... Or fail miserably and watch her die a thousand deaths. Up to you :D"
76561198039940348,Recommended,251990,7655550,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,TheArchaeologist,"Super addicting, super fun, crazy hard. Just buy it. Stop reading and buythe game already. Come on you know you have always wanted to be queen."
76561198050927821,Recommended,251990,7816239,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Crash Override,Super addicting. Kind of reminds me of princess maker but a lot more brutal since everyone is out to get you.
,Recommended,251990,8070915,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,v.wiggins,"Not for everyone. Definitely only fit for a chosen few. But for those who find the idea of dodging arrows, winning wars and charming nobles an exciting challenge, this is the perfect game. It has some flaws, but it is far more than meets the eye, and you do grow to love it over time, despite its girly appearance."
76561198069612843,Recommended,251990,8102607,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Witch™,"To be frank with you all, I expectd to have finished this game within an hour or so of owning it. But now, after at least six hours of strategizing and four deaths under my belt, I know I was sorely mistaken.Long Live the Queen is more than your normal cutesy-wootsy Shoujo visual novel, it's actually a quite challenging Simulation RPG based on ""leveling"" up the skills needed to put Elodie, our much beloved Queen-to-be, on the throne. You will face challenges such as civil war, uprisings against the crown, foreign attacks, assasination attempts, and the making of crucial decisions that could mean life, death, or even disastor for the whole kingdom. Please, I implore you, do not take this game by face value alone, all the pink and frills cover up a fierce strategy game that had all but left me in stressful self-loathing at my own Christmas purchase.TD;LR: Girly outside, hardcore strategy inside. 9/10 would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,251990,8183718,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Maids vs Witches,"This game first caught my attention when with its cutesy graphics and native GNU/Linux support when it first appeared on Greenlight. Even so, I wasn't sure if that would be all there was to it. After playing the game for a a bit, I'm happy to say that it isn't.Behind those cutesy graphics is an impressive engine based on the RenPy framework. The gameplay centers around a round-based stats system which is simple to grasp but provides some room for experimentation. This is combined with a well-written branching visual novel with options that vary based on how you build your princess. The interplay of the stats and story makes for an enjoyably addictive experience.I recommend it even if you don't normally enjoy the extremes of the dress-up simulator/spreadsheet game genre spectrum. It's a happy medium that should appeal to a wide audience."
,Recommended,251990,8396517,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ZarikX,Surprisingly addictive and fun!
76561198016993611,Recommended,251990,8396837,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Harrylee,Hail to the Queen baby!
76561198054524863,Recommended,251990,8397462,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Iridescence,"This reminds me of what happened to me with  Euro Truck Simulator. The game concept sounds kind of boring, in LLtQ's case it also looks awful to people not into the cutesy anime style but the game play is really damn fun and surprisingly deep. If you like the roleplay events from Crusader Kings 2 and ever wished that was fleshed out into a full game, now it has. Kind of choose your own adventure with a strong strategy backing. Sometimes really good things come in overly cutresy weird looking packages."
,Recommended,251990,8397952,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Torso Is sad,I have not played this for that long but THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ADDICTIVEHighly reccomend to anyone looking to get sunk in to a game for a very long period of time !
,Recommended,251990,8399842,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Croc,I only wanted to be a princess... ;_;
76561198065143889,Recommended,251990,8448194,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vanilish,I surprisingly liked this game. I thought i was getting somewhere with it! Then out of no where i died. Real Shocker.
,Recommended,251990,8448433,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,meatocracy,"Short, narrative-based strategy game that hearkens back to the Choose Your Own Adventure days. Fun for a few hours."
,Recommended,251990,8493663,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Elerion,"A game where, maybe, dying is the funny part.  You can choose how handle the live of your princess, i mean,  in one hand you can be a powerful sorcerer or a skillful diplomatic. It is useful? I dunno. Doesn't care which path you choose cause the game is who chooses if you're doing right. And don't be afraid of the death, your pink haired girl will be as cute as ever. So, use your powerful mind to choose the right way. Magic, diplomacy, being an object woman... (what? You can do it. It's pretty sad but you can.). Don't waste your time and play this game which is more easy than cook a pie!"
76561198041028516,Recommended,251990,8498119,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,hakasafing,"Pros:1. If you take art into consideration, this game has very cute and colorful characters, albeit its backgrounds are reused constantly.2. It's a lot of fun gathering up all the achievements. There's definitely enough to keep you busy and get your money's worth out of the game.3. There's separate endings, all of which are effected by even small choices during gameplay.Cons:1. This game takes a little while to beat. You might want to save each turn, or be prepared to start from the beginning.2. While the many skills the protagonist can have are interesting and fun, it could be frustrating for some trying to pass all of the ""tests"" each skill has. Whether or not you can feasibly beat all the tests, I don't know.3. It can be frustrating at times to encounter an event that you need to complete to beat the game, yet you haven't gathered the required skills.Overall it's a nice game, worth playing more than once. However, I wouldn't shell out too much money on it."
,Recommended,251990,8566273,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Spazz,This is a frustratingly delightful game that will drive you mad
,Recommended,251990,8590749,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ihatethewoods³,"I had a lot of fun playing this game. It took me several goes before i managed to get Elodie to her coronation - but thats all part of the fun!Each time Elodie died, i was eager to start over, knowing what decisions i would change to keep her alive, and it was interesting to see how certain parts of the story changed depending on what i did choose.It took a good while to work out which emotions (mood) affected which skills, it wasn't made clear and it was trial and error. It proved quite frustrating nearer the end of the game as i needed an exact amount in certain skills, and it took a few 'load games' and outfit changes before i finally found the right combination to get those skill points i needed.Some skills seem to be completely useless, but i think thats a big part of the game, figuring out which skills you need, which skills you don't, and which skills are going to keep Elodie alive!I would recommend!"
,Recommended,251990,8602154,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,HTMC,"If you like story with some strategy elements and don't mind the Princess theme, Long Live the Queen is great. Lots of replayability, and will leave you reloading save after save in an attempt to get your perfect Princess through to her coronation."
,Recommended,251990,7686536,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Jacob_Applehoof,"Quite fun, hours of replayability, and an overall interesting story. Anyone who likes games of this genre should get it now! Oh...and she has outfits for all your loli obsessions >.>"
,Recommended,251990,7609962,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,tinf,This game is a great reimagining of the classic 'Princess Maker' series.Great slow-paced gameplay where all decisions you make will have an effect on the intricate story. Death and betrayal looms at every corner in this almost rogue-like fluffy-pink game of thrones.
76561198068681024,Recommended,251990,7777618,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Theboomslang231,"a very nice game, i recommend to all who love games were your choices matter"
,Recommended,251990,8056880,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MrPancakeBushido,"Fun, but short visual-novel-raising game. Story is straightforward and easy to understand. Mechanics are simple but surprisingly deep. Definitely worth a buy on sale. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,251990,8052980,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,CuriousMints,"Long Live The Queen works much like a visual novel, which isn't surprising considering the company that makes it. There's a lot of trial and error involved, and you will most likely die a decent number of times before you reach the actual end. However, unlike in most games where that's annoying, it's pretty fascinating to see all the ways you manage to get yourself killed in this game and what all the different decisions you make can do. There's no voice acting for the game, but the music is quite good. The art is well done. The story is always interesting, and you learn more about this world with every play through and with every different decision you make. The game is highly about strategy and trial and error though, and if that turns you off, I really wouldn't recommend this game. But I can easy see putting a decent amount of time in this game just to see the different paths you can take and what different playing styles will do."
76561198063585923,Recommended,251990,8289169,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sydonia Sanshiro of Danelaw,"I'm not sure exactly what drew me into this game but I'm glad it did. The concept is enjoyable and immensely replayable. You will watch as your character fails in skills you never bothered to invest time in and the desire to come back next time more prepared will drive you to replay continuously.Grab this game, you will not be disappointed."
76561198064980586,Recommended,251990,8381775,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ShadowSonata,"Combining elements from a life simulation and visual novel, Long Live the Queen makes for an interesting change of pace from the usual action, platforming and rpg games. In spite of the uber-cute exterior, this is a fairly challenging game. You need to keep track of various skills, Elodie's moods (with can have a fairly heavy impact on a skill you're trying to boost), and the various events and characters you encounter. Also, you can expect to have Elodie die more times than South Park's Kenny and Star Trek's Red Shirt guy combined. Overall, LLtQ has a fair amount of replay value as you try for different outcomes and achievements (or to see how may ways poor Elly meets her untimely demise). Only you will determine if Elodie will become the beloved ruler of Nova or a severely depressed,traumatized and stressed out wreck with more emotional issues than Katawa Shoujo's Hanako Ikezawa.As entertaining as the game is, LLtQ does have it's share of flaws. Most notably some parts of the skill check system. Some checks require skills you either will not have early on (Sense Magic for one) or at levels impossible to reach without the debug console. One example is  the weekend event in Week 8 requiring a nearly maxed Sense Magic or skill combinations at 120+ or higher (Lore,Conversation,Presence,Meditation). A slight rebalancing to lower the required levels somewhat and/or having Elodie able to learn Sense Magic without the crystal (natural/ inherited ability) would help here.Another would be having a type of ""Class System"" which would give her more of a background. After all, she attended a boarding school for the children of the nobility and yet has no skills to show for it. Makes you wonder what she was doing there. One way to implement this would be similar to the ""G.O.A.T"" test from Fallout (series of questions to determine her background) or by selecting the type of school she attended / classes she was interested in or excelled at. Choose a Finishing school for Social and Dance Skills), Military (for Weapons,Military and Intrigue), Academic (Intellectual), Athletic (Agility/Athletics) or Artistic (Expression skills) for a small starting bonus (10-20 pts.).Finally, this could use an expanded relationship system rather than just depend on the events in the game. A few Tokimeki Memorial / Sentimental Graffiti style date event and gift/letter exchanges with a chosen love interest (male or female) could add some more depth to the game as well.Overall, in spite of the flaws mentioned, this is an enjoyable game and worth the $8-10 price tag"
76561198037790582,Recommended,251990,8537879,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Imants,Game is good but too short and without too many branching.
76561198032297137,Recommended,251990,7827024,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fuzen,"This is both a fantastic and addicting game, i absolutely love it and i'm sure you will never regret buying it, i 100% recommend it =D! Replayability is also a strong point of this game even though it's not randomly generated each time you play, there are lots of ways Long Live the Queen can be played and beaten so you will inevitably play this for a long long time! If you like Anime this is probably the game for you, plus it's story is really well made!  Also, this is more of a personal thing probably, but Long Live the Queen is helping me cheer up a bit in a period where i'm always depressed, angry and lonely and i'm smiling a lot more since i started playing this game! Maybe it could have the same effect on someone else with my same problems, who knows =)."
76561198026620591,Recommended,251990,7915687,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,The Duck Knight,"This game will be mean to you. Serious.If you like to get beaten by a ""simple"" game again and again and again and again this will be a good choice.I like it."
76561198115575490,Recommended,251990,16219431,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Pure fucking rage,"I recommend this game to everyone, but good luck trying to find a successful ending"
,Recommended,251990,14552383,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Irieuvial,"First play : ""oh it's like princess maker""5 mins into game: ""oh noes so many options but so little time""20 mins into game: ""SAILOR MOON TRANSFORMATION- I WILL PUNISH YOU IN THE NAME OF MOON""*breaks into laughter*50 mins into game: ""ahh i died Dx"" *scrolls back and chooses another option* ""oh noes i died again ;---;""^ forgot to save.gaddam D<Second play: ""I will beat that **** this time with my newly trained skillz >:3""^HAH *changes storyline* TT"
76561198058616006,Recommended,251990,16603386,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,pennywhistle,"I will warn you going in, my friends; this game can be an incredibly frustrating experience. You will die a lot, as a result of failing checks that seem to come out of nowhere. However, if you push through this and keep replaying you'll find anincrediblyrewarding game waiting for you. It's a great feeling to finally pass a high level check for the first time, and seeing Elodie finally make it to her coronation is the best!One thing I do wish is that there were an option to reread all the lessons Elodie learned so far on a given playthrough. It'd make it easier to catch foreshadowing, get a fuller sense of the world when you can read lessons which inform each other back to back instead of with potentially weeks of gameplay between them, and (when replaying) to realize that you've forgotten to do anything for a check that's coming up.I'd recommend playing through your first time or two just picking whatever you'd like and seeing what happens, but after that here are a couple tips:Okay, one tip for your very first playthrough: Don't keep chasing checks that have already passed! By that I mean a LOT of people have the instinct when they see a failed stat check to go ""Oh no! Let's focus only on that stat for the next few weeks so I'll never fail with it again!"" You'll see this happen in blind let's plays of the game all the time, and it's a good way to get Elodie dead.Read the flavor text you get with your classes! Not only is foreshadowing and worldbuilding hidden there, if you see the description for one lesson mention something you'd need a different type of class to use effectively that's probably the game waving at you yelling ""Hey! I'm gonna check for these back-to-back at some point!Have an idea going in of what you want to accomplish. There is not enough time in the game to get skilled enough to pass every high-level check, so just pick a couple things you want to do and only worry about them. (Well, them plus surviving, obviously.)By that same measure, don't feel pressured into getting your Lumen crystal just because the game keeps bringing it up! There is never once in the game that you NEED to use magic without any other way around it, so if there's some event you're focused on getting don't feel like you need to get sidetracked into pumping up your presence or accounting skills.Having high enough intrigue by a point near the midgame will let you pick something you want your agents to focus on protecting you from. Whichever you pick can save you from one possible failure state later on. (More guards, for instance, will bypass the infamousarchery/battlefield medicine/composurecheck.)Divination is surprisingly useful, there're multiple points where Elodie will get a hint that can lead her to doing something that'll prove useful later in the game from it. But if you rely on it too much it can also drive you away from interesting plotlines.Almost every failure state in the game has more than one way to avoid it. If you keep banging against one scenario you just can't get all the way through try going back to an old save and seeing if you can find another way through it. Some of the alternate ways can be very satisfying! I love watching Elodie using knowledge of trade route and internal affairs to logic out that something's fishy aboutthe poisoned chocolates."
,Recommended,251990,16819356,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Someone,10/10. Enough said.
,Recommended,251990,10911465,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Flame,"This game is basically a turn based ""choose your own adventure"" game executed as a visual novel, with some roleplaying elements.You start as a 14 year old princess, soon-to-be adult ruler of your kingdom. You have to make it to your 15th birthday in order to be crowned as Queen. That's in 40 weeks. Basically 40 turns of learning skills, managing your mood - which alters your efficiency to learn certain skills - and reacting to situations. 40 weeks to survive to be the Queen!Some elements are always present - your mother deceased recently, and you start out as depressed (thus you're more tuned to learn artistic things than conversations initially), plus your dad asks you about state affairs sometimes. Some come random to bite your cute royal bottom - like a box of suspicious but very delicious-looking chocolates, or an invasion. Certain things - such as magic - should be earned first and then learned by hard work.Adorable protagonist, nice atmosphere, some UI quirks, jokes and references, little unlockables, gameplay mainly driven by trial and error. It's a rather lovely game if you have the eye for it, but if you don't like CYOA or visual novels you're in for a letdown.Here is an official videoshowing much of the game's UI."
,Recommended,251990,17655410,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Sheepish,"I love this game, and managed to finish it recently.Its stat-management and wide variety of dialogue choices allowed for a great variety of endings and deaths.Pros:+Very aesthetically appealing, visually stunning game, with a vibrant color pallette+Different choices of costumes and stat-related outfits+Great soundtrack sets the atmosphere very well+Emotive facial expressions+The main character was very likable, and had great character development and story arc(s)+Many, many deaths were just the right amount of challenging and frustrating+Great game for achievement hunters, badge, and emoticon collectors+Includes a skip featureNeutral:*The story could have went into greater detail about the politics and the universe, but is likely unnecessary. Perhaps it would have been an interesting bonus feature, like the map of the neighboring foreign lands the developer had posted in the Discussion forum"
,Recommended,251990,17619090,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Cela Shyish,"I bought this game on a whim because its not very expensive but it was actually shockingly fun. Most especially when I had a friend on facebook at the same time to tell him all of my awful decisions as Queen, like Bludgeoning a criminal to death in the castle courtroom or neglecting all social mannerisms in favour of war XD I think I make a wonderful Queen and I think this game is worth it for the comedy value alone, except not only that but I did find a number of the characters endearing and everything matters so it has a lot of replayability. Love this game <3"
,Recommended,251990,32799038,Posted: 25 June,all,Mister RPG *LJ*,Dark Souls Queen Simulator: Bad Luck Eloise edition.Success is ongoing but so far I have...Died trying to be nice to an old school friend. My carriage was robbed and I got shot in the belly with an arrow. Died bleeding out due to lack of medicine skills. how the F am I semi-queen sort of if I am no MEDICAL HELP. Really?Died of poisoning?Was imprisoned after losing a civil war despite heavy investment in learning the military and visiting my forces multiple times. k...
76561197985780107,Recommended,251990,27453474,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thrastil,"There are so many ways to tackle your queendom, and even more ways to fail miserably. I've played this game for over 30 hours and I still run into little tidbits of story I'd never encountered before."
,Recommended,251990,10231648,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Apollo Caelum Lumen,10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,251990,32778295,Posted: 25 June,all,W1770W,"A very good game, with interesting twists, and a storyline that goes all over the place. Definitely needs multiple playthroughs!"
76561198035207413,Recommended,251990,19952478,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,joseph_a_weiss,"First you play to win, then you keep playing to die die die. Who knew killing this little girl over and over in different ways could be so much fun!"
,Recommended,251990,17784922,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Koos,I really like this game and i want to love it but its the same story every play through. The same events happen every time and the replay value is good but I get tired of seeing the same events.still worth a play though
76561198131708584,Recommended,251990,33028169,Posted: 30 June,all,RPG-Junki,Love love love this game!! It's fun and playful and just a little bit twisted.  I am bound and determined to unlock all of the achievements and have yet to loose interest in all the different possibilities.
76561198214613163,Recommended,251990,33059665,Posted: 30 June,all,Ainamael,"Incredibly addictive.  It's hard not to want to do the same route everytime because of your own preferences, but by picking new 'career paths' with each playthrough, you unlock so much more of the game, and the combination of skill strengths can be endless!"
76561198123702602,Recommended,251990,10772493,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lennyangel14,"I love this game so much. The first time I opened it, I ended up playing for four hours straight, just trying to get coronated. Oh, did I mention it's also really hard? Yes, it's ridiculously easy to die and super difficult to get coronated. But that's the fun! It's very cute visually, with a dark humour that appeals to me. The ads for this are very accurate; you can mold Elodie any way you choose depending on her moods, but chances are you'll be poisoned by chocolate. Trust me, that happens a lot.My one complaint is that it seems you need to have max in one skill in order to win. This may just be my playing (though I've played through more than 20 times) and that seems a tad unfair. This comes from the fact I've noticed that, once you've figured out the game, it doesn't seem to change much. I haven't found different ways to die in a while (odd complaint, I know). But aside from that, it's still really addictive and though the story may not change much, the WAY you play does and that makes it interesting. If you like sim games, cutesy things and have a dark side, this game is for you. Avoid the chocolate though ;)"
,Recommended,251990,16551833,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chubby Corgi,"This game taught me that if I ever was Queen, I would have a shorter lifespan than a goldfish... and my goldfish always died within a week."
,Recommended,251990,13917924,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,cyberene,wow i managed to singlehandedly insult nearly every noble there wasgg
76561198069719188,Recommended,251990,20170635,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kion000,"You get to play a 'kawaii' princess magical girl, who does a ♥♥♥♥ ton of anime♥♥♥♥♥♥What more can a weeaboo ask for?"
76561198018621266,Recommended,251990,18056774,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,D3ADGAM3R,"Lots of different ways to die, quite challanging and every decision will matter at some point or another."
,Recommended,251990,14255272,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gas the Gnoblins,2D Dark Souls
,Recommended,251990,9214682,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Megumin,"Long Live The Queen is a lot of fun, but it can be difficult at times. You must be careful of your choices and you will probably die quite a few times before you finally reach the coronation. The deaths are all amusing, but sometimes can be frustrating when you think you've finally got it! But that's all in the fun and keeps your thinking. A great game, I'd highly recommend it :)."
,Recommended,251990,33160967,Posted: 2 July,all,Tet,A++
,Recommended,251990,8979957,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Stratusheart,"Too... much... fun! Amazing game that will always have you coming back with a vengeance. One problem, events and skill checks aren't randomly generated. Perfect for completionists, though!"
76561198012656028,Recommended,251990,30186886,Posted: 25 February,all,Prokul,Crusader Kings in Visual Novel genre. My only complain is that it's rather short. I hoped that the game will continue after the coronation and for many years of her reign. Long live the queen!
,Recommended,251990,7707719,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Delicious Milk Tea,"Don't go in expecting Princess Maker. Let's get this out the way first. They are similar, but the differences are vast. Skills in PM would decide the life your daughter led and what path she chose when she left the nest. Skills here decide whether you can make it to the next branch or not.It's a solid game, but you're definitely going to have to keep plenty of saves handy and a notepad, digital or otherwise, nearby.And yes, you CAN finish the game without magic... but you have to never give yourself the option of magic in the first place. Or level one specific skill you probably wouldn't expect."
76561198063340412,Recommended,251990,33545560,Posted: 14 July,all,Rook,"A raising sim/visual novel with a shocking amount of depth and lore behind it. Despite its cute anime looks and protagonist, this game is by no means a cutesy walk through the park, and the road to coronation is fraught with danger for poor, young Crown Princess Elodie. It's shockingly addictive, and there's not much quite like it on Steam what with its engaging stat management of a young princess and impressively rich lore. Reminds me somewhat of the old Princess Maker games.If you enjoy political intrigue, stat management, multiple endings with choices that matter, replayability and an interesting cast of characters, I'd recommend it to you. Cheap, lots of options, easy to run and fun!"
,Recommended,251990,17434945,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,StardropCruiser,"A simple, yet very enjoyable game where you must guide young soon-to-be queen Elodie through dozens of different scenarios with death, war, and political strife around every corner.Mostly death, but that's what makes it fun!"
,Recommended,251990,8411128,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sh0wman.,"Useful info: This game does not support 1080p resolutions. I play at 1024x768, it seems, and you can't change resolution, it seems to auto detect.Now onto the actual review: This game is simple, however, it gave me the nice 'just one more turn' effect that few games do, and I ended up playing for hours on end. There are a lot of ramifications and you end up making conscious decisions the more you play. You die a lot, and you learn by your mistakes for the next turn. Took me several tries to finally become Queen.I recommend to casual players, it's very different from usual games and a nice change of pace."
,Recommended,251990,10904422,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,shadowbow7458,Death simulator
,Recommended,251990,8436305,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kitti Ket Kompeni,"One of the damn hardest games I've ever played. It's frustrating, I had to restart about 10 times just to get past the first half of the game... or at least I'm still at it. But it's interesting and fun, for sure!For everybody wondering what it's like, it's like a text adventure strategy. You are the 14-year-old crown princess of Nova whose mother, the former queen, has met an untimely end. Until your coronation on your 15th birthday, you must learn everything necessary to rule your kingdom.While doing so you have to make a LOT of choices. While nearly all skills you can learn are important and have individual impacts on your future decisions, some are more important than others depending on which ""week"" you are in. (On a sidenote, the game plays in weeks. You choose two classes, one morning and one evening class, which you'll attend all week long. To influence her learning curve, you must influence her mood with the correct weekend activities.) Each week might hold a certain event that... decides the fate of your queen. So-called ""tests"" of your skills unlock responses and reactions to such events, the right responses and reactions that is to say. However, important events have more than a single decision open for you... the tests pile up and become more difficult, which is ultimately why I failed to pass week 34.All in all, it is fair to say that the game has a rather static story line which you can brilliantly influence and that it is a image-supported text-adventure-strategy genre."
,Recommended,251990,9263980,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Seawater,"I am really glad that I gave this game a chance, even though the style (while nicely done) was not something that I was overly fond of."
,Recommended,251990,23990654,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Red Panda,"Fun game. I went Napoleon Princess, and beat it on my third play through though."
76561198079438601,Recommended,251990,17484914,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ecapox,Now i get to be a pretty pink princess and know what it is like to be royaly.Or in other words i get assassinated frequently.
,Recommended,251990,16370857,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thewarg_man,"""Your daughter's been bitten by a milk viper. They're poisonous. Get an herbalist, right away!""0/10 grammar"
,Recommended,251990,7676035,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,darkstarmatryx,This is a great Life-Sim Visual Novel focusing on staying alive not getting married.  I have played this game 3 times so far.  First with my daughter and 2 more times after.  This game was well worth the cost if you like VNs and want something that isn't just the standard fare.
,Recommended,251990,17117211,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Bappy,Shrivel in delight as you torture a young princess countless times in numerous ways to earn all the steam achievements!10/10 would torture again
76561198141449261,Recommended,251990,13497259,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RayofLight,"It's essentially Princess Maker with deaths and a bit more mature troubles.Deaths are so ridiculous that you can't help but have fun failing.I got stabbed, poisoned, impaled, etc.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,251990,10910990,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Eternull,This game is surprisingly funner than I had expected. It has some great story element and feels like a true RPG and I got it on sale! :D Never thought being a Queen is so much fun lol.
76561198038940189,Recommended,251990,9665999,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Dromu,"If you ever wanted to play a good Game of Thrones game, there aint one out thereBut the amount of betrayel and how easy it is to get killed in this game sure as hell reminds me of Game of Thrones"
,Recommended,251990,7658625,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Runt,"Fun and hard. Very different from anything else I've played. Well worth the price, moreso if you see this on sale. Really needs an expanded sequel."
76561198067927903,Recommended,251990,15218285,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kayed,This game is surprisingly good. Quickly became one of favourite games ever. Everything you do and study has an effect and be careful because you might just die because of something that seems completely innocent. Really fun with a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,251990,10874604,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Spooky Bones,"well... crap.I remember a very old game for the late DOS era called Princess Maker. I saw this and knew it was an obvious reimagining of the same idea. I never really played visual novels before, but after two hours into this experience I was enthralled. So simple, so stupid, there's no reason I should have enjoyed it as much as I did. Limited ability to fill your wide assortment skill sheets adds for some incredibly demanding replay value as you'll wanna keep seeing what happens differently. If you're a fan of anime drama and comedy like I am, you'll probably love this. If this isn't your flavor, by no means will it change your mind, but it's a ton of fun and a great way to relax. Heavy action games are great, playing online with friends is great, but here it's all about interesting decision making. It's silly and cute to fault and some of the writing is just plain duimb, but that's the charm of it. it's a surprisingly entertaining experience and an easy recommendation for people who like anime comdies and or old PC adventure games....long live this game"
,Recommended,251990,10876839,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SandMan [TC],Started out as a pretty princess and ended up as a magical Hitler Queen.10/10
,Recommended,251990,9238475,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,corbie7,You play as a 14 year old girl who has drastic mood swings every other week.
,Recommended,251990,11319658,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Wuestenrot,"At first sight it looks like a easy game about a cute little princess.Your task is to stay alive for 40 weeks, every week you can choose 2 out of 42 Skills to learn.Sounds easy right?You will soon realise that this game is anything but easy!Almost every week your skills are put to a test and failure may result in death, actually it does almost always put you on a path with a dead Elodie waiting at the end.So you need to choose your skills wisely, as if this wouldn't be hard enough already the value in which your skills increase is affected by your mood. I guess you can imagine how hard it is too keep an 14 year old princess in the mood you need.For every skill set there is an outfit to unlock that boosts these stats, they are all pretty cute and detailed.If you are looking for  a challenge you won't find anywhere else this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,251990,14860281,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,torchvixen,"Surprisingly challenging game, it's a ton of fun to try to strategies and even more entertainment finding new and creative ways to die. Great to play if you don't have a lot of time and runs great on my new windows laptop and my 7 year old macbook. I've taken great pleasure getting many friends into the game."
,Recommended,251990,17724450,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ⓔⓢⓢⓘⓔ,A good game showing you how many ways a 14 year old girl can die.14/10
,Recommended,251990,10870975,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"Having spent a good amount of time playing this game I can say I enjoyed it greatly.Magical girl outfit, catsuit, and many other outfits can be unlocked to increase a stat at a much quicker rate. This game is about strategy and planning. Oh, and there are a lot of ways to get killed from eating poisoned chocolate to having the whole country rebel against you for doing a terrible job of being a princess.Getting to the end and surviving long enough to be a queen is a long and difficult path with many different ways for the game to end.Very fun, difficult, and funny at times game."
,Recommended,251990,9229861,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Pickler,the life of a pretty princess is not an easy one
,Recommended,251990,9188602,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,WIZARD MAN,"I bought this game because I saw a pretty princess, I got a spreadsheet instead 10/10"
76561197970342494,Recommended,251990,13168856,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,warko,"Very fun game, but kinda short, it took me 2-3 hours the first run, with some loading when something went wrong.But after finishing it, i played a new game. And the next morning after waking up, another one.I enjoyed it, and totally worth the price."
,Recommended,251990,11009331,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,KyroThePurple,"This is such a great game, however you will probably have to save after every choice that you make, and a lot of the lessons you can learn are pointless. But overall still a great game of this catagory and I would highly reccommend it"
76561198061580267,Recommended,251990,12579434,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Almighty VenVen,"There is  variety of ways you can train her and, therefore, change the events that happen and keep her alive (...or not). Like most games like this one, you can expect to die...a lot. It's a strategy alright, so you need to use trial-and-error, but it's very worth it. There wasn't a moment I wasn't entertained in this game. You have total control with the right knowledge; it certainly provides a challenge, even to experienced players."
,Recommended,251990,12240329,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Valorian Endymion,"Long Live the Queen is amazing game, lots of very good written story and dialogue, charming characters and very trick choices to be made, so be ready to die a lot in this game."
,Recommended,251990,12285963,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,barehugs,"Six hours of gameplay on record and just once, for one glorious minute, did I manage to bask in the glory of being Queen.Long Live The Queen is a supremely addicting simulation game where all you want to do is, well, live and eventually become Queen. Sounds simple but when you have literally everytihng and everyone coming after your head (and throne), you realize that something as simple as skipping a weeks worth of music class means you're probably going to forget your nations anthem from 200 years ago and end up being assasinated by the Ninja Historians for Musical Integrity faction in a few weeks. Don't worry - you can save often and restart from the week when you ditched that class and correct your error. But now that you're taking music class and foregoing agility lessons means that you're totally ♥♥♥♥ed when that crazy knight comes charging at you with a knife in the Great Hall and manages to completely decapitate you.This game is a beautifully executed (pun intended) manifestation of futility personified. I say that in the most positive, BUY-THIS-GAME way possible. 5/5."
,Recommended,251990,12456253,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"Alright in this game it is a wonderful play of what you want, what you do, and what actions. How it should be. A lot of ways to die and ♥♥♥♥ up royally. Many ends different pieces that some of you see at the end. For instance in example dragon age origins and side quests when they tell you oh you let him go, he ran and stole more goods, or she lived and had a kid. Okay in this one it's like that for the ends. There are many ways to go about this. A nice plot and to be honest, I kinda hated this game in a sense. Not because of playing as a princess but just the ♥♥♥♥ing idea of you having to choose one over the other. Let's be honest, there's a guide, there are cheats. However I don't recommend them if you want the best out of it. For instance, there is a lot of interest I take upon how one would feel about such decisions. One of them especially on achievements which was beheading. I admit some deserved it and I do mean that. However this game has reached an 8-9 out of my book. There are costumes and more, just wish she could change her hair color or style, would help. Also the fact that it's the type where you build up your skills that will tell whether or not the condition is met for a certain time limit on a scene. For example, you need to jump a wall, you need a certain amount of a certain skill or study  to do it. That's pretty much how you get more in. Multiple runthroughs recommended."
,Recommended,251990,12191499,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,miramu,"For this game, I would like to start off with a few things.Of course, those of you who do not like VN's or roleplay games, will not enjoy this game. Those of you who do, on the other hand, will find this to be one of the more entertaining VN's you could lay eyes on. For most people, the fact that you can decide your fate based on skillfully selecting classes on which your survival rests, is a thrilling ability.Most players of VN platforms are used to a mono-dimensional structure in which the game has preset goals or things that are always going to happen. Now I am not saying that these kind of things cannot occur in Long Live The Queen, yet it is almost impossible to play through a certain amount of events in one runthrough. The game is complex in the sense that you will have to keep playing it multiple times in which to finish everything.Some of the other VN's that have touched the surface on steam also deserve notification, but I, at heart, feel like Long Live The Queen deserves first place.Now onto the main point:GameplayThe gameplay is exceptionally commendable in the sense that you get drawn into being Elodie. Of course, when saying gameplay, I mean the strategy in which you have to decide on what certain events are going to take place. Some examples of this, would be to overall decide the endings of the said game. In one playthrough, you will have to have a powerful singing voice in which to woo the King Consort, Togami. If you had not built up such ability, and tried to face him this way, you would have died. There are also many other facts in which could prevent this from happening, but playing through multiple times and save scumming are things that are going to happen with almost every player of this VN. Sometimes you will forget to save and die before the coronation, in which you will have to restart.This frustrating occurrence, though, is what makes the game evermore challenging, in which playing it becomes even more fun than before.Character DesignsThe character designs and animation (Of course just meaning the artwork) are also something to be noted. The backdrops for certain scenes and events changes based on what kind of event is taking place at the time. There are many different types of event that will take place during the course, but you will remember some by the illustrious music and the change in scenery.The characters are also something to be seen in a aristocratic society drawn up by the Japanese. Every single girl and boy has a colorful sort of passion about them, and the emotions portrayed through the text seems somewhat real. The way the characters are drawn is in the traditional manga-type style, but it is enjoyable in the sense that they are characters that are very easy to connect with after a playthrough or two.Finally, the music.There are few games with such beautiful piano skits and numbers within them, that it is a rarity when one comes across one. The matching of the certain tones of music with the drama in certain scenes makes this even more believable. You will come to be humming the tunes of certain scenes, no matter where you are during the day, if you play this game a couple of times.That is all! Thank you for reading!"
76561197973011158,Recommended,251990,7645678,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Chiasm,"Don't let the cutesy graphics fool you, this game is deadly. You WILL die (several times) before making it to your coronation.If you're into this kind of sim-RPG this is a great game. Think something like princess maker mixed with a good amount of Game of Thrones-esque intrigue and drama.The story starts out the same, but brances off drastically depending on your skills and choices. Make your princess a dainty creature of the court, or a bloodthirsty warmonger. The choice is yours - just don't eat the chocolates..."
,Recommended,251990,8496102,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Crow Boi,"So you wanna be the Queen, ey? First you have to defeat the almighty poisoned chocolates, magic bolt your adversaries and execute any and all that oppose your rule. If you don't you'll be shot, stabbed, drowned, choked, trampled over or have your own magic blow up in your face.Sounds like fun? WELL IT IS. GET THIS GAMEAnd here's the kicker:You. can. dress. her up!!"
,Recommended,251990,8491059,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Carol,10/10 mandatory moneyspending
76561198021158553,Recommended,251990,8505626,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Brogie,Game of the year 2012/2013/2014
76561197996936476,Recommended,251990,8147781,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,BEATRICE,"Long Live The Queen could be assosiated with a visual novel, but wouldn't quite fit the bill. The problem is that the events differs little when you chose diffrent skills for the princess, so getting diffrent endings can be quite tedious. Still alot of fun though ;)"
76561198034697654,Recommended,251990,7891971,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,powerprotoman,a suprising amount of fun...odd
,Recommended,251990,8499203,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,『Narco』,10/10 I'm a pretty princess.
76561198119429594,Recommended,251990,13111644,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GummiGamer,This game is a underrated gem heres my reviewart:the art is a colourful anime style. i like it and nver goes over the line into fanservice. if you dont like anime dont worry if you can gte past the graphics the game is a thing you will enjoystory:You are queen elodie princess of the kingdom. But mother just died meaning you have 32 weeks [guessing of my head here] to prepare yourself to be the best queen you can be. there are plot twists and the story is inticing. the gamplay allows for heaps of replyaablility because you can get conversations you missed and even completly diffrent outcomes.Gameplay:main part of the review. so the game plays like a...... hmm hard to explain give me a second.Got it its like a study crrer book where you choose what to study for the week and you increase in that stat. examples are if you study fencing and achery your fencing and achery skill will go up.the game does checks on how well you do and checks you or fails you depending on weather or not that skill is high enough.example: a sword fight you need a mix of felibily to doge an attack if you have 78 skill in flexablility you will dodge the swipe but if you dont you get hit.it allows for stressful situaltions abd puts you in eledoies shoes.there is also the moods and costumes.costumes allow for you to increase a certain stat very usefull for strategic planning.and moods effect how much you increase or decrese in the rising of a statexamples: if you are sad dog will in crease double but magic ill decrease by max.this gameplay is a unique style and i hope for it to be used in the future.Music:mediocre not many memerable tracks but good for the moment.Rating:8/ 10an underated gem that hopefull will extend into its own genremusic 6/10 good for the momentart7/10 great art but its anime style may throw some offgameplay 9/ 10 nearly perfected but a few flawsstory 8/ 10 one of the great things about this game but can get old when trying to replay over and overreplayability 10/ 10 this game will have you for hours at a time and keep you hookedP:S This game is hard like dark soulds hard  get used to dying and exeriment with new loadouts and themes its part of the fun when you finally get there
,Recommended,251990,12113828,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Canaan,"I bought this during the winter sale, and all I can say is that while it looks cute, its actually pretty bad. And not bad gameplay wise, I mean bad like no matter what it seems like you do nothing but die. Seriously, this is the Dark Souls of VNs. I enjoyed it, personally, but I still can't go one time playing it without dying... Horribly... By tentacle monsters..."
76561198063244250,Recommended,251990,13270815,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,:WG: ScaryKillerN,I played this game for 7 hours before beating it my first time ...Died to chocolates x1Died to bandits x1Died to assassin x1Drowned x1Died to war x1... overall AMAZING :D10/10 would eat chocolate again
,Recommended,251990,10873966,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Keasbey Days,"The greatest Choose Your Own Adventure, guiding your kawaii princess waifu through growing up, riding horses, ballroom dancing and attending cour-OH GOD, she just got poisoned/stabbed/blown up by a spell again.This game will make you never trust chocolate."
,Recommended,251990,8146119,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Darkness (Exhausted),Play it bro. Play it or I'll find you. I'LL FIND YOU.
,Recommended,251990,9120343,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,C A L Z O N E,10/10 ruined my life
,Recommended,251990,9127974,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,kitty feet,"child killing simulator 2k13. literally everything you do is wrong and you're going to die, just like real life."
,Recommended,251990,9137406,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BitJit (You),This is it. The game I've dreamt about. The game to end all games.I can finally be a little girl princess. 83/92 stars
76561198124824679,Recommended,251990,13736453,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Birb,I CAN STOP WARSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS............mabey not chocolate BUT WARSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSi like this game and you should to trust me this is the best anime noval i have played in a long time this is worth your money.
,Recommended,251990,9146527,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"I AM A 14-YEAR-OLD GIRL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! MAKE ME A SANDWHICH ♥♥♥♥♥, I AM THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING PRINCESS! WAIT, IS THAT AN ARROW GOING TOWARDS MY LUNG?♥♥♥♥♥♥..RATING: 10/10 - I'M SURE THESE CHOCOLATES FROM SOME RANDOM GUY WILL TASTE WONDERFUL"
,Recommended,251990,16801039,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Actual Skeleton,This game is beautiful and I have never ever lived to the end.10/10.
,Recommended,251990,10994520,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BOO!!,BECAME WORLD RENOWN MILITARY STRATEGISTBECAME EXPERT FALCONIERKILLED BY CHOCOLATE10/10 WOULD DIE AGAIN
,Recommended,251990,13367625,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Savinkov,super anime princess ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t senpai simulator 2013 rundownprincess vs chocolate - princes loseprincess vs water - princess loseprincess vs window - princess loseprincess vs unarmed woman in a pisoner cell - princess loseprincess vs forest - princess losehow do win
,Recommended,251990,28305750,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ice Queen,Great political simulator and PSA against Chocolates!
,Recommended,251990,9166069,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,BorschtBoy89,"Super into this game. I'm only slightly into visual novels, but the setting and actual game mechanics of teaching yourself things makes this very fun.Plus, if you like Crusader Kings, consider this Crusader Queen. Or Accounting Queen. Or Magical Princess... all depends on how you educate her. And she'll die a ton of times."
76561198064726561,Recommended,251990,24151096,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,garbage queen,remember to save or you'll end up like me having to start over every time you ♥♥♥♥ up and get stabbedand for the love of goddont eat the chocolate
,Recommended,251990,23826162,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SleepDeprivedFemale,I keep dying but I also always want to come back and try again. Is this the Dark Souls experience?
,Recommended,251990,10874657,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Snrub,"This is a game for serious nippon enthusiasts ONLY. Baka Gaijin need not apply.In the real world, I could never be a princess. Long Live The Queen lets me live out that fantasy from the comfort of my Sakura-chan body pillow."
,Recommended,251990,10794370,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RotaryRX7,I can't stop eating the chocolate 10/10
,Recommended,251990,10864651,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Luvoir,Long live the queen
,Recommended,251990,33890640,Posted: 29 July,all,isuzusan,"Long Live The Queen is a surprisingly short game for how complex it originally looks like. After a few trial runs, it only takes about 2-3 hours to actually finish the game and get Elodie crowned. Most of my time on the game was getting the achievements, simply because getting those created a lot more views and outlooks on the main story to getting Elodie to her coronation successfully. You miss a lot of the story if you just play the game to the end and then you're done.However, I'm only just recommending Long Live The Queen positively because getting a lot of the achievements (especially the death ones) get very mindless. You would have a great time with the game if you do only play it to her coronation, but of course, you'll have very little hours for the price of the game - which isn't worth it. So be wary on that if you're thinking of getting the game."
,Recommended,251990,8158166,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Laevos,I'm a pwincess.
,Recommended,251990,8439929,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Y2Kryptid,"God save our gracious QueenLong live our noble QueenGod save the QueenSend her victoriousHappy and gloriousLong to reign over usGod save the QueenO Lord our God ariseScatter her enemiesAnd make them fallConfound their politicsFrustrate their knavish tricksOn Thee our hopes we fixGod save us allThy choicest gifts in storeOn her be pleased to pourLong may she reignMay she defend our lawsAnd ever give us causeTo sing with heart and voiceGod save the QueenNot in this land aloneBut be God's mercies knownFrom shore to shoreLord make the nations seeThat men should brothers beAnd form one familyThe wide world overFrom every latent foeFrom the assassins blowGod save the QueenO'er her thine arm extendFor Britain's sake defendOur mother, prince, and friendGod save the Queen"
,Recommended,251990,29286484,Posted: 15 January,all,Meganwalske,"I really love this game, but it is so hard to get through anything without dying! I've resorted to looking up achievement guides and walkthroughs. I wish there was a difficulty setting, but overall love the story and graphics of the game."
,Recommended,251990,8426573,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ksempac,"Not the greatest game ever, but still a pleasant surprise.Don't be fooled by the pink interface, cheerful character and visual novel style. This is first and foremost a strategy game where you have to decide where you should allocate your few training points to avoid all the dangers waiting for you. There is nothing random in the game, everything is determined by your skill points and the skill tests against them.Unless you're a completionist that want to unlock all the achievements/endings, it should take your about 3 or 4H to finish the game. Completing everything would require either extensive note takings, or checking a wiki (don't do that before finishing the game once by yourself !), as there are a lot of stuff that is not at all obvious and require planning far in advance."
,Recommended,251990,10817580,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Onvityra,Awesum game!I am Level 100 Falcon Trainer! (\*Be one with the Falcon*/)17/10
,Recommended,251990,8217698,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nat,"Takes some time to get into at first, but once you get into the swing of things it's a pleasure to seek out different paths. If you're willing to be a bit patient with a slow start, this is definitely worth a try."
76561198016359257,Recommended,251990,8368938,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kyuseishu,"I really enjoyrd playing this game, I hope others and this studio continues to make games this fun."
76561197999798708,Recommended,251990,8400557,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Chili,"It looks pink, fluffy and easy but if you give it a try you will soon see that keeping your princess alive by teaching her the right skills at the right time is very demanding and tricky. Fortunately seeing all the various ways in which she can perish is half the fun because she will die. A lot."
76561198031602014,Recommended,251990,8407632,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hexrowe,"In this simple life simulator you live out one year in the life of a teen princess who must grow up quickly to fill her mother's suddenly and sadly empty throne. There's a lot she'll have to learn, from accounting through decoration to military strategy, in order to even survive the year... and it's all up to you! Romance, intrigue, death and candy, all wrapped up in a pretty pink package! Recommended for everyone from manly men to little girls.Every week you must choose what to study and how to spend your free time, and deal with whatever events and people fate throws in your face. Make no mistake: you will fail. A lot. You will die. A LOT. But you can always begin anew - or just load a saved game - making different choices and seeing how things work out THIS time. It's fairly addictive, really.(If you ever played an old DOS game called Princess Maker, you'll know pretty well what to expect.)"
,Recommended,251990,8541287,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rynn Helde'D,"I first hesitated a bit before buying this game and really, I have no regret. If you are fond of visual novels, I would recommend that game to you !First of all, there are these splendid artworks and musics (I sometime paused the game to simply look or listen to them). They create the perfect atmosphere to lose yourself in the story. With every action you make, with every skills you improve, you learn a bit more about the history of the country, the links between the characters or some other facts.There is then that cool strategy aspect as you have to choose between many skills to study, skills that may change the outcome of many events, help your Princess to analyze a situation... or simply to survive (You ate a poisonous mushroom ? Too bad you never learn about poisons and how to cure them). And to survive is going to be your priority because you will get overly attached to your Princess and furiously ask for revenge each time she dies (and she dies, many times !).Many pretty outfits to wear, lots of difficult decisions to make and also many endings to discover... Good or bad ones !If you like to explore all paths in a game and replay it again and again and again to try different strategies and unlock everything, you will love ""Long Live The Queen"" !"
,Recommended,251990,8268839,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,λΔ,This is just one of those games where for some reason you can't convince yourself to stop.
76561198052267521,Recommended,251990,8292826,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Avenger,"In Long Live The Queen you play as Princes Elodie, the incoming Queen. It is up to you to ensure that the Princess lives to be crowned Queen.The game works on a weekly cycle. At the start of every week you will be required to choose two classes in which Elodie will participate. These classes will determine which skills are increased. It is important to note the Elodie's mood, as her mood will determine the bonus or penalty to learning skills. For example, if Elodie is depressed, she will not be very fond of attending a class on court manners, hence, that skill will receive a penalty, and spending time on it will not result in any meaningful increases.On the weekend, you are given the choice of a weekend activity, which will determine changes to Elodie's mood.Interspersed are events that require Elodie's skills to be of a certain level in order to be successful, and if not, a negative outcome results. These events give life to the story, and illuminate the intrigue of Nova and its people: noble, commoners, and criminals alike.The gameplay can be rather formulaic, however, the beauty and tactical reasoning arises when determining the combinations of skills that will keep you alive, and keep your realm and people safe.The magic of the game is found in honing one's skills of forecasting and strategy. Seems like tensions in the realm are rising? Do I prepare for war or hope for the best? These are some of the questions that may need answers as you play, knowing that the wrong decision could very well prove fatal.It is a perfect Groundhog Day scenario to experiment with choices and their ramifications.Visually, it has an anime-esque appeal, but one wishes for a greater variety of scenes and backgrounds. The outfits, which are unlocked by increasing skills in the same branch, are very well designed and emphasise Elodie's demeanour and personality.I highly recommend Long Live The Queen for players interested in a strategy game with flair."
,Recommended,251990,8294155,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,sheyinkage,"Totally in love with this game.  There were times when I was really frustrated with some of the results of my choices, but I was rather surprised at the complexity of options (small decisions / actions having an effect later on).  Seems like there's a decent amount of replayability, and I look forward to discovering the other endings (if I survive...)."
,Recommended,251990,8320375,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Juodaan Viinaa,The only game where I became an achievement hunter.
,Recommended,251990,8411282,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sensual Lettuce,very hard...
,Recommended,251990,8446755,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MawileWongHauPepeluTivruskyIV,"If you play one royalty simulation and strategy game this year, make it Long Live the Queen!"
,Recommended,251990,8531696,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,tsundeity,"It's a hard world out there. It's even harder when your mother has an untimely death and you are thrust into the throne at only 14.LLTQ is another one of those RenPy, visual-novelesque story-based games - a genre that I very much enjoy after playing pretty much all of Christine Love's games (don't take it personally, Analogue, Digital, Hate Plus).As you would expect from a visual-novel type game, there are multiple endings: some of which I haven't reached yet, but the ones I have were very entertaining and kept me hooked for a good while.There's quite a lot of depth in this game in the wide variety of choices you can make, from the normal event choices you usually come across in a VN to making the choice of which skill you are going to improve. The game constantly punishes and rewards you for these choices: not only may the wrong choice affect your in-game mood, but your reputation across the kingdom as well. Elodie can die in 9 ways (I think), and each playthrough will reward you with pretty much a different one every time. In terms of variety - as long as you alter your playstyle - this game has much to offer.For the price it was on the Winter Sale, it was an absolute steal; but now it's over, I would wait to see the price drop in the next big sale before grabbing it. If you're on the fence about buying the game, go play Don't Take It Personally Babe, It Just Ain't Your Story (it's free to download atscoutshonour.com)to see whether that style of game is something you'd like. You never know, it might just be."
,Recommended,251990,8537018,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BarcaLecter,"Hilarious game, but quite hard to beat, me and my friend are going to try making a walkthrough by writing down every test etc. which will probably take some time.Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a game to play once in a while for some fun."
,Recommended,251990,8396173,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Palleon,"I enjoyed the game, you plan out your training each week, boosting different stats. Each week, events occur, and the story branches based on if you make specific skill checks for that week. You'll likely die horribly many, many times before reaching the end, but that's part of the fun.It's the Dark Souls of Anime Princess Games."
,Recommended,251990,8437593,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SparkleRach,Addicting game of leveling up your skills to avoid death in many many ways.It looks like a weird anime game about a child queen but its not she is charming and so are the story lines.Challenging and re-playable because you will have to many times I cant imagine you not dying on your first play.
76561198006251462,Recommended,251990,8428717,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Broccoli,"Great  game, though abit linear."
,Recommended,251990,8492253,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hotel Bones,"Raise your cute, pink-haired duchess to become the ruler of all people!Long Live the Queen is a fun game that revolves around raising Elodie, the next in line to rule the nation. There are three things that you have to focus on, mood, knowledge and future situations.At first you will think that you want to keep Elodie happy, because why wouldn't you want her to be happy? But what you oare really looking for is the exact mood that is going to boost the knowledge that she gains in classes. And that knowledge will help  you in future situations.The game is about planning what could happen in the future and raising your stats accordingly to avoid death. It's a lot of fun and you can get through a run in about an hour."
76561198093378050,Recommended,251990,8374424,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,gnatasha,"This game is hilarious. 10/10, would die again."
76561198040076156,Recommended,251990,8515100,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Yukiow,Muito Bom!
,Recommended,251990,8415810,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Luigi87,"Long Live the Queen is a game that represents the nature of trial and error. Similar to the classic Princess Maker games that came out of Japan over a decade ago, I find that there is far more depth to this title. There are no random events in this game, as everything is scripted and outcomes are based on the decisions you make as you journey through the story. This does not mean the game is linear and lacks replayability by any means however, as there is a rather significant number of skills you can select to raise.The flow of the game breaks down into three parts:- At the start of the week, you select two classes for Elodie to take which will affect which skills increase. Skill increases have a bonus or penality modifier attached to them depending on Elodie's mood.- At end of the week you decide what Elodie should do for the weekend. This is what affects her mood, and will therefore change the modifiers for skill increases the following week.- After you decide what will affect Elodie's mood, a scripted event will take place. You are also often given choices to take which adds further variety. These events are where checks are done on Elodie's skill levels, which will determine how events in the story may progress, or potentially how you may be led into an ending.This event-check system allows for a variety of replayability as one learns the cause and effect of the actions you have made in both developing Elodie, as well as the decisions you make within the kingdom. For some this may be seen as a negative. Without replaying the game several times you will not know the most effective route to take in developing Elodie, and you are likely to fail many times on the way toward her coronation.The flaw with the skill system exists in that there are too many skills with too few reward. Unfortunately certain skills seem to exist simply to confuse the player and draw attention away from developing far more important ones. Some of the skills may only feature one or two checks within the entire game, while other skills are constantly relied upon, and thus deserve the player's attention more.The visuals of the game are very simple, but incredibly clean. The artwork is well done and everything is discernable. The UI is simple and works, though unfortunately I personally dislike the use of the right-click. While convenient for bringing up the save/load menu quickly enough, I would have preferred it to act as a back button, however that is personal taste and not a strike against the game itself.The music is simple midi, but relaxing to listen to. Designed to have a regal sense to it, I find it is appropriate.The endings are where the game shines. There are many endings, most of them being bad ends. The severity of the deaths Elodie may happen upon would shock anyone who is not already familiar with this title, from being poisoned, to run through with a sword, to being taken out by magic. There are a variety of deaths awaiting Elodie if the player fails to consider the future and does not prepare the future queen for what is to come.Long Live the Queen is a fun title that I do recommend playing through, however it is not without its flaws, specifically in regard to what I mentioned about skills above. I only recommend making the purchase at a more reasonable price point."
76561198078515514,Recommended,251990,8122502,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mist,"Love the game. You have to play it a few times to set up a strategy but you don't get frustrated if you fail: It's almost funnier to see how many ways you can die or fail. See what happens if you marry a girl, declaring war or becoming an expert of magic. Every choice you made will affect the ending: When you are the Queen.It's a visual novel so if you like dialogues and also stratey I recommend the game. You don't have to be good at strategy to enjoy the game though."
76561198019100107,Recommended,251990,8357988,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ket♥sueki,"You are looking at one of the best Visual Novels you will ever lay your eyes upon. Gander upon this beautiful game as you... well.. most likely die in every single way possible before beating it! Enjoy the game, as once you're done with it you'll never be surprised by impending doom again.Also, Don't eat the chocolates. You've been warned."
,Recommended,251990,8421106,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CarlCX,I had my soul sucked out through someone's palm while wearing a tutu.things that actually happened: episode one
,Recommended,251990,8532507,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,gosuWolfman,Game is pretty fun and a good time killer
76561198074104154,Recommended,251990,8776049,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,iLyrica-sama,"I had my skeptical opinions about this game at first, because while I love strategy games, it didn't seem like something I would play. After hearing good things about it from a few friends who played, I decided to bite the bullet and test it out for myself, and I'm glad I did! The game is very humorous and engaging, and in a sense, it leaves you on edge, because you never know which lack of skill or slight of tongue will be your demise. I absolutely love it, and would recommend it to anyone who would enjoy a strategy game with a bit of a comical background."
76561198009059590,Recommended,251990,8263826,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rarity's Nightmare,I Enjoyed it
76561198041365733,Recommended,251990,7662990,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Masamaki,MANLIEST GAME EVER. ♥
,Recommended,251990,8406367,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cyka McBlyat,my true realizatiuon of wanting to be the little girl has come manifest in all its glory.  long live the queen
,Recommended,251990,8438418,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Foodbait,"GRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHUUUUEEEEEEE, (Rougly the sound you will make if you die for the gazillioned time). Yet it's cutsy and fun look makes you want to finish it!(And I'm pretty sure it will never let me!) But accept it's challenge and I guarantee you a couple of hours of raging,mantear, table smashing, satanic swearing and generally being broken  fun."
,Recommended,251990,10590830,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mantis Toboggan,Like Crusader Kings 2 without all the incest.
,Recommended,251990,11748909,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Froxen,Donut
76561198015427506,Recommended,251990,12226033,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Love1sWar,Wielding destructive magic that leaves my foes cowering or burned to a crisp.Ruled with an iron fist.Scourge of the high seas.Strategic genius that rivals Alexander and Napolean.died from poisoned chocolate.10/10 would play again
,Recommended,251990,7850339,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Nicook,:3
,Not Recommended,251990,28254300,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Gladeus-Ex-Machina,"Don't get me wrong, the premise and appeal of this game is excellent. It attempts to balance the many facets of an upcoming fantasy queen's ascension, filled with schemes and character progression.But - the game really only makes foresight and save scumming viable. It's inconcievable to beat this game on your first playthrough, let alone an ideal or perfect ending on several tries. It's a steep learning curve, and a lesson in frustration.8/10, would get Depressed again."
,Recommended,251990,10869520,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sifuraz,Got killed by chocolate.11/10
,Recommended,251990,10641378,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Eab1990,Elodie is moe.
76561198023712985,Recommended,251990,34338830,Posted: 18 August,all,Jhduelmaster,Your falcon is a badass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,251990,10924736,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,New Age Republic,"You can get your subject to steal a gem for you and kill some guards, yet you can still go and talk to the guards to give you the gem you already have. I love this games logic!"
,Recommended,251990,22861791,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SchwarzHaze,"- Read tutorial- Choose the available option wisely- Raise each of my skill- Death by archer- Try a new strategy- Time goes by, death by archer again""It's hard being a queen 10/10"" - IGN"
,Recommended,251990,12424673,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,「Medicine」,illuminati confirmed
,Not Recommended,251990,29054727,Posted: 6 January,all,Kplate,"I had high hopes when this came out and its not that its bad pre se, its just far from anything I want. You basically pick skills out of the dark until till you die thus learning something you need and then, repeat till you find the winning path.I wanted a raising sim and this is not one."
,Recommended,251990,8557688,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Drewsko,As long as you can resist the will to cheat you can easily get 40 hours of game play and feel pretty damn special to boot. Tho the game is so awesome it will force you to cheat a little bit!
,Recommended,251990,8263739,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,PpJt,"Surprisingly hard, ruthless and fun. Also RULE BRITANNIA ETC."
,Recommended,251990,8182956,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Chandler,"A fun game. Be prepared to lose repeatedly because ""oh no, you didn't put 100 points in magic, and ALSO naval strategy!"". Still really fun to click through despite being anime and dumb."
,Recommended,251990,8468304,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,XOXOCLVBS,"Cute, fun & brutally hard. Get ready to die!"
,Recommended,251990,8035540,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,N-Sign,"Have you ever wanted to be a Magical Princess in a fantasy world? ♥♥♥♥♥♥yeah you have, and this is the perfect game to fulfill your amazingly feminine desires.  You can DRESS YOUR PRINCESS!  You can PLAN HER ACTIVITIES.  You can even AWAKEN A NEFARIOUS BEAST AND SACRIFICE YOUR BEST FRIEND TO STOP ITS RAMPAGE.There's also some things about dying a lot and stats but they are pretty minor because you are a ♥♥♥♥ing MAGICAL GIRL PRINCESS!GET THIS GAME AND BE THE PRINCESS YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO BE!"
,Recommended,251990,8403532,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,chud puds,"wow~! desu this game is great i love video games and i love anime what could go wrong. i also love england i wish i was british blimey trumpets oh lads i wish i was british. you know the sun never sets on the british empire u can lay on the beach and have fun in the sun all day (forever) forever because the sun doesnt set in england which is weird but i guess its because its really high up in the longitudes or the langitudes i didnt pay attention to this lesson in elementary school. just imagine being british. that would be so cool you have the monarchy to look up to and u also have the ""chavs"" (?) the humble lower class that knows how to have fun in pubs and drink whiskey and mug snobby rich people. also they have a really big anime subculture in scotland  and they wear skirts because their massive dongs dont fit into ""trowsers"" (pants) trowsers pants also u can fart and the fart wont be filtered through your denim jeans or your underwear they dont wear underwear under the skirts nobody does"
,Recommended,251990,8426528,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DrBadnick,This game will not take your manliness away. Don't worry about this.
,Recommended,251990,8734573,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,TopHatRaptor,Harder than FTL.Watch out for chocolates and cats.22/17
76561198106955838,Not Recommended,251990,11143867,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tahlybear,"its pretty, but terrible."
,Recommended,251990,9219160,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Trilliant Revengeance,"Don't watch any LPs of it, most of them are god awful face cam LPs that are really just man-children making fun of something they don't understand or take time to understand for ""lulz"".Long Live The Queen is appears to be a visual novel with a political skin, but it's much more of a political game that's skinned like a Visual Novel.  You take control of Elodie, a 14 year old princess of Nova, tasked with becoming queen after her mother died or unusual circumstances. However Nova is not a very safe nation, their are many dangers around the corner and something as innocent as chocolate can and will be the death of you.The game is very difficult as many has stated before, and if you save to much you'll not have enough time to train in stats you need for certain events, so that adds an extra layer of challenge, which is why only completing a single run though and several failed ones is an achievement for me. One of the things that make's the game very interesting is all the skills you can practice, you're never going to be able to complete every skill, and the game will check every skill several times and will have ""big"" moments where the skills will be very handy, which adds great replay-ability.However of the games short comings is the repetitiveness, the intro is always the same and the events are always the same, just with new solutions but it can be very boring at times. The art isn't particularly amazing either, most if it looks like it was made in a generator of sorts and doesn't look natural, and almost none of the faces give off any emotion and sometimes the dialogue barely does either..I can't tell if Josyln is suppose to happy, dead or just emotionally dead half the time.As a whole, the game is a good ""Visual Novel Strategy Game"" that kept me hooked and made me come back every time the DAMN BANDITS KILLED ME."
,Recommended,251990,10046208,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"A fun little game, but I didn't really have much motivation to play through more than once, and honestly, it's just a cheaper version of the princess maker games, I don't even know how what number they're on, it's like romance of the three kingdoms or sakura wars were this huge series never really makes it over to the west aside from like 2 games."
,Recommended,251990,13903004,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Riko,"I didn't know what I was getting into with this one. After reading reviews, testimonials, everything about the game it describes how you will die by chocolate. I did not die by chocolate on my first five tries even once... I did have a number of other grisly fates however.Those fates are primarily the crux of the game, the idea that there are plenty of ways to get killed as a monarch, and you must survive them all for your dynasty to continue. From looking at reviews, and achievements, there appears to be innumerable ways the story can permeate, which leads to a lot of replayability. Even in my few hours I was able to notice major differences in the story... as well as consistencies. As nice as a diverging main plot is, it doesnt seem very diverging. All five tries had the same main plot driving the game forward, same series of major events. Maybe it was just my choice of side events, but I didnt see anything personally which led me to believe these were my choices. Even when i tried to diverge, i ended up with the same main plot. Maybe once i sink my hours in I will see more content.The content I did see was very well done. Nice pictures, backgrounds, emotes, and music all add to the experiance greatly, giving an emotional depth to it. Of course, its not a tightly story driven ""visual novel"" (which is a term I personally reserve for romantic or eroge styles of the genre, LLtQ is a game pure and simple, not an interactive novel), but it still is able to make you see the lore and story of the universe, showing the intense effort put into crafting this world. Everything about the game resounds quality, and in such a small and concise package. Simple, elegant, yet deep and complex, and resounding with feeling from every ounce.This intense feeling gave me chills even. The idea of playing a ""king simulator"" or in this case ""queen simulator"" is a very intriguing game type that highly interests me. The idea of being so vulnerable, but having that power still is something that I really want to like and play with, but I always hate being assassinated. But with this game at least assassions means you start all over and can make better choices, unlike some other king games where you just might end up in a worse mess than before *looks at crusader kings 2*. Either way, the tense edge-of-your-seat feeling the game gave me, as well as the feeling of power when I -spoiler warning- disintegrated a thousand peasents in a second with a fireball, was really satisfying.The game has no major issues from what ive seen, other than maybe no ""randomised"" plot but thats just a personal want from me. So I would recommend the game if you like king games and can stomach the kawaii desu desu aesthetic.See more reviews here-http://steamcommunity.com/groups/JSJaRG"
,Recommended,251990,7714064,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,MilkAndLettuce,Falconry Simulator 2013
,Recommended,251990,11964813,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mikado-hime,"If you like seeing intense dark storylines and can tolerate all the princess stuff this game is for you.If you want Princess Maker + Puella Magi Madoka Magika + Game of Thrones, this game is for you.If you like a lot of lore and deep story telling and lots of story elements, this game is for you.If you like Sailor Moon references, this game is for you (Moon Prism Power!)If you like lots of different endings, achievements, killing the NPCs who bug you and ways to kill off the main characterYOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME.Warning: this game gets addictingThe good:everything mentioned aboveThe bad:the game seems to go by too quickly and you may or may not have taught the main character everything you want her to know. You get about 40 in-game weeks that feel more like 20 days in the long run. It'd be better if you could spend each individual day of said 40 weeks to teach her what she needs to know to be queen and live (if those are your intentions). But this is what makes the game so challenging and addicting: you don't have much time and your kingdom may fall into ruin with or without you being alive.Although this game can be compared to the likes of Princess Maker, there are no mini-games or little animations where you see your main character's hard-earned skills put to use. Even the duels you can partake in are just reading, so you're going to need your imagination when you play this game.Another thing that isn't really bad, but may♥♥♥♥♥♥new players off is that YOU WILL FAIL A LOT. It's all in trial and error, whether you view failing as dying, not passing a certain skill check test thing, not getting the ending you want or losing without dying in another way. But you could also say that these numerous skillchecks and this high-failure rate when you first start out just adds to the game's replayability. In addition, it could also show you why there were so many bad monarchs in history~Overall, Long Live the Queen is a cute and extremely dark adventure where you help teach (and almost raise) this girl to be queen in a short period of time. I totally recommend it.i give this game 5 Lumen crystals (or EXCECUTIONS if you don't want to use magic) out of 5"
,Recommended,251990,13491750,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roxor,its ok
,Recommended,251990,8404512,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Artemis,If you like this kind of thing at all you should buy it without hesitation.
,Recommended,251990,7748488,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,drkhrs2020,"They doubted my reign, but when I released the Kracken to wipe out the enemy armada, then sealed it back up again they all praised my name and prayed for my continued rule."
,Recommended,251990,8394911,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CodeGears,YOOOO THEM WAY OF DYING YO PRETTY GUUD SHE AINT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OKAY
,Not Recommended,251990,11866954,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Cryogenic,"A pretty basic game overall.  I enjoyed it for a little bit, but overall I think it's lacking.  There are two main reasons why I find this game a bit lack-luster, and you can take them for what they are worth:1.)  Every playthrough has the same plot.  So if you die (which you almost certainly will), you have to sit through the same plot devices every round.  Although there are clearly efforts made to give you several options, I still found myself trying to skip fast enough to get to new plots.  I think randomized events mixed into a few core events would have made replaying much more fun.2.)  The way that bonuses work make it super beneficial to max out a set of skills.  The more you know about a skill, the more you learn by training that skill.  You should avoid this trap, because if you are missing a few particular skill, it could lead to you dying very early in the game.  I think they could have been more creative about how the went about skill training to encourage a more diverse skillset and allow players to succeed in more skill checks.Those two reasons are primarily why I couldn't keep playing this game.  It is worth a playthrough or two if you can get it cheap and like sim games, but not something you'll likely want to keep coming back to."
76561198074362374,Not Recommended,251990,10375060,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,starfish912,"Although I like visual novels and games like this, this one relies too much on the repetition of actions and hoping and guessing at which stats to pump up to defend from events. Also, certain events are scripted and if you don't have the right stats by that time, you will die in the same few ways over and over. I went into this game really wanting to like it and while it has good points, the low replay value (not really helped much by the getting all the deaths concept) really killed it for me after the first few tries."
,Not Recommended,251990,10862415,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NimrodX,"I was disappointed with this. I thought there was going to be more of a political strategy aspect to the game, but it's to much of a visual novel where certain choices are just wastes of time, as are many of the skills. Essentially there isn't really more than one path to victory. Instead you're left to try to figure out what skills are worth training to win the game, and which ones are just decoys for you to waste your time. And then of course, on top of that, you can just get unlucky with a die roll and end up dead even if you make all the optimal decisions.If you're looking for something more than just a visual novel with cutsie magical girl style anime graphics then just skip this."
,Recommended,251990,15313906,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,long live the meme*dies*this review is♥♥♥♥♥♥i should've just made a feminist rant like all my others
,Recommended,251990,35070397,Posted: 19 September,all,⋆♛⋆ K♡UKLA,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561197976513551,Recommended,251990,13140509,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Synesthesia,I've always wanted to be a 14 year old anime princess.  This game made that happen.  Until tentacle monsters killed me and my stupid friend in some forest.12/10 would die again.
,Recommended,251990,12519222,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Skywalker,"For the pricepoint, Long Live the Queen is cheaper than a movie and thus worth it.Starting a review talking about the price is never good, and while this game tries its best to appear to be a nonlinear fantastical rpg story following the trials of a little girl turned queen-to-be, it falls flat on several key factors.Overall: B- ""A neat game for a few hours.""- I enjoyed it because I got to do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥and then die. That's about it.- The story is mediocre with very few nonlinear branches. There are several true endings (assuming you make it through alive), with very little deviation, though honestly, as far as I played the game, there are really two endings, both decided on a hidden value: your reputation with the common people. This was rather disappointing to learn once I got to the ""end"", but there were two bigger concerns that I had.1) While appearing to be unrestricted in deciding whether or not you wanted to play with your toys all day or finally go learn magic, the game is actually extremely restricted by the scripted series of events that occur. Technically there are several ways to advance through each scripted event and avoid failing, but I found myself forced to pick just one of two ways (such as getting agility or some other skill to avoid the scripted assassinations) which led to the same event conclusion, with little deviation. I never was truly free to just be a socialite with a little bit of combat knowledge - I was pretty much forced to level my combat knowledge just to advance in the story. While disappointing, I still initially had fun doing whatever the hell I wanted and dying before finally buckling up and trying hard.2) Dying is a main sticking point to this game, and to truly experience all the well written scenarios, one must setup a specific strategy path to get to that point, often beginning from Day 5-10. At one point, I had 12 save files just to reach different types of death scenarios around that one war, only to be unable to advance 11 to the conclusion of the game. For example, I really wanted to sing my way out of this one part, but it turned out I needed 100 rating in voice to get there (among other things), leading to a very specialized decision tree. Of course, this led to me being deficient in other areas and unable to get much further in the game. This was the same for my other 10 paths, with only the 12th decision tree being the winner. This was rather upsetting. Why can't I sing my way to the end?? Blah. (Obviously I'm aware you can, but I didn't feel like restarting my game.)Significant Opinions:Music: B - It's a short story game with a few different arrangements. The main piano theme got repetitive on my 120493th attempt.Art: A - Anime-styled, not really anything amazing. Still gets an A for effort.Replay Value: C - The main selling point of this game is to die and live. Most of the time you die because you have no idea what ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous story event comes next. Then you either have to restart the game to get the optimal decision tree to that point, or reload far enough back (read: possibly several weeks) to be able to prepare for that event. It doesn't help that you don't know any of the values required to pass each of the choices in an event. LOTS of trial and error. Paper and pencil are necessary. If you use a walkthrough... it stops being a game due to the spoiler nature of walkthroughs for decision-based games, but I understand if you're frustrated you'd go for it. For perspective, I died maybe 30 times before I went to the day-by-day walkthrough/spoilers, on which it stopped being interesting since I was basically reading the story in order to get through it. In short this game can be frustratingly hard and requires dedication.///All in all, I had fun dying for several hours, so I recommend it. Don't expect more out of it and you'll be satisfied. Would eat OBVIOUSLY POISONED box of chocolates again. Or sacrifice myself to a tentacle monster. 10/10"
,Recommended,251990,7682714,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Rain,"Well here is my review of Long Live the Queen:Are you suffering from having too much ♥♥♥♥ing time?Do you question your mental state of mind?Have you ever been arrested for stalking an individual?Are you a human?If you said yes to any of these questions above, this game is for you.. I had to up my dose of Prozac after this one let me tell you; this game makes you want to hang yourself with an ethernet cord, yet you can;t stop playing.Death is so often the outcome in this game that you start to question whether the point of the game is to live or to die in the most ♥♥♥♥ed up way imaginable..... For real... I'm starting to think that it would be pretty legit to go out like a boss and get killed by a tentacle monster. Don't you?I feel so much smarter because of this game, because ""Elodie"" ,or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ her name is (not worth remembering necause she's a♥♥♥♥♥♥, is the dumbest mother ♥♥♥♥er ever imaginable. Who the ♥♥♥♥ dies from falling out a window by accident? She does.... She ♥♥♥♥ing does... Oh and don't get me started with how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it is when she dies FROM ♥♥♥♥ING POISONED CHOCOLATE. Desks were flipped, desks were ♥♥♥♥ing flipped after that.Blondes are now geniuses in comparison to this dumb ♥♥♥♥♥. Next time I see someone with pink hair I'm going to walk in the opposite direction, because I am not letting that mental retardation grab ahold of me... I already got enough problems as it is.Dont even get me started on the controversal endings, she CAN ♥♥♥♥ING MARRY A MAN  FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE. SO DISGUSTING, WE ALL KNOW MEN ARE PIGS. Oh wait...Oh and you know what really rustled my jimmies? I typed in the dev console ""show♥♥♥♥♥♥true"" and they ♥♥♥♥ing sent a team of FBI agents through my ♥♥♥♥ing front door... Thanks, I gotta replace that soon, as well as a new hardrive and external memory devices,  and they even had the nerve to take my collection of My Little Pony Fan Fiction DVDs.Bottom line, this game is has great artwork, story line, and replay value as I mentioned above. -Rain"
,Recommended,251990,8247444,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,dys,"An intellectually stimulating combination of symbolic game design, brilliant visuals, an immersive soundtrack, and a post-modern story that will leave you pondering its implications for months. I consider this the best videogame ever made."
,Not Recommended,251990,25404893,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,zkdr,"Save, load, die, go back to save, die again, load again, die again, go back to older save, die. An exercise in tedium. There is little room for error. Story branches arbitrarily lead to death. This isn't fun. I still beat it, but going back and analyzing what went wrong turned this into a game save management game instead of the neat game it could have been. At least nothing is random."
76561198071068558,Recommended,251990,9174561,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,kingyleon,"So many possibilities, addictive"
,Recommended,251990,12208174,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Megiken,I UNLOCKED THE TUTU JESUS CHRIST 10/10 WILL PLAY FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE
,Recommended,251990,9252940,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,scudgreen,"A fun game to just play on a comfy evening. There's a lot of variety in what can happen, but sometimes it feels like you come across the same events quite often, so you eventually start focusing on certain stats each time. That said, it just depends on what you feel is important to maximize first.Don't expect to survive on your first run."
,Recommended,251990,11243173,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Gobbu,This game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081358125,Recommended,251990,11853880,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Renegade Almc🌚,STFU Im The queen of this realm now
76561198027837430,Recommended,251990,12198700,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mozarella,"Short, but with huge replay value.Also: Probably the only game where you can live out your fantasy of being a magical girl and a student of business studies at the same time."
76561198116343778,Recommended,251990,12417211,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,AmberAlice,"So I have owned this game for less than 5 hours. Still have not won yet, but that is no issue. This game is addicting.So far I have died in three different ways, and no playthrough has been the same. Picking skills makes some aspects of the game change, and ever triggers differnt events. No matter how many times I play, I forget what skills will make me 'pass' certain tests that I don't normally succeed on. It's made each game unique and fun.My only complaints of the game are problems I have with a lot of visual novels. Many sequences become tedious and if you want all the endings, and experience all the opinions, you have to sit through them. The skip opition is much appreciated. Some of the skills seem completely useless, or only seem to have one use for a 'test' in the game. It's hard to tell which ones though, as some skills uses don't always get triggered. I recommend having a save file immediently after the start tutiorial so you can have a quick restart and not have to sit through the opening.Also. Leveling up intrigue is a good way to not eat the chocolate. NEVER EAT THE CHOCOLATE."
,Recommended,251990,12738561,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,♥~Ultra Skirt Fighter IV~♥,I burned a man alive with magic~♫
76561198053094279,Recommended,251990,13170578,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ALJJ,"This game is extremely frustrating at times, but worth playing. It has an in depth story with many different outcomes. I've died many times in the game, but it was worth it just to win.I'd recomend this game to anyone who likes a good strategy game were you have to constantly learn from mistakes. I think it's worth the price.There are a lot of save slots for the game, I used almost 100 of them.The main character is a little dumb, but that's because you have to make her clever, strong, and independent. Her deaths are laughable. I spent a good amount of time just laughing at her responces to different senarios and deaths.If you're considering buying the game, go ahead, it's very intertaining, and would be fun to show to friends."
,Recommended,251990,13489405,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ranichi17,11/10 would enter lesbian relationship with maid again.
,Recommended,251990,13554056,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Neriani,I just love chocolate *-* .... end of story 10 out of 10 <3
,Recommended,251990,13168560,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MrThunderChocolate,My queen got tentical squid Hentai in the mail.-10/10 best game 2014
76561198108155142,Recommended,251990,9567087,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Ban-Kai!,THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER!
,Recommended,251990,13082871,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kojiro,"At the start this game looks really hard, but when you play it a little and get the ideia how things work, you will understand that this game actually IS really hard...You will need to read some guides to understand the mood system, have lots of patience and play without caring about if you will die or not, because you WILL die and play it again, again and again, but the game is worth of it, it have lots of ending, routes and secrets that will trigger you completionist side, so give it a try. :)"
,Recommended,251990,10880288,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rassemon,best game ever made 11/10
,Recommended,251990,12293130,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ryoga5,Dark souls level of difficulty in a cute anime visual novel about a cute little queen.Its up to you to increase the queens atributes and help her run a kingdom while everything is out to get you.
,Recommended,251990,12314638,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Ladycowbell,"I've set out on this adventure many times in the past few hours, and each time has ended in me failing. I never become discouraged instead I try to approach the game differently but it always ends in my princess dying in a new and different way. She's cracked her head open, been stabbed, been poisoned and had all sorts of other terrible ends. Some day I'll gorw up to be the Queen SOMEDAY."
,Recommended,251990,12282511,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mashkwi,"How hard could it be to be a 14 year old princess in a feudal kingdom fantasy universe? Turns out, pretty friggin hard.This game has a simple enough face but actually goes quite deep. You need to level up  skills in weekly classes in between events. These skills must be high enough in order to succeed at skill tests that pop up throughout the story line: Are your court manners high enough to endure socialization with other nobles? Are your military skills enough to resist invading armies? There is no time to study everything so each week's classes must be chosen carefully. Your mood also affects these classes and how effective they will be for you to learn about that skill. Later on you also gain access to outfits that will also give you the option to boost certain skill sets.Your choices, and events that go certain ways because of your results of skill tests, affect the story line and some variations occur that makes this game a re-playable game in the sense a choose-your-own-adventure book is re-readable a few times. Many different roads and many different (usually fatal) ends.It is pretty linear in general story and events but there is a handy ""skip"" button that makes it so you can go past all that and just try to survive to reach your fifteenth birthday. Which is REALLY not as easy as one might think."
,Recommended,251990,18363246,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dequan's cousin from longos,"""The Dark Souls of anime princess games""-me"
,Recommended,251990,12987276,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,sloot,Mastered the dark arts. Disappointed my father and friends. Crushed a rebellion with major casualties. Trained falcons and mastered economics. Death by chocolate.10/10 would stuff my face again.
76561198367116846,Recommended,251990,31750727,Posted: 14 May,all,RaresPurice,"I like this game so much. I like the anime art style, the music and the rich story. The characters make you love or hate them, but you can change your opinion about them if you play the game more times in different ways."
,Recommended,251990,12243298,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,mitto,Tried to throw a vase from point blankArchery = FailedDied10/10 Game of the Year
,Recommended,251990,8155778,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Keramoon,This game is so much fun! I love how original it is. Just buy it and give it a try!
,Recommended,251990,27200327,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LastChans,"You are who you are; even if others deny it, even if you deny it yourself."
,Recommended,251990,15471002,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,El Nino,this is a really good game for pre pubescent teens
,Recommended,251990,7785258,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BEANBADDY,Really gets you thinking. One of the better stratagy games i've played. Worth the 10 bucks. Plus the queen is moe.
,Recommended,251990,12518850,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Suddenly Light,"This game has a robust management system, combined with a sweet personality- i think the best part is all the neat stories that can result from different skillsets and different approaches to challenges"
76561198027474761,Recommended,251990,10887765,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,IceMan45,"It's too easy to play through, just max Lumen and Military (Maybe a little Trade and Medicine), but I must admit, it is fun. So definitely worth a buy :)"
,Recommended,251990,9538189,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Falafel Rapper-chan,"DO YOU LIKE ANIME!? DO YOU LIKE HENTAI!? DO YOU LIKE TO DIE A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON OF TIMES!? DO YOU LIKE HENTAI GAMES WITHOUT THE HENTAI!? THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU! YOU GET THE COOL STRATEGY AND♥♥♥♥♥♥AND THEN YOU CAN READ A BADASS STORY, SO GET THE ♥♥♥♥ READY, BECAUSE ANIME HENTAI GAMES WITHOUT THE HENTAI, ARE THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ 50000000000000000000000000000/1"
,Recommended,251990,9599554,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,man uh,"While this game mAKES ME WANT TO RIP MY HAIR OFF AND FLY MY COMPUTER ACROSS THE OCEAN, it's really endearing. If you like strategy rpg games with a cute protagonist then this game is perfect for you. You can also dress up the cute protagonist in even cuter clothing, so if you're into that, it's there.."
76561198063804049,Recommended,251990,11300886,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Screamerclauz,Honest to god i rage quite about 14 times before i got a win
,Recommended,251990,8262514,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rosebrock,
,Recommended,251990,8314120,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Δ tripz.,very good game
,Recommended,251990,8587449,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Waifu_Dosh,"E is for Elodie, Who can't seem to stay alive."
,Recommended,251990,8399342,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Prickly,"Behind the frilly pink lies a dark and convoluted strategy game, and a brutal, compelling storyline. Play it."
76561197990764922,Recommended,251990,7786415,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Weakest Precure Ever,"A fun and funny game, but it's very trial and erro. You'll die a lot your first few times. If you like the raising genre, it's a good, amusing example of it. If you don't, well... Then this isn't a game for you."
,Recommended,251990,8424475,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cybern3tic D0ll,Reminds me an awful lot of a game I played many years ago called Cute Knight (both which also seem to feature pink-haired anime-style graphics and a pink-haired heroine). Story is super short but each time you play it you can get different in-game events and endings/deaths depending on which attributes you choose to focus on.
,Recommended,251990,30034096,Posted: 19 February,all,Onion Bounty Hunter,She will not live long.
76561198241661678,Recommended,251990,32491919,Posted: 16 June,all,KaiyukiChan,Ttttthis game is gr8. It m8de me s0 anGry thO
,Recommended,251990,7900843,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,KappaQueen,"Deceivingly adorable game ends up being extremely challenging - lost several days of my life to this game trying to survive the full 40 weeks without being stabbed, poisoned, etc. Worth every penny!"
76561198137816814,Recommended,251990,32967530,Posted: 28 June,all,The Best Canadian,w
,Recommended,251990,9063629,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Grayellow,made me rage more than all of the souls games10/10
,Recommended,251990,8159824,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Wenrare,This game is about a qt pink haired girl who wants to become queen.
,Recommended,251990,28221903,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Balt0,Well♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought it just because I wanted to have a quick wank. ButWow.This game is way more in-depth than it looks like at first glance. It's really good.Wow
,Recommended,251990,10874336,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ducemon,"You're the most kawaii princess ever and you need to become queen,and then suddenly,no matter what,your mental states cripple in every way possible any chance you had to learn economy or how to act like a queen.Oh and you get killed by chocolates.30/10 would die from    -Being shot by an arrow-Eating posioned chocolate-Losing a swordfightAGAIN!"
76561198052086248,Recommended,251990,15244898,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,King Bradoodle of Horses,10/10 Best Dying Simulator
,Recommended,251990,7638687,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,TBBle,Princessing is harder than I realised. And more deadly.
76561198060610002,Recommended,251990,11893153,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,freelancespy87,"Game made me feel like a princess.Don't worry,  I still have my man card...  Probably..."
,Recommended,251990,28276156,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Boop,cutest death simulator in 2016
,Recommended,251990,10913215,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MercyKiller,"Chopped off the head of a Duchess because she invaded someone's land, then chopped off her brother's head because he was annoying. Let friend die in the woods, then sacrificed favourite cousin to sea monster. Too bad aunt didn't approve.12.7/AAA would play again."
76561198055779992,Recommended,251990,30601944,Posted: 18 March,all,ShyNi,"I love this GAMEEEEE, it and Endless Legend might be my favirote games ATM."
,Recommended,251990,13501552,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,eronpaulo23,so difficult you will die to death
76561198168876027,Recommended,251990,13558644,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Getcher game on,This game is so kawaii~ KYAAAAA!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251990,33340498,Posted: 7 July,all,KitCatt,More death than Dark Souls
,Recommended,251990,33022690,Posted: 29 June,all,13thprotector,Funny little game that's cute and silly. Check it out.
,Recommended,251990,12293352,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Zunami,"Personal rating: 6/10Replayability: Low (even though it seems encouraged due to multiple endings)Budget: Only buy it on sale... If it's very cheap. You will feel like you wasted a lot of money if you pay full price.Lenght: A full day can get you through the game, if you're lucky.I find myself very surprised to be writing a review of this game. I never thought I'd end up playing a game like this....Despite the hideous art-work that in no-way fits the setting of the actual game, this fantasy game is very entertaining, reminding me of old browser games from Japan that I used to play in elementary school.The game draws inspiration from Princess Maker, but unlike Princess Maker, the game actually follows a story and is actually interesting.In this game, you must, through careful planning and choices try to reach the date of your coronation, being the princess of this strange fantasy Kingdom. Diplomacy, foreign relations and many other aspects very surprisingly play a big role in this extremely minimalistic and simplistic game.The game features various endings through an epilogue, and a ton of different possible deaths, and you'd think this awarded the game a high replayability, but it doesn't really. Unless this game is RIGHT up your alley, playing to the end ONCE is more than enough for most people I'd say.While I recommend the title for people who are into games like this, be warned, it's inappropriately ""cute"" in it's artwork, which doesn't fit the setting at all, and do not expect a master-work gameplay-wise. This could have been an android game or a browser game even.You have to be the kind of person who can enjoy a game for it's gameplay and setting."
,Recommended,251990,9140223,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Carinyan,i like it |                                                             | this much! being a princess and getting to use magic and possibly marry yes pls.
,Recommended,251990,8448355,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nerin,"♥♥♥♥, I keep dying."
,Recommended,251990,9101380,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,AtomicEggs,Princess Simulator is the best simulator. Always wanted to wear a tutu without strange looks.
76561198079069249,Recommended,251990,9115037,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Smoothnoseman,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Wanna play a badass princess? this game pretty much allows you to do that. kill, behead and let your nobles get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you, sums up the game. 10/10 for audio and visuals."
,Recommended,251990,9115284,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Arujei (RJ),Current visual novel gameplay has gotten too predictable and stale to the point where I just say let it play by it self. This on the other hand is quite fun no matter how many times you get your queen murdered. Figuring out the right balance is part of that fun as getting crowned. Trying to get everything unlocked isn't easy either. This takes your VN games to a whole new level of complexity that was sorely needed.
,Recommended,251990,9069939,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Earl Autism,This game is impossible to win unless you max lumen you dont win otherwise dont buy it it was not ♥♥♥♥ing worth the money it was super expensive and it makes me want to commit homocide on an elit level
,Recommended,251990,9177137,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pumkene,"I love this game. Its a great visual novel and has a wonderful story-line. Along with a wonderful story like the art style and many of her outfits are just wonderful.Ha, just try not to cheat. I will say it is a game, and hard to get the good ending but once you figure it out its worth it. I'd recommend this game for people who like visual novels."
,Recommended,251990,8403978,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tzephkiel,"Great, fun game, especially for the price. Whilst it looks like a girly, boring game, the gameplay is actually quite in depth and is really quite difficult (I can say that having not survived to become Queen yet). Definite buy for anyone in my book!"
,Recommended,251990,20273972,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zebrick,Made Elodie become HitlerShe died of poisoningHistorical accurate/10
76561198019822918,Recommended,251990,10991082,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PUNKULES,sooooooo good
,Recommended,251990,7605562,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Fiona,"Don't be fooled by the cutesy cover art. The Kingdom of Nova is a ruthless place, full of assassins, evil magic, and deadly court intrigue, and you, a mere 14 year old girl, must live long enough to take the crown - which is a hell of a lot harder than it sounds. A lot deeper than it seems at first glance.Honestly, the game structure is a bit obtuse - not Paradox obtuse, but obtuse - and it can be frustrating if you play without much knowledge. That said, game playthroughs are quick, save scumming is essentially encouraged, and there's a lot of variety in events, the kind of variety that can only come with a game mostly played through text....could use more graphics, though. I'd honestly love an update with full VN-style portraits of characters, though that'd probably be hugely cost-prohibitive. Maybe, if it's successful on Steam, we can get more updates! Especially as the game was already massively expanded for its Steam release."
,Recommended,251990,19749450,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Zaphkiel,"It's a relatively short VN that can be completed within a few hours of game play. However despite being short it has a lot of options and story change depending on how you train princess Elodie and the choices you make leading to mutiple diferent endings depending on what you did during the game play.It's a very fun game I recommend it if you are looking for something difference or are just bored of the games you usually play. I would wait for it to be on sale though, it's good but not worth the normal price on my opion."
76561198044332155,Recommended,251990,24000875,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,wolfjmk,<3 It will drive you crazy.....but in a GREAT way :3 The game is simple. Help your girl become queen.......without dieing....and your going to die.....a lot.....I died the first time at the earliest point XD
76561198080355090,Recommended,251990,13116716,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,MFMegaZeroX,"Long Live the Queen is a fantastic game/visual novel. There are many reasons to love the game, and not many reasons to hate it.Despite reading the Steam page and watching the trailers/seeing the images, there may still be some confusion to some on what exactly the game is. LLtQ is a hybrid between a visual novel and a raising sim. Visual Novels are easiest explained as choose your own adventure books with images. A raising sim is what it sounds like,  a simulation of raising a child. The concept of LLtQ is that you are Princess Elodie, who's mother has just died. You need to take up your mother's mantle, and attempt to survive until coronation.The game usually takes multiple attempts to beat for the first time, and it is very much trial and error, as the player needs to figure out which skills to prioritize and what decisions to make. The real fun of the game, however, is exploring all of the possibilities after you have beaten the game. There is a ton of intrigue happening around the world Elodie lives in, but Elodie can't learn all of it (or even very much of it) in a single playthrough. Which is why in your early attempts you will most likely die. You will make what seems to be a reasonable decision, but die since you were unaware of the implications your actions had because of some specific knowledge you would need to know in another playthrough. It is almost beautiful how everything that happens in the game has a reason, and how all of the characters have hidden motivations that you need to figure through multiple playthroughs and deductions (as some motives require reading between the lines).Even after 64.5 hours, I still sometimes stumble upon things I didn't know existed in the game. I can't recommend this highly enough.tl;dr: Buy the game. It is awesome, and has so much detail."
,Recommended,251990,7661882,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Kinisis,"A visual novel about trying not to die for the twentieth time, with strategy elements requiring you to raise a cruel warlord of a princess ready to execute anyone who gets in your way. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,251990,8401167,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Noobgoat20,SO GOOD
,Recommended,251990,8401243,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KittyChaos,Yummy chocolates.
76561198031301006,Recommended,251990,8401279,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rick C137,although ure a princess its amzing
76561198005023660,Recommended,251990,8394117,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LetDaWookieWin,Easy to learn hard to master.  Fun if you enjoy a puzzling challenge.
,Recommended,251990,8356273,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheKingOfLife,"Its fun, just play it!"
,Recommended,251990,8394313,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wanderingstill,I can confirm this game is totally worth the 5 bucks I spent.
,Recommended,251990,8284041,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,rctdude2,"Don't go into the woods alone, you might get attacked by a tentacle monster, if you know what I mean."
76561198076919400,Recommended,251990,8325309,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Princess Arya,"So much fun, so  much frustration."
,Recommended,251990,8398856,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bill Cosplay,It's like Eve Online with Anime girls
,Recommended,251990,8398370,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Founder,Great game
76561197990111853,Recommended,251990,8400040,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Goofy,"Never has being a princess, been so manly."
76561198067791616,Recommended,251990,23977554,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gadjiltron,"Long Live the Queen uses an engine for Visual Novels, looks like Princess Maker, but plays like a roguelike.Basic summary of the plot and gameplay: Due to her mother's sudden death, Elodie needs to survive 40 weeks before she turns 15 and is crowned Queen proper. You manage her class schedules which will increase her skills in different areas, but you must also keep track of her mood which can affect how easily she learns certain skills. These skills will become vital as they are frequently checked in events throughout the game. Failing these tests can have consequences that range from not gaining certain dialogue options to instant death.That's the gist of it, but as you play you realize the events of the game look far more complex than it seems. A single decision can have implications several weeks down the line, sometimes interacting with several other factors that railroad you to your death. Adding to the complexity is that sometimes the game checks for skills that didn't seem superficially necessary to an event. And sometimes these checks are STEEP to the point where you'd pretty much need to have been planning to go for them from the start.Then again, you can save and load at nearly any point in the game. Hope you've been taking notes or have a good memory. Would recommend that you only begin using a guide after the first 5 or so deaths or if you're hunting odd achievements.There is often more than one way to skin a cat - for example, you could negotiate a compromise with an invading army to back away, or utilize an alliance to intimidate them into doing so. You're not entirely hosed for neglecting a certain skill set, but you'd better make sure whatever you've invested in is appropriately polished. And because you never have enough time to max everything out, there's a constant possibility of what happens if you resolve certain conflicts in different ways, and the challenge of managing your skills and mood such that they're up to standard when the time comes. A singe complete playthrough takes about 2 hours to accomplish, but be assured you'll spend even more time exploring other events the game has to offer.9/10. Would get shanked in a duel again due to not having enough Athletics to not get tired."
,Recommended,251990,9976640,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Hydra,"Cutest version of God Save The Queen ever... <3Who knew hours of reading, trial and error would be so much fun!"
,Recommended,251990,10877402,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MrCounterMax,LIVEGODDAMIT/10
,Recommended,251990,7609685,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Nova Terran,Long live the magical girl queen of Nova!
,Recommended,251990,8656562,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,𝅳𝅳,Why wouldnt you?
,Recommended,251990,7660680,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Crazy Alchemy,"A charming little Visual Novel styled game that's heavy on decisions and stat building. You can never build a perfect queen so it's best to specialize in being the type of queen you want to be, in doing so you can unlock completely different choices and endings.And of course your can die adorably. Yes it will happen."
,Recommended,251990,8396234,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wiidad,"Wow, if you can read and follow a simple story and its various plot lines and remember its various characters names and positions this game is very very intriguing, with deep story and strategy. So much more than I expected it to be. I Certainly recomend it. This game is oddly similar to Crusader kings 2 in several ways, but with a much lower starting dificulty. I Hope they make more like it that offer other stories and allow us to be male characters and choose from a wider array of game plot directions in the future. I will buy games of this genre from this point forward having been sold on this game. This reminds me of the choose your own adventure books I used to enjoy in my youth. Much Fun!"
76561198034430527,Not Recommended,251990,8626874,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Descri,"While I do love this game, I can not in good faith recomend this game, it commits to many of the typical flaws of its kind. Let me list them out and you be the judge.1. Story is truly linear in how you have to pick certain skills in order to survive, especially early on.2. You are forced into to many instant loose scenarios and your skills are not taken into account. For example when my country was being raided, I had 100% on military tactics and logistics, neither of these were allowed to be used, which is absolutely flawed and stuipid in my oppinion, if I am a military genius, I should be allowed to command my forces like I am one.3. To many numbers mean nothing, for example, the game asks you to lower, raise, or keep the taxes the same, without being presented numbers, these figures are meaningless, not only that but kings had advisors to help explain things to them that they did not know.4. The game does not give you the option of advisors to help assist in decisions of state as a real king or queen would have and in plenty.5. Your character starts off with all stats being 0, this is absolutely horrible to me, it is saying that your character has never done anything in their life, has no skills, no training, no natural talents until you are teaching them. This is the biggest killer of the game in my oppinion and completely breaks the whole mold of the game. At least give some stats with 5's or a few tens to them even if they can not handle a skill check at least I have something there to prove my character is a person."
,Recommended,251990,10872673,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jayjajy,"♥♥♥♥ing Hardcore, better than Dark Souls"
76561198002585525,Not Recommended,251990,10586019,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tesla [UIT],short and one plotline
,Recommended,251990,7835126,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Greenhorn,"Pretty funny, quite difficult, a fun game in the vein of Princess Maker."
,Recommended,251990,13950938,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,¤Ałapso¤,I JUST WANTED TO GO TO A BIRTHDAY PARTY. THEN I DECIDED PUSHING ARROWS INTO MY ORGANS WAS A GOOD IDEA.Being a queen is suffering.
76561198105456569,Recommended,251990,14993903,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,Death by chocolate11/10 would eat it again
,Recommended,251990,8584775,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Felicity♡,cute
,Not Recommended,251990,18370612,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mayonnaise,"Pretty cute and good for awhile, but after owning it for a few months it loses something. Not very much replayability after awhile either. I can't bring myself to really play this anymore, and get constant headaches."
76561198081975354,Not Recommended,251990,16493127,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BlackShinobi_,"it pains me to give this game a bad rating, i mean i really enjoyed this game it was fun witty and clever with a intresting plot. once. twice maybe. the third time i knew the basic line i was trying to aquire the moods i needed and it felt like if i wanted to not die by xx then i would need to do xx at xx time before doing xx. playing as you want soon goes from a do able thing into get this outcome. it was fun but after 2ish hours i have run this game to its end 3 times not including the ""ends"" where i reloaded because of a choice that had me killed. honestly dying is the best part of the game i liked the clever concepts of how she was unable to live. was my fault. but getting to the end was just a bunch of x led to y because of z and thats what we want? super fun but be ready for it to stop fairly fast"
,Not Recommended,251990,15318535,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Uncle Tom Brady's Football Cabin,●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬♥๑۩۩๑♥▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬●Put this on the profile of people who are known/wantedmasters of anime●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬♥๑۩۩๑♥▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬●
,Recommended,251990,7744763,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,El Conquistador Miguel,"Did you ever want to be a princess? Did you ever want to have an endless closest full of spectacular clothing from pink tea dresses to formal dinner gowns? Were you that weird kid who dressed up as Jane instead of Tarzan or Belle instead of the Beast for Halloween? Well, I have some bad news for you... you most likely suffer from gender identity issues and should probably seek psychiatric attention immediately.However in the meantime you can fulfill you all of your taboo fantasies in Long Live The Queen! Between your long, arduous therapy sessions you can dress up just like a princess. Or after popping your daily medication of anti-depressants you can throw a fanastic ball for all of your rich friends. Long Live the Queen will definitely let experience what it truly feels like to be a little girl ruling a kingdom at the ripe age of 13, because you know, your inept father apparently can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ So tell your therapist to ♥♥♥♥ off and pick up a copy of Long Live The Queen today and embrace your inner fabulous! You just might survive long enough to become Queen!"
76561198031036727,Recommended,251990,12716040,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Original Bringe,Like Game of Thrones except with more violence and incest
,Recommended,251990,13822978,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Moejoejin v0.2,You're a little grill who has to avoid lots of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥before becoming queen.If you study the wrong things you get rekt.
,Recommended,251990,12144352,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Tahmis,"In Long Live The Queen, you must intricately plan out your classs to take based on your mood and complete certain activities in order to change your mood. there are many skils that can pay off in the long run by helping you defeat foes or keeping such a masterful composure people won't fight you. there is a rivoting story and crucial plot points that greatly affect the story and your relationship with Elodie. There is a lot of planning that needs to be exerted so precisely to ensure that this game is completed perfectly. This game will pull you in and you will create the most amazing princess ever who is capable of facing the harshest demons and the strongest gladiators and mercenaries. Assassins will not be able to harm such a domineering ruler as yourself and you will reing supreme over the world in all its entirety. There are many suitors to marry and many friends to make, many foes to erradicate, and spells to cast. There is truly nothing that can stop a ruler as great as Elodie. as her empire would chant ""Long Live The Queen."" You are truly a magnificent Queen Elodie, may your reaing last foreverOh Wait...She died from eating chocolate. And she ate it because she didn't have knowlegde in trade...I quit."
,Recommended,251990,13440871,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,kouryuu9,So much fun. Even some of the bad ends are just as hard to achieve as the good ends.
,Recommended,251990,8507757,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,burneddi,it's sh­it :D
,Recommended,251990,13762532,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Normie,Hardest game i have ever played. Estimated completion time: 2 years
,Recommended,251990,13154454,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hollow,"If you can withstand the deaths of a pink haired spoiled rich kid , this game is for you! So many endings in so little time! (Not really, More endings = More time). Death? Betrayal? Underage marriage? War? Poisonous chocolates? WE GOT IT!But seriously though , this game is very dark for its bright cheerful anime vibe. It will make you really think whether you should practice in dancing or foriegn affairs. Every decision you make could cost you your life.Had fun , buy it when it is on sale but not when it is full priced."
,Recommended,251990,11508654,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kindvirus,"""I totally didn't buy this just for the lolis."" ~ Kindvirus10 Pies out 7 Tarts.""I got stuck at the chocolate part for an hour!"" ~ Angry Kindvirus1/10""Kawaii~"" ~ Pervy Kindvirus10/10""It's not pedophillia if we're the same age, mate."""
,Recommended,251990,12145347,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,fullskel,become kawaii and die.
,Recommended,251990,19529790,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheAdditionalPylon,failed more tests in this game than my entire school life put together.10/10
,Recommended,251990,8966475,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ulm,it's breddy gud
,Recommended,251990,11802091,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Schwoops,Shallow trial and error gameplayBut the protagonist is cute10/10
76561198115328313,Recommended,251990,7753493,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Peachz,"Extremely addicting game! Though the goal is relatively simple, you will be pulled into the dynamic story and Elodie's plight as she struggles (and it is a struggle) to survive long enough to her coronation. Every decision has a great significance to the outcome, making you want to see how the next scene will play out. A must buy in my humble opinion."
,Recommended,251990,7755798,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BamseSmurf,"This game got stats, and lots of 'em."
,Recommended,251990,7759837,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Urilikya,"I am so sick and tired of dying to those bloody poisoned chocolates. Hey let's play again.By the by, this is perhaps the most fun I've had in forever, and yet it's so frustratingly hard to simply survive 40 weeks."
,Recommended,251990,7706271,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"From the descriptions and reviews, I was hoping it was a bit more open ended and self determined, but the events that occur are hard set week to week.  I'm not a huge fan of the hime theme, but the game that's hiding underneath is actually a fairly interesting set of choose your own adventure mechanics.  The grim sense of humor is also a nice break to all of the bubblegum and cheesecake."
,Recommended,251990,7874971,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ADK,"When you play this game, you realized just how much thought the developers put into all the different ways they can cause a little girl to die.  I applaud them for the excellent game and want to punch their lights out at the same time."
,Recommended,251990,7737258,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,gooseduck,"If you like spec balancing and making decisions that impact gameplay/options, you'll love this game -reminds me of some tabletop board games. You try to balance the skills you learn as princess on the months leading up to your coronation - if you can survive that long. Not a really long game, and it could benefit from randomized story events, but still super addictive if you're into this type of game."
76561198006721607,Not Recommended,251990,17181819,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Raging Katsumi,I hate having to write a review for a game I don't like so I'll keep it short. The pace is slower than syrup in the arctic. You get quizzed on so many random things and can never seem to study the right stuff OR study enough of the right stuff! Died from an arrow to the side. Game sucks. -ragequit-
76561198259834141,Not Recommended,251990,21723310,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lumenaught,"Is running a obstacle course blindfolded fun for you? This isn't a game. This isn't a visual novel. This is not the ""female version of Dragon Commander"". I was lied to and want my money back. You can't prepare for something if you don't it's coming. You can't enjoy the replay since you already know the story. So why am I angry most? There is no skill required to play, just tolerance. This game isn't hard, it is just not well developed. They just decided to sell a incomplete game and call it ""challenging"". Don't buy this, or at least watch a youtube playthrough of it first. If you do/did buy it, get the ""Cheat Engine"" program to make it bearable. It only passes for the idea, not for the effort: Grade: D-Extra Credits curator said this game was ""interesting"". I think it's just different in the context of a bent spoon being called ""art"". Bottom line: that bent spoon is useless for eating with now.  EC asked, ""Do you like to die? Do you like to die a lot?"" My answer is, ""Dying in a game is about learning or growing stronger. It's a test of skill. You don't grow from that experence in this game and they promote that fact as a selling point."" The worst part. I still havn't died yet. YEAH! Ten hours in, save, play 5 rounds, redo those rounds knowing what your going to be ""tested on."" Then win. Just study real education with your time then."
76561198065773641,Recommended,251990,7962761,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ichika,"It doent look fun at first, but its very fun and addictive."
,Recommended,251990,24053685,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Katyusha,10/10 Best game evarr
76561198064876720,Recommended,251990,13261535,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nosehair of Justice,won the game with only the help of animals and maximum composureHorse/Horse -would kill my entire family in the name of horses again.
,Recommended,251990,13950894,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Ever want to be a princess attempting to avoid horrible ways of death? This game is for you. It's an intersting story, but a good mechanic for a novel type story regarding training mechanism and trigger checks. It's good to get on the cheap.For more, go to the video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-T2EwhmyCA"
,Recommended,251990,9118021,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Brushie,best sim ever
,Recommended,251990,9146809,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ｃｙｂｅｒ Ｆｕｎｋｅｒ,This game so waaay to hard. I even found Dark Souls not that hard.... but this....THIS GAME RUINED my dreams of wanting to be a Pretty Magical Anime Princess ;_;.
,Recommended,251990,14278624,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kiki Kalani,"There are no foxes, but its still a great game. Very dynamic and a ton of replayability."
76561198304133494,Recommended,251990,24338619,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ainsleysenpai,10/10 Would be a kawaii animu loli hitler again. Best game ever.
,Recommended,251990,25430761,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,DINOSAUR ATROCITY,"Fought an enemy king in single combat, in a magical duel, summoned the Holy Moonlight Blade and decapitated him in my throne room, winning the war100/10 you were at my side all along. My true mentor, my guiding Moonlight."
,Recommended,251990,10625165,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Eyrann,Un jour qui vous forcera à crever pour tout débloquer 8D
,Recommended,251990,11059728,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,cirn0,I like this game. It lets me live my fantasy of being a 14 year old girl. Also a princess.
,Recommended,251990,17722062,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Konoko,"Hey, it's only $10 now!Aside from that, it's just a fun little game. There's not much to say. I found what I think is pretty much the best possible ending, even with such a short amount of game time, through optimizing my choices better every time I played.However, that's not to say I found every possible ending, or every possible death, so your mileage may vary. I just called the game 'done' since I didn't feel like going out of my way to see every possible ending. Also, the game just makes me sad, Elodie is much too kawaii to see her die constantly.You know what you're buying. Everything that you'll get is what you see before you. It's like a visual novel where you die constantly. It's just ten dollars, so why not pick it up? You could buy something much, much worse with those ten dollars, you know."
76561197968784159,Not Recommended,251990,8470686,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,spidey202,"I played this game a few times.  In the end, I think it is flawed in a lot of ways.  In order to play it well, you essentially are forced to play through multiple times and fail.  You need to learn what events happen when and plan accordingly.  I guess you could say that a game like Super Meat Boy is similar, in that you are forced to replay levels over and over in order to learn how to beat them, but the difference is that a skilled player has the ability to navigate an unplayed level with success.This game doesn't seem to have any skill involved.  You just experiment until things go right.  There are ways to manipulate the bonuses in order to get skill points where you want them.  But it takes a few play throughs to learn what bonuses are associated with what moods, and what events take place that require you to have certain skills at certain times, and then by the time you figure it out, I really felt like I knew the story enough and I didn't care enough to play it again.I did sink a fair number of hours into this game, and usually that is the sign of a game I enjoyed, but this one left me feeling annoyed that there was no payoff at the end.  I didn't get better, I just learned what happened when, and the experience is utterly forgettable."
,Recommended,251990,28303488,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Sweaty Gopher,Fun game to play if you're ever super bored waiting for something.
76561198121975294,Recommended,251990,13126464,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,erick,"Not bad. So I crushed a rebellion and fought a few hand to hand battles to victory. Then died to a random chocolate. Have played a few more times and died before I ever became Queen. Queen well that does not sound right, I'm not gender confused. Anyway fun game just the same."
76561198092263732,Recommended,251990,9675426,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,[☯ThHale☯]NitoriKawashiro,"Best visual novel ever,help Princess elodie to  get to her coronations without your death."
,Recommended,251990,10068563,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,SkinwalkeR21,some time you may die more than dark soul in this game
,Recommended,251990,9252545,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,mkeb97,This game looks extremely girly and lame but do not be fooled.  Its a great and quite difficult strategy game that is pretty long and intensive.  I can only play 2 games per day because it takes about some time and you really have to think out the traits and characteristics you give her.  But its great for those who love strategy games because you just keep coming back even after you beat it because there are so many different stories.
,Recommended,251990,9173616,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,AppleFritter,One of the best RPGs I have ever played!
76561198053034067,Recommended,251990,9672893,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Crafty,surprisingly hard but fun
,Recommended,251990,9683522,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,h o t l i n e .  b o n k,"Um, this game is amazing and if you don't play it you're probably a big dweeb loser. QUEEN ELODIE FOR LIFE."
76561198032508729,Recommended,251990,9685546,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Chii,this game is so funny lolits worth it i never laughed so hard.poison in my chocolates can a princess git a brake x.xif you like fun games this one  is a must buy
,Recommended,251990,18041580,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Meil,>Received tentacle porn about me.>Horrified>Paper magically flies out the window but lands on a ledge>Try to climb out and grab it>Fall out and die.10/10 would save before the event and pick a different option.
,Recommended,251990,11543009,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Jolyne Kujo,"One of my personal favorites. A fairly cheap game about guiding a cute princess on her path to being the Queen. With an unique gameplay and interesting events, this game is sure to amaze. Though, this game isn't for the thick-headed. It takes stategy and careful planning to truly master it. And the choice is up to yours! Will you be a cold-hearted warrior, or a the genuis pulling the strings behind the shadows? A very cute and simple game. 9/10"
76561198084530977,Recommended,251990,16567084,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Koro,I think you can become a mahou shoujo
,Recommended,251990,19858967,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Boyhood took 12 years to make,Dying in this game equates to the pain of accidentally sitting on your balls. So does listening to the music.
76561198201848336,Recommended,251990,19450968,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,swimmingferret,"Long Live The Queen is a game that doesn't screw around. Don't practice your social skills? You get killed during a ball. Don't practice horse riding? You die in a forest. Don't practice first aid? You accidentily jam an arrow further into your side and die. You go out in a navy fight and can't swim? You drown.This game punishes you for being overly specilized in one field and it takes a bit of juggling to win without dying or destroying your own country in the process.My princess was sneaky and underhanded while taking full advantage of her magical powers. But she also trained her falcon, who saved her life during an assassination attempt. She was too depressed to eat chocolate and thus avoided being poisoned. She lost a navy battle but killed the lead invader via challenging him to a magical duel then cutting his head off with a magic sword. She set fire to a bunch of rioters and lived to wear the crown.So you can stuff up yet win at the same time. A fun game and wow does it feel good to finally become Queen after dying dozens of times."
76561198057491262,Recommended,251990,19559743,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dartheal,"Became magical girl, destroyed an army and an upstart who tried to duel me. All shall love me and despair!"
76561198165116604,Recommended,251990,13592795,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Malda Vorym,"The queen is dead, long live the queen!"
,Recommended,251990,17292107,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ambiguously Unsettling Wafers,Being royalty is pure suffering. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,17783507,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,inoyosa123 The Pope of YMT3,Best game ever. the only game where you have 2 goals survive and collect all the way to die. But for real this game is very interesting with good plot and story well made caraters and the ability to make everything you do seem like the bad choise.
,Recommended,251990,19602529,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Like to die,Queen rarely lives long 11/10
,Recommended,251990,9098576,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,nice sy,I fkn hate this game so much.9 / 10
,Recommended,251990,9086741,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mr. Shakedown,+Better than expected+- Brutal difficulty+- Trial and Error gameplay-Linear storyline75/100
76561198030941623,Recommended,251990,25279365,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Algorythm,"(Kevan) Duel Me!Elodie throws lightning, turns Kevan into grease spot.(Elodie) I decline."
,Recommended,251990,15138866,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ngoproblem,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198139924203,Recommended,251990,15140418,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,QueenKuvira,Little hard at the start because there are so many skills needed at random. But it happens the same so you can start over if you really want a perfect start
,Recommended,251990,23888660,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Galahad,"Game #1: Wanted to be benevolent queen.> Focused social skills & economics> Lowered taxes> Let noble families control their own affairs> Didn't want to marry right away> Employeed people> Didn't execute anyone> Kept clean of the dark arts (magic)>> Nobles rise up in civil war, which is put down barely>> Enemy king comes and kills my father then laughs as he tells me he killed my mother.>> Kills me.Game #2:> Worship the gods of nature> Invest in printing press & print army recruiting propoganda> Marries useless husband for military support> High taxes> Focus on military and dueling abilities> Long live the dark arts> Squish any foreign threat with an iron fist> Civil war abrupts, burn traitor armies and execute aunt> Her son wants revenge, I turn him into burnt peasant food> Enemy king invades, smashes my fleet & army> Challenges me to a duel, I decapitate him with a magic sword> Peasants revolt, sick of their♥♥♥♥♥♥ commit small level genocide> Become Queen of toasty people>>Did all of this in a sailor moon outfit10/10"
,Recommended,251990,14065454,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sakuya,"Read all the top reviews, and still died to the chocolates.10/10, would push poison knowledge againBut seriously, it's a good game if you're fine with weighing stat building against time constraints, dealing with different matters that may have consequences down the line, and maybe hitting a few brick walls that can cause a full game restart. Also you can be a magical girl."
76561198047727785,Not Recommended,251990,33334500,Posted: 6 July,all,Karasu,"Even if everything you do is perfect you can't win in any satisfying way. Because you are the queen, and everything kills you dead. You win? Nah you guys are all dead that H.P. Lovecraft thing is coming for your♥♥♥♥♥ GFL"
,Recommended,251990,7654676,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,burito,"It's really quite special. Ignore the Magical-girl wrapping paper, this is Game of Thrones, complete with it's own white walkers.Additionally, Linux support is fantastic."
76561198087623640,Recommended,251990,17844133,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,violetsmiles,"I love this game, and I can't say enough good things about it.The game isn't easy, and it will definitely kill you. Probably more than once. But it also allows for multiple different playstyles. I've successfully completed the game with Elodie as a swordswoman/general, an academic interested in history and statecraft, a lumen wielding paranoid with spies everywhere, an athlete that hates lumen, and a historian interested in the arts. I love that I can craft so many different versions of Elodie and complete the game, though I will say it's much harder to not die if you choose not to become a lumen, and the ending seems far more sinister for an Elodie that isn't a lumen.Stat raising in the game can be a real challenge, and the best advice I can give is to keep your mood bars as close to the center as possible and only raise a lower high enough to give yourself the bonus you need. Go too far in one direction, and you'll find yourself unable to train key skills when you need them.  Also, while there is marriage in the game, this isn't a dating sim, so these really exist to add flavor text to the epilogue. The sweetest options are Briony (though it is hard to keep her alive)  and Evrard, though my favorite is ""romancing"" Brin and marrying her brother. That one's awesome.The only thing I don't love about this game are the aesthetics, which have far too many pink hearts for my taste, but the interesting and fun gameplay more than make up for that. And honestly, I've love a sequel where we get to play Elodie again and help her through her first year as queen or one of her children."
,Recommended,251990,19536096,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Karma,"Frustrating but fun. I still haven't gotten an ending I really like but hey, I sure have managed to die in a lot of interesting and fun ways. Magi-splosion might have been my favorite death. Good game for anyone who liked the Princess Maker series and likes interesting visual novels that don't revolve around romance and which have many plot points you get to affect and change. But on the same note, can be frustrating for some because you can die for strange reasons and find out later you could have been saved by something that it would have been impossible to make a logical connection between. For example, how would learning to train hunting hounds save you from being poisoned with a gift? Either way, still a fun game."
76561198093834835,Recommended,251990,17745292,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mammothliplip,"This game is not in any way an Anime!! The opening screen may be misleading for some peope but it is not what it seems to be. The only part that I am sad about is that the game itself is pretty short, it took me 3 hours to complete 1 playthrough of it but i only had like 5 or 7 percent of the achivements. It has so much replay value since there are so many routes you can take in the game. You can almost never get bored of this game!"
,Recommended,251990,17860325,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,CodeName_47,Funny and good game.
,Recommended,251990,17825426,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,KyleMcCloudSr,"As odd as I found myself buying this game (I almost never watch anime or anything like it), it actually is pretty interesting.Basically you get to play the ""pretty pretty princess"" and as they call it, it is a Sansa Stark sim...well more like a female Joffrey sim...well...It's actually none of those. It's probably one of the darkest (but for all the right reasons) games I think I've ever played. The story is very branching and loose and has everything to do with what YOU choose to do. Even something as simple as managing a certain event differently can have DIRE consequences.The main thing you do in the game is basically play Elodie, a Princess of a fictional country called Nova as you try to survive multiple assassination attempts, wars (both civil and uncivil), political intrigues/plots and other stuff.The main thing I can say about this game is this: WHY IS CRUSADER KINGS 2 NOT LIKE THIS GAME???Even though this game is literally 58 MB (yes it's even smaller than Star Wars Dark Forces) it feels like a much larger game, with a lot of options to choose from and even quite a few endings to find, which sometimes are hard to find because of the complicated nature of the game that really lends to being replayed just to see it the whole way through.The main way you influence stuff is you train Elodie with various tutors that educate her in mostly real life skills like court protocol and public speaking (important if you actually want to look the part), military and weapons skills, political intrigue, history, economics etc. You can even get Jedi-like powers and win most of the game by blasting people with magic. It's tons of fun.Did I mention this game is more of an RPG than CK2???Not that I hate CK2...well...at least it has combat...kind of...and...mongols.In all seriousness though, I was surprised how well fleshed out the game was - every option is worthwhile just to see what it does and how it affects the storyline.The characters are rich and realistic (wow) and they even have the penultimate theme of the ""old tyrants of europe"" - ""God Save the King/Queen/Czar/Tsar/Kaiser/etc."" as the menu theme in a nice piano solo. Nice touch. That alone made me want to play.The only problem I had with the game was the lack of physical character customization (besides different outfits). I wish you could play as a prince or princess (like Fable III), but then again the game would then be called Long Live The Whatever, so I guess that wouldn't have worked XD.Very Impressive.10/10P.S. That's very high praise from me because I love games where you play as the nobility (like Fable, Dragon Commander and CK2). As far as I'm concerned, this is easily a great, if not an excellent game."
,Recommended,251990,12231565,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,QP - The Pudding Deity,"Very fun. Many, many different paths you can take as well."
76561198034468747,Recommended,251990,13733768,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gumpy,I failed a flattery test and insulted a woman by telling her that she had huge breasts. 10/10 babbeeeeee
,Recommended,251990,12202712,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dark_CallMeLord,10/10 play this game! wonderfull in all its way.Great story!Great Artwork!Amazing Characters!!A must buy indead!
,Recommended,251990,15940455,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Fezzes,"I don't know why.. but this game gives me certain ""roguelike"" vibe.It was my first VN ever and I don't regret playing it even a bit.This game opened the whole VN world for me.It's kinda difficult at first IMO (might be my inexperience in these kinda games too)most of the characters are pretty personal and I like the theme even though I'm not avid fan of sword and sorceryor medieval stuff.+ for pink headed princess protagonist :PBut Elodie.. It's really common sense not to push arrow, that has pierced your side, deeper.."
,Recommended,251990,17493318,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Awoo,You can save your kingdom by singing to a man and then burn your peasants alive when they try to revolt.12/10 would bipolar again
,Recommended,251990,17436924,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kendrick Lamar,I ain't even a weaboo but this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets me hard as ♥♥♥♥ 14/10
,Recommended,251990,17496502,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hastur,Don't let your 12 year old Waifu eat the chocolate.
,Recommended,251990,17499609,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,guthrie,Don't stress  too much about your choices. You're almost certainly wrong.
76561198154162162,Recommended,251990,17561904,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,lsalsburysmith,i beat its hard but fun i hope more things like this
76561198081999903,Recommended,251990,17529880,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Coec15324,Pretty Princess Dress-up Simulator is fun for all.8/10
76561198193769282,Recommended,251990,17545375,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,connor1504,Best magical girl/game of thrones crossover
76561197983253220,Recommended,251990,8436853,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Paradigm Shifter,"An increasingly common RenPy based social-sim type game, with medieval intrigue and general nastiness dressed up in some remarkably pretty anime artwork and a ""magical girl""-type motif... deeply quirky but amusing. The music does get a little repetitive, however, which is a shame as it puts me off really trying to get all the various achievements and death routes through the game.Still, a worthwhile purchase I feel for anyone who just wants to play through what basically amounts to an electronic ""choose your own story"" book. I admit I do find these oddly compelling at times - some of the quirks and plot curveballs that can get thrown in can really catch you out."
,Recommended,251990,29836636,Posted: 10 February,all,Loy Hwon,"This game reminds me of a choose your own adventure book.I give this game a 3.9/5.I play this when I'm waiting for champion selects in League, waiting for friends/family, etc."
,Recommended,251990,26957781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,toaster,"Dormammu, I've come to bargain"
,Recommended,251990,20070816,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Xenithiagen,"played it a little, seems okay"
,Recommended,251990,21672527,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Schwick,"Sorry bois, she's only 14"
,Recommended,251990,20897320,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sherika,get killed sim 2k1610/10 dead moms
,Recommended,251990,20366779,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,A Cute Kitty,"Simply put, it's like shoving all your pride and scraps of compassion into your manhood(or ladybits) and then forcing it through a meatgrinder coated with battery acid with elevator music in the background. All for a blank slate character that FOLLOWS EXACTLY what you tell her to do, to her success or various unfortunate ends. Yes, she dies. Alot. In really ingenious ways with a little bit of dark humor caption on the side.If you happen to find this game somewhere in the bowels of the Steam Store.... Consider buying this if the following suits your fancy.1. All text w/ voice acting as from what I can remember.2. Replay value? Tremendously high, given how nearly every skill has its own use somewhere in the game. (Lots of Endings, mostly bad for you and your pupil though)3. Heavy text: You will need to memorize things over a long period of time.4. Failures are always present. You'll likely lose and start over doing the same pattern while slightly changing your strategy to see if you can persevere.5. Difficulty: It's Hard. REALLY FREAKING HARD. YOU WILL DIE, and there are ACHIEVEMENTS for dying in certain ways.It's like Dark Souls, but your ability to dodge roll, parry, and block are gone. You need to keep notes for your actions, and therefore devise a strategy.My experience? I haven't beaten this game. I've only gotten so far, and then got off'd because I neglected a certain skill that I could have taken WAY in the beginning of the game.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off eventually, and I gave up because I'm a Casul.And also, Have fun creating a manipulative monster, a military savant, a magical (yes magical) sorcerer chick with a fondness for incineration, or.... someone who marries into a stronger family to secure her social ties and hires assassins to clean up any opposition; ( of which there is ALOT)"
76561198066317804,Recommended,251990,16358785,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,sdaniaal,"My maiden Voyage, so to speak, was quite enjoyable; i direprected my mums best friend, various nobles & a prince asking for my hand in marriage. Studying diligently in the subtle arts of expression to reduce my anxiety, although dabbling with weapons and military affairs it was inevittible that i would succumb to an untimely death involving being shot by badits. No doubt my obiturary would follow with ""in her final moments , with shrewd determination, using the arrow imbued within her by bandits the late queen peirced herself .""Seriouslyweek 28 out of 10"
76561198219804399,Recommended,251990,26156491,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,cbfont01,"This is one of my all time favorite games. After a while, you learn to recognize most of what will kill you and it isn't hard to get crowned. What is hard is getting all the achievements. There are so many hidden scenarios that you have to pick the right classes at the right time as well as have the right personality to get to. Of course, how well you learn depends on your mood and you still need to learn specific skills to stay allive. Want to increase your cruelty? Execute a few people then visit the dungeons and laugh. If you are really stuck, there are plenty of walk-throughs to get the achievement. You can skim the walk-throughs and try it on your own....and die a couple times. Also, you can be boring and follow the walk-throughs exactly, but really why play the game if you aren't going to enjoy it? Another plus is the 10 save slots so that when you die you don't have to start from the very beginning. You can save pretty much constantly. Buy this! It's a ton of fun, but not too pricey."
,Not Recommended,251990,15341466,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,dogger,wait why do i have this game
,Recommended,251990,8255197,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,xX-Mikuru Beam-Xx,"This is a really great game, dont be fooled by its cutesy looks, its a pretty challenging game that requires much thought to progress ^^ - Recommended"
,Recommended,251990,21608908,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,wolfthatwonders,"Very Fun, addicting, evertime i died wanted to reload a save try diffrent things and some crazy diffrent would happen. Or the same options were there at all. Which really keeps you guessing and trying new skill sets."
,Recommended,251990,10927751,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Katar,"CONTAINS MINOR SPOILERS BELOW:Long live the queen is a pretty fun little visual novel game set in a typical fantasy world with an Anime artstyle. You play the role of a 14yo girl tasked with becoming queen by her father after her mother has died. The basic format of the game is that you train skills during the weekdays that allow you to make and know better decisions when they're required while also managing the main characters emotions during the weekend.Saying that, if you're not intrested in political games(games where a main point is forming alliances, making unenviable decisions that will cause at least one or more parties to hate you, and dealing uprisings and betrayals) this game is not for you. There's no action, there's no shooting, there's just the text, art, and the consequences of your actions.One of the faults in this game I could find was that some of the skills that you can train seemed worthless and a waste of your time, or a choice game up that required a check in them once that was important to the story and never game up again(time and choosing the right skills to train is paramount in this game). For example, I wanted to become a warrior princess in one playthrough and lead with blood and strengh. I trained mostly in swords, military strategy, spying, and intrigue.  In the middle of the game, you find out you're a wizard and magic is 100x times better than any kind of swordplay. During a tournment, a master fencer jumps on stage and challenges you to a duel. You must have an extremly high skill rank in the sword level to be able to defeat him, but with just a moderate level in your magic skill, you can cause him to spontaneously combust, ending the duel right then and there.The game is fun, and has a charm with it's artstyle and sense of humor. If you have an intrest in fantasy, decision making, political intrigue then I would suggest picking this game up. Just make sure to train your intrigue skill to atleast 70 once so your character knows not to eat chocolates sent with no return adress by a nation that doesn't exist."
76561198037656177,Recommended,251990,10928929,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Otokogoroshi,"Do not let the cute looks fool you, this game is shockingly fun, not to mention addictive. It's also by no means easy, sure a lot of it is trial and error but it also requires a good amount of strategy. Don't let yourself get too frustrated when you die (and an adorable chibi version of your character pops up with the method of death, like a big old sword through the gut!), and you will die! Get it! 9/10"
,Recommended,251990,10409775,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,CHINESE MEMES ╬,I played this with my cousin. We failed almost everything up to the point where some other ruler started a civil war against up. Destroyed her army and cut her head off. Became hero of the land.Died to chocolate.19/10 would chocolate again.
,Recommended,251990,17240257,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Pink Fluffy Bunny,Writing skills + reviewing skills = failed12/10 would die again.
,Recommended,251990,10738782,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,meme,This game allows to kill 14 year old girl in hilarious ways! 10/10
,Recommended,251990,10778262,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Aoshi,Fun roguelike in text form.
,Recommended,251990,16407288,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,kgptzac,"Most of the existing reviews are pretty much spot on, so I’ll keep mine short:Pro:•	Elegant, intelligent and concise dialog and plot.•	Aesthetics are pleasing to the eyes.•	Fairly well done background music that enhances the experience instead of disrupting it.Cons:•	Lack of event CG at critical moments in the story which is expected in the genre.•	It can be confusing to choose which skill to study for getting better results at certain events.•	The story structure is extremely horizontal and can lead to very short play time if shooting for total completion.It is wholesomely important that you as a player enjoy collecting achievement-like things such as different ending or different ways to die, etc.  If you are such player, I think you'll love this game for the pirce it's asking.  On the other hand, if you like to roleplay ""my one and only self"" and are not very interested to explore branches of the story that *your princess* shouldn't be taking, then you probably end up finishing up the game very fast and wonder why the game is called ""Long Live"" the Queen, because the heroine really hasn't been that long.My final verdict is that this game has things that I really like, and things I really don't like.  It needs more polish and more user friendly systems that I'm afraid would be unrealistic to expect from the developers as of now.I would recommend this game, but only during a sale.Edited for elaboration."
,Recommended,251990,10889407,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cloverking,"I enjoy challenges as much as the next guy but HOLY HELL HOW DO I WIN THIS GAME!?IT'S LIKE A GETTING HIT BY ARROW SIMULATOR, EVERYTIME YOU TURN AROUND IT'S LIKE BAM. ARROW.EVERYBODY WANTS YOU DEAD AND I JUST WANT THE KAWAII LIL HIME-SAMA TO LIIIIIIIVE.PLEASE BUY THIS GAME AND HELP ME IN MY QUEST TO SAVE THE WAIFUS OF THE WORLD."
76561198060313219,Recommended,251990,9047062,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,spdenisemurphy,Addictive
,Recommended,251990,9071819,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,543R10CK,"I love this game, but I doubt many other people will. It's rather girly. It's really amazing if you ask me. It's just your own planning and choices. Don't expect much action or anything like that. Just expect a simple game with a simple goal: Survive. People are waiting to kill you and will if they get a chance. Learn from your mistakes!"
,Recommended,251990,9120342,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Atomic Kitsune,"Quite the interesting little sim, which you'll spend ages at pondering what you should be your next move.Spend time training your skills and dealing with noble plots, monsters, murderers, stupid peons etc... then suddenly die from eating chocolate laced with poison (because you thought training in swords was a better idea).Good little time sink :D"
,Recommended,251990,9051836,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,"Lary_""DU""_Fotze",its awesome
,Recommended,251990,9119189,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Radioactivep90,"Amazing, in all directions. I was kept entertained and determined to win. The ways she dies is both tragic and hilarous. The artwork is wonderful in this game."
76561198026713378,Recommended,251990,9082970,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Felix,"This game is hella' hard, the two best pieces of advice i can give are: dont EVER leave the castle and your mood is SUPER important."
,Recommended,251990,9101799,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,MarcinFatEmo,Must.... not.... killl.... cute.... girls....
,Recommended,251990,9121690,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Show Me What You Got,Awesome game. Would recommend to anyone.
76561198046126294,Recommended,251990,9131724,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Commander Nowak,This game is realy fun but you maybe questioning yourself if this is the right thing to do or not.10/10
,Recommended,251990,9132158,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Momo,"Holy cow this game is amazing. It's really hard to beat, but the it is still so much fun because I can never seem to stop playing it."
76561198064419193,Recommended,251990,9122884,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Hans-Jegier,Godam hard
76561198045813196,Recommended,251990,9123720,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,the_brian,"Fun, but short game. I recommend if you if you don't mind dying repeatidly."
,Recommended,251990,9129551,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kara Taggart,"If you like text based games, and don't mind some -tragedy- to go along with your cutesy anime characters, then this game is great to kill time on. Also, if you play this, make sure your queen isn't a dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ Otherwise you will die in painfully hillarious ways."
76561198039012460,Recommended,251990,9133771,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,"Demonlord, The One Who Knocks","It's a really cute little game that has it's moments of making you have warm fuzzy feelings about life and such. However, I really love how every descion will literally bring you closer to being the queen or your downfall."
,Recommended,251990,9135698,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jingle Balls the Beared Dragon,Its ok
,Recommended,251990,9050870,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Attarou,"Brief, but fun. Once you figure out how to avoid the death flags, it's just a matter of how you want to end the game."
76561198038905585,Recommended,251990,30119713,Posted: 23 February,all,Aestu,"The Ivanka Trump Principle""Long Live The Queen"" is the ""strong empowered woman"" narrative that no such PC game or celebrity is.It's also perhaps the only visual novel that isn't total junk, and the only game with a ""princess protagonist"" that plausibly captures the mental processes - and personal challenges - of a 14-year-old princess.The game seems to give life to the macabre world of Grimm Fairy Tales - one might say even lending stark insight into the origins of those childrens' stories. The excellent visual art, lighthearted soundtrack and whimsical humor are just icing on the cake.Surprisingly, yet predictably, ""Long Live The Queen"" is unpopular with the constituency it presumes to so brilliantly depict. And it's currently on sale on Steam for only five bucks!Favorite quote:""'The votes have been cast, and I remain Queen. And you remain a traitor to the realm. One who has just attempted to lead a coup. Your life will be your apology. GUARDS!'""After that, it seems that your remaining guests have little stomach for light entertainment."""
76561198069466219,Recommended,251990,34355300,Posted: 19 August,all,heavensolder,Had a lot of fun on this game.
76561198371694392,Recommended,251990,30445049,Posted: 11 March,all,就这样陌生,In addition to look not understand English but this is very nice!!
,Recommended,251990,25024648,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ace boi,If you want to be a pretty pink anime princess and die over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over then play this.
,Recommended,251990,20353331,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Vustex,"You think it's all cutesy, I mean she looks like Cardcaptor Sakura in the menu.And then you start the game, and it's Crusader Kings but as a visual novel. I keep wondering what the factions against me must look like when start messing up."
,Recommended,251990,13247987,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,A Livid Pile of Dirt,My conversation with my friend the last time I played this game*****: IS that like some weeaboo dating simPriad: Yes*****: I want itPriad: WellPriad: I'm a loli princessPriad: So farPriad: I have completed as true loli princessPriad: Magical loli princessPriad: Can't even think of the word I'm lookng forPriad:♥♥♥♥♥♥Priad: Its so easy tooPriad: Person with absolute powerPriad: Usually abuses it*****: Tyrant?Priad: YES*****: A loli tyrantPriad: MAGICAL LOLI TYRANT*****: lolPriad: I'M A ♥♥♥♥ING MAGICAL LOLI TYRANTPriad: I think I'm gonna use that as a review
,Recommended,251990,31739999,Posted: 13 May,all,MoonKitty<3,Great Game! :> So much fun!
76561198266269626,Recommended,251990,32064429,Posted: 30 May,all,Pixie,i love this gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198007026757,Recommended,251990,32083614,Posted: 31 May,all,KingJefrey,Short but fan. Reminds me of Princess Maker
76561198052291578,Recommended,251990,29160954,Posted: 10 January,all,remy get in the chefs hat,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251990,29079695,Posted: 6 January,all,thanbo,Don't look at the game's metacitic ratings.
,Recommended,251990,8426610,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,lil Joshu,"Definately a fun little gem. You take on the role of a princess who is to become queen in one year. There's a bunch of reasons (read: people) that indicate that you may not make it that long. Can you live long enough to become queen?Expect to die your first few playthroughs. There's multiple endings, but no real random chance (kind of a choose-your own story kind of method). Your only real choices in the game are those made available as your choices, and those unlocked by the skills you learn. (If you train to be a queen that's too dumb to think twice about eating potentially poisoned candy, expect to die from eating poisoned candy without getting a chance to think about it.)Honesty, this should be called a decision-based survival game."
76561198119599654,Recommended,251990,28092070,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ragesharkbritain,it took me 16 tries to get a successful no magic run games super biased to magic users anyway 10/10 im gonna punch julianna in the face
,Recommended,251990,8534412,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rabcor,"As long as you don't mind reading (all the narrative in this game apart from images is reading) and spending a minute or two figuring out how the skills system works you're going to have probably a decent 2-3 hours at least of solid entertainment out of this game.The 2-3 hours promised makes it worth it, considering it's gameplay is quite unique at least in the western game market.I gave it a thumbs up for the 3 hours, but after that it's likely going to become a bit shallow.First i will throw out my complaints about the game.The soundtrack that so many praise i actually hated. The game does not have an original title track, it has a piano version of the national anthem of England instead, this irritated me partially because it wasn't original, and partially because i thought it just wasn't well played and didn't fit the atmosphere of the menu at all.Next up when you reach the ""Elodie's Room"" screen where you will spend most of the game (usually thinking about what to do next) you get a 20 second piano music on loop, it's not so bad, but when you've heard it for the 3rd time (and yes, that takes only 1 minute to happen) you will most likely get tired of it and gradually start to hate it if you don't do something about it. My solution to this was to actually just mute my sound whenever i was on this screen until i stopped caring and was able to ignore it.Now the above soundtrack issue may or may not be a big deal to you, depends on how important the soundtrack is to you, but for me it was a huge deal and i almost dropped the game because of this stupid 20 second piano music loop. As with anything that's bad, if you withtake enough of it, you'll eventually stop caring and stop noticing it, like the sounds of your refrigerator.My second big complaint is that the story is for the most part linear, it makes sense that the start is always the same (have to start somewhere right?) but if i had been designing and/or coding this game, i would've at least tried to generate the story procedurally rather than just having a branching story which branches in the background depending on your actions. I.e. i would have wanted it to be slightly less hardcoded/linear. Once you've played through it once, you've got a good general idea of what is going to happen throughout the entire story for your second playthrough.My third complaint which perhaps breaks the game the most out of these three is how some skills have little or no effect. For example horseriding i hear only comes up once in the game, and i remember the only time i ever needed dog training skill was when i got poisoned by chocolate. (How on earth would being good at training dogs help me spot that the chocolate was poisonous? i don't know, but i died because i didn't have it.)My experience with Hanako Games is that they make games with great potential, but always manage to release a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥product somehow, they get some great ideas! seriously! but they never really ""complete"" them they don't seem to think everything through to the end, it's like they don't do any gameplay balancing. However for an indie developer maybe that is important since they after all do need to release the game at some point. Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥beats non-existent.Now for the compliments.For a visual novel the narrative and dialogue are short and very much straight to the point, this game doesn't waste your time and that's why it only gives 2-3 hours instead of 4-6, which is actually a blessing, not a curse (when it comes to visual novels, shorter is better unless the story just has so damn many events. If you're a programmer maybe you'll understand why shorter is better.)So yeah, this game really does not waste your time by making you do meaningless things, no ""pointless"" action or meaningless scenes.The gameplay is very fresh for the western gaming market, i'd like to see more games like this. An RPG where you raise your stats in order to prevent your own death, and hopefully win the game not worrying about leveling up. This game allows you to do all the fun parts of RPGs skipping the boring parts, or that's my opinion. Of course, the political parts of it do add a lot to the game where you have to make decisions and rule your kingdom, or the nobility of the kingdom anyways.The game somehow manages to make characters good with only a few sentences of dialogue from each,It's cheap, and well worth exactly it's price of no more or less than 10$.There are tons of different ways to die, three ways to be a lesbian and probably as many ways to be straight as there are to die.Like i said, if you don't mind the reading part and playing as a 14 year old princess, then you're in for a treat, this game is a must have for any gamer who actually thinks he'd like it. But the rule of thumb is, don't expect much. The game is very flawed, but at the same time really good, it's the different than usual style of gameplay that you willl want to savour here above all else. Enjoy it for what it is and not what you wish it was!But if you really want to play what you wish this game was rather than what it is, go download Ren'Py and build your own game with this style of gameplay, i'm not gonna say it's easy, but it most definitely is not hard. If yuo want to try that, then i wish you luck.Either way, have fun with this game! It has my stamp of approval."
,Recommended,251990,9251006,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sarda,"You play as a 14 year old girl with 40 weeks til her corronation to become queen; In that time i caused a civil wars for lolz, destroyed a entire fleet with a magic storm so powerful it summoned a kraken (which I sacrificed my cousin too), turned a female maid into my sex slave, executed about 20 random people including several entire noble familys down to the last child, feed a servant poisoned chocolates i was given by a random person that i knew were probably poisoned, humilated nobles constantly at balls by dancing with female commoners, got another noble girl killed and guilt tripped her mom and when her dad challenged me to a duel over it I just snapped my fingers and he immolated on stage infront of 100s of people and she threw a bond one-liner ""I decline."". Most badass 14 year old girl ever. ""God save us from the queen!"""
,Recommended,251990,16966683,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,chiffaa,"Very hardcore, but attractive game. Can't stop playing it, till earn all achievements and saw all finals."
,Recommended,251990,24528707,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MIPPI,Dark Souls 4: The Visual NovelNeeds more Hitler-moe-LoliIt's possible to finish the game (I've done it ONCE) but it's also possible to die irl playing this game ! xD
76561198039797784,Recommended,251990,19538639,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gnatz,"Funny game, yet frustrating and annoying at times but sooo worth it, like 30 tims tried to win and 30 times died. I keep getting tempted to get help from the net but its no fun that way, I think I got close ish when the chocolate came up. got there a few times.When on sale I recommend."
,Recommended,251990,16353495,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,mcshawarma,"One of the best hentai games out there. I love the emotional involvment in this wonderful kawaii game. I love the main character she is just like me. She wants to be the queen the mother of her country. She becomes too emotionally involved and wants to ♥♥♥♥ THE U♥♥♥♥ING BRAINS OUT OF THE KAWAII DUDE, OH GOD IT MAKE SME SO HORNYT BRING ME A KAWAA III SENPAAIII LADY PLS NOTICE ME. I WI LL FUICKIUNG INSERT MY SHAFT INTO U R ♥♥♥♥♥AFAGTTY"
,Recommended,251990,17279393,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,El Caballo de la Noche,The pretty princess dress-up video game/rpg.So glorious.
,Recommended,251990,10874905,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Creamy Supreme,ですちゃんは、我々は信頼する。KAWAII 「画像掲示板」「ちゃん」SENPAI「だんぼおる」「アニメ表」「曲リクエスタ」NIPPON ですちゃんは、我々は信頼する。ですちゃんは、我々は信頼する。ANIME ですちゃんは、我々は信頼する。BANZAI 「だんぼおる」「アニメ表」「曲リクエスタ」GOTY 10/10
,Recommended,251990,21996915,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Nineteenth & Mia,There's no middle ground on Steam.It's either you like it /recommend or hate it/ don't recommend.I'm mixed on this.I don't hate it. But it's really not for everyone and the stat system is borked. Not kind of borked. Massively borked.  It's either you're going to end up in an unwinnable situation very easily or you'll easily pass every situtation every time.
,Recommended,251990,22285101,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,AresApollo,Dont let all this Pink Fool youThe Game is pretty Rad
,Recommended,251990,22763667,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hawke,"The best VN I've played on Steam so far.There are an interesting story, a badass (or dead) protagonist and only player's choices and stats vs. environment, as fair as Dark Souls."
,Recommended,251990,11766464,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Princess Azula,It's so addicting. Great game 9/10
,Recommended,251990,11383665,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Gáe Bulg,;>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
76561198077897997,Recommended,251990,17697033,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,klacoste,"Strongly recommended! This is basically a Princess Maker clone, but just as entertaining. The goal is to survive for 40 ""weeks"" (or turns) without dying. Make it, and your princess becomes a queen. You get the option of training your princess  in various skills like weapons, economics, intrigue, magic etc."
76561198219815168,Recommended,251990,26104749,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ssaul4,"ALRIGHT LISTEN UP MOTHER %^&*() THIS AIN'T YOUR DADDY'S TETRIS! THIS IS RUNNING A GOD %$#^ KINGDOM! IT'S SERIOUS  %#$%@ BUSINESS! YOU'VE GOT MOTHER  %^&*% TRYING TO MURDER YOU BEFORE YOU TAKE THE THRONE AND ONE SHOT AT GLORY! Kidding aside this is a pretty fun experience, reminds me of those choose your own adventure books. Plenty of replay value and well worth checking out, interesting story that changes based on how you play so unlike M.E. your choices actually matter lol."
,Recommended,251990,8733955,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,SquidNeko,Got a great first experience and is very fun.All the money worth it allready. :3
,Recommended,251990,10883660,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,dande313,"I supressed my pesants with powerful magics, slew an army of my foes, mercilessly executed the most innocent, and at last was poisoned with a box of chocolates. Curse my feminine weakness!!!"
,Recommended,251990,10861163,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lollirot,"Not your typical game. It was actually a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get through. Which by reading about it, one would think it was a piece of cake."
,Recommended,251990,11286156,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,X F R I M \\気持ち悪い\\,"Concentrated on every other skill except anything magic related.Few days later a sorcerer leads an army through my kingdom, enters my castle, kills the king then kills the princess with magic.11/10 expect frickin anything"
,Recommended,251990,9416440,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,gavweb123,"funny not too graphical though a lil to girly for my liking but still fairly reasonably apropiate still ill have to rate it a 12+ for certain scenarios where the game desribes the many different ways for the princess to die aswell as other plot twist,s 7/10 for the humour still it is a good game regardless"
,Recommended,251990,7636484,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Vox Chaotica,"It's like Dark Souls, except you are the little girl.You are going to die. You are going to die so many times. With each death, you learn something new to progress *slightly* further into the game.But you will still die. It is inevitable.10/10 indie game, requires strategic time management, Elodie is quality Magical Girl Waifu."
,Recommended,251990,7611377,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,GameDragonZero,"""Long Live The Queen"" is a fusion of visual novel, choose your own adventure, stat-based roleplay, and a hint of the roguelike death factory.  The game concept is simple: by chosing training, social events, and in-game choices you try to guide Princess Elodie to her coronoation following her mother's most untimely death.  The pretty graphics, cute outfits, and anime-esque drama is just the pink icing on a dark chocolate cake of strategy, deceit, moral choices, and of course lots and lots of death.  Getting the Princess to coronation is a tough job, and you might need to murder a few relatives, marshal magic, lead an army, or simply lie like crazy.  On top of the fast play and fun is a complex world of politics that's equally intriguing.  If you like a story-driven choice game and don't mind a high body count, this may be for you!"
,Recommended,251990,29074801,Posted: 6 January,all,Spookypants,"So this is a game about training your little girl to become queen, alriiight..Well, queens need to be able to defend themselves, so i'll stick with.. Reflexes, and archery for long ranges.""Princess! Please fund me so i may invent the printing press!"" [ECONOMICS CHECK = FAILED]Uhh.. I don't know anything about economics, go away..More archery, more reflexes!""Princess Elodie, please attend this ball!""[ELEGEANCE = FAILED. PRESENCE = FAILED. COURT MANNERS = FAILED.]Whatever.. It doesn't matter, reflexes and archery..""Princess Elodie, our nation is entering a sort of economic crisis.[ECONOMICS = FAILED]Uhhh.. Reflexes and archery?""Princess Elodie, please attend your friend's birthday party, she is to become a dutchess""Sure!""Next week.""I will spend that week levelling up.. Reflexes, and archery!""The caravan is attacked by bandits! An arrow pierces through the caravan!""OH. HELL. YES.[REFLEXES + ARCHERY = FAILED. YOU DIE.]♥♥♥♥ YOU. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. ♥♥♥♥ BOTH REFLEXES, AND ARCHERY."
,Recommended,251990,10873078,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Brutal Ass Master,Loli Simulator 2013
,Recommended,251990,10865532,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"while its refreshing and reminiscent of the old princess games, this one is more ´hardcore´, but its ultimately limiting, while the  game stands out from the grey masses its nothing spectacular 5/10 overall but its at least original."
,Recommended,251990,12184095,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Thigh Pacifist,"Work of Art, no western game can come close to its perfection...."
76561198112059304,Recommended,251990,11982808,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pannacone,"Little girls dream of being queens—but ruling a kingdom is harder than you would think. Long Live the Queen is a cute visual novel that combines elements from tabletop strategy games with in-depth stat building to create a choose-your-own-adventure journey to queendom. The road to rulership is never easy, though, and players of Long Live the Queen will find themselves dazzled by a vast array of possible death scenarios and addicted to the thrill of finding new strategies to overcome obstacles.As Crown Princess Elodie, you spend the majority of Long Live the Queen choosing how to spend your valuable time in weekly classes that boost Elodie's various stats. Each week allows you to choose two classes to take, some of which will boost Elodie's softer skills (like conversation, royal demeanor, history, and medicine) while others will add points to more aggressive skills (such as weapons, intrigue, and military knowledge). The broad scope of skills and abilities allows for many styles of play: perhaps you'll choose to be a fierce warlord who is skilled with a sword or maybe you'll choose to be a radiant debutant with the manners of a young socialite. Both strategies are viable options in Long Live the Queen, and the endless amount of weekly options makes for varied strategies and approaches.In between times spent studying, Elodie will be given the option to attend various events, pass judgment on people of her kingdom, and pass laws and taxes. Players can start wars, behead criminals, break betrothals, and challenge opponents to duels. The player is frequently presented with skill checks and decisions that, depending on Elodie's ability to pass or fail these checks and your choices of actions and dialogue, can change the course of Elodie's story and, yes, even lead to her untimely death!In sum, Long Live the Queen is a wonderful little casual game meant for those who are attracted to visual novels with strong elements of strategy to them. Its large number of choices lends itself well to several playthroughs, especially for those seeking to collect Long Live the Queen's achievement for discovering all eleven ways to die. Unlocking the tragic story of the death of Elodie's mother (and getting revenge for her demise!) is an experience that demands recommendation."
,Recommended,251990,13827362,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,FLFL KoiKois,I AM THE TRUE MAGICAL GIRL LESBIANSUCK IT MADOCA MAGICAAnyways this game is all about finding the best way to die.And yknow all that fancy royalty stuff.The real interesting gameplay is trying to win with little effort into winning.
,Recommended,251990,12986686,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kutekweer,"Long Live The Queen is an excellent and essential entry to the ""Idol Raising"" genre of simulation games. Long Live The Queen deviates from your typical fare of Idol Raising in that you are grooming a young lady not for stardom, but for ruling a kingdom. The paths you can take and the chances for personal growth in Princess Elodie are vast and varied. You can, up to a point, end up playing vastly different games each time you play. What is a smart way to survive one point in the game could be disastrous in another.The solutions to problems can be both fairly straight forward or way out of left field. A singing voice which through most of the game had been useless, can save your kingdom. The character interactions are satisfying and also heavily rely upon your stats, opening or closing both friendly and romantic options in people. Long Live The Queen allows you to not only play as a straight princess, but as a bisexual or lesbian one, even as a polyamourous one. You can also chose to ignore romance entirely. Aside from romance, on the platonic side Princess Elodie can turn most anyone wo appears into an ally, or an enemy who will attempt to kill her.A satisfying experience all around, Long Live The Queen is a complex but not terribly long game if you're looking to just beat it once. It's strength lies in the sheer difficulty it takes to survive and the myriad of endings."
,Recommended,251990,12319233,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Der Kindred,Little adorable girl who can chew bubble gum and kick♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198087979217,Recommended,251990,11624497,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KnightGalavant,"Like others have mention, the first few hours are trial and error. It takes some patience to see which choices are most beneficial. This game showed how challenging living as a Queen was. Every choice and stat that I chose for the Queen would determine how long the Queen would survive. Sadly, it is VERY challenging to keep the Queen alive. The first five tries cause my princess to met her end really quickly. One example would be chocolates. The Queen did not have a high enough skill like Court Manners so the game automatically chose for the Queen to eat the chocolates. The kicker was that the chocolates were poison! ALWAYS AVOID THE CHOCOLATES!Furthermore, the Queen has to decide between the balance of the nobles and commoners. Sometimes, assassins could sneak up behind the Queen so caution is always stressed. It is mind-blowing how it makes me analyze which choices would lead to a better outcome. It makes me always think ahead of a strategy and beware of the choices that can the princess killed.Overall, the game is great. However, it is even better with the music. Sure, the music can be muted, but the experience of being Queen is further enhanced by the music. Emotions flowed in and help me feel what the Queen was feeling at each scenario. Definitely recommend this game!Rating: 10/10 (100%)Achievements: 34/39 (87%)Game Done."
,Recommended,251990,11294246,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,☠ Flexgar ☠,"After being burned, shot, stabbed, snape’ed (killed by magic), and poisoned by mail order chocolate, I’ve come to terms that I might not be royalty material.This game has a steep enough learning curve that victory on a first try (without a guide) is unlikely, but I love it for that very reason.I recommend it."
,Recommended,251990,11507623,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Fliss The Fluffy,"Do not let any preconceptions about this game steer you away from it. I thought it was just going to be another interactive story and I'd get bored with it after a couple of runs. I was wrong.You take on the role of Elodie, a Queen to be after the death of her mother. Her 15th birthday (and coronation) is round the corner but before she can get there, she has to deal with the day to day life of being the leader of a nation. Now I don't know if you're aware of this, but it's not easy to be a figurehead when you're only 14. You have classes to attend after all.Each week, you choose two classes you want to study. One in the mornings and one in the evenings. These classes give you skills you use to progress in the story and determine what path it follows. In addition, the increase to your skills is determined by your mood, which you can modify each weekend by choosing a certain activity. Eight different moods all affect various classes in either a positive or negative way. So choose your classes carefully to maximise your boosts. Alternatively you can choose to focus on certain classes despite the negative impact (since the more you study a class, the more points you gain in it).While this may sound like it gets boring after a while, bear in mind that the number of paths you can follow in this game is HUGE! You can have multiple different outcomes for a single event in the story and each outcome can influence further outcomes far down the line that you don't even know about yet. Especially since it's not just the classes that determine how the story progresses, but also the choices you make outside of class.Oh and here's another incentive. Getting to the end of the game is hard. The goal is to make it to Elodie's coronation but here's the problem. A lot of things are out there to kill her before she makes it there. You will find it hard to avoid every single death scene and in order to make it to the end, you will need to go through several runs to prepare for what will be thrown at you. Instinct alone cannot help you beat this game.Long Live Queen Elodie!"
,Recommended,251990,11279217,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TrickedFaith,SHort but addicting visual novel. Defintely worth a pickup during sales.
,Recommended,251990,11230498,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,jak113420,"Long live the queen is strangely addicting... It has many different choices, multiple paths and a strangely large variety of choices. I purchased this to troll myself and stiull havent beat it. I strongly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,251990,11355137,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,"I'm not Kevin, I'm Blevin.",♥♥♥♥in Chocolates every time. This game is brutal de to the ♥♥♥♥ing poisinous chocolate. 10/10 would bang again!!!
76561198255788023,Recommended,251990,23452140,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,farrey10garvey,Disney dark souls
,Recommended,251990,11445435,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ALL SONS OF OLD GODS...DIE!!,I'm just happy it exists.
76561198098298551,Recommended,251990,12756995,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,KindredOfDust,"Quickly got bored witht his game. Cute, good art, but tiring to play for more than a half hour."
76561198006487288,Not Recommended,251990,19424949,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,I feel it now,trash
76561198003313312,Recommended,251990,7777387,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Moe Dog,"Good concept with some really interesting gameplay. However the game ends before it really hits full swing. It feels like you've just finished the tutorial when suddenly it's all over. All the characters give the impression there is a lot more too them than what you first discover and there is a sense that you're only just begin to understand the game world but it disapears before you ever get to explore it. That being said, there is a lot of replay value for the achievement hunter."
,Recommended,251990,7627593,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,JE17,"Short, but fun and amusing. Do not eat the chocolates."
,Recommended,251990,11961966,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mira♡,such a lovely gameeee i love u queeeeeen:)
76561198008182182,Recommended,251990,7899754,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TimeZeroHour,"Ye that play this game keep in mind it will grab you with golden chains that drag you down in to, I have also never played a game like this before. It is a very one of a kind game worth the 10$."
,Recommended,251990,26894059,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,steezy,"Your choices matter. A game that might make you say ""REally?!"""
,Recommended,251990,11298934,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Warboys,"If you're looking for a royalty themed simulation without the crushing depth of Crusader Kings, then Long Live The Queen is the game for you.Don't let the artwork fool you, this is a pretty serious game that keeps you thinking all the time. It's crushingly hard (I've played about 12 times and just can't f*ckin win!!!!) but very addictive."
,Recommended,251990,16122347,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Schmoozer Loser,Long Live the Queen AKA How Many Ways a Queen Can Diethe answer is a lot
76561198048330708,Not Recommended,251990,25353602,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,anotherHel,"expected more plot, romance, intrigue...Fun little game tho"
,Not Recommended,251990,19987447,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BeastBoy,"Don't get me wrong it's pretty entertaining. And the situations and choices are cool/plenty.This game is pretty redundant though. I don't mind the music that much but I can see how it'll annoy people.The price is way too high though for what this game is. It is not worth 10$ or even 7$ maybe for 2$The thing is, after 2-3 playthroughs you've pretty much expended all the game play.It's a cute game, and it's entertaining, but spend your money on something else that has a higher replay value.I'm going to look up some guides/hints, but after I get the achivements there won't be any replay value for me."
76561197978508290,Not Recommended,251990,8484855,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jlo2513,"This game can be a but ridiculous at times, due to the necessary skills needed for certain events, as well a the amount of skills you can pour points into. However, it does hold your interest for a bit of time, and makes you want to reload a previous save to see how that can effect the outcome of a particular event.The music is quite repetative, and the art does look a bit wonky though."
76561197961914449,Not Recommended,251990,16414506,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Quenchiest,random death conditions that you need trial and error to forsee. yeah...
76561197963397989,Not Recommended,251990,7650995,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Kyrandos,"I'm not afraid to admit it. I loved the Princess Maker games. This is not one of them. This is a very bad, linear series of questions and answers while you arbitrarily raise skills in hopes of succeeding the surrounding skillchecks. Occassionally, the game kills you. There is no addictive gameplay mechanic here that Princess Maker had. Only the embarassment of playing a game about a pretty pink princess."
,Recommended,251990,9618393,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,peep911,"Trial and Error game, don't let the art style fool you, and great music.9 dead Elodie's out of 10Would die again."
76561198073559617,Recommended,251990,25240438,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rouge Pearl,"A long time ago long live the queen ruled my existenceIt was MY QUEENi couldnt leave my computer for fear Elodie would dieI had to leave it open 24/7 or else Elodie would dieMy friends tried to skype me, but I couldnt leave the windowOne day my family had enough and shipped me off to a mental hospitalI spent one year recoveringI  S E E  H E R  I N  M Y  S L E E P"
76561197997439296,Not Recommended,251990,16537233,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,merusalem,"The idea behind the game is to make important decisions on each turn. That is a great concept.Unfortunately, you do not have the faintest chance to know how the decisions you make will affect the future. This is very, very bad.So, if you do not just get frustrated and stop playing, you will need to save the game on each turn and frequently restore the saves, once you find that the game would have required you to go left, instead of right. The game is unforgiving in many cases, and you will be punished for not doing something for which the game did not give the slightest hint."
,Recommended,251990,8861658,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lady Mint,"The music is very nice, class outfits are adorable as well. Gameplay was fun with your mood affecting your skill learning and text could be skipped easily so you don't have to read the same thing over and over again when you die. (Which happens a lot.) Has a steep difficulty curve due to you being able to be killed at a moments notice due to not passing a certain skill check, although the game has plenty of replay value to make up for that."
,Recommended,251990,11902368,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Tally,like dark souls but cuter
76561198098582347,Not Recommended,251990,17886237,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,foxinsox2,"It's like beating your face against a brick wall covered in pink satin.But it's so close to being fun!  All it needs are a few genuinely random events to add variety, and a narrative that branches out based on your decisions, rather than railroading the player from one plot point to the next.Can't recommend, except as a timekiller at  a very low price."
,Recommended,251990,12067444,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,evil morty,it's okay
,Not Recommended,251990,14736688,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CaffeineMachine,There isn't a whole lot going on in this game. It's pretty much just timed events with targeted stat checks. Little to no replayability value other than seeing the varying endings. Online guides pretty much make this game a single track pony.
76561198089286244,Not Recommended,251990,21435544,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,fireeyes2899,"I loved the old Princess Maker series and was excited to see this game, but it seemed it lacked the broad endings that the originals processed. Was a decent game just too easy. The game needs more ending options. My opinion is that its not worth $10, maybe $5 instead."
76561198042456461,Recommended,251990,7993528,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SprinkleSoup,"What appears overly sugar-coated at first is actually a fascinating game of numbers, strategy, and death.Playing as your little princess may seem easy at first, but when you are the only thing standing between someone else and the crown, think again.The game works by choosing what you wish for your princess to study, and from the screenshots you can see there is quite a variety. You can't learn them all, and you never know which skill might save your life.Be a magic girl, be a historian, be a brutal warlord, the choice is yours!This game is reasonably priced and will likely be a game you play when you need a break from others. Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who loves some good ol' stat management strategy set in a deliciously cutesy looking world that is darker than meets the eye!"
,Recommended,251990,9674364,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,conninator,"A true step up from the previous games in the FPS genre, Long Live the Queen excels over its competitors with immersive gun customization, endearing characters, and fun online multiplayer. LLtQ's action is like no game before it, combining Assassin's Creed-esque parkour physics with a Borderlands-esque level-up system. The mixture of Long Live the Queen's charming personality and fun, fast-paced FPS action lets it rise over Call of Duty and Battlefield as one of the most iconic FPS games of all time."
76561197977069906,Recommended,251990,15755364,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,"Very pretty, no skill required.  10/10."
76561198161696496,Not Recommended,251990,15983131,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gulans.P,Too short.Too primitve.Story uninteresting.Too much black box - action-reaction chains has to be gathered by repeated playthroughs or just plain dumb web search (second option basically destroys any need or wish to play game further).
76561198009202562,Recommended,251990,23966386,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gronono,I died. A lot.  lots of fun.
,Recommended,251990,20715394,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Monsta X,Game of Thrones Simulator puts you into the role of a girl becoming the queen and ruling the empire
,Recommended,251990,11055813,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bosh,"IT'S NOT A PHASE MOM, THIS IS WHO I REALLY AM INSIDE"
76561197979875574,Recommended,251990,28606065,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"This is a gem.No, really.  I bought it on sale, thinking it'd be some princess maker clone but this is far, far superior.  There are so many outcomes, decisions you take return to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥  It is simply put, amazing.  The replay value is stellar too and at this price, it should be in anyone's libraries."
,Recommended,251990,19467782,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SkylarGirl73,"This game has been a joy to play.  It's witty, funny, and has immense replay value.  You'll die often and in many ways.  Each time you choose a skill to train you're making small changes in how the game's outcome presents itself.  Each game can be different."
,Recommended,251990,16356718,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,⎛⎛Jofer⎞⎞,Fun story based game with lots of choices that affect that outcome :)
76561198039297072,Recommended,251990,21326322,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,andrej,Game of Thrones meet Princes Peach
76561198148160070,Recommended,251990,23104285,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Eleventh Doctor,How to get your princess killed simulator. That is until you became good enough at it or just go read a walkthrough. Died dozens of times before finally getting 1 good ending . Still working up the determination for another playthrough :( .Still fun though :3.
,Not Recommended,251990,11322698,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,[LUE] SwiftCrack,"Not my game, if you like anime it might interest you. It is a visual novel type game, so be warned for speeding up dialogue and clicking the same thing over and over."
,Recommended,251990,7624460,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,makatakaba,"So I executed a few innocent citizens, abused my servants, started an international incident, sent soldiers off to die in a war i wasn't prepared for, ruined the economy, and was culturally insensitive to visitors...I did not deserve to die in that dungeon for laughing at my prisoner.Life is hard for the beautiful people."
,Recommended,251990,13269255,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The Vicious Snake,I can be the princess I always dreamed of being.
,Recommended,251990,7616074,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Four Bit Thug,this game makes my brain hurt
,Recommended,251990,12232715,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Shirsh,"Суровая игра для суровых поцонов!:                         Serious game for serious men!:- завышай налоги, зажигай на балах!                      - Raise taxes, rule parties!- рази непокорных, груби старшим!                         - Crash enemies, be rude with homies!- рубись на мечах, подсылай киллеров!                  - Fight with swords, assign the asassins!- падай из окна, изучай магию                                  - Fall from windows, study magic!- жуй шоколад, получай стрелу в %spoiler%!           - Eat the chocolate, took an arrow in the %spoiler%!- ласкай собачку, командуй флотом!                       - Pet the puppy, be in command on the sea!- плети интриги, иди к успеху!                                 - Win or Die! Instantly!"
,Recommended,251990,12354922,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,olamedia,"A little short, but it has a lot of story branches and 11 ways to die. Nice game."
,Not Recommended,251990,17633235,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,(((Semyon The Great))),How is this dark souls or even at least a game when I haven't even died? A true bosnian wizard with the wisdom of falcon can't even get injured.
,Not Recommended,251990,9113239,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Eddie Spaghetti,"The story's alright. Pretty cute, mostly sad, sweet at times. The biggest problem is that there's no real way to play it unless you break out a strategy guide to figure out how weekend activites affect mood, how moods affect skills and what skills you need for the next part of the story. You could be doing pretty well and have princess Elodie die because the game decided you didn't have enough flower arranging skills. It's a game about planning, not like... actual gameplay."
76561198000649380,Recommended,251990,7605779,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Khy,Make a contract.  Save the universe.
,Recommended,251990,10890054,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DarkGenex,"MOST FIRE GAME OF 2015""BASED"" - LIL B""THIS GAME ALMOST AS QUALITY AS KANYE"" - KANYE WEST""UM"" - TREVOR ""818730""""THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; - ABSTRACT ""METS"" DEER99 DYING FALCONS/4 CRYSTALS EXTREMELY HARDCORE PACK UP ON THE DEWS AND DORITOES YOU'LL NEED THEM TO BEAT THIS MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,251990,8559336,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sekkuar666,"You either die a princess, or live long enough to see yourself become an evil queen."
,Not Recommended,251990,13652545,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,shmittreuben,"Honestly pretty disappointing. Skill point allocation doesn't alter the plotline a great deal, although some optional checks do reveal more about the story later on. The unavoidable chokepoints necessitate passing a check in a few very specific areas, and can't be significantly altered; in addition, the areas required to pass these chokepoints are often contrived, and the immediately relevant skills are usually meaningless. It feels like the player needs to keyhole their moves into one of a few set solutions in order to progress. Less Sansa Stark simulator and more dress-up simulator.4/10 MC is still a qt."
76561198000116925,Not Recommended,251990,8514407,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Red Rider,"Long Live the Queen is a RPG on rails, stripped of almost everything but the character sheet. All events are scripted and will play out the same way on each play though. Your ""choices"" can take you down a slightly different path where skill checks will vary.The challenge in this game is in documenting the various skill checks that come up as a result of the choice tree. Once you know what skills you need for a certain ending you just need to replay the game to get your skills up to the minimum level to pass the various checks.The anime style art work didn't help the game, but a least it was consistent. But if you like seeing a cartoon 15 year old girl who is drawn like she's 12, and acts like shes 10, dress up in skimpy outfits, this game might be for you.TL;DR: RPG with only the character sheet; get your perv on."
,Recommended,251990,11053109,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Beatnik-Filmstar,"I don't know what I'm doing, but I execute everyone possible, act like a jack♥♥♥♥♥and get killed.  Everytime.  Who wants to be a queen anyway?"
,Not Recommended,251990,12048133,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Footissimo,"Disappointing ren'py sim.  Kinda feels like a choose-your-own-adventure - pick the wrong options and the game is finished.  To finish the game is pretty much trial-or-error and without the generous save slots, it'd be a rather frustrating affair.Graphics are, as you'd expect from the genre, limited.  Music loops far too quickly and does nothing to inspire.  For a couple quid and some rainy-day entertainment then it's fine..otherwise, avoid."
,Not Recommended,251990,24123685,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sushi,"I mean, the first couple of times the run throughs can be interesting but after a short while it gets boring."
76561198274536523,Not Recommended,251990,23236532,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,gagirl0211,"It may be fun for some, maybe most but i geuss this game was just... to difficult no matter what i did i died! but if you don't like it you can get a refund. maybe download it first and see"
76561198103370910,Not Recommended,251990,10237175,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,peacecuddlesandfood,"This game is frustrating and not worth the money. Got sword fighting up to 100? Still died in duel involving swords. They need to change the name to ""101 ways for the queen to die, no matter what you do."" After the sixth time through, I uninstalled. 1/2 a star... If that"
,Not Recommended,251990,8826432,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,mebs,"The mood system is weird and finicky, you have very little control over events and very little to do, all the events are scripted to happen the same way every time you play.If you want a game of this type, go play Princess Maker 2 on Dosbox. A 20 year old game from the same genre and vastly superior to Long Live The Queen."
,Not Recommended,251990,16403345,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Emotional Baggage,"Honestly, I came into this game expecting something a lot like Princess Maker 2, where I could have multiple options on how I want things to play out, and it would make me want to play again. I beat this game once, and have no interest whatsoever in doing another runthrough. The game is incredibly short, and the only reason I have the amount time I do is because there are multiple instances where if you don't level things properly, you're completely ♥♥♥♥ed and you hit a wall. So overall, it's not really worth the pricetag, though the game's art is nice, and I enjoyed that, it just felt like a weaker Princess Maker 2 overall."
,Not Recommended,251990,8628244,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,WobbliestOwl,"If you like playing by Wiki, this is probably a good game for you. Lots of stats and variables, some of which aren't indicated in-game, and a heap of events that aren't indicated beforehand. As far as I can tell, the only difference choices makes to the ending is which ending you get and when. One of the Wikis might give more information on that, but I'm not interested enough."
,Not Recommended,251990,9141120,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sasheron,"Linear and difficult to the point of being unfair and plain frustraing. There is only one or two possibly sucessful builds, and the entire game is that of an attempt to find them through trial and error. There's little actual strategy involved."
76561198303571385,Not Recommended,251990,25815771,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LUCAS NG,"Not a game that should charge more than this prices. Maybe USD $4.99 is its limit.I play for few hours, and become boring. Not a game for long run.This is the game you buy it, play it, and forget it. Not more than 1 day."
,Not Recommended,251990,8571847,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Miko,"Memorize the order of events by trial and error; ascertain the effect of mood on skill learning by trial and error; optimize. Not really what I'd call a game. The theming is cute, but this isn't fun."
,Recommended,251990,18197878,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Akane,It's like playing D&D but failing at every single save roll because you suck at training the right skills.
76561198007271893,Not Recommended,251990,28519972,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Yellowjacket,"It's cute, but very short.  This game is basically a sequence of:Train something, discover that you needed skill in something else to live, start from the beginning, train something else, get past that obstacle, discover the next thing you needed to train (by dying and having to start over).  This cycle only lasts 5 steps or so.It wasn't a bad game, and I did find myself WANTING to finish, so I'd say that I got my money's worth out of it, but still wouldn't really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,251990,8495160,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Baahubali,"This game seems to be a ""make your own adventure,"" but the truth is there is only one outcome at all times, many skills are useless as you MUST get skills in a certain order to survive the story.Do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,251990,16719946,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"Buggy, The True Yonkou","Always happening the same thing, too hard 3/10"
76561198237852578,Not Recommended,251990,34026633,Posted: 4 August,all,agentmulder26,"Despite my review being negative, I enjoyed this game a lot, but I feel like it could've been so much better.I felt like this was way too short, when I got to the end of it I felt like everything just begun, the characters were hardly developed and they felt two-dimensional. I felt cheated because I spent 10 bucks for 4 hours of gameplay which made me feel like this was a waste of money.If you like really short games you will love this, but if your like me and you want a game that you can play for hours upon hours, this is not your game."
,Recommended,251990,11027924,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"That poor, poor girl. Leave her alone!"
76561198118399928,Not Recommended,251990,13344619,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,DreamMachine,Terrible game.... Terrible characters and story.
,Not Recommended,251990,22906716,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Zeverus,More frustrating than Dark Souls.
,Not Recommended,251990,13000537,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,you mean you give me use of all these different options/classes to train and choice but it doesnt matter cause scripted events will always happen and cause instant death if I dont have certain skills raised?wow I cant waitthis game is terrible
76561198287664154,Recommended,251990,29511545,Posted: 26 January,all,friskchan48,its graet
76561198134577377,Not Recommended,251990,12763204,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Geoneva,"It was okay.It's a game that you definitely need to play through twice.I found it hard to balance the stats so I could get the certain stat bonuses and spent most of my time focused on that. I didn't really get to explore the rest of the game.Art was okay.In terms of music, I didn't pay attention."
76561198067859824,Not Recommended,251990,17213975,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ClassicalKate,"When I think of all the Starbucks I could have bought with the money I spent on this game I getreallysad. At least I have a sugar daddy though, amiright? Who needs morals when you can waste money on steam games"
,Not Recommended,251990,13009780,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,JoJi,I felt badly kawaii after.
76561198092271075,Not Recommended,251990,30333014,Posted: 5 March,all,DarthLee,-Too boring to reach more than one ending.-Too much unnecessary stat that almost has no meaning in the gameplay.-Storyline is linear with branches to fall from the main ending.
,Not Recommended,251990,10873269,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Immortal Wombat,"You spend all this time preparing for your coronation, which I assumed would be the start of the real meat of the game, only to find out that's the end of the game and all of your decisions get tied up by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ slideshow that says thing like ""that kingdom you fought is gearing up for another war!"".A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game for animu ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,251990,10880359,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Quickshooter,"Frikkin dark souls for text-based gamers!don't be fooled by the anime chick on the cover, this game is hard! very.when death lurks everywhere it's up to you to invest in the right skills and make the right decision10/10 i haven't enjoyed a game like this for a long timeand that comes from a fellow souls player who thought dark souls 2 was far too easy and too shallow (magic there is game breaking)speaking of magic, if you want to win, go with it.like invoker once said MAGIC IS POWER! CHAOS METOR,SUNSTRIKE,EMP,EXORT WEX QUAS!after finishing this game it will feel like such an achivement, just like when i finished demon's souls (2009)game was ballls hard but after getting smashed again and again i've tried some magic and i conquered that vile game!and felt so proudthis game recalls me to those days..."
,Not Recommended,251990,11275072,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jlewison,"There are an obscene amount of choices to make in terms of character development, which is great, but there are a very limited number of ways to solve problems and win the game."
,Recommended,251990,8929968,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,☆☭ General Far ☭☆,"Each time the protagonist dies, you find yourself coming back with a vengeance, determined to try a new strategy, a different approach to her upbringing. It's borderline addictive. It's also likely to make a monster out of you. By the end of my first successful playthrough, I had summarily butchered everyone who even thought about looking at us funny, forced the princess into a continuous state of docility and lied my way through every social encounter possible. Was it evil? Yes. Was it glorious? Definitely"
,Not Recommended,251990,10873002,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Blah,"The pace moves too fast for the school lesssons to actually teach the princess anything useful. So none of the skills you level up help you.The only way you can really do well is if you use a cheat that gives you max skills.The art's cute and the story is cool but I think they could've given us more choices.Overall, I don't recommend it unless it's on sale for less than 5 dollars and you have some time to waste because you really don't get anywhere."
76561198039408490,Not Recommended,251990,11461755,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,primal fox,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell
,Not Recommended,251990,12310286,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,kodo,tasty fraud you will taste
76561198055869557,Not Recommended,251990,9581942,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Parlei,"I was excited as this looked like a newer version of Princess Maker 2.  Did NOT live up to it.  PM2 was released a whole 20 years earlier, but this is just a sad imitation."
76561197997995942,Recommended,251990,9129338,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Commissar Obvious,"Fun, but only 7 hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,251990,9312000,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Gvaz,"Neat little cute game but it's kind of annoying how easily you can die if you don't meet the proper skillchecks, which requires you to know what happens ahead of time in order to get around them, and plan ahead properly for them.I would like it better if it was more CYOA instead of stat based."
76561198006899799,Recommended,251990,32121780,Posted: 1 June,all,nicyatnite,You cannot fast travel when there are enemies nearby.
75754634562545421,Recommended,251990,25682423,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,it ain't me,Pretty fun trait management game but it's too short to be 10$. I recommend at a 50% off sale
,Recommended,251990,16042197,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Vic Rattlehead,Still being updated?Earns a thumb up from me.
,Not Recommended,251990,8471347,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The J,"I don't really like this ""game's"" styleidk either I use a guide and get the best ending or I keep randomly trying stuff and getting dumb endings like ""you were a genius at playing the piano and singing but you slipped on a banana peel and died, too bad xD""why did I pay $5 for a VN/10"
,Not Recommended,251990,12479889,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,hakorra the cuck man,"The game is way too short. I was able to beat it in 2 hours and 30 minutes. Also, it's very tedious to prepare for certain events in the game. They throw curveballs at you constantly, forcing you to save and reload in order to not die horribly. Therefore, this game doesn't have a lot of replay value. After my first playthrough I had absolutely ZERO desire to play it again. Despite what I said though, I can't call it a bad game, so if you're still interested, do yourself a favor and buy it when it's on sale like I did. Don't pay full price for this game, otherwise you may feel swindled."
76561198006984439,Not Recommended,251990,9134482,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,AngoraFish,"Long Live the Queen is a piece of interactive fiction masquerading as a life sim, and suffers horribly from this pretence.Given the above, it's worth emphasising that I don't have a problem with interactive fiction such as Kentucky Route Zero and The Walking Dead.My main issue with Long Live the Queen is that the game is presented to be something that it manifestly is not, although for the first 2-3 play-throughs the relative meaninglessness of the player's actions aren't at all obvious. Had this review been written 2-3 hours in it would no doubt have been overwhelmingly positive and enthusiastic.Long Live the Queen's core gameplay is straightforward. Every week (each week is essentially a turn) you chose which one or two of the 42 available skills to level up by an average of around 15% (out of 100).This is a lot of fun, and for the first few playthroughs feels like you're genuinely customising your character to suit your strategy and play style. Were this a roguelike, in the vein of FTL, or a procedurally-oriented life simulator such as Kudos 2, this would have been enough to have kept me playing for hundreds of hours.Unfortunately, over time, it starts to become obvious that these skills are only noticeably used to pass skill checks associated with tightly scripted events that occur in the same week and same order, every single game. Furthermore, the game demands hyper-specialisation as many skill checks require skill levels of between 50% and 100%.This leads to the first problem, that is, your skill choices only noticeably matter at pre-defined points. For example, you might need to have Economics skill level 30 in week 4, and Decoration skill 40 in week 6 to trigger a significant event chain. This means that if you happen to randomly level these skills up in the reverse order the event chain simply never triggers, even though the only difference in your skill ""build"" is a couple of weeks.There's only a very short amount of time available to specialise as well, as the game runs for a maximum of 40 weeks although in most cases will end at least five weeks earlier due to failed skill checks.Tight timeframes mean that there's little opportunity for nuance, exploration of skill trees or character customisation. After a few play-throughs, the game inevitably becomes a process of ""level skill X to prepare for scripted skill check Y in week Z"", then ""level skill A to prepare for scripted skill check B in week C"", and so on.It gets worse, however, as skill checks are so rare, and the skills so numerous, that you can find yourself unknowingly levelling useless skills for weeks beyond the time the last skill check in the game has occurred for that particular skill.Furthermore, in many cases, skills have no noticeable purpose and presumably only come into play in certain dialogue trees that can unwittingly be closed off even though the game makes no effort to prevent you from continuing to level these skills thinking they might have some future purpose.Finally, for something that is supposed to be a life sim, about relationships and personal development, with little meaningful warning and with only a couple of trivial ways to avoid it, we learn in week 35 that we have instead been playing an economic and military simulator all along - that the failure of a 14 year old girl to prepare for scripted events in weeks M and N has fundamentally influenced a kingdom's economic development and military preparedness over a period of barely three or four months.Life sims work best when the story being told is the player's, not the developer's. Consequently, life sims need to be as unscripted and open ended as practical in order to allow the player's unique story to shine through meaningful customisation, emergent events and improbable outcomes.Unfortunately, all that's happening in Long Live the Queen is that traditional interactive fiction dialogue trees have been obfuscated by an abstract series of player-chosen numbers presenting an initially misleading illusion of player agency, although in practice it is only the developer's story that is actually being told here."
,Not Recommended,251990,34820135,Posted: 8 September,all,breakthehsell,this binch keeps dying
,Recommended,251990,23372210,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
,Not Recommended,251990,29777707,Posted: 8 February,all,Simone Chan,"If you want to win this game, buckle up for a stressful experience, there's no winning only death.If you want to die in as many ways as possible, go for it, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,251990,9231278,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"i listened to SRS and bought this game.big mistake. pretty sure i'm on a watchlist now. this is a great game if you love anime.if you don't want to have sex with children, avoid."
,Not Recommended,251990,23912720,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,^9LAN | ^1wundrweapon,"DARK SOULS players, do read on. Else, well, still read on.So I bought this game because the video intrigued me. ""Hey, a branching narrative with fun little tests! Perhaps this'll be good."" However, my minimalistic expectations were fried in a measly 20 minutes. It felt like playing Call of Duty against a godmode hacker - you cannot and will not win. In truth, its more a fight aginst the RNG that is ""what will I, the human, pci next"" that simply can't be won. There's... there's not victory! Constant messages saying ""Test -> Failed"" and consistent death just push me away from the game quickly. So I got a refund and I'm happy about that.At the same ironic time, however, I want to be able to play this game to completion - every success/every death possible. However, I can't see myself spending the money to get this game back. Oh well, perhaps it'll be free for a short period of time. Until then, though, thumbs down"
,Not Recommended,251990,18986684,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,HELLL no. do NOT pay money for this game unless it's on sale for a dollar.stat raising bull-sht that makes no sensei'm on my fourth playthrough and there are no good walkthroughsfailure/10come at me fans
,Recommended,251990,7919070,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Goodyear,"Pretty fun game, you don't even need to get by the artwork (kinda the thing I'd see a tween girl being a fan of). I find myself being textbook insane, rarely changing my strategy, minus a few tweaks here and there, and have yet to succeed. But it's still real fun! Also, being from a town called Sudbury, I enjoyed seeing the name in the game!"
,Not Recommended,251990,7905514,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,bryan_a_b3,"A boring game. I thought it would be different, but your basicly guessing and checking for a set storyline. All you do is make 3 choices a turn."
76561198043583409,Recommended,251990,24346828,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"I really like it, i really do, but it doesnt do a good job at communicating information or teaching me anything. also the world building is terrible.ex: unless you take certian tasks, its impossible to figure out how much money your kingdom has. and even if you do get a number, you get no way to tell what its worth. you learn nothing about your kingdom and life in it, or the culture, or anything really. it feels very shut in and like i dont have any grasp at all on the situation."
76561198007227113,Recommended,251990,29951813,Posted: 15 February,all,Lucky_Marty,First I was like cancer game! But then I saw that its the best game on steam. A shame no hentai!
76561198070835290,Not Recommended,251990,9248695,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Grishka,"Don't buy this game.Even though it has promising concept, it is all disappointment.I cannot miss few good points. I admire idea of playing teenager character who learns new skills later used for interaction with the game world. It is also good to have lots of events in which player can choose different options. Event outcome depends strongly on decisions from previous events and on skills of the princess. There are many ways for the princess to die! It is even more fun when you realize why she dies.BUTthe story itself poisons everything:1) The whole kingdom is so cardboard. Too much depends on the princess. She has great nameless tutors for each field incuding military but not a single worthy general in the whole realm, so she is the only person who can win important battles!2)FEMINISTIC TO UNFORGIVABLE DEGREE.I am absolutely serious. It becomes more obvious each new time you play. Important social interactions in the game are only possible with female characters, many of them can become enemy or friend or even homosexual lover of the princess. Female characters determine politics in the kingdom. Even priests and the main pagan deity are female. But when it comes to male characters, they are just freaks:-absolute villains like enemy king who wishes to kill the princess to get her magic crystal,-jerks like the caring father who spends much time to find new chick but has no time to console his daughter who recently lost her mother!-useless apes. Ok, many young men dream to marry the princess in order to become king, but in other aspects they don't have personality. They are just idle dolls.This game is poorly written feministic nonsense."
76561198046043466,Recommended,251990,7745232,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Onisuika,I luv this!!
76561198060106348,Not Recommended,251990,12823531,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,lord_braxx,"i'm quite neutral on this game, relativly cute but, relativly limited and mostly linear gameplay. beat it same day i got it...."
,Not Recommended,251990,32432927,Posted: 15 June,all,Miyu,"Another game that I don't recommend.It's not that the game itself is bad.But I can't just deal with it.It's really frustrating, how you keep running into bad ends.I mean, you play for hours and hours. And then after the 28th day you get the bad end. Somehow I feel like I'm throwing my time out of the window. With cheats the game isn't interesting at all, but without you need to prepare that you are going to sit there for hours, thinking about which lesson to take to get which advantage and which possible ending.Maybe I'll come back to this game after some years, but still it's not really a good game I think.The developers wanted you to have a lot of choises, but then they overdid it, so you don't actually know, which choises you have to make. Maybe it's because you need to feel like the heroine, who has no clue, how to act royal, but I swear, I don't like games, where you need to play for hours and hours just to get a basic knowledge for the things that happen around you. It's frustrating, when you always mess up and have to start anew, not because that you faced the enemy wrongly like in action games, but because you just didn't take this SPECIAL LESSON a day before.Maybe for some people it might be great, but for me it's just simply bothersome. There isn't even a deep story that makes you want to invest that much time in it, anyway.Just my opinion though."
,Not Recommended,251990,32161038,Posted: 3 June,all,fluffer ♥︎ pupper,"This is a game that lacks story and demands strategy with zero clues for advancement.Overall it's short, boring, and lacks the flair the original Princess Maker games posessed."
,Not Recommended,251990,8185733,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wrathzog,"This game is a lot like those choose your own adventure books with an RPG system slapped on top of it.  Like those books, the impact of your choices will not be made obvious until someone (or something) has killed you and the game ends.It's interesting, at least."
76561198066113594,Not Recommended,251990,7869698,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BusinessCat,Not worth it. You're better off getting the old school Princess Maker 2 (english translated version).
76561198037267847,Not Recommended,251990,7987064,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Riko-chan,"Honestly it was a fun game after the first 30 minutes, but after that I just got bored."
,Not Recommended,251990,30392784,Posted: 8 March,all,3Weeks,cant believe i bought something like this. a bit rubbish
76561198383449808,Not Recommended,251990,33716879,Posted: 22 July,all,GetTriggered,pretty complicated
76561198000504597,Not Recommended,251990,7915457,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,mitchelltf,"This is a game I was looking forward to...I thought it would be like Princess Maker. Unfortunately...the script is terrible, the characters are flat, and the game is more frustrating then fun! I got a full review here, but stay the heck away!http://gameolosophy.com/games/long-live-the-queen-3/"
,Not Recommended,251990,14691565,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dad,"The only reason I bought this game is because I sometimes post on a video game forum populated almost entirely by anime avatars and when this game came out they wouldn't shut up about it. So I downloaded it and played it for a bit and, not finding it particularly engaging or fun, I minimized it and read through the thread on the aforementioned forum where the anime avatars were raving about it. I sifted through a couple pages of posts in an attempt to glean some sort of insight to where, exactly, the fun was to be had in Long Live The Queen, but I didn't find anything helpful. I did, however, come to understand why the animes loved the game so much: they're pedophiles.If you're a pedophile too, you may also be interested in Magical Diary and Princess Maker."
76561197993915577,Not Recommended,251990,7860273,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Serge,"I expected a game like princess maker. A game where you can decide the fate of the princess you are raising (no, princess maker is not a girls-only game). But here all you try to do is try to prevent the princess from dying from chronologically scripted events. And the events that happen when you see them for the first time require just total random luck to survive. You need to have trained her for a certain skill - which you only discover after you die.To sum it up:The graphics aren't greatThe gameplay is dull - You trained a skill required to live, you continue. You didn't train it, you die and can start over.Replayability is very poor due to you already knowing what's coming - or die to another random new event when you get further because you didn't raise your ""horse handling skill""The sounds are dullThe dialogues are boringIt is overpriced for what it is. I bought it based on the positive reviews on steam. I won't do that again!I would suggest you not to buy it either, sorry."
,Not Recommended,251990,7744033,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,McFoul,"Great idea, but repetive. Good for a few hours, but a set progression of events means theres little reason to go back after a successful run. In the end, there is little to no thrill in not having enough points for a certain action then dying and doing it all over again (Or reloading a save and adjusting points to progress). Other games do this same game idea better, often for free."
,Not Recommended,251990,33947136,Posted: 1 August,all,Saze,"Garbage, $10 better spent on the Joker's cash pile in the Dark Knight."
,Not Recommended,251990,7618844,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Count Talcula,you can't-you can't even ♥♥♥♥ herwhat is even the point of this game?0/10
,Not Recommended,251990,31798705,Posted: 16 May,all,Tentacle Bunny,"meh, not bad? it is what it is.kind of a ""build a princess"" and...she gets killed.your goal is to explore all of her possible deaths/victories.5/10.it's kinda ok."
76561198040876522,Not Recommended,251990,10877357,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Witch ~,artificial difficulty
,Not Recommended,251990,7754026,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kashou,Best game ever.
76561198201420479,Not Recommended,251990,30762931,Posted: 26 March,all,Line_Sant,boring with a weak plot...
,Not Recommended,251990,29527731,Posted: 27 January,all,ผ่า,ไม่หนุก
,Not Recommended,251990,25848292,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,boglin,"this game honestly has no purpose whatsoever besides appealing to depraved weeaboos. there is no actual gameplay elements in this ""game"". it's all trial and error with no payoff whatsoever. don't waste money on this trash."
,Recommended,251990,9747339,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Flaming Easter Basket of Napalm,"Long Live the Queen is fun, but definitely doesn't live up to its potential and has very little replay value given the current depth of the plot. It's a great game for 5$, maybe 10$. It's essentially a new take on 'Princess Maker' with a very distinct style of delivery. However, it lacks the depth and duration of PM and if you know how you want to play, you can easily clear a playthrough in twenty minutes. There's little variation as well, meaning even if you make various different choices, endings tend to overlap heavily. Still recommend for 5-10$, but I'm really hoping for some expansion or a larger sequel."
76561198067164296,Recommended,251990,9749241,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,PumpkinFlavour,this game is so addicting. why. i don't know. i can't stop playing. @_@
,Recommended,251990,9875083,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,malachy_sunblade,"This game is both easy and incredibly difficult.  One of the things I love about it is that I have found so many interesting ways to die.  I finally made it to the end of the game after several hours of play and getting killed in various ways.  The sheer number of skills make the game variable in all manner of interesting ways, and the mood activity make controlling what you can learn interesting.  For a quick game that you can while away between ten minutes and several hours, I recommend this game to anybody that appreciates character building.  It's exceedingly fun!"
,Recommended,251990,9838208,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,kiisama,"Gameplay: GoodMusic: OkayStory: GreatReplayability: GreatPrice: A bit expensiveI want to love this game, but I only like it. Why only like? The game is rather short. I happened to beat it in 4 hours, but there is a lot of replayability value to unlock more dialogues and endings. Your mileage may vary. When I actually got to the end of the game, I thought I would only be at the halfway point.If this looks like something you would like to play, then buy it. Especially if it's on sale."
76561198110378145,Recommended,251990,9726206,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Envy,"This game is fun, interesting, frustrating, addictive, and overall a great strategy game with close attention to detail and very well thought out plot.  With such subtle differences between one path and the next, and the multitude of achievements available, this game has great playback value if that's important to you."
,Recommended,251990,9868701,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,トランズ げんじ,This game is not only cute and suprisingly challenging (have not made it to her Coronation once yet) but it's gameplay system is really interesting and allows for a lot of experimentation once you start playing it a few times and remember which checks go where.
76561198109640893,Recommended,251990,9098254,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,MidknightUmbra,"Long Live The Queen is somewhat difficult to review, as I really have nothing to go off of as far as Japanese dialogue based games go. The thing to know with Long Live The Queen is that it's extremely difficult to beat. Not impossible, but the game harkens back to the old Sierra notion that if you ♥♥♥♥ up early and don't take that fencing class, you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked later by a superior swordsman. Even if you do train with a sword, you may still fail due to low athletic stats. It's frustrating that some of the crucial events force you to sacrifice training in other areas, but it really makes you wonder how many ways there are to beat this game.I enjoyed the game, but don't expect it to be easy. Save a lot, and pay attention to what events trigger what."
76561198016569806,Recommended,251990,19004276,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,The vizard,"You like Dark souls? If so get this game, no i am not kidding behind all the cutie flafy drawings lies a cruelty and savagery that i am sure has inspired the author of the thrones series for future books.You are responsible for quiding and ensuring the survival of your character until her coronation, a moody sheltered princess with no idea of how the world works and what dangers lurk in a medieval fantasy realm.Death will come for you repeatadly, hidden in chocolates, wild creatures, chocolates, evil plotters and did i mention the bleeping chocolates?If you have anger issues(or Wrath issues like yours trully) get this game at a sale as you will not be able to complete it due to ,argsgagag grAAAAHHH, interruptions but it will be fun. Anyhow sale or not get it. the schaudenfre alone makes it-ohh candy thank y-glaarch(death rattle),"
76561198196931803,Recommended,251990,19143398,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ashley.w.chalkley,"A cute and interesting game, filled with politics magic and decisions to make. Death comes around every corner, some more subtle than others. You will die multiple times before ever reaching your coronation but you gain a real sense of victory when your finally receive the crown. A grate game to replay over and over. How will you rule? How will you die?"
76561198082327566,Recommended,251990,19056032,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Business Professionals,"This game is so much fun  nearly every time I play it. It can be frusturating though. I've probably played it 50 times by now without a guide and I still haven't beat it. I keep getting arrowed or stabbed. And that sucks. Overall, I enjoy the challenge and the story is great."
,Recommended,251990,13597364,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,"Understandable, have a great day","Amazing game, so much fun to work out over time, great for spending a little free time on and worth the money. All the different endings are so unique and fun yet hard to find and it lets you roam through lots of gameplay trying to find them."
76561198091569355,Recommended,251990,16024509,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gevogelte,"If you like anime style games this is an amazing game. Even if you do not, like me,  it is still a very fun experience. Also it will forever induce you with the fear of any social encounters and chocolate."
,Recommended,251990,18784281,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,家族,"Failure simulator X Anime the vidya with sick piano beats... or something. Music was nice.REAL REVIEW WITH SPOILERS BELOWUshered my mahou joseis into turning my friend into a mahou shoujo, while appointing said friend as an informal advisor of my Bedroom Chamber. 11/10 would mahou josei my yuri lover again."
76561198040691833,Recommended,251990,18866177,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Retr0spectre,An anime RPG about a Magical Girl princess where you die more than there are character deaths in Game of Thrones. 10/10 would unleash the Kraken again.
,Recommended,251990,18877002,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fukufire,"This game will show you no mercy, it starts off simple enough but if you're not careful you'll die before you even get going.  You'll die and die no matter how prepared you are, in a way that'll make you more determined that ever to dust yourself off and jump right back into things. With so many ways to play and approach issues, it's really worth your time."
,Recommended,251990,18864040,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,foodie [plasma],cute girls
,Recommended,251990,18875555,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,blooscr33n,"First I bought LLTQ because it was on sale and I was just curious. Now I would even pay full price if I wouldn't already own it. I wasn't sure what to expect and thought it might be some kind of princess-date-simulator.It's a princess-die-simulator. And you're the princess.Your main target is to improve a huge number of skills to become a successfull queen. These skills are needed for getting through different difficult or even possible deadly situations. Depending on your choice of training, the whole playthrough might have a completely different plot. I played LLTQ multiple times (and usually I died), but I never experienced a playthrough twice, due to slightly different choices and tiny differences in levels of skills or the mood.If you can handle sudden, unexpected death and frustration, you will love this game."
76561198067519130,Recommended,251990,14786797,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Vinz,"This game is hard to complete, it's almost impossible to get a perfect score in anything, but if you love to carefully plan your actions in order to survive an unknown future, this is the game for you.PRO-Everything can kill you-Tentacles-Very carefully programmed event system-Long and carefully written dialogs-Tentacles-Every single thing you choose (quite a lot of things actually) can come in your aid in the future (or kill you in a horrible way)-Tentacles-Tasty Chocolate-Almost every NPC is disposable-You will hope to discover every way to die so you can collect all the dying pics c:CONS-No randomness (you can write down the events with date and stuff, but there are so much flags that determine theyr behaviour you will probably find something new everytime you make different choices). I still have to discover all the possible deaths c:-Need moar tentacles"
76561198038045303,Recommended,251990,18894404,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mary Juana,I executed a lot of people.10/10
,Recommended,251990,13781685,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,コンパ,"Spoiled princess simulator. You're free to do whatever you want, and the RPG stat system is unlike anything I've ever seen before in a visual novel. But be prepared to repeat the beginning of the story multiple times, because you're going to die sooner or later and the choices you make can have a lot more depth than you would expect. Some people may dislike this, but I think it's pretty cool being able to change history for yourself to get the ending you want.4/5 ★★★★"
76561198111665145,Recommended,251990,18772125,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MPEVA,A very good visual novel game! The only problem with this game is that it requires a lot of memorization or else you will get the same ending over and over. The data log entry to keep track is nice and all. Wish the story could be changed but thats just me. Overall pretty good 8/10
,Recommended,251990,18905022,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TwilightAmory,"Raising a princess to become a respected and (more importantly) alive queen has never been this fun! You'll probably end up dying your first couple times playing it, but that's part of the fun because each different death is accompanied by a cute and amusing picture. I highly recommend it because there's just so many ways to get through the game.Just watch out for poison."
76561198052372005,Recommended,251990,19008626,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Reslain,"A good Princess Maker style gam, if a bit more limited in scope than princess maker, it instead has a more tightly focused story."
,Recommended,251990,18989529,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Nomi,Super addictive - it's fun finding the different ways to win and also the different ways to die.
,Recommended,251990,18987304,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,hojusimpson81,"Crown Princess Elodie mourned her mother's death the only way she knew how: Study military and history textbooks, with extra lessons in economics, herbal/poison recognition, and cyphers. Her tactical strength and understanding how to manipulate courts near and far, gained her respect -- and enemies. Despite a lack of tact and mannerisms in the stuffy halls of her castle, she made up for it with agility and marksmanship on the battlefield.Yes, Elodie was going to make a fine queen. That is, until she was ambushed and fatally wounded.-----Crown Princess Elodie mourned her mother's death the only way she knew how: She learned songs, played musical instruments, painted, and developed her public speaking abilities. Quick with a joke, or a pointed barb, Elodie was the belle of every ball.Yes, Elodie was going to make a fine queen. That is, until she was poisoned and succumbed to its effects.-----Long Live the Queen is a diplomacy simulator, and if it wasn't for its bubblegum art style (one that initially turned me off) and its gallows humour, would fit right in with the Paradox titles Crusader Kings and Europa Universalis.Does that not intrigue you? Okay, then it's a min/max RPG where you choose your two study paths for the week (building up stats that'll allow you to pass random checks), a training event (that will shift your mood, resulting in buffs or penalties to the aforementioned stat paths), as well as be given the chance to make a decision that will shape relationships between you and your family, immediate advisors, or even the world at large.Still not interested? Then it's also a game that'll allow you to position your poor unwitting princess in a series of dangerous situations where she'll eventually die a horrible (and probably painful and embarrassing) death.If you're not yet dying to play this game, then nothing will ever convince you."
76561198001668419,Recommended,251990,19236661,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,CapFox,Click-provoking.
,Recommended,251990,19256692,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Soverine,"First thing's first: Who's the audience for this? Do you enjoy reading, figuring out lore, characters, and putting together pieces of the story? If so, that's a point for you. Do you mind the risk of restarting to get to the end in a fairly short game? If so, consider that you may have to restart multiple times due to poor decisions (with little warning other then experience or walkthroughs). Do you enjoy a fantasy setting? Point. Does anything ""magical girl"" or young female protagonist scare you away? If so, expect that to be a thing.So, you think maybe you are the audience for this game? Well, while I don't think you'll likely end up with a lot of time in it, unless you're really determined to ""get all the important puzzle pieces"" as I was, I found the story to be fairly enjoyable, and the game has a surprising amount of variation that can occur. While most of the events are guaranteed to happen, their outcomes can vary, and some events are not so set in stone.However, as stated before, restarting multiple times is an expectation for one successful run. Here, you choose studies to determine what your character's specializations are, which change whether or not your character can handle certain circumstances. Mood can impact your character's stat growth, and even your options sometimes. Honestly, I'd say the worst part of this game is simply that there isn't more then what exists in it."
76561198107356006,Recommended,251990,19241408,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Flannery,This is about as cruel as a game starring a pre-pubescent girl can get.So much fun though.
,Recommended,251990,19021077,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,rhetoricsff,"Finally a game that covers both my wish to be a cute anime princess, aswell as my craving for sweet, sweet death."
76561198078576062,Recommended,251990,19376398,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Fritz,"First play through.  Became a fully faithful and all-powerful magical girl, master of intrique.  Knew what was coming, and either worked behind the scenes to deal with it. or blasted it in the freaking face with over-powering magic.Long Live the All-Powerful, All Knowing Queen!"
76561198177693418,Recommended,251990,19333151,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,nebulousnoiz,"dont be mislead by the adorable princess - this game is hard as nipplesand i am obsessed. so far i got stabbed, magic electrocuted, poisoned, murdered by bandits and drowned.i also became an evil witch and murdered my own father.a++++"
76561198036908650,Recommended,251990,19340720,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,hairycockroach,Not entirely sure what I was expecting when I bought this game.Long Live the Queen is filled to the brim with deadly hilarity and a lot of face palming when your little princess ends up doing something dreadfully stupid because you didn't level one of her more mundane skills. The goal of the game is to try to keep the princess alive long enough to inherit the throne. The concept is simple enough but the journey to becoming queen is full of death traps. Some are obvious. Some are chocolate.
,Recommended,251990,19376887,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,GoldHusky,"A really charming and fun game, although it can get a wee bit repetitive after a few playthroughs - I was expecting it to be randomised or something. Ah well, still very enjoyable and worthwhile if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,251990,19493204,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,sirentica,best death simulator I've ever played
,Recommended,251990,12198564,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TheTrooper4649,Im a princess irl but now i get to play one in this game and go from a princess and bloom into a queen. 10/10 <3
76561198258751865,Recommended,251990,19400449,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,judicialcactus,Amazing game! SUPER hard I got so far only to die because I didn't know enough about dogs and ate poisoned chocolate!
76561198047274979,Recommended,251990,7944173,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,chrizzel28,"This game was a surprising amount of fun. The trial and error in this game may seem a pain to some, but it becomes rather interesting seeing in what ways a slightly different decision may lead to a glorious victory or a tragic death. I wouldn't recommend this game to all, considering it can be described as niche, yet I can recommend it to anyone that's into this type of game. Also, it's just fun seeing in how many ways you can die.Only real complaint I have is the price tag. The game is worth every cent, don't get me wrong, but I'm sure a lot of people will not buy it because it seems too expensive for a mostly unknown indie game. Trust me on my word though, if the description of the game got you even slightly hooked to the concept, buy it."
76561198001660953,Recommended,251990,7892890,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Aleister,The most awesome game I've played this month.
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,251990,7607262,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Captain Camper,"This game has a lot of the technical elements of Princess Maker, but none of the freedom that Princess Maker had. You are basically doing the same exact story over and over, and seeing if you can get the scripted dice rolls to turn out differently.One of the things that really irks me is how if you have an incredibly high score in one of the skills, even very early in the game (like if you put every class of training into Dance skill), you could still fail the Dance check because you don't have a 100% chance of success until maxing the skill.Overall I'd rate this game a 4 on 10, even though I was a huge fan of Princess Maker and replayed it quite a bit. None of your choices in this game seem to reflect any personality, but are just a series of scripted event hurdles. It's a real shame."
,Recommended,251990,10283401,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Xeyoj,I didn't know being a girl meant so much death. 8/10 will play again.
76561198002090894,Recommended,251990,7637854,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Gollvieg,"Don't le the art decieve you,  this game has one of the darkest, most brutal story of a magical princess trying to last the year before her coronantion. Every choice matter (unlike a certain bioware title that make the same claim) there are no useless skills and your actions and skill choices can lead to multiple different events and endings.Buy it. BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,251990,10306826,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,[AG] Rare,This game is the shiznit. Its fun and the story is fantastic 10/10
,Recommended,251990,7612205,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,airddragon,"I have got to say that pretending to be a princess is nowhere in ANY of the Fantasies I think of, until of course now. This game is amazing in both depth and skill. Not only do you have to carefully construct a strategy of learning and controlling your mood, you must carefully decide what path forward is best."
,Recommended,251990,10266071,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Smatsy,"First of all, I love strategy games, but I've never played a game quite like this one.  The classes you take and the the activities you choose each day really have an impact on the story and whether you get a good ending or bad one.  A lot of it was trial and error, and the music begins to get really repetitive after awhile, but I thoroughly enjoyed how much thought I needed to place into every decision while keeping in mind the princess's mood, aptitude, and schedule."
,Recommended,251990,7635567,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,boy,"All I want is for my little magical-girl princess loli to live a long happy life, why must everyone want me dead! I finally managed to crush a rebellion and I get poisoned by chocolates; I defeat an evil wizard and trip and fall off a cliff. I try to watch a tournament and SOME GUY ♥♥♥♥ING EXPLODES BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE DETECT MAGIC.10/10"
76561198067404702,Recommended,251990,7699780,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,TheOnePercent44,"This game may not seem like much at first. ""Oh, you're just some girl who wants to be queen. Another visual novel. Whoop dee doo.""And then you start dying. Over, and over again. Why didn't my schooling in poison save me from those poison chocolates, you ask? Because you didn't have enough skill in handling dogs to have one trained to sniff out poisons. After 4 grueling hours of dying and trying different combinations of training, I finally ""beat"" the game. By which I mean I successfully kept Elodie alive until her 15th birthday so she could be crowned. Once. And my country was still being ravaged by raiders. Plus, I haven't yet found all the ways to die. Or saved my cousin from dying from that snake in my garden that isn't local to this area.So I must keep playing.Overall: great game for casual play every once in awhile, 4.5/5"
,Recommended,251990,7638793,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"I had a weird introduction this game it showed up in the Steam store and my default reaction was quite literally, ""Da faq iz dis♥♥♥♥♥♥""I later found another ad at GitP (home of the Order of the Stick) and opened it up to find this game again. I saw a screenshot that interested me: a skill page.  It in a way defied my expectations of it being what I thought was a silly princess game. So I sat down and read the description. The very obvious visual novel artstyle is paired with simple to learn, complex to master oppurtunity cost management.In one sentence, this game is a visual novel-style ""choose your own adventure game."" I discovered very quickly how much I sucked at being a princess. Not because I'm NOT a princess (although I imagine that is a contributing factor) but because the game tricked me with the number of options I had at avoiding potential problems.For example, the princess' moods greatly affect her capacity to learn certain subjects (such as Foreign Affairs or Battlefield Wound Treatment).  Taking lessons in those classes will help you pass story checks for week events.  For example, you might discern that someone is attempting to woo you simply to become King or you might be able to safely remove an arrow that you've been hit with - instead of accidentally jabbing it into a more important organ.  Or you might find a way to avoid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the person who hires the bandits to shoot at you in the first place! Or not even go on the trip! Of course, then you risk snubbing the family holding the party by making it ""not important"" enough to go.Elodie can be anywhere between ineffectual, timid girly princess and Destroyer of worlds. Choose your options carefully. EVERYTHING has a consequence."
,Recommended,251990,9788003,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,vonvadell,additive
,Recommended,251990,9812498,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,OhShesARoe,You have to educate this girl or she dead.
,Recommended,251990,9857477,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Hannibal,"This game is great, an entertaining struggle to become the queen. I love the set-up of the game. My only problems with it are it only varies so much every time you play it, leaving it with a low replay value. I think the game is totally worth buying and finally winning is a great satisfaction."
76561198125634996,Recommended,251990,9647236,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,BeardedConman,"A shockingly dark story given the charming façade, the game continues with morbid humor even in the death sequences with its cutesy depictions of the dead main character. Honestly some of the best fun I've had in a while."
76561197989974182,Not Recommended,251990,9449481,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,fen,作業感ぱない
76561198122383583,Recommended,251990,9511578,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,emancaleb,"A, must, play"
,Recommended,251990,9638267,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Salamander,Wanted to go to a birthday party for my bff. Got an arrow punctured threw my vital organs. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,9639562,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,oXero,"Cute and simple little visual novel that allows you to play multiple versions of a girl faced to rule an empire after her mother's death. You get to decide whether she is more military focused,  economic, and many more to try and live long enough to become the respectable Queen. Although it starts off simple, there are many bad endings which result in her dying from assassinations to drowning at sea and some more comical unexpected ways."
76561198086858671,Recommended,251990,9402919,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,taytaz28,Really fun to play
76561198024886844,Recommended,251990,9407545,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Persistant Petrichor,"This game is a stat based game where you play through the life of a princess. She has to survive until here coronation as queen on her eighteenth birthday or something like that. This game is effected by the stats you choose, when you succeed at something new dialogue is opened and when you fail at something numerous things could happen, from kingdom uprisings to your death. It's a pretty interesting game and has managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off countless times which makes it well worth the money I paid for it which was not a lot!!!"
,Recommended,251990,9631717,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,jjans002,"First looks are decieving, actually addciting."
,Recommended,251990,9955921,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,melskunk,"A delightful, if sometimes frustrating game. It's simple enough to die, and after four or five times, I did get to the end. The tricky part is trying to get other endings, some require very specific combinations. To complete the game isn't a problem, but if you want to get many of the endings, you'll need to go to online wikis or walkthroughs. I've given up on trying to get just the right timing to get some of them. It's got a lot of replayability, but it also has a lot of frustrating micromanagement and one wrong choice or slight off value can doom you much later in the game. Still, finding out all it has to offer has been worth the price."
,Recommended,251990,8521494,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Hodor,"I can finally be the prettiest queen at the ball. Life goal: Accomplished. Thanks, video games!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79e9vw1xPK0&list=PLp9tHTjW_2d9pZ6LMdzTLWVAkNfkiF1Um"
76561198134683384,Recommended,251990,9958789,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,riverperez71,"This visual novel, I guess it would be called, was absolutely amazing. There are so many options, skills to prioritize, and shows no mercy to the player. Even though the novel shoves you into certain events that must occur, it still feels fluent and natural to the pace of the game. After many saves and attempts, I have finally beat 'Long Live The Queen,' and I must say that I am thouroughly satisfied. If you are looking for a visual novel with decision-making, and many possibilities, I recommend this."
76561198036653870,Recommended,251990,9949117,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,EightFoldPath,"From the moment I watched the trailer for this game I was in love.  If I was in charge of Metascore, I'd give this game 95/100.Every second I've spent playing it has deepened that love. Very easy to learn and start playing, but probably one of the hardest games I've played. You will die. It will suck. You will overcompansate on your next play through. You will die again. It will suck even more.You know why though? Cause you will fall in love with the heroine, Elodie. She's SO FREAKING CUTE! I swear, if you play this game and don't love Elodie, I'll eat Peeps until I get sick anywhere you want me to.Awesome, fast paced, adorable, gameplay that wil kick your butt so hard you'll forget you had a butt. Don't worry though, cause you will jump right back in for more, over and over and over until you finally help Elodie survive and get her's.Just... play it already ok?"
,Recommended,251990,7643890,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Lizzie B,"Ever play Princess Maker? Imagine that, except the Princess is raising herself and instead of the ""bad ending"" being that she grows up to be some patriarchal idea of a fallen woman, the bad ending is when she's run through with a sword. Or impaled by arrows. Or breaks her neck coming down a flight of stairs. Good luck surviving to coronation!"
,Recommended,251990,9941005,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SlugFiller,"At a glance this game looks part Visual Novel, part Princess Maker (Does this genre have a name? Raising simulator?). However, both are misleading.From the Visual Novel side, while there is a very solid story, and quite a few secrets to uncover in multiple playthroughs, there are, ultimately, no diverging paths. The events always happen in the same order, and there are only a few cases where events from one week directly influence events in another.As for the skill learning part, since skills are only used in skill tests, which only pop up for specific skills at specific moments, it is useless to try to build skills based on flavor, or for general use. You can't make choices based on all the skills you have, only based on specific, arbitrary ones. And since a decent skill level requires several weeks to build, you usually need to plan ahead for the incoming skill tests, and start training right on the first week.What Long Live The Queen is, then, is a puzzle game. It requires putting a lot of thought into which skills to train in order to pass skill tests up ahead. It also requires some choice, since it's impossible to train fast enough to pass all skill tests. Additionally, Elodie's mood also needs to be considered, as it can help or prevent from training a skill. If you're looking for a brain workout with a good storyline, Long Live The Queen is the game for you.Be aware that Long Live The Queen is very much a ""wiki game"". Since a large part of the game requires planning ahead for skill tests, which are rather arbitrary and offer no way of ""predicting"" which would come next, aside from having already played through the events once and seen which skill tests are needed. While this much can be done just by memorizing and multiple replays, since skill tests are shown, the exact level of the skill required is not clearly stated, and training it too much can harm training for other skills.Additionally, while a recent patch adds a clear statement as to which skills are influenced by the current mood, other than memorization, or jotting down a table, there's no way to tell which mood you need in order to boost a certain skill which you wish to train. Since it can sometimes take several weeks and careful planning to change moods, not knowing which mood is needed may require repeating through those weeks several times. Hopefully, a future UI patch will correct this issue.Overall, this game offers a great deal of replay value, even if you remain glued to the wiki, and have a complete ""battle plan"" before each play, simply due to the various ways in which you can deal with each week, and also the fact that you must always accept a less favorable result for some weeks in order to get a more favorable result for others.Long Live The Queen. Survive 40 weeks and become the queen of Nova, or die horribly on your way to the throne."
,Recommended,251990,9662514,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,honey842,"It took me multiple attempts to get through this without dying. Saving the game isn't particularly useful because generally, if you die, it's because of something that you did or did not do weeks ago. So every time you die, you have to start back at the beginning. I liked that, though. I also really liked the story here. Loved it."
76561198056343542,Recommended,251990,9469928,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Dinkleberg,"This game has been the reason why me and my buddies nearly killed each other. This Game as girly as it looks, is bloodly amazing! The poltics and skill this game commands is great. Its fun and has many many different ways for the game to end, I for one had died by Arrow, Poisoned Chocolate, In a Duel, Falling, and by a enemy casting spells. Not only that i've been dethroned many times. Its a great game and i strong suggest it."
,Recommended,251990,8746240,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Indigo,Game is hard
,Recommended,251990,9230862,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Foxgray,"No-matter-what-you-do-you-will-die-the-other-way, the game11/10"
,Recommended,251990,9231288,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,blh92385,"It does require ""strategy"" to some degree, but it's also just an extreme micromanagement game of managing stats and skills which will probably not end up saving you in the end. 46 hours played and I have never beaten it, but I had fun trying lol. It's a difficult game despite her appearance of being a girly girl. If you like sim/strategy/stat micromanagement text based RPG type games then this one is alright. 7.5/10 rating."
,Recommended,251990,9233721,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,xcd,"really addictive, also very hard to complete this game"
76561198064958227,Recommended,251990,9233814,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,distortedr1,"This game is very fun, if you don't cheat and use a guide, and become queen through learning what to do to avoid deaths. But behind the basic end-game of becoming queen, there are a lot of secrets that you can unlock during events if you have just the right skills, and planning and preparing how stay alive and develop the skills needed to discover all these secrets is really the heart of the game, because then you really get into the politcs of the nation and more information about the royal family, and the secret behind the magic in the game. So, yes, the game can be short, if you consider it over after you make the throne. But discovering the rths hidden from the heroine is another matter and is challanging.  I does get repetitive, but the amount of save slots and the ability to save after very week helps save a lot of time. I think this game deserves at least a 75-80 on Metascore, but that's just me."
,Recommended,251990,9234808,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,arminna,"was surprised how much time i've invested in that, took me almost 9 hours to complete :) still, very enjoyable casual game, i had loads of fun with it."
76561198093122274,Recommended,251990,9819788,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,GlowCloud,"Really fun and challenging! It can tick you off a little with all the failing of tests, but it's worth it!"
,Recommended,251990,9821409,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"This is an odd one, At first glance it seems to be an average kawaii visual novel game in the anime style, but once you break its surface, it’s a very entertaining, very cruel game. You play a princess named Elodie whose mother, The Queen of Nova, died. And you are to ascend to the throne. Unfortunatly it turns out that the cosmic forces that be, have it in for kawaii crown-princesses, and your job is to make sure she lives to see her coronation.Gameplay is essentially, Elodie has moods, and moods give certain buffs or debuffs for certain skills that the player will select for Elodie to learn. The payoff is within the story scenes where events happen and depending on Elodie’s knowledge on a particular subject, there will be differing outcomes to a situation, quite a few of which can mean the difference between life and death. There are also certain outfits you can unlock which gives a boost to a particular skill.Overall, I’d recommend it. It’s deceptively fun (and dark), has good enough replay value (Especially as you will die alot) and is relatively cheap."
,Recommended,251990,9822617,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Joseph Neko,"Fun game that, despite its cute looks, is really dark, sooo much death XD"
,Recommended,251990,7642556,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"Looks can be decieving. This game is a medieval political sim, with magic and anime mixed in for maximum cuteness, and then you get poisoned chocolates and die in your own fluids."
,Not Recommended,251990,9738800,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Salvador Taco,"I did enjoy this game, and I think you should play it., but the game get's boring fast, and it's not worth the 10dollar price tag for this game. I would say try it if you like dating simesk games, but wait till it hits a good deal. like 2 bucks"
76561197972880772,Recommended,251990,7679008,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Blackbeard,"Excellent turn-based simulation!  Don't die!  (Oh, but you will.)  Fans of dating sim and time management games (Atelier games) will enjoy Long Live The Queen.  The story branches in many directions, and it's fun figuring out what stats you need to clear that check to see new parts of the game.  Don't underestimate your opponents and try to keep your cool, Elodie.  There's a whole lot of death achievements waiting for you!"
76561198311045646,Recommended,251990,25745912,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,reapermaibe,"Yay! I get to be a pretty, pretty princess! And also get killed alot...But hey! If I survive I  get to rule the Novan Kingdom... or have it snatched away from me!Also so many people want to court me... however some want to stomp on my heart...Oh but I get to be a Magical Girl! But my people don't like magical girls...Hmmm... maybe being a pretty, pretty princess isn't as great as I thought... Oh well..."
76561197975126621,Recommended,251990,8264686,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Cazamus,"The shame of this game is really just that; shame. The visual style of the game is so flowery and girly, that you would rather be caught watching beastiality than be seen playing ""Long Live The Queen"". You can explain the former easier than the latter. The game is fun, despite how the visual aspect of the game boldly says otherwise, and the story is engaging. LLTQ is best described as a choose your own adventure book, with characters you can actually connect with. If you can get over the fact that it looks like (and plays like) Princess Maker, and see it as a spiritual sucessor designed for adults, the game is exceptional. To sum it up, its a game you have to play behind 6ft of concrete so nobody can see, but it formulates some great old text driven game styles with an exceptional storyline to make a game that is suprisingly well devolped, and obviously a labor of love from a studio."
,Recommended,251990,9075525,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shun the Panda,Its a fun game that would give you many ways to die and survive! LONG LIVE QUEEN KATNISS EVERDEEN THE FIRST!!
,Recommended,251990,9075696,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Spockrocket,"DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE CUTESY ANIME ART STYLE. This is the closest goddamn thing to a Game of Thrones sim I've played. You play the crown princess of your kingdom and you have to survive 35 weeks until your coronation. It's a lot harder than it sounds. Say the wrong thing at a dinner party? POISONED CHOCOLATES IN YOUR BELLY. Refuse the demands of a lesser noble? DUEL TO THE DEATH. Go on a lovely carriage ride to visit your best friend? ARROW'D. It feels like everyone ever wants you dead. There's a bit of trial and error until you figure out when particular events happen and how to avoid them. The neat thing is there are lots of valid paths through the game, it's like a modern day Choose Your Own Adventure book. Well worth a look."
,Recommended,251990,8534977,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,furiousducks,Why is this game so much fun?
,Recommended,251990,8535469,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Full Frontal,Surprisingly additive and challenging
,Recommended,251990,8464564,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shi No Megami,"FANTASTIC and Challenging game, Long Live the Queen puts you as Elodie, the Crowned Princess working to live long enough to her coronation, along the way, depending what you teach her, there are numerous ways that the game can end, either short or long, it's actually quite fun to try to get all the ways she can die, even though there is the subject of death around, it's actually a very light heard visual novel game, i recommend getting it if you like a bit of strategy with your Visual Novel"
76561198003274236,Recommended,251990,8464737,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bottledfirefly,Long Live The Queen is an enjoyable and amusing short game if you don't have a lot of free time to play games.
76561198035647765,Recommended,251990,8466247,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,chaosnight1992,"This game had a lot of potential. It was really fun playing it through, and trying the different skill sets to reach the goals I wanted. However there are too many set events that lead to death: if you don't have certain skills you will die no matter what. Thats cool and all, but it makes it hard to lead your story, and makes a ton of skills useless. In other words there arent all of the options they claim in the trailer. They nearly made a set course of skills you have to choose. An example being that you will almost always die by poison if you dont have a high divination skill, and they make divination so important for so many events, theres no reason not to take it. While tons of other skills like horse riding are useless. Theres probably only one little optional event you'll need horseriding. I played through the story 5 times over and I've never even encounted an event mentioning it. Another thing is that they even hint that you can get your lumen jewel without saying 'screw it' and resorting to busting in by force and dissapointing your father. through all of the horrible demises you must prepare for, your corrination will be upon you by the time you could get into the treasury, making it useless.Even after all of the complaining about the limits of the game, I would still recommend playing it. It was fun, and took me a while to beat. Throughout the game you get many tiny little satisfactions from avoiding death, or simply impressing people with your skills. I promise, you wont be dissapointed until you reach the end of the game and think ""wait. what... its over? I DIDNT EVEN GET MY MAGIC YET!!!!"". . . Well those were my thoughts before turning off the game and being annoyed. lol."
,Recommended,251990,8466790,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DK,Someone challanged me to a duel and I incinerated them before refusing. This is an amazing game.
,Recommended,251990,8528276,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Nuclear Piggy,TERRIBLY ADDICTIVE AND NOWHERE NEAR AS EASY AS IT LOOKS. omgggg it's so hard to keep the princess alive! This game was way better than I could have ever expected!
76561197996647453,Recommended,251990,8529039,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,bassglasses,A very simple game to play but very complex in the choses that you can do.  It can get a little redundent in the begining after a few multiple play throughs but things get crazy as you continue on.
76561198002959404,Recommended,251990,8541532,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gaz Blackheart,Love this game so far over 10 hrs in and still much more to uncover. Games that meaningfully change depending on your choices always interest me and this one does it well in multiple ways. boosting certain stats can open new paths and conversations as well as how you make your royal descisions. be the savior your kingdom deserves or a bloodthristy tyrant...your choices shape the world. death is common and almost encouraged as you look at the achievements for dieing in different ways so dont worry too much about it its ment to be highly replayable.
,Recommended,251990,8543230,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Praetor,"This game is a lot of fun. It works as a fairly good VN type game, with an interesting story and I am looking forward to replaying it a bunch."
,Recommended,251990,8546798,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kurei♥,"It's pretty fun and quite addictive, although I had referred to guides to decide which skills to focus on first."
76561198040818803,Recommended,251990,8521013,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Annie McMeme,It's so cute and nice until you get poisoned or shot in the lung.
76561198009845050,Recommended,251990,8522841,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,groovejet,"remembers me alot about ""princess maker"""
76561198079118226,Recommended,251990,8524517,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Roundhouse,"Like choose your own adventures of days long gone, this game is rife with intrigue, comedy and tender moments that makes it fun to play again and again."
,Recommended,251990,8525025,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Steph,This game is awesome. I just wish that it was longer. It would also be cool if instead of dying all the time it shaped the kingdom around choices a bit more.
,Recommended,251990,8401760,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Red,"princess maker the roguelike. incredibleedit: alright now that i've spent some hours on this game and actually beaten it once, i can definitely say it's really great. if you like stat-managing games, buy it. if you like cute animes and visual novel elements, buy it. if you like dying repeatedly to easily avoided crap because you were too stupid to put more than 10 points into reflexes, BUY ITif you don't like the repeated-death element of roguelikes you might not like this, but on the other hand, it's relatively short - most of the gameplay is in repeating it to find out what you did wrong or to discover new solutions to old problems, and you can skip previously seen dialogue. so it doesn't take that long to get back to where you were, and seeing as there isn't a lot of randomization, the sting of defeat isn't as potent as dying on the 8th floor of a dungeon after having gotten a super rare weapon or somethingthe cover art might look questionable but honestly, there's no fanservice here. some of the (optional) outfits are slightly revealing but at no point did the main character really feel sexualized to me? it isn't creepy perverted otaku stuff, it's just a game about being a cute girl with an anime art style. the developer is a woman who makes a lot of games that appeal towards a female demographic, not some neckbeard making a fantasy anime girl simulatorit's a little short for me to recommend it to the average person for $10 unless you're confident you enjoy this type of game, but there's a demo on the game's website that gives you a good taste of what it's like. if you can get it half-off on a steam sale i absolutely recommend grabbing it as a surprisingly difficult, funny, well put-together indie game with a fair bit of replayability.don't forget to put points into intrigue and court manners, ya rube"
,Recommended,251990,8526322,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,pseudoartiste,"Very addicting strategy game, required multiple, MULTIPLE plays. I didn't mind though, as some of the outcomes are so unexpected it keeps you from getting bored. Definitely a case of 'don't judge a book by its cover' if you are on the fence due to the cute look of this game."
,Recommended,251990,9713949,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,hatsunator,I got killed by Tentacles...10/10
,Recommended,251990,8645617,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Angusburger1,Don't let the anime art turn you off. It's actually a good game that offers you an RPG type experience with different skill trees which effects the choices throughout the campaign enabling some replayability. The choices in turn will obviously determine the storyline and even cut it short.
,Recommended,251990,8655366,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Apex Cataclysm,"Hilarious game, where the ""queen"" pretty much always dies, it doesnt matter what you try an do she will fail at 65% of tests or attacks and die after you start to make progress its hilarious, the different ways she dies, im starting to think the point of the game is to make it further to then next death sequence and collect them all same with grave stones, so far the girl has dieded because she was ambushed going to her friends brithday and was shot with an arrow and having not researched the right things she decided to push the arrow deeper and killed herself, and the other was after a cival war and winning it she was sent chocolates which she ate and was poisioned. Its funny."
,Recommended,251990,8655527,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,copypasta,"Reqiures a lot of thought, very puzzling and mind bending. Lots of fun too!"
,Recommended,251990,8657404,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mongooser,"A really interesting game. Was sold by the charming trailer. Takes several attempts to get your bearings, but is ultimately pretty rewarding. Suffers from a bit of repetition as you have to replay certain segments multiple times, but it is worth it to see how the story can play out based on your decisions."
76561197970739839,Recommended,251990,8662278,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Famine,"fun and interesting, but too short, and the events do not change on replay. would be better if they randomized some of the events."
,Not Recommended,251990,8991221,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,The memes are in my blood,"I like this game but at the same time, you need to know what will happen when it will happen. It rushes you in and tests you like that. I rage a lot when I fail a test, and though its a fun game, the mood penalties are also very unfair compared to how much you get for a bonus!"
,Recommended,251990,8927148,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,InvalidCat,waifu fapping death simulator 2014
76561198015229979,Recommended,251990,9090939,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,patyos,Great game with wonderful characters and story  the later game requires some strategy in order to get the endings
76561198032403176,Recommended,251990,9083893,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,eakugler,"Fantastic Visual Novel, with a lot of interconnected stories, options and deaths.  SO MANY DEATHS."
76561197960416206,Recommended,251990,9098097,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Severijn,"Let's get one thing out of the way: yes, the aesthetic of the game is aimed at girls and young women. This does not mean that the game is only for them though. As a game it is weirdly compelling to play. There is a certain joy to be found in seeing your princess grow more into her role thanks to your lessons. But there is more to it than that. The world is well-crafted and full of intrigue. Our princess is very naive at the start and  her country is in shambles. Not only that, but inside the court she is surrounded by traitors and usurpers. And this information is not spat out there like in any game. Many times the threat is subtle until it is too late, adding some paranoia to the mix. This also makes the game quite difficult, but mostly fair. Many of the ways that you can die are clearly foreshadowed.It's very creative and unlike any game I have played. It presents a story and a challenge. What more could you want?"
76561198025469029,Recommended,251990,9098829,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,wasabiyanyan,♥♥♥♥♥ this game is harder than it looks.
76561197999036552,Recommended,251990,9104867,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,WeightyUnit88,Frustratingly addictive trying to make it to the end; bit anti-climactic but not bad for a cheap game
76561198057933666,Recommended,251990,7988008,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lockersnap,"It's a numbers game and a lot of fun.  I got attached to the princess and vendettas formed against other characters.  It was rewarding to see your efforts pay off, even if you don't end up making it to the end."
,Recommended,251990,9393162,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,jaderade,"I actually really like this game. It's frustrating though that you can't jump ahead to certain points that you've already passed. It's hard when you miss something by one lesson and have to go through the entire thing all over again. Especially when it takes you forever to pass a point, and then die anyways because you didn't know what was coming next. I'm not complaining about the surprises, but it just takes so long to get anywhere that you almost get the the point of throwing something across the room when you inevitably die, at the same spot you've died at 500 times already.It's a love/hate relationship."
,Recommended,251990,9689765,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Comatose Turtle,"Decided to go to a friend's birthday party, but was killed by an arrow on the way.  Never did figure out how to save.10/10"
,Recommended,251990,9690639,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Timber,"Probably the most accurate monarchy simulator ever made. The gameplay is extremely simple- you schedule Princess Elodie's classes in order to grind various stats in order to advance through a flow chart of possible events, with the goal of making it to the end alive. What makes the game really shine though is its extremely vast depth- there are loads of different events that can be triggered, and several possible ways to get through them, and how you get through those events can often affect other events later down the road. Replayability is impressive- it's highly unlikely for two playthroughs to ever be the same. The game is fiendishly difficult until you've played through it enough to know which pitfalls are coming and what skills you can use to avoid them, and pretty much every strategy you can think of is viable. The artwork is also very cute, the worldbuilding is pretty extensive, and the writing can get pretty clever. Also, Elodie will die. A lot. It's inevitable. But yeah, this game is really fun, surprisingly deep for what it is, and Elodie's subjects yelling ""LONG LIVE THE QUEEN! LONG LIVE THE QUEEN! LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!"" when you win is always satisfying, no matter how many times you've beaten it."
76561198192938819,Recommended,251990,20904639,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,tumpanaios,"Played it 5 hours ,found some successful paths. Tha game is nice to play and makes you think a strategy in order to survive. Well that happens after what happens in the future which you learn when u die and then try to prevent that by altering your past decisions. It is a nice game recommend if is on sale."
,Recommended,251990,8225181,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Loviatar,"This game, man. This game teaches the perfectionist completionist that you just can't get everything done. If you choose to make sure you pass one skill check, you fail four others. It's an exercise in frustration and memorization - but it's not so frustrating that you ever totally give up on it, just feel a desire to try harder. And also a desire to see just how many ways you can get Elodie to die in. The skill checks subtly influence Elodie's personality in a way where she remains a realistic teenager the whole way through, one who can be stupid or precocious, bitter or cruel or a sentimental sap, weak or strong in either mind or body. The only major quibble I really have with the game is the stat-boosting outfits; their appearances, for the most part, are dull. But hey, that's a really minor complaint, isn't it?"
76561198035302161,Recommended,251990,8247175,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,hammaryn,"If you're a fan of other Hanako titles, well worth the purchase.  There's a lot of variety in game play and it's fun to find all the different ways to die. :)"
,Recommended,251990,10113691,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Mopit,Probably the best game on steam.
,Recommended,251990,10106552,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Sigfried,"Its fun, its cute, it has some depthLong Live The Queen promises a cute and simple game with strong humor and it delivers. If you like the intro movie you should enjoy at least a few play throughs of the game itself.It has a few levels of play. At first you are just exploring and having fun with what happens. Then you start to think about winning and chart a course through the game, optimizing skills and focusing on getting past what killed you. Then you win. And then you start to say, “what if I did it differently” and you discover all the little side roads and back woods the game has to offer at which point your appreciation really deepens.What it does, it does really well and it shows a lot of craftsmanship and careful thought. If you revel in its creativity and not its game mechanics you will be more rewarded than if you simply treat it as a challenge survive to the end."
,Recommended,251990,10173868,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Simpai,"Very fun game! Challenging, exciting, and great artwork too.The only thing is that I wish it was a bit longer. But other than that I would definetly reccomend this :)"
,Recommended,251990,9937227,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Kittie,"As a huge fangirl of Princess Maker 2, I absolutely loved this game :) Too short though! Hours of fun and worth the money!"
76561198054926015,Recommended,251990,7699602,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,K Man,This is a fun little game where you have to raise your daughter the princess to reach her coronation. You choose the skills she is to be trained as to avoid obstacles that arise. It'd good when you have a few hours to waste and dont want to be stressed out by an action game.
76561198064026795,Recommended,251990,8723515,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,UnlimitedApathy,A fun unique game with an interesting humouros plot and a great variety. The cutsey astetic is refreshing and interesting. Definetly worth the $10 A fast favorite
,Recommended,251990,8725770,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,genisage,"This game has a lot of positive qualities. The soundtrack is excellent, the story and writing are pretty good, there's a lot of gameplay packed into a very simple game, and then there's the ""OMG! かわいいです！"" factor. This is a visual novel built around mood management, so you probably already know if you're going to like it or not.The one thing that disappointed me was that the story is not at all randomized. If the events of the story varied between playthroughs, this game would be one of my favorite things ever. As it is, I thoroughly enjoyed it (and am still enjoying it) and would recommend it to anybody who likes visual novels."
76561198041200051,Recommended,251990,8801469,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Tygerr,It's fun. Play it.
,Recommended,251990,8803607,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mindcrank,"I can't beat this game, but it's still amazingly fun. I keep losing and coming back for more and will keep doing so."
76561198067458982,Recommended,251990,8534062,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,sxj656,Fun game with large combination of possible endings. Adorable anime graphics and dark humour throughout. Certainly recommended.
,Recommended,251990,11026114,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chaotikku,"This game is absolutely ridiculous. It has barely any animation, about four or five different tracks, and quite honestly a couple of deviantART tier portraits.And I absolutely cannot stop playing.The story is fluid. Every decisiou you make, every skill you prepare, it all matters. If you♥♥♥♥♥♥off a noble because you didn't train your court manners, I seriously hope you put time into military or swords because you're going to die if you didn't. The world feels really rich. Every character has a personality. You really sympathise with Elodie, and you can help her become a kind ruler loved by all, or become a dark cruel queen, who uses energy blasts to kill any who cross you.Or you could choke on a poisoned chocolate.8.5/10 It's okay"
76561197993268298,Recommended,251990,11059668,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,RobRobot,"I almost want to call this a roguelike visual novel.  I can't even begin to explain how many times I've died, but I've enjoyed every miserable failure.  Every time I think I have it figured out, something else catches me off guard.  The good news is that some of the events are scripted and you can learn to plan for them.I've avoided reading the walkthroughs or strat guides because I want to figure this all out by myself, but that may take a long, long time.Highly enjoyable, and the Princess is adorable."
,Recommended,251990,11060233,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,scotka11,An addicting visual novel with a high replay value!
,Recommended,251990,11072329,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[dev] HB,"If you are a fan of spreadsheet games, this one is a must. Adorable yet chalenging when it needs to be, trying to stay alive while dealing with the country is not a small feat. Great!"
76561197999892159,Recommended,251990,11074214,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Vaalin,"A most wonderful and intriguing game with a deceptively simple gameplay which in truth hids an ingenious and subtle strategic challenge. The player is required to prepare the main character so as to have her, the princess, survive through all the dangers lying between her and the day of her coronation. The challenge lies in the fact that such dangers are various, hidden or sudden and even the most scrupolous and rigid princess trainer can meet failure by the hands of dirty underhanded traps.This is to add to a scripted plot which will have you face a great variety of situations which will spell doom for those who will simple and single mindedly specialise too much only in certain education branches.Every situation, every trap that lies ahead, requires planning to get through and one must be ready to make sacrifices or to be flexibile along the way so as not to perish.The first run of the game is the most fun and bloody and frustrating of course, with the player discovering the scripted plot and its dangers little by little, but it is the most satisfaying too, due to the sheer joy one feels when (though it would be better to say IF) beating the game and finally reaching the coronation ceremony - it doesn't matter how, if by civil war bloodshed or by enforcing your royal divine right through magic or both, you will just feel relieved and super badass for playing it right.Subsequent runs of the game keep being entertaining due to the amazing number of combinations of choices to explore so as to unblock all achievements and unveil all the hidden subplots of the game, which I found really well crafted and enjoyable.In conclusion, the pretty girly graphic is but a cover for a truly magnificent and genial gloomy, grim plot worth of the best fantasy books. The setting itself is pretty solid too and one cannot but marvel at such a precious gem this unfortunately pretty unknown game turns to be.Last but not least, a note of caution and a piece of advice for new players: beware whom you trust."
76561198068853097,Recommended,251990,11074657,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bambi,"Extremely good game, Addiciting as hell. Be warned you will die many times :L"
,Recommended,251990,11077915,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,humdrumsoftware,"Excellent game, there are many permutations and levels of subtlety far beyond what I would have expected given the cutesy veneer; there is a certain degree of micromanagement required to get the craziest achievements/endings though!"
76561198119644343,Recommended,251990,11079283,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,R3ECE_M,"I bought this game in the steam sale, because I had it on my wishlist for a long time, and my friend constantly told me theres hardly any visuals so I wont like it. So I was sceptical to pick it up for £6 so when it came on sale for £1.74 I picked it up and honestly im glad I did. I have played 15 hours of the game and had numerous tries at the story line, I'm missing just 3 stained glass windows have all the deaths and achievements. I created the badge for the game twice, and will eventually be turning it into a level 5 badge and a foil badge.It is easily my favourite game this year so far for me and I recommend anyone to buy it. Also the creator of the game Hanako, is on steam and adds fans, he/she is very kind to the fans and helpful if you have any questions.Can't wait for a sequel :)"
76561197993546016,Recommended,251990,11085691,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,redscarwolf,Best death simulator I have ever played. Ten Outta Ten
,Recommended,251990,11065879,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Happy,"Play this infront of family , gets a dress the next day"
,Recommended,251990,9215621,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,jionunez,"Don't be fooled by its appearance, this game is actually incredibly fun, and pretty difficult especially for the first few playthroughs. I heavily reccomend it!After a few more playthroughts, let my just say that it is MUCH harder than I thought it would be. I literally have a pen and paper to take notes on what I do wrong and how to NOT DIE."
76561197985787912,Recommended,251990,10945299,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lazor,i bekamed a princess! was 14!! Kawaii as ♥♥♥♥. Would becomes pirncess again
,Recommended,251990,10912945,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zedyue,"Basically a different kind of choose your own adventure / visual novel. Fun, but hard if you have a bad memory."
,Recommended,251990,10962029,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,S x a H i,10/10Executed every single person brought before me.Slaughtered tons of people when attacked by banditsDied to arrowsWENT OUT LIKE A CHAMP.
76561198035616607,Recommended,251990,10962076,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Theycomeinthenight,10/10 I am the prettiest princess
76561198072230083,Recommended,251990,10962565,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TealTears,I got this game out a sheer whim and I am addicted. Clocked 11 hours so far in 2 days. Not only does it allow you to choose what your going to do but how your going to do. And it's very easy to die and trust me it's very frustrating to keep dieing over and over again. I only made it through alive out of sheer luck. However you get many achivements depending on what ending you get. Even if you make it to your cordination there are still about five other paths you can still take. It never ends and I love it!My only compalint is after awhile you begin to see the same senarios over and over again. Besides that it's a good game for a slower more causaul game play.
76561198083744441,Recommended,251990,10962735,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dota2IsMagic,"Tried to win the war with magic, then with strategy, ended up winning by singing with my beautiful pricess voice, foud out later you can win with magic and etc but I just suck at it, 10/10 found my calling in life.No, really, it's a difficult game and not as cute as it seems to be, had to replay 4 or 5 times just to win and then replayed it some more to find different paths, and I know there is still at least 2 paths I haven't been able to finish properly.Would totally recommend, if you want to just play randomly and see what happens it's a lot of fun, but if you want to find the perfect strategy the system is pretty solid and let's you do that too, write things down if you need to, my character list made me realize how much thought went into this game, everyone is important, even if in your usual path it doesn't seem like it, they are surely important in some other path you haven't found yet."
76561198068924626,Recommended,251990,10963046,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,spiderjace,This game is the best. The literal best.
76561198101056845,Recommended,251990,10963138,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TragicEdge,Long Live The Queen is best descibed as a simulation that relies heavily on stats you develop through activites for certain events to trigger. Much like Shin Megami Tensei Persona 3. But in all honesty you play out the life story of the next Queen of Nova. If you enjoy some quirky outfits and dialogue and are just looking for something to pass the time and get some laughs then i recommend it. Each play through offers something different for you if you build up in adifferent stats by those times. I've only played it for a few hours and died maybe 8 times already and i keep wanting to come back to it. Hope you enjoy it!
,Recommended,251990,10963166,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,IAmLoisLane,"I like this game a lot. I jokingly refer to it as my pretty pretty princess game, but it's actually more a strategy/RPG that has a lot of really fun and interesting ways to die.You get badges for dying. It's pretty epic.I'm not what I would consider a gamer, so don't know that this would be for everyone, but it's my go-to game. I really enjoy it."
,Recommended,251990,10973203,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dreamweaver,"Call it either a regency or regicide simulator. The challenge is either to help the princess avoid various gruesome deaths and make it to her coronation, or to get her killed in a variety of ways. George RR Martin would be proud. The game is a simple set of choices, building up survival skills and changing the princess's moods to provide bonuses to her learning ability. It's a choose-your-own-adventure at heart, and the choices are static (ie they don't change if the variables are identical) so the game has a limited shelf life. It's entertaining in spurts though, and each playthrough is short so it's a decent pick-up-and-play when the mood is there."
,Recommended,251990,10974318,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ninelion,"Oh, you thought being a princess would be easy? All looking pretty and drinking tea with your little finger extended? Think again, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Being Elodie, 14-year-old heir to the queendom of Nova, is anything but simple. Yeah, she can learn courtly manners and how to dance, but to survive at all she has to also study foreign history, learn how to swordfight, become a naval strategist, be able to identify poisonandlearn how to wield magic (among other skills), all while avoiding assassins, forest monsters, scheming nobles and all-out civil war. Think Westeros, not Disney.If that seems like a lot to balance - it is. You will die a lot. You will not get to the coronation at the end on your first try. You may not even get there on your fifth try! But every time you die only bolsters your determination to get there - or, at least, that's how it worked for me. And goddamnis it addictive.PROS+ surprisingly deep gameplay+ lots of endings, so high replayability factor+ cute, well-done artwork (look,Iliked it, but you may not if you're easily deterred by anime, lack of fanservice in said anime, or the colour pink)+ previously-mentioned lack of fanservice - aside from maybe two of the ten or so outfits Elodie can wear, there's essentially no gratuitous skin or unbelievable boobs in the entire thing, which I found a refreshing change+ interesting story-world (matriarchal society! fleshed-out history!)+ addictive as hellCONS- generally requires replaying it a million times and/or looking up walkthroughs to win at all (unless you're really lucky)- the usual cons associated with anything visual-novel-esque - lots of clicking through already-read text, a bit slower-paced than most other games, etc.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who's into strategy, strong female characters, visual novels or having their character die a lot.9/10"
,Recommended,251990,10974538,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,senna,"Game of Thrones with a glam, and a lot of it. This tells it all.The point is not becoming a queen or raising up skills but the feeling that every person in the world wants to kill a kawaii little girl just because she was unfortunate enough to be a princess. This in the end will probably turn this very kawaii little girl into ruthless, merciless person, who values her life more than anything."
,Recommended,251990,10975950,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PokeShadow,"If you like visual novels, keep reading, else, keep reading! :)So, I've always wondered what was the fuss about ""long live the queen"", so when the summer sale reached this game, I had to try it out and I must say I'm not dissapointed.You've two choices in this game... you die trying to get your coronation to be a queen... or die anyway .. jk you may live. :DIt's awesome that any choose you make, may directly kill you, the skills you evolve in the game may either save you or kill you, and even your own pawns (cofcountry peoplecof) may want your head just when you saved their bodies and ***.The weird thing is, too many people can't get the coronation, and I got it in 2 hours.... I'm bad at this game, to only die 2 times instead of those awesome deaths you may get. Well, time to try to get all the deaths... you know for scientific reasons.edit; how could I forget this... you can get suits for all tastes... madoka fans will like it too ;D"
76561198014871595,Recommended,251990,11241041,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Taedran,"Not sure what I think... it's fun, but I beat it in only 86 minutes... so not sure if it's worth the $10 price tag. Lot of replay value though I guess, so....  If you like light novels or enjoy reading, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,251990,11242065,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,PolosElite23,"This game...is so much fun...Okay Polos, easy boy...let's not let this consume you're time like WoT or Civ V...Ahem...This game is fun. In one play through I won a civil war, failed a ball, speech and parade spectacularly, I won a war. All to die by Chocolates, because Elodie didn't realize it fast enough and my skill level was too low... *sigh*However...for once a death in the game... made me want to play it soooo much more. I love it.The game simple, but complex at the same time. No matter what you do, something is going to come out and suprise you. Events happen, but Elodie's mood, choices and other randomized events and things play a role in wether or not Elodie becomes Queen. No game is the same....it makes the replay value skyrocket in my opinion, much like FTL or Papers, Please. there is a lot to do and see in the game.I am now determined to win this damn game!I must!THE QUEEN IS DEAD! LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!"
76561198078869953,Recommended,251990,11249328,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Child Molester,This is a very nice visual novel sort of game. 10/10 would bang.
76561198071783371,Recommended,251990,11226861,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,shadowstaci,Nice game! So many ways to die mwaahahaahahaha
76561198080222182,Recommended,251990,11227468,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Anthony Oury,Live how you want. Die in all the ways you don't want.Make your choice.
76561197990447294,Recommended,251990,11229668,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,amusselm,"""Long Live the Queen"" is quite the interesting turn-based RPG. You play the the young crown princess of a fictional kingdom as she trys to navigate a political, military and even supernatural minefield. Every decision is an excruiscating trade-off with potentially deadly consequences. Level the wrong skill, approach the wrong suitor, trust the wrong people, eat the wrong chocolate and you're dead. Yet, in choosing to level one skill you're possibly falling behind in something that can save your life later on. The more you play this, the more that become apparent.The game is deeply story based, which is a bit of double-edged sword. The political world of Nova and it's surroundings is lovingly detailed, even if you only get narrow view of any part of it at a time. But, there are no random events to shake things up. Big parts of the story will reoccure no matter what you will do. That said, there are enough choices to keep you from having the exact same play-throught twice (unless you're trying to do exactly that). Yes, this does mean ultimately potentially limited re-play value, but the story and it's world is good enough to justify it in my mind. Indeed, knowing what's coming down the pipe might be your only way to have a fighting chance at this game. Even with theis foreknoledge, it's a tough game.Ultimately, the combination of story, setting and gameplay shine through. Even with the gift of the player's foreknoledge, there is no truly clear right answers, just some that are less wrong. Ultimately I think that's a sign of well designed gameplay that is definately worth experiencing."
76561198054979142,Recommended,251990,11358102,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Wildberry Jam,Surprisingly addictive! Even having finished the game once I can tell by the achievements that there is sooo much content that I have missed.
76561197992253608,Recommended,251990,11365813,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Andrew Jackson: Combat Cyborg,"Like rogue-likes? Enjoy the thrill of haplessly wandering forward and bashing your metaphorical head into a wall over and over to see which will cave in first? Great! Now imagine that but instead of guiding a baby through a basement or an adventurer through a dungeon, you're the omniscent handler of a hapless, incredibly stupid young woman. Yes, it is really heavily borrowing from Princess Maker, but let me just say this: I've been playing for fifteen minutes and my freakish, doe-eyed anime abomination has already sentenced two people to jail, been bitten by a snake, commited damning foreign relations blunders and refused to usher in the age of printed media because she couldn't comprehend the idea of a printing press as it was explained to her. Grab this on sale and you will certainly get some laughs out of it."
,Recommended,251990,11366252,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dizzert,"This game is awesome!I love how many choices it gives you. Every choice can potentially change the outcome of your game, and the possibilities are insanely huge! I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys a mildly strategic outlook to their games. Plus there's a dash of humor added- and who doesn't like a laugh now and again?"
76561198107078265,Recommended,251990,11369802,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,FlashyPenguin,"its fun but if you have the wrong skills high/low, youre dead... still fun though"
,Recommended,251990,7617628,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,vendiir,This game is one of the most fun I have played in a long time. Will recommend to anyone who asks.
76561198099342452,Recommended,251990,11344432,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Long John Strokey,This game is both fun and frustrating. It essentially the numbers behind and rpg whilst also incorporating npc interaction and consequence for the player's actions. I would highly recommend this game not only for liesure purposes but also rpg campaign design.
76561198009060975,Recommended,251990,11267198,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Edgar Ellen Poe,Long live the Queen is like playing irl except you are a girl and you need to not die. I'm very sure the developers of this game forgot to do 3d lol
,Recommended,251990,11840839,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Huge Mistake,Be Queen for a day. Or half an hour. Either way you're wearing a dress.
76561198077243619,Recommended,251990,12068362,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Karpo,"""Long Live The Queen"" looks like a cutesy casual game, but it actually takes a lot of pre-planning and strategy so you can make it to Elodie's coronation alive.The game has appealing art, interesting characters, along with a balanced amount of reading and choosing. There are many ways to die and plenty of ways to save Nova, so I say go try it out!"
76561198045581036,Recommended,251990,12088870,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Penumbra,"Felt like a Princess, so dainty and free.Pro's:You have access to many skills that leaves plenty for experimentation.The story is a good driving force.It's quite kiwi and moe but only in so much if you let your decisions affect that.Easy to understand mechanics/skills.Death by bad manners.Con's:The story itself is rather short. Completed the game twice under 5 hours after experimenting with skills.Predictability, there is a diviniation skill that should only be used for the first playthrough. Since after death,  you pretty much know which skill you have to level up to avoid that death.It's anime-esk and can be very kiwi.The events are always in the same order. It would have been nice if there were more random events that made use of the skill system."
76561198077923874,Recommended,251990,9140970,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Flameraiser,"So I bought this game on a whim, after a LoL streamer I was watching at the time made a big fuss over it. The overly cutesy outward appearance made me question my decision at first, expecting it to be one of those ""games aimed at girls"" with appearances taking precedence over actual content. Thankfully, I was wrong.So, what is this game then? In essence, it's a mix of visual novel and ""breeding simulator"". The game consists of ~40 week long storyline. Each week you choose what the main character, Elodie, will study in morning and evening, while during the weekend Elodie has the option of visiting one of several places, some of which are unlocked by reaching certain skill tresholds. Most of these locations affect her current Mood. The rate at which Elodie learns the varying skills in the game depends on her current Mood (range of eight emotions, including Angry, Pressured and Cheerful) as well as how advanced she already is both in the general subject as well as the greater aspect. For example, let's say Elodie is already well-versed in all aspects of Intrigue as well as both Novan and World History. Both her general aptitude with Intellectual matters as well as her aptitude in history makes it a breeze to learn Foreign Affairs, also found under History.In addition to deciding what Elodie wants to learn every week and visiting a location, every week progresses the story of the game, facing Elodie with both challenges of every day life as well as the responsibilities of being the queen-to-be. These challenges come in form of events with Skill Checks. For example an inventor has requested an audience to seek funding for his invention. If Elodie has the required skills to understand how beneficial this invention could prove, she has the option of either giving the funding needed or dismissing the inventor. On the other hand, lacking the skills required Elodie automatically dismisses the inventor, scoffing at the invention.These skill checks have varying degree of importance. Some checks don't affect the game, only providing extra info to the player. Others either subtly or obviously change the story. Some affect Elodie's mood or unlock an area to visit during the weekend. Finally there are literally game-ending checks that lead to one of the numerous (over a dozen) Dead Ends the game has to offer.One important thing to know is that there are no dice rolls or other random things in this game. You either fail the check or succeed based on your skill level, although some checks also have the possibility of partial success. Partial successes are mainly used when you face a series of checks in a row. As an example, you get attacked: failing to react means you die. Partial success means you have less time to react and as such the following check will be harder, while full success means easier follow-up check.The story itself is partially branching: the game always starts the same and always leads to the same final challenge: while the story does branch depending on your choices, the branching ""merely"" affects how your Elodie shapes out to be, how ready your kingdom and your Elodie are to meet the final challenge and what options are available to you to deal with it. There are several very different ways to deal with the final challenge, although more ways would have been welcome in my humble opinion.Which leads to my general opinion of the game:Goods:+ Interesting story with plenty of unexpected turns, some of which you might completely miss on first playthrough because your skills are either too low (or too high!) to see them.+ Plenty of ways to get the good ending, as well as over a dozen bad ends to find, giving the game more replayablity.+ Dialogue is mostly well written. It flows surprisingly well even when there is some monologue added/missing depending on your skills.+ Lots of hidden stuff you only find by really going for them.Bad:- Aesthetics are a bit on the overly ""girly"" side for my taste.- Music gets repetitive. The track is decent, but the game would have benefited from having a broader music score.- Too many skills with 1-2 uses in the entire game, some of them hidden in branches of the story you may not even find unless purposefully gunning for them.- Combined with the above, many skills have a threshold after which there is little to no point in raising them, since vast majority of the skill checks do not require full 100% in a skill."
,Recommended,251990,9146584,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jmcyoder,"WOW. Great, addicting game."
,Recommended,251990,9368967,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kikibrowning,i barely recommend this as it's hard to live through anything and you've to look up a walkthrough for every reward to complete. it has a great deal of choices which is why i guess it's so hard not to die
76561198004576021,Recommended,251990,9019900,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Pacifist Floran,"this game is hard. good, but hard. it has a lot of replay value, almost too much in my opinion as getting every death and every ending takes bloody ages."
,Recommended,251990,9265355,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,NemuNemu Tanuki-san,"This game is pretty underated. It involves a lot of thinking and strategy. I've spent quite a lot of time thinking and stratigizing on which stats to level up, and how to alter Elodie's mood to make her get boosts on certain skills.It is really quite a deep game, that takes some time to get used to.Sometimes I think that there is a certain set path of doing things, because there are events that happen on the same day everytime you start a new game.The music was pretty good too!And also... it's not an easy game. Prepare to die, well at least I did.The minor things: hated the UI, it was kind of awkward. But not enough to make the game bad."
,Recommended,251990,9118131,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,:wq,"Long Live The Queen is a cross between a puzzle game, visual novel, and a choose-your-own-adventure book. Each week you get to increase up to 2 skills, and the modifier for how much the skill increases by is based on your mood. Your mood can either be affected by in-game events or through your own decisions at the start of each week.The puzzle element comes from deciding which skills are useful/going to be useful, and then managing your mood to efficiently increase those skills. There's a degree of trial and error, because you will die. Often. But I didn't find the deaths discouraging; instead you feel the urge to simply start over and try a new strategy.I would say it takes between 2 to 3 hours for a normal playthrough. I'm not sure how much replayability there is, considering that this is a deterministic game. Everything happens at specific times and each event has certain skill checks associated with it that don't vary. Sure, there are multiple ways to achieve the ending, so you'll at least be able to replay the game somewhat... just don't expect 12 hours of play time.Art is really good. Soundtrack is nothing spectacular, but very fitting of the game. UI is intuitive.It's a well-made game. I'd recommend it.(Did I mention that the developer console is actually a Python interpreter? How cool is that?!)"
76561198048799436,Recommended,251990,9290999,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Troyseph,"Really enjoyable, I like the breadth of the storyline and the extent to which it changes based on even the slightest change early on, while I have found the start somewhat monotonous it might be because I am terrible at the game and die more frequently than expected or am not very inventive when it comes to my opening decisions!"
76561197960777906,Recommended,251990,9297728,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MuX,Got it on sail and its worth a few lol's. Its sorta like an old choose your own adventure book from childhood. Not sure if i would get it at full price.
,Recommended,251990,9220532,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,rapturence,"This game is a lot harder than it looks. Think of it as a strategy-visual novel where you need to put a LOT of thought into which skills to invest in in order to pass the ""tests"" as you play. And trust me, it'll take a lot of attempts because chances are you WILL die many times over. Reaching your coronation as queen sure is hard.I actually wrote a log of the events by hand just to see what's coming. The game gets around this by randomizing the order of events a bit and making sure you can't pass every single test of skill: the plot will change depending on what you pass and what you fail. Not only that but you need to take care of your mood which acts as a multiplier (positive or negative) for your skills. As an example, if you're Angry you get more points if you train your Military or Intrigue skills, but you get a penalty for Faith and Royal Demeanor skills.It is very complex and you'll end up trying all sorts of things to get to the end of 40 weeks. But once you do, the feeling of success is unmatched."
,Recommended,251990,9222178,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dazzikins (bru74Lbutt3rf1y),"Don't judge this game by the way it looks; sure it looks girly with a catchy tune and cute art, but for the sake of you completing your goal, a lot of strategy will be needed for this game. I was very surprised on my first run through of the game that I didn't make it even close to the ending and had to restart. I switched up my strategy and my second run was even worse.This game quickly taught me that strategy is a huge key factor and that every decision I make will certainly effect choices down the road. It will most definitely have you coming back for more until you can come up with the best way to beat the game. I highly recommend this game for those who are considering it.""LOVE LIVE THE QUEEN!"""
76561198039676709,Recommended,251990,9224803,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,JinxieJade,Love this game!! It's so hard though!
,Recommended,251990,9225768,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,LooSyxD,:3
,Recommended,251990,9189496,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,GFoppy フォッピー,"An RPG life-sim similar to the very old Princess Maker games, except that you can die from many different threats to your crown. Your ability to survive them will depend on the prerequisite stats you have trained over the course of the game. There tends to be a lot of trial, error, and luck as many of the ways to die can be completely unexpected and unanticipated. However, there are usually multiple ways to avoid these situations depending on your stats or earlier choices.Keep some pen and paper nearby while playing this game, because taking notes and anticipating threats is the key to winning and surviving.Highly addictive game because it encourages multiple playthroughs, with several possible epilogues to unlock. Different paths and conversations will also unlock depending on your stats, and each of them will reveal different sides of the story and additional background for all of the characters.This game might not be for everyone, because it can feel too random and punishing. But for those who don't mind the perseverance, it's very charming, well-written, and rewarding once you reach the ending(s).Some non-spoiler HINTS:- SAVE SAVE SAVE! The game gives you hundreds of save slots for a reason: you are expected to save at every week, and reload an earlier save in case you die.- The game always gives prompts for skill checks. These are big hints on how you can unlock alternate paths or alternate solutions to problems/threats. Take note of when they happen and train them up beforehand.- You cannot max everything across all three main categories. Pick which skills to focus on and which ones to sacrifice.- If you choose to focus on Weapon skills, you MUST have high Reflexes as well. Hitting your opponent is one thing, you also need reflexes to dodge their hits!- Maxing all your Magic skills is one of the easiest ways to win the game. However, obtaining the ability to use Magic is difficult and requires some planning beforehand.- Having very high Divination early on will help you to foresee bad events in the future.- You can survive the game without learning any Physical or Magic skills. But you need very high Social and Intelligence skills to do so, and you must avoid any situations that put you at physical risk.- Animal Handling is _mostly_ useless except for Horses."
,Recommended,251990,9347938,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Analysis,Such queen. So dead. Much learn.
76561198110394606,Recommended,251990,9269467,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,MacyTrooper,"I've really been enjoying this game, especially after work when I want to relax with something relatively calm but engaging. The strategic elements are becoming more apparent after playing several games, and it's interesting to discover the game's Novan universe in an oblique way, as you learn about everything through Elodie's eyes.Definitely recommended for gamers who enjoy strategy and imagine that they could do better than advisors on Game of Thrones..."
76561198118749622,Recommended,251990,9274912,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,aplagueofzubats,"Despite the overly sugar-sweet graphics that may initially put people off, this game is deceptively challenging and a great deal of fun. There's enough lore and history interweaven in the world to make it interesting and make you want to keep exploring - which will probably end up being your demise. Multiple times. In a number of really ridiculous and gruesome ways. If you like text-based games, I definitely recommend this one!"
,Recommended,251990,9200824,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mahvelous,super cute game that's annoyingly frustrating at times especially when elodie keeps eATING THE ♥♥♥♥ING CHOCOLATES
,Recommended,251990,9200904,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Yup,Buy it if it's on sale if you must have it. Lack of a 'new game plus' mode turns what could be a fun experiment with story exploration into a dull slog... I have only found one way to win and only one way to do it (after 12+ playthroughs.)
,Recommended,251990,9203277,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,LadyAurora,"This is a seriously adicting game. You never know what skill you are going to need to have boosted when, and each death has you starting again determined to raise Elodie into a better (and often more ruthless) queen. Once you get the hang of it you can play through parts of the game really fast - which is good because you will be doing a lot of backtracking to find what needs to be done to keep her alive to corrination. Check this game out if it has your intrest at all - you wont be dissappointed."
,Recommended,251990,12153653,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,-DI- Killer ♥⛧,bow down to the pretty pretty princess mother ♥♥♥♥ers
76561198034747621,Recommended,251990,12153973,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Mr. Body Massage,"Less of a game,and more of a series of trails and errors,I still find a lot of charm in this game.As you grow the Queen and lead her through struggles,conflicts,and her own self-realization,the nature of the game tends to grow on you.I enjoy it,but it's definitely not for everyone."
76561198017790893,Recommended,251990,12156882,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Dead Battery,Ate poision baked goods because of horrible foresight and a lack of cognitive application.10/10
,Recommended,251990,11898725,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,plant,"Parts Visual Novel and parts strategy RPG (???), I really enjoyed unlocking costumes for the princess and  trying out different level up builds. I played through enough to beat it a couple different ways and to die a lot more than that. Replayability falls a lot after you beat the game, as there is no real New Game + incentive and I was like ""damn I already beat it who cares."" I'll probably play through it again some time with some walkthroughs to try to get the rest of the achievements though!"
76561198002513096,Recommended,251990,11904061,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,crisis,fun and addictive... but not 5 dollars addictive.... maybe a sale would justify it.
76561197999706308,Recommended,251990,11893181,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,cosmos-hime,"It's a fun, if not frustrating game. Somewhat easy once you pay attention to events that will re-occour after each death. Beat the game in 2 hours after only dying twice-though the checklist hints at multiple endings. Would I pay $10? I'd say wait for it to go on sale."
76561198050942804,Recommended,251990,12117165,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Jassamin,"This game is amazing. Ignore the graphics, ignore the sound effects (or turn them up to bug your friends, either works), once you get past those first impressions you will be having the time of your life. Or, more likely, death(s). I've heard the game called a Sansa Stark simulator, and honestly that's one of the best ways to describe it.You play as Elodie, a wide-eyed and innocent princess with pink hair (I told you to ignore the graphics for a reason) whose mother has just died leaving her in line to the throne. Needless to say there are plenty of people who don't think she is up for the job and will to their best to remove her over the next 40-odd weeks. Your task is to make her study a variety of subjects - from public speaking to falconry, intrigue to magic, dancing, flower arranging, sword fighting, you get the idea - and hopefully have her survive till her coronation. Of course, you could simply kill her off in dozens of different ways while searching out as many different plotlines as possible....Whatever your take on becoming a royal, you are sure to have fun with this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,251990,12123525,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,FemBot,"NOT A WIFU GAME. Little to no boobies here. This is an unreasonably addictive text adventure that has a multitude of options and endings. I say unreasonable because you are just a pink-haired princess trying to survive until your coronation as queen...and if you choose you can totally become a sailor moon magic princess. Even with all that it somehow captures you with its charm. It can be funny, serious, silly, dark, dramatic or tragic. I found myself playing repeatedly to discover the different options and endings and how my built stats affected them. Overall REALLY fun!"
,Recommended,251990,11910324,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,RadRobot,I had her become a magical girl and she conquered without learning anything really applicable to being a queen. Just how to blast her ♥♥♥♥ing enemies with magic and how to dance like a champ.Tried to make her actual queen material and she died.Lesson learned.
,Recommended,251990,11972699,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Laina,"I was very excited when I first saw this game. I thought it was gonna be like Princess Maker 2(which is a hilarious old DOS game). When it went on sale I couldn't resist.The story is nice, however very difficult to get it to go in any direction you're curious about without dying. There isn't very much room to play with the other skill points and you get stuck min maxing. More time and freedom with points would make the game more enjoyable.It'd be good to see how the girl is doing in her classes. Like struggling at first but getting better as her points get higher in that section.The music is charming. I love the piano. They did a great job with it.More art with the different scenes would've been wonderful!It almost feels like this game is incomplete in a way. It'd be cool if they updated it sometime.Despite the negatives I'd still recommend trying it out. It's an interesting game and the story is entertaining."
,Recommended,251990,11965291,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,serenitykate,"So much fun, so challenging and i have played it so many times trying to get all endings haha."
76561197991559119,Recommended,251990,11966979,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Rainbowdrops,Totally recommend if you enjoy princesses and dying a lot and having to start all over again.
76561198063143740,Recommended,251990,11943327,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Aquawyrm,"Long Live the Queen is a lot of fun. I like the way the protagonist feels the pressure that comes with her station, and the way the game is different every time I play it. Of course, if you don't like magical girls, drama, or the color pink, it probably isn't for you..."
76561198065979638,Recommended,251990,11914995,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,verstehen,"I did not expect to enjoy this game as much as I did.Wait, lemme rephase that: I did not expect to become as obsessed with seeing all possibilities of endings and deaths as I was.Long Live the Queen is a weird combination of a resource management game and a visual novel (e.g., Cinders). I enjoy visual novels, but usually only enough for one or two playthroughs (if multiple options/endings are available) and I'm mostly indifferent to resource management games so how quickly I got sucked into Long Live the Queen was a real surprise.There's interesting and deep characters -- I even played a couple of endings specifically to learn more about some of the minor characters -- with good twists that keep you guessing... at least through your second or third playthrough. By then, you'll mostly have the flow of the plot down and can avoid deaths (unless you're aiming for the 11-deaths achievement, like I was). Plus, with a ""skip ahead"" option on all dialogue you've already seen, it makes replays go so much faster. Definitely worth the $10, which is just about the right price for a game I blew through in 9 hours."
76561198054955382,Recommended,251990,11918702,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,kottadragon,-damn birthday partys-damn arrows-damn bandits
76561198066962499,Recommended,251990,11951729,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Overlord_Aeon,I got 2 lesbian lovers and then died because I didn't know how to decorate.poison chocolate/10 Best Midevil Anime politics simulator
,Recommended,251990,12078299,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Muffintruck,"Engaging, fun, and difficult.  A deceptively simple game, you will find yourself  leading Elodie to her death over and over.  So much so, that when you finally do manage to lead her to her coranation you may find yourself a little let down by the ending.  Not that that will stop you, or even give you a moments pause, before you dive back in to take Elodie down a different path.  The art is great, the concept is solid, and the replay value is high.  Definitely give it a try, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,251990,7948142,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,JoeBot64,"I used to be a Princess until I took an arrow to the back, fell from the tower, poisoned by candy, blasted in the face by my aunt and of course drowned in the ocean. Being a Princess is hard, everyone is going to kill you, EVERYONE! In fact the safest way to survive this game is to not even start it. Just go make a sandwhich, maybe catch up on your reading. Still if you are intent on your own death you'll find plently of ways to meet your end."
76561198131907939,Recommended,251990,19402946,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PeachPoncho,One of my first games I ever played on Steam. I legitamently can find no fault in it. Just make sure to have lots of saves throughout because things can get tricky.
,Recommended,251990,19422634,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,thesignofvictory,"Burn a few thousand peasants to death, refuse to build a hospital, behead a bunch of nobles, kill anyone that looks at me the wrong way, raise all the taxes, pokes prisoners in jail with stick. 10/10 would be tyrant again."
,Recommended,251990,19410059,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheWalkingGadge,"Perfect if you like games with a focus on strategy, multiple endings, and pseudo-morality ( in this case, it's different from morality in Mass Effect, SWTOR, Fable, etc...) . Weirdly addicting."
76561198054168767,Recommended,251990,13963900,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jow,I became a magical girl and mastered the arcane. but then I ate some chocolate and diedgg
76561198025413762,Recommended,251990,30645467,Posted: 20 March,all,silverlight7,"It's a very unique and different game but also very, very difficult. Unless you use some kind of guide then prepare to go back to previous saves and redo your choices of skills a lot in order to get past certain sections. It requires a lot of patience, certainly more than I have for repeating things. I think it's a good game overall and most people would probably enjoy it. It's just not for me."
76561198244925690,Recommended,251990,19790526,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,samiteeny,"great game, actually incredibly difficult. only for the patient."
,Recommended,251990,19672140,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Martinlo,Anime styled drawings? Medieval politics? Magic?! Three of my favorite things in gaming! FANTASTIC!
,Recommended,251990,19712240,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kuran,"My first VN game. It's fun, addictive and have a great replay factorPros:- IF you finish, you'll be a queen *cheers*- LOT of status to train, places to go and characters to meet- Good story, with some plot twists (depends on your choices)- Many ways to die- Many finalsCons:- The ""skill tests"" aren't so intuitive (keep the feedback option on, to see where you failed)- Repetitive music"
,Recommended,251990,19685620,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mistor1982,A PRINCESS TRAINER THAT ISNT HENTAI THIS IS BLASPHEMY AND ALSO I CANT BELIEVE THIS GAME IS REAL STILL!.
,Recommended,251990,19678440,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,annainthedark,so good but so frustrating why can't I get this child to stay alive
,Not Recommended,251990,19673943,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Zintix,"Ehhh not a fan of this type of game, can't realy say much but it's like if you don't like the SIMS chances are you won't like this"
76561198007142965,Recommended,251990,20159009,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rawbeard,In this world the term long has a very broad meaning. From a couple of weeks in the game to maybe a week longer than that.
,Recommended,251990,20044796,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,planetbrilliant,"Very quick and simple, but simultaneously very fun. Great replay value, because every time your queen dies you get even more determined to level up the correct skills to save her the next playthrough. A fantastic and unique game!"
76561198073522881,Recommended,251990,20119450,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SpeciousFever,went to visit friend trying too be a good person got shot died10/10 would visit friends again
76561198099462277,Recommended,251990,17304651,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,CrazedCerberus13,"At first I thougth this game would be very difficult to beat, but then I realized it was a game more than just difficulty,but also a game that has plenty of replay value to it and it never stops being interesting since different decisions causes different outcomes so everytime you think it might be the better decision to go with accepting, refusing, or just using magic to destroy that guy in a duel make sure you chosed the right thing based upon your character and try to predict the outcome before it actually messes up the whole game for you and you have to play it ALL OVER AGAIN... so remember be mindful of everything."
,Recommended,251990,17308791,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Zuzoa,It's just like being a real magical princess who has to study everyday and arrange marriages with boring people for the good of your country. You get to decide if you want to execute people too. What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,251990,17317338,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,girlwithcow,"This game will infuriated you, but you will also feel determined to try it again and again, to finally see Elodie crowned Queen. There is no right or wrong way to play this game (that's at least what I could gather so far), it's your choice what kind of Queen you want to become. I rarely play strategy games, and it took me a while to get into the mechanics, but as soon as I figuerd out that there is more than one right way to play this game, I began to enjoy it so much. I just want to revisit the game as often as possible and see with which strategy I get further this time."
76561198006262436,Recommended,251990,17102637,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Drachenfrau,"A strangely addictive choose your own adventure RPG. You're just getting ready to become queen, and you must attempt to survive in the best way that you can long enough to make it to your coronation... Or you can achievement hunt like i do, and just kill yourself in as many creative ways as possible.I haven't put in enough hours to find the right formula yet, but i did have a little bit of a hard time walking away from it."
76561198108489301,Recommended,251990,17249729,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Elva,It´s a lot of fun ! I´m constantly amazed by the different outcomes every decision has. The game has also great replay ability.
76561198035867459,Recommended,251990,17275514,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,melmc1,visual novel and stat stacking!  We need more games like this!
,Recommended,251990,17278916,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Strelnikov,Nice story line. Although a bit complicate skill calculation system but 9/10 would play anyway :)
,Recommended,251990,16582480,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Vansha,"Don't Judge me by my game time butI died from eating chocolate110/10 IGNWill Die again.Also, F*CK YOU OLD PERVERT GUY WHO FLIRTED WITH ME AND THEN INSULTED ME AND THEN KILLED ME IN A DUELI KNOW MY SWORD SKILLS WERE AT 0 BUT NO F*CK YOU"
76561198034122531,Recommended,251990,16589519,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,fetacheese,"Fun and cute, easy to spend hours trying to explore all the possible plot lines"
76561198067087499,Recommended,251990,16557626,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AceRumble,"Read reviews before playing, saw that dying from poisoned chocolate was a common ending. ""No way am I going to let that happen"" says I.First playthru: Died from poisoned chocolate10/10"
,Recommended,251990,16726930,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mizako,"The game reminds me of Princess Maker 2 (which I played a lot, years ago) without the RPG part and, as a result, more focused on the story.Because of this, it starts to get repetitive if you are interested in seeing everything (deaths/endings/etc...).Otherwise, it's a good, cute and unforgivable game for its price."
76561198154370768,Recommended,251990,15881028,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,mercygrim96,"I am a big fan of strategy games, and this by far, has to be one of the best games I've ever played. It's quite addictive, like I just got it recently and I've already played it for about 4 hours. The gameplay seems quite simplistic, and yes it is very straightforward, but the strategy is so in depth, and the plot changes with your choices; it's like reading a goosebumps book, only ten times more intense and interesting.There are so many different endings, and different ways to die, and yes you will die a lot; but that's a good thing! It makes you come back with a vengeance to beat the game. You will find yourself writing down different ways to keep her alive, to get the ending you want, this game is a great way to spend the day, and to keep your mind focused and awake.I give it a 11/10Also wanted to add, found a cool LP of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mTk14SfEZ8"
,Recommended,251990,16732512,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,King Enoshima,"I don't usually play games like these, but when I do I am bored and want to be a pretty little princess.This game has only one downside to me and for myself only, I was hoping to play past the corination. Hence, the title 'Long Live The Queen'.Might've called it Princess instead. It's still a good game. Not a fan of the whole loli/cute thing though.10/10 Grab it if you are bored."
,Recommended,251990,16733381,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tullianohexe,"This is a fun way to pass the time, and such a cute game with all the outfits. You will die...a lot, but you get achievements when you discover all the different ways which actually becomes fun trying to change your choices around to not only live and become queen but also die in different ways and see how different the story can change per choice. I really enjpy this game and continue to play."
76561198107457846,Recommended,251990,16741184,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,FestiveSeerOfTime,"A very compelling game, with adorable graphics and a nice backstory, this game will have you trying over and over again just to reach her coronation. However, there are some flaws with the game, the major one being how you really have to focus on 2-3 classes/subjects to complete the game, along with some minor learnings in other subjects, and some events cannot be prevented, no matter how skilled you are, which wastes your time learning about it is those days, but this type gameplay leads to some remarkable endings only you can expierence! Over all, the graphics in the game are really nice, the music is entertaining to listen to whle playing, I rate 7/10,ps BEWARE THE CHOCOLATE, DEATH HAS NEVER BEEN SWEETER ;o)"
76561198045946223,Recommended,251990,16775195,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,triss_DL,"For the size of the game, surprisingly addictive, with a decent (and variable) storyline too. Not to mention, a cute anime girl who dies horribly over and over. Worth playing."
,Recommended,251990,16739660,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Benzene,"Spent half the game dodging marraige proposals from guys twice my age, then had to fight the Kraken.  I don't know which was scarier."
,Recommended,251990,16669195,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Juylyenne,"I found this game very challenging. If you try to focus on getting too many skills done at once, you will fail. So I gave in and focused on one or two at a time. Eventually, I made it to coronation! And, as luck would have it, I'm not too frustrated with the game to go back and try for the achievements. With some games, I'm good with getting to the ending. This one still makes me want to play. Bravo."
,Recommended,251990,16714895,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Creek is Canon,"……………………………………………………………………………………._¸„„–~^~–„„¸………………………………………………………………………..………¸–*¯. . . . . . ; . *„……………………………………………………………………...….....„-* ' ~' . ¸„„¡¡¡¡¡„ . . . .'¡…._¸¸¸„¸¸_…………………………………………………………………............,/' .¯'-, . ¡|||||||||ll' . .¸„„–^*""¯. . ~'~¯*-„……………………………………………………………………..¸¸„„–ƒ .,- . . . .¯””¯ .¸„-*¯.¸„„¡¡¡¡¡¡„ . . .~-, . '\………………………………………………………………..¸„–^*¯::::'¡-~' ¸-~- . . . „-*' . . ¡|||||||||lll' . ._,-' '~--ƒ…………………………………………………………..¸„–*¯::::::::„::::""-„¸ . . . ,-'¸/' . . . . ¯”””””¯. . .~-~'¯'~ƒ………………………………………………….._¸¸¸„„„('„„„„¸¸__::::::*^–„„¸¸_¯””””¯ƒ . . . . . . . . . -, ', . . '~-„*………………………………………………..„^"" . . . . . . . . .¯**^~–„¸¸:::::::::::|'|. . . '¡_.-~. '~-~'' / . . .„-*.'\…………….._¸¸¸¸_…………………………..""~––„„„„„„¸¸¸¸_ . . . . . . . ¯""~„¸:::::|*„. „-' „-~'. .""¯¯') .¯¸„\"". . . .'\………..„-~*¯ . . . ¯*~„…………………………………..| .¯¯”””'¡^~–„¸_ . . .""-„::\:""^-(¸¸_ ._¸¸¸„„-~*¯¸„:'¡ . . . . '\………/' . . . . . . . . . .'\………………………………….| . . . .¡' . . . . ""¡-„¸ . .'\::""-:::::::¯„„¸¸„„–~*'¯::::| . . . . .'\……./ . . \¸. . ._¸¸„„„¸¸_¸ƒ…………………………………'~–„„¸¸|_ . . . .ƒ . '*„ . '¡::::::::::::::–„„¸¸_¸¸„„–:::| . . . . . \....../ . . . „/^*¯ . . . . . ¯*„………………………_............,/';;;;;;¯'*~–/„„¸_ .'\ . |::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . . . .\…./ . . . . \¸¸¸__¸¸„„„– .¸„-*…………._¸¸_.......„-"" .""-„…..„-*;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;¯'*\ .|::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . .\¸ . \.../ . . . . . . . . . „-~^*¯……………¡' . . ¯*-„-"". . . . .""„^-„;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;'¡ |::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::'¡ . . . . \'-„ '¡'.ƒ . . . . . . . . . /………………….""-„¸ . . . ¯""^-„¸ .„-"" . . ""^-„;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;|'|:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . . .'\""-'.| . . . . . . . . . /………………………¯'~-„¸ . . .'*^-„ . . . . „-""^-„;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;||:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . . . .\'|. . . . . . . . . /………………………….|':::”^-„¸. . . ""^-„¸„-"" . . . ""-„;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;'|':::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::'¡ . . . ¸ . .'|.| . . . . . . . .ƒ…..____............……....'¡::::::::""^-„ . . .'*-„ . . . . „-""'-„;;;;;;;;;;;;;|::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . .\-„ .|.|' . . . . . . .„-^*¯¯ . . . ¯""'*^-„………......'¡::::::::::::""^-„ . . *-„_„-"" . . .'*-„;;;;;;;;;|:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . . '\""-'.'| . . . . . ./' . . . . . . . . . . . '\…….........'¡::::::::::::::::""-„¸ . .""-„ . . . . „-'*'-„;;;;;|:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . . .'¡..'¡ . . . . ƒ . ¡' . . . . . . . . . . ƒ………......'¡:::::::::::::::::::""^-„. .'*-„_„-"" . . .'*-„¸¡':::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . . . . '¡…\. . . .ƒ . .| . . . . . . . . . .'ƒ„–„„¸¸_.........'¡:::::::::::::::::::::::""^-„ .'*-„ . . . . . ƒ:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¡' . . .ƒ\ . |….'\ . . .| . .| . . . . . . . . . .ƒ/:.|:.:.:.¯*~–„¸„\:::::::::::::::::::::::::::""-„ .*-„ . . . ƒ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . .ƒ..'\ ¡'…...*-„ . ""~| . . . . . . . . . .ƒ¯'*|:.:.:.:.:„-^*¯:.\„::::::::::::::::::::::::::::""-„¸.'*-„ . ƒ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . . ƒ…..*………*–„¸¸| . . . . . . . . . .| . .|:.:.:.:.:|:.:.:.:.:\""-„::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¯*^^*':::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::| . .ƒ…………...|. . . . . . . . . .|' . ƒ.:.:.:.:.'¡:.:.:.:.:.\::"":::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::|„„„/……………| . . . . . . . . . |""^/.:.:.:.:.:.'¡:.:.:.:.:.'\::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¸|:.:'¡……………'\ . . . . . . . . .'\*^^~–––„„„/\:.:.:.:.:.:\;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::_¸„–^*"":.:.|…………….'\ . . . . . . . . . \.........„-*:.'\:.:.:.:.:.:'\;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::_¸¸„„–~^*¯:.:.:.:.:.:.'|CHOOOOOCOOOOOLAAAAATE?!ALWAYS THE CHOCOLATE ARRRGHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This game doesn't seem like much at first, but it's really quite challenging and fun. It helps that everything is visually pleasing, and the music sets the mood perfectly."
76561198025744275,Recommended,251990,16704304,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,takashi.pl,"My very first review on Steam, although I'm a long time user. I played this game few times already, and it's very fun trying to get Elodie to survive to coronation. It's mostly lighthearted, although there are a few darker moments, and you can actually become a benevolent ruler or a cruel evil queen. There are lot of paths that can bring you to victory, and it's worth trying see them all :)"
,Recommended,251990,17359474,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Couyfish,"LOVE this game. It's well made and really fun. It's one of those games that you have to tinker with a lot to survive and learn specific events so you know what to expect. :) It has lots of different ways to beat the game, depending on what stats you work on -- as well as a variety of cute outfits for the princess to wear. It's well made! My only complaint is that there isn't an endless mode.I have my fingers crossed for a sequel!"
76561198092383603,Recommended,251990,17370269,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,animalcracker188,This game is pretty awesome. Plenty of challenge and lots of choices to be made.  I have never played a game with anime characters or a visual novel. But this one is worth the ten dollars. I played through several times and it keeps you thinking. Highly suggest this game.
76561197986075831,Recommended,251990,7669608,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Khris,"Long Live The Queen is a novel style game. Poor princess Elodie just lost her mother the Queen. It is 40 weeks before her 14th birthday and her coronation and it's your task to get her through this time alive. Every week you choose two subjects for her to study out of a quite extensive collection. Depending on the mood of the princess which you can adjust at the weekends she gets boni and mali on certain subjects.Every week the game throws events at you, a part of them are prescripted and happen always at the same time so you can plan ahead as you complete more playthroughs. Other events are triggered by the princess' actions and her actions are influenced by what you teach her. Those events include assassination attempts, a civil war, an invasion, deciding on court cases, visiting friends, a parade and speech, a lesbian wedding and so on.Teaching the princess the right things is the key to survival since depending on your skills new options become available and certain pitfalls can be avoided while others suddenly may open.Learning also unlocks new outfits which boost your learning stats.The goal is to choose the right subjects to learn to guide the princess unharmed through those 40 weeks full of trouble. And it's fun to see how the events play out when you go into them with a different skillset as last time. It's satisfying to survive past the point you died last time and find another new way of dying (there are eleven, gotta collect'em all). A playthrough doesn't last long and can easily be played in one session.The graphical style is good but nothing special and the character art is a nice cute anime style. The music is simple and fits the moods, but again nothing special. Overall the game is easy to play yet quite a challenge to keep your princess alive, to find all ways of dying and to find all possible ends."
76561198043333993,Recommended,251990,18739344,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,StarKiller,Undoubtedly one of the greatest games I've ever played.
,Recommended,251990,18843982,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Frenglish,"This game is truly excellent. I bought it on sale, but it's worth every penny of it's original price!The story itself keeps you involved, and the choices you make really affect the people and storyline.By far the most intriguing mechanic I have seen in a while is that the skills you decide to train have an strong affecton the outcome of your actions, and whether you live or die.LLTQ has plenty of replayability; I have played over 8 hours so far, including a handful of survivals and many many deaths!"
,Recommended,251990,18850059,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Taehanu,"Long Live the Queen is a charming little game about training your recently orphaned princess in the basic facts of life... Namely, you live or you die.Through lessons on military strategy, history, diplomacy, charm, advanced negotiation tactics, and a myriad of other subjects, you can seek to fortify your princess against the powers that wish to see her demise. But no matter how carefully you plan, you'll learn most from lots and lots of trial and error... RE: Lots and lots of strange & unusual deaths.Choosing what subjects to emphasize in the training of your princess will allow you to live to see another day, or bring you to an unseemly end with a volley full of arrows, a rejected proposal, or even a box of chocolates.Everyone seeks to control you. Most everyone wants you dead. Your father is totally useless (naturally).The verdict: If you enjoy the cutesy anime art style and the many humorous ways in which your little pink princess can meet her maker, give it a go! The painstaking planning of her lessons the game requires to keep her on the throne and out of the grave is enough of a challenge to make even the most patient of gamers rage quit after the 100th death-by-ridiculousness in a row, but if you're in it for the adorably morbid fun, I think you'll be more than satisfied.Good luck, and watch out for the chocolate. It gets me every time."
,Recommended,251990,18961026,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nosstea.tv,"It's fun to figure out all the ways you can die, but that doesn't last long. I eventually lost interest as I didn't know the exact series of actions necessary to stop the invasion of my country. But you CAN be a pretty pretty princess so I can't knock that."
76561198117493929,Recommended,251990,17095626,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mayumi Sato,"This game isn't the better in its genre but it has some really, really good points. Very good soundtrack, good writting , a jogability very similar to the one you would find in ""Princess Maker 02"" and the artstyle cute. This game is very challenging and it's incredibly hard to get certain endings. My criticism about it is that you can get pretty bored using the system of points so many times so the rejogability isn't very good. Especially considering that you have to play the game at least two or three times before getting the hang of it(that means avoiding that the princess dies). Anyway, I had good laughs playing this game with my cousins and my friend so it's a quite nice choice for your collection, although it has some flaws and weaknesses.08/10!"
,Recommended,251990,18476490,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,AdorableEspurr,"Prosmagical girlsgreat story and mechanicsnice artgot to date whoever i wantedhas a lot of funny incidental scenesgay duchess and priestess cutiesConselodie does stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're not carefullike the chocolateor the arrowOverall a really great game, plus it's fun to go back and get all the acheivements in. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251990,11299020,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,SplashTastic,"It's a fun stratigec game with great replay value, worth the money for sure!"
,Recommended,251990,9975633,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Shut Your Quiznak,"This is game is viciously hard. Don't be fooled by the pink and anime graphics. You will die. Repeatedly. It's almost worth it to see the chibi death scenes. I had to use a walkthrough to beat this game, let alone get one of the special endings. If you have an hour to kill and some extra cash, look this up. A masterpiece of the point-and-click/RPG/visual novel genre."
76561198054324501,Recommended,251990,9977813,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Her Highness,It is so addicting.  There are so many possibile combinations and only a few chances for success.
,Recommended,251990,9984399,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Gusty,there are many games that come off more as movies than games when they have a linear story. however this is not one of them. it may come off as mostly linear for obvious reasons but at the same time you have choices that will affect later events and what the epilogue shows.
,Recommended,251990,13165178,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Methrael,"This game is a huge test of logic - before you figure out what you need and how to get it in order to even survive until the end of the game, you will die a LOT.  The puzzle takes a long time to figure out (if you don't use a walkthrough - seriously though, DON'T USE A WALKTHROUGH, it ruins the game!) but once you do you can experience the many different plotlines embroiled into the game's storyline.  At that point the game plays less like a logic puzzle and more like an interactive novel - which is still fun, you can figure out which ending you want as well as the truth in the backstory.  A good game if you like puzzles, pretty pictures, stories, and / or death."
,Recommended,251990,13172905,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Abellus,This game is so infuriating and you can't put it down.I love it.
,Recommended,251990,13127734,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tskiyo,"I really enjoyed this game, I just wish there were more like this on Steam. And I honestly wish it was longer and more complex.7/10"
76561198072163262,Recommended,251990,13129005,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,General,Great Game. A little short but it's not nearly enough to go through it once or twice only. Hours of fun and strange feeling of being an underage princess xD
,Recommended,251990,13518511,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pesty Samurai,The Dark Souls of anime princess simulators.
76561198024237326,Recommended,251990,13485870,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tachi,"Apparently pushing an arrow all the way through your body's not the right way to remove it. Who knew?10/10, would skip a friend's birthday and murder their family in the ensuing revolt again."
76561198040423012,Recommended,251990,13504312,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,That one guy,"Each time she dies you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at yourself, swear to do better, then die in another itteration a week later because she does not know enough about divination, or has no idea how the economy works, or can't shoot worth a damn, or whatever. Then you try again"
,Recommended,251990,13506240,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Darkplonzo_Cookies,This is the Dark Souls level of difficulty Anime Visual Novel. If that sounded amazing as♥♥♥♥♥♥buy it.
,Recommended,251990,13476586,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,not gay i just like anime boys,"Remember kids: Chacolate=Fat, imean BAD!!!10/4 would fat again"
76561198068434361,Recommended,251990,13479836,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Captain of the Black Egrets,"This game is actually quite dark in some ways. Multiple play-throughs are a must, and you need to have your strategy in order to play this effectively. Really fun!"
76561198109080880,Recommended,251990,13515393,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roseyreddead,This is the hardest game I've every played. Not even the first Zelda was this difficult!
76561198035745327,Recommended,251990,13516760,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DemonWTF,"TLDR:""How to Become Queen: Prepare to Die Edition""I have played a few visual novels before. And Long live the the queen feels more like a whole game than say a visual novel + a game. That being the game does a good job making the visual novel part into more of a game expereience than having a game stapled on to it.That said the relationship between the player and the protagonist is quite different. Many times before in other VNs I feel like I need to gauge the protagonist emotions, skill sets, and personality when it comes to decision making, or sometimes all that information is displayed out via the story but doesn't really let the player be involved other than branching story arcs.Long Live the Queen is different in that your knowledge of the character's mood, personality, and skills are yours to create and yours to maintain.For those who are not familiar with VNs I think this game is a more interactive version of a VN versus the VNs +stabled on game mechanics. I have just gotten through my first play through and the idea of finding other story arcs in Long Live the Queen feels much more exciting than other VNs because rather than memorizing dialoge tree just to get through everything, you have to manage the numbers so your mood and lessons can get to where you want.The first run I got I was having a blast! I was totally immeresed in the story... until I got killed by chocolate. After that you just want to move on from the death and just play again.This is where my critisism comes in. As much as you want to just sit down and relax with the story... you can't you have to backtrack and make preperations to survive not just 1 step ahead but 5-10 steps ahead. That moment when you are a viewer or the immersion of being with the character is broken because now you have to get technical.Now this is both a good and bad thing.Negatives firstimmersion breakerbacktrackingfrustration when you realize you were doomed before a certain savethat dirty feeling when you use a power meta to get passed certain partsNow the postivesthe story becomes a gamesaving and backtracking becomes a strategymaking plans on how to make the most of your 5-10 turn metathat wonderful surprise when your meta goes really well in the first few turns and you have no idea what to do nextOverall I had fun thus far, I just wished the game was a little bit more relaxed. Because once you get about a third of the way through you start the realize that the game is out to kill you, like really out for your blood! The experience is not a book where you just sit down and relax but rather a dnd game where the DM has decieded that this was the night your character dies."
,Recommended,251990,13342900,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MallowPanda,"Alright I am a princess! I must learn to dance, be elegant, keep the people happy! I must learn to fight as well to SURVIVE!  Aaaand I'm dead by chocolate again.10/10!"
76561198048282537,Recommended,251990,13801522,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Da Scout,"""It's like Princess Maker but with more death!"" - Anon""The pinnacle of shojo gaming."" - LegionThis game may look pretty but it's tough and you gotta min-max your way just to survive.It's a lot of trial and error but at least the cutesy graphics can give some ironic humor...If you like dying then it's got replay value and thank god for a skip button.Keep an eye out for those chocolates. Good luck, you'll NEED it.9/10"
76561197999449788,Recommended,251990,13803578,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Count_Flakula,"This adorable game is tagged as a visual novel, but it's a bit closer to a puzzle game (kind of an optimization problem).  Every turn (week) you decide what skills your princess needs to train.  Most weeks something interesting happens.  Sometimes something happens that can result in your fledging queen's death, but that cruel fate can be avoided if she has been properly trained.  There's another part to this, though: Elodie's training is directly influenced by her mood (bonuses to military and weapon skills when angry; who would've guessed?).  So in addition to managing her training you need to manage her emotional state to ensure she's receptive to the sort of training you want her to have.Like any puzzle game, the puzzles are static.  Once you've discovered how to avoid eating poisoned chocolates the first time you'll have a pretty good idea of how to do it on subsequent tries.  This is kinda cool since you can learn how to win, but it limits replayability.  Even so there are a LOT of branching paths offering moderate replayability.  I've had a good deal of fun with it, and I haven't come close to winning (though I've already died in five different ways!)."
,Recommended,251990,13804150,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tree Trunk Travis,"This game is the Dark Souls of sim games. It is the darkest, most grim, and most difficult thing ever, while also being the most charming game I've ever played, and I highly recommend it just for that bizarre confliction of emotions."
,Recommended,251990,13805522,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,【 変 態 】DarkKuroNeko,This Game is addictly fun! Simple yet so deep
,Recommended,251990,10939676,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ZenkouSen,This is an adorable game. Kinda of a mix between a dating sim and a visual Novel of some sorts. Great fun.
76561198044936383,Recommended,251990,10940072,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kleawhispers,"This is one of those games that looks at first glance like a simple anime sim.  It is in fact a rather challenging, funny little game that you will find yourself playing over and a over again, each time varying your strategy to avoid death by chocolate, drowning, arrows, swords etc. I found the repetitive music a little annoying but I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I got sucked into the challenge of this game.If you like strategy and are not addicted to flashy, graphics only, games, you will enjoy Long Live The Queen."
76561198003786902,Recommended,251990,10941174,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ngx.morpha,"If you have ever played a visual novel (its like a choose your own adventure novel) and liked it than this game is for you.If you've never played a visual novel but are curious about the genre than this game is for you.Its basically Princess Maker, an old MSDOS game. But its detailed and well constructed - the benefit of 15 years of developments within the genre.I love how you get a .html file with your unique storyline chronicled if you can complete the game."
76561198133890037,Recommended,251990,12397843,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,☆Naga☆,Control the future Queen into doing tons of random stuff and leveling up her skills! This game is pretty awesome and the storylines are quite carefully laid out. You can become lots of different class varying from mage to an evildoer. Long Live the Queen is a must get game for people that enjoy RPG's and reading different scenarios. :) Long Live The Queen!~~~
,Recommended,251990,17094097,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,¢υ¢кє∂ уσυя ∂α∂,"It's a good game, but can someone tell me why the King is a completely useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993692165,Recommended,251990,17079720,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Youkai of Scrubs,underage princess death simulator10/10
76561198006654051,Recommended,251990,16926382,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,JORDAN-KUN,A really fun and enjoyable game to play for fans of visual novels and stratergy games as you get the best of both worlds.
,Recommended,251990,16951595,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,pamplemousse,This game is far more addictive and entertaining than I would have believed!
,Recommended,251990,16952984,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,tevish_szat,"Long Live the Queen is somewhat hard to quantify, in as much as I think it's part of a genre, but since it's the only example of the genre I personally know, I can't really say what that is.  You've got sim elements and, I guess, text adventure elements?  Anyway, it's fun, if a somewhat strange kind of fun.The basis of the game is this -- you control (for a definition of control) a princess with the goal of having her survive a full year to be crowned queen.  The main way to accomplish this is by setting her lessons (Which increase the skills she'll need to survive and thrive) and picking dialogue/action options at the appropiate prompts.And unless you're the kind of person who reaches for the walkthrough alongside the game (in which case perhaps this game isn't for you), you're going to fail, probably multiple times, before you ever see a coronation.It's not as bad as all that, though.  Even a full, successful playthrough doesn't take a ton of time, so where the game ends up shining is in the value to replay it.  There are a lot of endings to this game, both in the form of epilogues and deaths, and finding them can be a ton of fun.This isn't an action game, or a game to make you excited.  It's a game to bend your brain around, excersize strategy and long-range planning, and in general spend a lazy afternoon with."
76561198183460709,Recommended,251990,17394852,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Magia,"Long Live The Queen is the ultumate stratgey game with almost unlimited outcomes and possibilities. You  have to play the game through multiple times before you start to find out more of the secrets that are hidden in Nova. The game is money well spent, and is for anyone either with just a few minutes to spare, or for hours to kill. Hope you enjoy :)"
,Recommended,251990,17405707,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Katastrophy ~ Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ,I bought this game as I wanted to try something different from my usual type of games.I can safely say I really adore this game. I love the interactvitiy and I love all the possible scenarios that can be conjoured up from the varying skills you can choose from.I've died... a lot... but even dying is actually kind of fun!The game boosts a good mix of seriousness and comedy.It's well worth the price!
76561198179002895,Recommended,251990,17244157,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Paladin Redfield,I can't even begin to fathom how many times this game killed me because of my terrible decision making and worse management skills.11/10 would cheat to get to the ending again
,Recommended,251990,17244902,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,CrypticFigurant,"Main thing to remember in this game--MULTICLASS.  Get high in as many skills as possible, because you will need them to not die.But, um, you're probably going to die.This is simultaneously the cutest and most aggravating game I have ever played.  Don't get me wrong--I LOVE THIS ****ING GAME.  Oh, I got stabbed?  That's cool, new game.  Oh, I got stabbed again?  By the same guy, for a completely different game play reason? ...Okay, whatever, new game.  But, ya know, I'm definitely going to make sure I don't get stabbed this ti--hold up.  Is she--OH MY GOD.  She ate it.  She ate chocolate from a person she didn't know.  The princess who is currently wanted dead by every living soul in the kingdom ate chocolate from some rando.  Great.  ****ing fantastic.Basically, if you don't have the patience to replay and make different choices each time, this probably isn't the game for you.  But if you take the above b******t as a challenge... I'm so sorry.  (I say as I start my next game.)"
,Not Recommended,251990,17295201,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Aquin,"I like the Princess Maker franchise and so I had high hopes for this one. It doesn't seem bad at first, but the math soon unravels. I don't appreciate failing a skill-check on my maxed out skills. There isn't really a sense of agency here, despite the dense presentation that promises an admittedly absurd (but par for the genre) level of control."
76561198014955980,Recommended,251990,18011490,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ashuroa,This mix of visual novel and strategy game is really cool and weird. Your job is to keep the princess alive long enozgh so she can become queen. You do that by making the right decisions and training her in the right jobs. However half the fun is NOT succeeding and finding all the gruesome ways our young princess can die.Had lots of fun with this.
76561198029904609,Recommended,251990,18014816,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,bear_storm,The most metal game anyone has ever marketed at teenage girls.
76561198041102932,Recommended,251990,13600243,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tao Amanti,"This game is absolutely amazing. While a single play through could take only around 40 minutes or so, there are an AMAZING number of branching paths, to which exploring all of them would take dozens of hours. The lore and the strife is genuinly interesting, and the power you command is completely awesome. I would recommend this very highly."
76561198072913752,Recommended,251990,13602612,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,petaleta,"When I got this game, I was hoping it was going to be a Princess Maker clone.  This game is not as intricate as Princess Maker and doesn't offer the same depth but it's still fun nonetheless.My one complaint about it is that it's very easy to die and the gameplay is very linear which doesn't really leave the player with many options.  It becomes a quest to figure out what stats you can improve before some event in the game tests you to see if you've upped them enough to survive."
,Not Recommended,251990,7762648,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,cobs,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198092861002,Recommended,251990,13583695,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,maxknowlan,"Pretty short game, but its fun. I'd probably be a little ticked if it wasn't on sale when I bought it, but its worthwhile for under $10."
76561198039779428,Recommended,251990,13558174,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Morgoth,Unforgiving. Fun. Great management game.
76561198061191592,Not Recommended,251990,13576696,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,alekzanderlr,"I'm afraid I cannot recommend this. The story, art and setting are good but the gameplay just isn't fun. Writing down everything you need to do each week quickly becomes a chore."
,Recommended,251990,13579521,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Unknown,"Absolutely love this game! You can approach this game multiple ways, so it never entirely gets old; unless you've played it for a long time. I would reccomend this game to people who like the games that have a twisted, intriguing plot. Not to mention that the art style is one of my favorites too!"
,Recommended,251990,14474938,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Enhalion,10/10 totally worth it
,Recommended,251990,14586947,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zeldafan2000,"I used to be a queen in training, but then I took an arrow.And that's why I am no longer royalty."
76561198077719495,Recommended,251990,14613534,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,babydollpinup,Very fun one player game suitable for all ages. Some elements of strategic play in the sense that the player must think ahead to what skills to teach the princess next but still very straight forward and simple. I would love to see this game become a DS game or app!
76561198095144685,Recommended,251990,14605838,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Troublingdeclan,O look there goes hours of my life.... and I ani't even mad
,Recommended,251990,13869407,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Qutera 柯丝蒂,"Amazing game, lots of depth to it, and many many different paths to take.  I really enjoy the character building that goes into it, and the million ways to die.A++++"
,Recommended,251990,13822213,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,garchompalot,Couldn't seduce guard. Died.
,Recommended,251990,13898004,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,GhostGloz,You need to think smart and manage emotions to keep Elodie alive!
,Recommended,251990,13898048,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lee_Scorsby,"This game? I have to agree with the ""Dark Souls of anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" that it has received. Its a really fun and but hard game. It will require many playthroughs but the writing is fun and there is lots of replayability. So get in there and make that princess a crazy dictator general or into a loving princess of flowers. The choice is yours."
,Recommended,251990,13898863,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ChrissaBug,Fun game to play many times through and see how different choices play out.
,Recommended,251990,10822273,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,-W3E- Bipolar Bear,"Really great game. Probably the most hardcore text-based game I have ever played. I like the art style to an extent (although after a while I feel like I am being smothered to death with bright pink ribbons). I would recommend to any fan of text based games and anime. The gameplay gives the impression of running a kingdom, but it is more of you trying to not get killed. Expect to be shot in the lung and to be vaporized after you tried to use magic.In short, If Dark Souls was a text based game about a little girl."
,Recommended,251990,13860335,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,dylanhack,"You're a 14 year old Princess who is trying to survive everybody and their grandmother's attempts to kill you and skin you and wear your skin like that weird Buffalo Bill in Joe Dirt. ""Put the Lotion on the Skin""Anyway, you can become a Magical Girl and blow everybody up, that's a fun time. I'd recommend it, Sailor Moon with a Princess Complex.Don't let the time fool you, because I did a LP of it on youtube and it won't count offline hours.P.S YOU DIE A LOT, OFTEN TIMES IT'S FUNNY"
,Recommended,251990,10864730,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Theonidas,Short lived queen
,Recommended,251990,13876724,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,amynapkins,"You know, I went in to this thinking I would just play once or twice for the YouTubes, but now I've crushed an empire, forced other people to get married, betrayed my own father to steal a magical item, and died so many times. This game is awesome, and I haven't even gotten all of the achievments. 10/10"
76561197977117627,Recommended,251990,17657999,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Stubo,"Spent a lot of time learning how to sing and dance, and enjoy life as a royal.Travelled to visit a friends birthday gala in a neighboring city-state, and was attacked by bandits.Ended up shot in the side by an arrow, and had no medical training. Remembered hearing about pushing an arrow through, only to push it deeper into vital organs.10/10 The Queen will rise again!"
76561198075466721,Recommended,251990,17035518,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Jean,"Hello! Here a Review in English. Excuse for my bad english. This review i apart from my personal opinion and will analyze the benefits of this Game:Positive:+ Good Soundtrack+ Very easy to learn all+ Simple game Mechanic, with deep, very deep game System, what wants you dead XD+ Lol you can die through everything i learned the hard way.+ You can dig many hours of gaming. when you wanna do all achievements (for me it was too tiring XD)+ many Chars (wow background stories too)+ You can play different ways. So every playthrough can be different+ No crashes and errors.+ You have to think alot, when playing without a guide.Minor Negative points:- Not much action, well its a visual Novel Game (with Managementsystem)- Can be challenging or frustrating, when dying a lot- You have a lot to save!I give the Game a solid 75%. I am not really into Visual Novel Games. But i like the idea, behind this Game. So i give it a solid + and -. My personal opinion is, when you love the + points go for it. Cause it can be sometimes boring for alot of ppl...."
76561198015121869,Recommended,251990,17035948,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,RichardHawk,"My niece is 5.  Much to her parents' consternation, she wants to be a princess in pink when she grows up.  They only grudgingly allow her to have pink princess paraphernalia.  They also limit her time spent in front of video games.  So when I told her I had a game about being a princess, my neice almost exploded with excitement.  ""Do the princess game!"" she shouted.  Repeatedly.So I fired it up, and I read (some of) the text to her.  We went through trade negotiations and border disputes.  My niece was a little dissapointed in the amount of text, but liked the pictures.  She didn't understand why princesses had to deal with all these boring things.  ""Being a princess is hard work,"" I told her, ""The whole kingdom is depending on you.  You can't afford to just play around with dolls.""I went through the game and we watched Elodie grow into a capable swordswoman and powerful sorceress.  In single combat, Elodie was a devastating opponent.  My niece asked me if she was a good princess.  ""Elodie crushes her enemies.  She sees them driven before her, and hears the lamentations of those left behind.  Yes, she is a good princess.""  My neice was unimpressed.  But she did like Elodie's magical girl outfit the best.  Which is good because I never quite got around to maxing out those stats.Elodie became queen through force of arms, magical might, and bloodshed.  My niece's enthusiasm for my princess game was tempered, though she still likes it.  ""Boring princess game!  Play the boring princess game!"" she says now."
,Recommended,251990,17036161,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Emperor of the United States,"if you look at my library, you will notice I have many games that focus on running a country, speciically a kingdom. However, the fact that this game has a branching story, rather then a sandbox, makes things very diffrent; it's not so much a simulation, or stradegy, but a puzzle. This puzzle requires a few things from you; 1) that you can observe what people say 2) that you can remember this across playthoughs (beacuse you will die) and 3) that dependent on these remembered things, you can modify your skills to fit the situations. The world, and background story, is cleverly placed into little statements you recieve upon ""leveling up"" your skills, making the story a interconnected part of the gameplay. You can be a tyrant, you can be a diplomat, I was a war-lord and sorceress; they called me cruel, but I did what was needed, and did so in a way that didn't stagenate the economy, nor put into danger many of my people. Has great replay value, and is definetly 2 gems in one game."
,Recommended,251990,17043198,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ᛟ Wōtan z💤 ᛟ,"I got this game during a steam summer sale cause I wanted to waste money. It was actually decent enough, and it was quite funny. It's like kingdom-ruining simulator, except for weeaboo's. Thankfully I am resistant to weeaboo influences, so it was alright.would buy for 5 euro"
,Recommended,251990,17045312,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Glen Fletcher,"Hanako Games have done it again, this time around you follow (and guide) the journey of a 14 year old princess as she rises to power after her mother's death.For a ""visual novel"" type of experience, it's quite a fairly difficult game to complete; death awaits you in many places, and when you evade death, you have things like war, denunciation and so on to consider.Each playthrough is between 5 mins-1 hour, and while the story remains the same, the path branches off in various directions depending on... well, pretty much everything you do, really. It has a LOT of replayability.Definitely worth picking up."
76561198093728312,Recommended,251990,17047474,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,corpser_182,"Very good game in which every decision can affect your gameplay, I can see this going into other devices like phone apps games"
76561198018404651,Recommended,251990,17013422,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Keev,"10/10 most enraging and engrossing stat management I've played in a long while. Screw those chocolates, though. Seriously."
,Recommended,251990,17017992,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mocha Desire,I spent 40 mintues trying to figure out how to become a wizard and the second I master magic I get killed at my friends birthday party. 10/10
76561198055727070,Recommended,251990,16969958,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Codfish107,This game pisses me off so muchSomething new always kills me with each play through from whatever i change in order to past a certian part.
,Recommended,251990,16977882,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,bnxb,"My friend told us about this game because he was trolling us. I thought he linked it to us because he was going to buy it, and me thinking he was buying it, also bought it.Surprisingly, even if it some scenes can get a bit repetitive, I like how different skillsets will unlock different scenarios. It's a simple game on the outside, but surprisingly has more depth/complexity than one might think."
,Recommended,251990,8197858,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BloodyWarrior,"""Long Live The Queen!""Small fun game, wich can end in many ways and developes your Queen the way you want her to. Nice clothes and art is used in game. it's very anime like.🎮 6/10 🎮""fun game to have on your laptop for travels or school"" - BloodyWarrior"
,Recommended,251990,17357692,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ElonzoFox,"Made her the best strategist and fighter she could ever be; however, it all didn't matter when she stuffed her face with poisoned chocolate."
,Recommended,251990,17324346,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Doctor Hentai Senpai,"For those of you who haven't bought this game or if your considering buying it, do so. It's a very fun game with several possible endings the replayability it comes with said endings is fun. Totally worth playing."
,Not Recommended,251990,14546991,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Trehek,"The trial-and-error gameplay of this one is far less enjoyable than notable older titles in the genre, such as the Princess Maker series. Instead of wondering what will become of her, you instead begin to wonder if doing things THIS way will finally let her live through an event ... nope. Sigh."
76561198048930432,Recommended,251990,14524705,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Naruto Uzumaki,Great game just awesome. you can get caught in the story and spend hours and hours replaying seeing all the beautiful art work and story line.If you don't have it get it trust me it's worth it you'll love every second of it.
76561198164981898,Not Recommended,251990,14524941,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pomy,"it really sucks, because if you get a certain point wrong, then you cant progress. and everything is in such an order after you play it several times, it is no fun"
,Recommended,251990,14531920,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mash2175,"Each time I die, I'm always drawn in to try to survive a little longer and learn from my mistakes.... only to make a new one. Highly addictive and enjoyable game."
76561197997975779,Recommended,251990,14656495,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,OwnedSage,I managed to avoid the notorious chocolates... then a magic dude killed my dad since I didn't explore that plot line....Next time I'll have magic.
76561198116358546,Recommended,251990,14455624,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Space Case™,"""Oops, got shot by an arrow""""Oops, guess that was poison""""Oops, got impaled by a sword""""Oh wow I actually think I might have wo- nope, dead again""10/10, and I wish the game was longer so you could play after the coronation too."
,Recommended,251990,14468975,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Avina_,"So hard to find the right combination of traits, but endlessly fun."
,Recommended,251990,14579699,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,kamiawolf,"After about 20 playthroughs, I still havent seen it all!"
,Recommended,251990,14580747,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,★ Guiscard,"The Dark Souls of visual novel choose-your-own-adventure games, with a good story. An interesting idea."
,Recommended,251990,14597604,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pink Fluffy Bear,"My cousin save me from snake bite, I killed her mother and feed her to kraken.I lol'd so hard and repeat feed him to kraken.Recommended 8/10 to start civil war and kill everyone on my way."
76561197991103051,Recommended,251990,15879903,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Puddle,"Long Live the Queen is a fun little experience. I enjoyed the Dialogue and the chance to show my ability at being the prettiest princess. However there are some major issues with the game that kept me enjoying as much as I could have.1.) The game evolves around leveling up skills, but its pretty much a crap shoot as to what skills you need. You either blindly level the right things, or have to replay countless times to level the right things. That wouldnt be to bad if each play session wasnt around an hour!2.) The premise is kind of wonky. You are set to be crowned queen at the age of 15, yet you start the game with 0 stats? Have they just been letting her ♥♥♥♥ around for 14 years? On top of that, the king, your dad, doesnt seem overly involved with your choices. Hes kind of a terrible father.3.) After playing this game for a few hours you will discover that most of your sessions end in the same spot. An ambush, Chocolates, a dual, or a battle. These same 4 spots seem to be about the only way you can fail the game and you wont know what skills you need to level until after you have died. Unless you are hella lucky you will be forced to play the game at least 4 times to get to the end.If you enjoy the choose your own adventure type games then go ahead and buy it, as it is fun in the end. However keep in mind what I mentioned above should those sound like they would ruin the game for you."
,Recommended,251990,15880120,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kim Il Sung,"This game is really cool. You are a 14 year old girl destined to be queen when she turns 15. Everything is perfect, right? Nope. Turns out, everyone wants to brutally murder you! Tips: Don't eat any chocolate, watch out for bandits, and for the love of God, strengthen your military!"
76561198054750512,Recommended,251990,15856845,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,astrik2,"Got this game expecting a cute fun little princess sim.Six hours later, I'm leading a warfleet with magic at my helm, spying on my nobles, and having traitors straight-up murdered as I wipe palm-sweat from my mouse for the fifth time.And I still can't ♥♥♥♥ing find Briony.9/10 best game."
76561198008852243,Recommended,251990,15861012,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Ares88888888,good arti like costumesunderstandable why i died
,Recommended,251990,15922827,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Black Cat Ninja 3,FINALLY BEAT THE GAME!!!  OMG SO HAPPY!XDDDDD
76561198041925801,Recommended,251990,15922857,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Senpapi Autism,"""Like Skyrim with dead animu girls."" -Nathan Grayson"
76561198196590114,Recommended,251990,15991773,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,jeannettedonahue26,so addicted and so much fun every free time i have i spend on this game woth buying so many plot twist so many ways to die this game plays with your mind and i love how it has diffrent outcome diffrent endings to this anime game :) i wish all the characters had pictures of themselfs not just some .
,Recommended,251990,16182204,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Fisherman Joe,There's a good game hidden under all this weeaboo junk. Problem is the game essentially lasts 5 minutes if you do it right....
76561198049697038,Recommended,251990,16551026,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Aza Guilli,~ How to die in 100 different ways in the empire filled with pedophiles.
76561198067087499,Recommended,251990,16557621,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AceRumble,"Read reviews before playing, saw that dying from poisoned chocolate was a common ending. ""No way am I going to let that happen"" says I.First playthru: Died from poisoned chocolate10/10"
,Recommended,251990,16359324,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,acsmars,Hardcore strategy game with frilly frosting and adorable chibi deaths to boot.
,Recommended,251990,16361933,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SMan. V. Tailor (boromeer3),Being a princess is really hard.A great successor to the Princess Maker series with better graphics and storytelling.
,Recommended,251990,16361997,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/fridgedot,> Starts Game> Thinks He Know's What He's Doing> Thinks He's The♥♥♥♥♥♥> Gets Bitten By Milk Snake> Realises Friend Is Female Gandalf> Finds Woman That Rekt Some Peeps> Gets Magic Powers> Murders EveryoneBest Game 10/10
76561198111796117,Recommended,251990,16266467,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Loot Slut,"Surprisingly enjoyable; I logged more hours on this game than I care to admit. The sickening animu art style hides an unexpected strategical royalty simulator where death seems to be the common outcome. A cutesy Game of Thrones, if you will.9/10, may reinstall"
,Recommended,251990,16391627,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SamSam24,"I bought this game originally because my friend was like ""Dude, be a princess. Get killed. It's fun"" and the steam sale honestly made it way under priced in my opinion. This game is So much fun and highly addictive. I wake up and play two or three rounds. This game is well worth it. Buy it. Be a princess. It's fun.. you know you want to..."
76561198028388148,Recommended,251990,16393217,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pope Francis,"The hardest thing about this game isn't finishing it. It's trying to guess how such a dumb princess survive until the age of 14. I mean, she thinks the best way to survive an arrow to the chest is carving it deeper -.-'Other than that it's a really funny game where everything and everyone tries to kill you. Every decision you make is wrong and if you focus on magic an assassin will kill you, if you focus on poison you get cut and if you master the sword you just die in a civil war.Overall: Fun game that you purchase because it's on sale but then you realise the game is actually pretty good."
,Recommended,251990,16393628,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[F-B] TIN [辛党],"Positively one of the best political / VN games ive ever touched.Well worth the price of admission- and immense replayability.Scene skip allows you to quickly breeze through the first chunk of decisions while you build up another playthrough to test new branches.It's a bit like a Crusader Kings R.L.Stine Choose-your-destiny book, but with about 50,000 pages and endings."
,Recommended,251990,16394048,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rick Harrison,"hell hath no fury like a loli scorned, 10/10"
76561198059299988,Recommended,251990,16394670,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,-TSF- Nightmare,"By far one of the better games I've played lately. The story is really well done and the game mechanics keep you on edge constantly, forced to choose which skills to invest in and what moods to keep, never knowing what is around each corner. I've already played through 5 times and have yet to actually come out with a good ending, but it only wants to make you play it more. Everything has a purpose, and even if it seems like a useless skill it could decide the very fate of the game. You feel like a real ruler, having to stop and ponder the possible outcomes of every decision you make. From investing in Composure instead of Military strategy, to who you dance with at the Gala. Well worth the money for the hours and hours of addicting gameplay. Love this game and would love to see more like it."
76561198137620455,Recommended,251990,16396366,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ch0p5tixmast3r,"This game is OK. It is fairly well done, but short. I played it for under 3 hours and beat it. There are various endings."
,Recommended,251990,16396458,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ragna the Boxedge,"A fun game with a suprising amount of possibilities for your character, from the many, MANY deaths, to the strange and dark secrets you can find in the royal court. Also, a surprising amount of lesbianism for a game in this setting, which is awesome.The game's difficulty is both a huge selling point and a turn off, because in most cases it's not clear what exactly could have saved you from inevitable death. There's one particular cut off point that WILL kill you your first play. And most likely your second, third and fourth. A tip for those worried about this-- either learn a lot of Trade related skills, max your poison, or nearly max your Dog skills. Dogs are your friend.Trust me though, it's worth it, if only to be able to say ""I settled a war with the power of singing"", or something even more insane. The many strange options you can take in this game once you've found your footing are truly insane, and the achievements just further incentivise you to try new things. You may need a walkthrough once you've won to try all these things, but they are so worth it."
,Recommended,251990,16397430,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Flyboy,I love it10/10 would play again
,Recommended,251990,16397666,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,>:lolcat:<,"The game is very highly reliant on you being ok with trial and error, so it may take a few tries to beat. After you get through it however, the game itself isn't that long, but the fact that you have to keep doing it over and over makes it long. I bought it on sale for 3 bucks and it was worth it then. Full price might be worth it, if you like games where you keep retrying the same thing, but outside of that it was quite fun."
76561198062488705,Recommended,251990,16398459,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jackmerius Tacktheritrix,I'm trying to run a kingdom and all everyone cares about is who's gonna marry me. I don't need no man. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,16398681,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lord Berkut,"Need Long Live The Queen 2 at E3 10/10, would become a Lumen again"
,Recommended,251990,16401143,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Octavarium,"I am enjoying this game far more than I had anticipated. Some minor annoyances and bugs, such as character portraits not appearing, but overall its a unique and fun experience. Its starting to get repetitive.. maybe because I make bad choices and have to keep replaying the start... but more variety would be nice.Overall though, it's pretty fun."
76561198107792277,Recommended,251990,16400661,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Charllotte88,"I love this game but...... LET ME SURVIVE UNTIL MY CORONATION, JEEZ I'M FOURTEEN FOR CRYING OUT LOUD. WHY DOES EVERYBODY WANT ME DEAD, I DIDN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING"
,Recommended,251990,16403059,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bad Hex,"This game is a bit short and simple, but I actually really enjoyed it. I've gotten two endings so far and one untimely demise. If you're not into visual novel-type games you probably won't appreciate this one, but if you are into them it is cute and I did like the art. I caught it on the Summer Sale for $1.99. I would not recommend buying at full price! Get this when it is on a good deal."
76561198105871961,Recommended,251990,16404508,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Potics,"When the only complaint I have about a game is that I wish there was more of it, it's probably a sign that it's good"
,Recommended,251990,16385787,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GenericGamer,I manage to win a sword fight... while wearing a tutu.10/10
76561198037001643,Recommended,251990,7972281,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ChordataXVII,"This game is a sadistic decent into madness and pain.  Every game ends with me growling at my computer and plotting how I'll get it next time.  It's evil. It won't let you try until you succeed, it hands you limited resources then smacks you for not having enough resources.  I love this game.  When I finish I will buy anything else these people produced, if they haven't I will wait till they produce the next one and then buy that.  I have no idea how a game managed to pull that off with only text and pictures.  You magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s..."
,Recommended,251990,7972387,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bobucus,amazing game. it may take around 50 tries or a couple of cheats to finally win it but its still extreamly enjoyable and its easy to get attatch to charecters. again a amazing game
76561197983611285,Recommended,251990,7818590,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,IronWarrior,Very enjoyable game that you can easy spend a few hours playing which really needs to be made longer.
76561198025473841,Recommended,251990,8455822,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ditean,Hard game but beautiful artwork and nice music. Totally worth it!
,Recommended,251990,8457043,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,"Disc ""LVP"" Rider","Long Live The Queen is a cute little game that fits (if not follows, chronology isn't my strong point) the trend of Choose-Your-Own-Adventure indie games that seem to be coming out now. Much like Papers, Please or The Stanley Parable, this game is focused around a set dialog tree that is then hidden behind mechanics. Where for Papers, Please this was passport stamping, and for The Stanley Parable doors, in this game you train a princess in various skills that you think may be effective in helping her preserve the kingdom.This said, where Papers, Please and The Stanley Parable really surpass this game is the simplicity of their mechanics. In the former you either stamp a passport or you don't, and in The Stanley Parable you generally choose to progress one way or the other. Long Live the Queen isn't as clear cut. The amount a skill is progressed is determined by the Princess's current mood and how much existing training is already in that area, and then your success is based off some hidden threshold. As a result it's not really clear how much leeway you have with any one choice, and so bar strict experimentation, it's very akin to stabbing in the dark and hoping you don't run into a literal dead end.So while this game handles itself well in terms of setting and plot, it fails to achieve the very high standard set by the other two games mentioned above.Now I like experimentation, so I didn't find reclicking through half an hour of text or reloading from any saved point and reattempting terribly tedious. Your mileage may vary though, so don't expect to just breeze through this game to a good ending without putting in any effort.As a result, this game gets a 3.5/5 from me. It's pushing a solid 4 with its aesthetic, but I don't quite like Princesses that much."
,Recommended,251990,8459214,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nimu,"certainly not the ""game of the year"" but this game will make you rage on some stupid dead, but the music is there to prevent you launch Your mouse on your screen.If you like games ""simulation stupid enough"" buy it and play it!if I had to put him be noted that 17/20"
,Recommended,251990,8459411,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,UjuidarEhcram,"Long Live the Queen is a game with dating-sim-like gameplay that has you making the right decisions and learning the right skills in order to survive your first year as a young princess waiting for coronation. This game is actually surprisingly tough, and you'll need either a lot of careful planning or a lot of luck to get through the game at all. There are many interesting ways to die before the coronation.I played a lot of Magical Diary, another game by the same developer. While that game was objectively bad but still very enjoyable, this game is far better. The dialogue is much better, and much more focused on the politics and intrigue. Your choice of skills is incredibly important... not only how much you train them, but which other skills you choose to compliment them. On top of that, your mood has to be carefully managed, because that changes the rate of learning certain skills, so you may need to force mood changes in order to learn new skills.Once you realize how this game works, it becomes a careful puzzle of figuring out which skills you'll need at which times in order to survive certain encounters, but the nice thing is that there are multiple ways of doing it. As an example, when you go to a gala, you may have friends and enemies waiting as the result of previous choices. Do you have the courtly graces to appear poised and mature, or will you lose everyone's faith? Can you sense the magic taking place that night? Will you be challenged to a duel, and if so, can you leave the fight alive?The art style is usually pretty good, though some of the dress-up outfits are bizarre. The music is all piano, which fits this game pretty well. There aren't many different music tracks, but I found most of them pleasant and unintrusive. The control could be better.I picked this game up, thinking that if I liked Magical Diary, then I could find something to enjoy in this game. I had definitely underestimated Long Live the Queen, and it took me by surprise. This is a slow, strategic game, but people who like those sorts of games might really enjoy this one. I think this game is worth it at full price if you think you'll enjoy it."
76561197982838249,Recommended,251990,8507054,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Amongenesis,"While a good indie Anime Game, i feel it needs a, New Game + Mode, Random Story Mode & Player Created Events.With this options it may go from good to great, aswell as increase the replay value.Recommend buying on Sale Only at this stage!For now 6/10 on the Indie Scale."
,Recommended,251990,8507601,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,audioBusting,"The anime-as-hell presentation may turn off many people (me included), but this is a surprisingly inventive story-driven game filled with political intrigue. Like Princess Maker 2 (the only one in the series I've played) -- another anime-as-hell video game -- it has an interesting turn-based character-building system that is fun to poke around. Unlike PM2, however, the narrative is constrained within the short 40 weeks it is set in (basically 40 cycles of decision-making), and it is not afraid to murder the princess in many, many ways. It has an almost deterministic, flowchart-like narrative structure that might be a dealbreaker to some, but the writing is solid and there are enough branches and variations to allow for unique-enough playthroughs. In two different runs, I made a princess who's focused on studying military and royal intrigue but clueless of basic manners, and another who's a powerful, regal sorceress but pretty stupid and unfriendly (they both died different but equally terrible deaths). It's pretty fun to see how different builds tackle the same larger problem, having different options available to them.My problem with it is that I didn't find this game to be the exploratory game I half-expected it to be. This isn't fully a game about exploration and experimentation. This is a game meant to be beaten and the objective is singular and simple: don't let the princess die. The princess can die (or sometimes survive) from the most seemingly arbitrary skill checks. It can be cool to get feedback for the kind of princess build you're aiming for, but sometimes there is just no way to foresee them. It's a bit weird to be grateful that the game is so short that a restart isn't such a big deal. Since things are largely deterministic, a path towards survival becomes clear a bit too easily after a few playthroughs anyway. Finding all the deaths and different ways to beat the game might be fun for completion's sake, but the core ""fresh"" experience is a rather short one (I'd say 4-6 hours).If you're looking to burn a few hours on something that's like a visual novel, but a bit more involving -- this would be a really good choice. Just don't get this game expecting a mini Crusader Kings 2 or anything."
76561197966805309,Recommended,251990,8509792,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Billyboyn4,This Game is a Torture...But Why am I Starting a new Game?This is Sorcery...
76561198044948156,Recommended,251990,16889738,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Wolffang719,"THis game... this f**king game... when I saw people comparing this to 'Dark Souls' I laughed; how could a cute little game be so teeth grindingly hard like Dark Souls?Well i was quite supprised to find that the comparisons may not be because of the difficulty but the challange: the game is not hard once you learn how it works but its the endurence and test of your will that can break you like dark souls; do you build yourself up as a great warrior but risk failing at political meetings, do you become a great sorceress and learn the secrets of your mothers race but risk your family?This game will break your mind and mess with your sanity; but you keep coming back because for every time you die you learn a way to work around it, much like dark souls... okay now i get the comparison...(P.S I have no idea why it says I only played for like twenty minutes, I've plyed more.)"
,Recommended,251990,17452620,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Vorylon,"The number of classes seems overwhelming at first but once you get the hang of it, it is hard to let go. I can play game over and over and over just to try and get anything I missed (different deaths, different ending, different reactions, etc.). Love this game!"
,Recommended,251990,17459506,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Green&purple2015,"This game is possibly the Sim/VN with the most re-playability you can imagine. The amount of grim and happy endings and outsomes you can make is listless, the amount of history and scenarios there are for the characters are listless.Possible bad side is that this games really relies in stop and error, unless you have a walkthrough it's garanteed that you'll die due to an assasine, poisoned chocolates or some Mad King from another country, even if you survive you might get the saddest outcome for Elodie once she officially becomes Queen. It may be a chore to learn which skill is needed to get which outcome if you don't have a lot of patience. Also don't expect to get every outcome in one game, it's just not going to happen.Still, if you love a challenge, cute art, ruthless story, characters with a black and grey morality, a main characters that can shape up into a ruthless evil Queen or a good strong Leader then this is the game for you."
76561198013049752,Recommended,251990,17410284,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DeathMetalBurrito,"Very fun and highly replayable.In this game you must survive as the future queen of a kingdom after your mother's death. However you ought to be careful, because accidents are quick to arrive and ennemies easy to make when you are the future queen of a kingdom."
,Recommended,251990,17132532,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SouthRain,"The game's name is Long Live The Queen, and what you do is keep dying in different fashion each and every time."
,Recommended,251990,17135640,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Adventure Spaghetti,"I bought this game on sale a while back but never played it. Looking through my library I saw it and wondered, ""Hmm, how can this be a game, it looks like a text adventure"". This game is probably one of the best games I have played in a long while. The game itself seems overwhelming at first, but as you play it will become a lot easier to understand. You will also find that this game is vastly replayable. I only plaued twice but I had a completely different adventure when I tried doing the same thing! This game is fantastic!! 10/10 Would become a queen again."
,Recommended,251990,17142677,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,IcyTorrent,"Well that was interesting. Took me a good number of tries to beat it, though I came very close on my first try.Would definitely recommend picking this up on sale though."
,Recommended,251990,18404454,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dark Gamer,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,251990,18326658,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,caranha,"Basically, Princess Maker done right. A short, but very very wide game. It is made to be played many times, and totally worth the effort to get a 100% completion ratio.I wish the world map (available in the forums here) was also available within the game itself -- it would make things a bit clearer."
76561198059476056,Recommended,251990,18342300,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,MrAwesomaniac,"This is a very difficult game, but it is one of those difficult games that makes me keep playing. While it is frustrating of the reasons for defeat, I still find myself trying to improve.I only wish more games were like this and that I have more control of my character. However, that's the beauty of the game, the lack of control provides the player more incentive to be careful in their decision making. Lack of wise choices will lead to the player's downfall while careful choice can keep them alive.The game is worth it despite the frustration it provides."
,Recommended,251990,18338249,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bremur,"Addictive, fun and very challenging. While the title can seem a bit offputting for some at first glance, it fits perfectly once you frustratingly realize that your highly loved queen is about to die and you have to start over.....    and start over you will, again and again!Try it, it's worth it.The Queen is dead, long live the Queen."
76561198144339096,Recommended,251990,18375545,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,wifgcandy,Game is very fun and many endings to the game. I boy gamer reccomend this game
76561198105649050,Recommended,251990,19755491,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Nonary James,10/10 would master magic and then die because i failed to invest in decoration again
,Recommended,251990,13668384,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,G4tsu.P,"I didn't know what to expect, and that game is pretty good. Many choices, even more outcome. You will fail, you will try again. You will succeed, but you will try again anyway, just because you want to know. There's many ways to die and a lot of ways to succeed.I really wish the game would be longer but I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,251990,13904342,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,| Kitty Pixel,Gets you playing for hours.
76561198164410929,Recommended,251990,13904453,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,sayyestoanime,"Love, LOVE, LOVE! this game! It is epic and awesome and made me cry and burst out laughing and made my grandmother ask me, ""What is wrong with you?""10/10"
76561197995171661,Recommended,251990,13904754,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rubel,"I did not think that this was my genre, but I am glad I tried it. This game is awesome! Neat setting, decent protagonist, and fun RPG-ish elements as you navigate though the story and hope you chose wise skills. So many ways to die!"
76561198068266292,Recommended,251990,13905241,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TheWhiteVoid06,"Although I haven't been able to complete it yet due to getting stuck somehow someway no matter what I do, it's very fun to keep working on different paths to try to get this poor child to the end of the story. Although the dialouge is pretty mediocore, its still interesting and amusing and the actual game keeps me invested in the story anyway. Definately worth picking up."
76561198003591112,Recommended,251990,13909503,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dr. Mapleviking,Master of Magic and Intrigue.Died to chocolate.
76561198044400137,Recommended,251990,13909587,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jungle Brad,"My only regret is that I have every achievement and every epilogue window, and I still want to explore this game. There's so much neat stuff to find. I've beaten this game 10-20 times already, and I still get surprised by a change in dialogue that I haven't read before or an epilogue I haven't read before."
76561198060191430,Recommended,251990,13918971,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Wolfheart,So many ways to screw up lolfirst time i got imprisoned.Second time I got shot by bandits.10/10 Much more addicting the expected.Even my husband got this game hehe
,Recommended,251990,7668787,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,LethoMori,OH GOD 10/10 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198042953096,Recommended,251990,13921853,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Cosades,"I used to be a princess like you, then I took an arrow in the guts."
,Recommended,251990,13924480,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Whateew,Cute Anime Girl Death Simulator8/8
,Recommended,251990,13925945,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kibou,"I been playing this game for like more than 6 hours after buying it. And I just love it. Don't let you get fooled by her good looks, you can turn Eliode into a killing machine, or a horrible ♥♥♥♥♥, or the perfect and good queen. This is a game I would completly 100% recommend if you love political simulations and all that crap. Even if you beat it once, you will discover that you can beat the game in a many of different ways possible. It's just perfect and worth the money."
,Recommended,251990,13926394,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,OutCastLV,ALL HAIL THE CHOCOLATE
,Recommended,251990,12169699,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,AgentPaper,I became a Queen.A Queen of the militaryA Queen of intelA Queen of magicI was killed becuase Choclate
,Recommended,251990,13931304,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PaRaMinus,"This game made me re-think the way I live, somehow..."
76561198073119543,Recommended,251990,13932473,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,50shadesofletmetapdatass,"This game, is pretty good and time-consuming, but over all pretty good, now this is your pretty typical upgrade/down grade game.But this game remids me of:""the walking dead game,"" ""dmmd,"" and ""the wolf amoung us.""because you can make different choices and depending on the choices you make that is your end (Which is kina messed up for this 14 year old kid btw.) I mean she gets stabbed, shot, poisoned, burned to a crisp, and rule 34ed (I've played this game on my other account before it got hacked.)I rate this game: 8/10 :)"
,Not Recommended,251990,13381841,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DarkNetFan,"I am very sad about this game because I see it as a missed opportunity. Firstly it is written for LINUX as well as windows, which is a HUGE plus for me. Secondly when it starts I can see a window ""pygame"" flash up, which I assume means it is developed in python, which I also personally like a lot. The artwork is good as well, although I don't care too much, although other people might.The bad part, and the reason I can't recommend this, is simply the gameplay. You get to work through a few scenarios which let you make decisions to keep your crown and survive the dangerous world of a child queen leader. So far so good. But once you die and restart the game the exact same scenarios happen again, only minorly changing depending on earlier choices. The idea seems to have been to make the game make you restart once you fail. the ultimate goal being to get through the game once. The problem with this is that most of the death scenarios happen in the end of the game (but they still depend on earlier choices). So when you play the game for the first time you have no choice but to restart the game from scratch every time, change one decision, and then see what happens later. It's a lot of very unrewarding clicking. In my opinion this could have been much better if events were much more flexible than static, but even with the static structure this game could have been much less clicking and more fun to play. Sadly, this game isn't."
76561198121945016,Recommended,251990,14056591,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tereeseeus,nooice
76561198033255900,Not Recommended,251990,13932667,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Christian,"I do think it's a little fun, but it seems like a time waster versus the amount of story you get out of it. I managed to survive trough it once, and got a lot of text about people and borders I can't care to remember the names of, so the ending isn't very fulfilling.Often I saved too far into the game to be able to go back and relocate skillpoints to avoid dying. When I play it all over I don't remember to get the right skills before dying again. It's a whole lot of saving and going back and just skipping over all the text I've already read.I think I expected more story and character development and less just clicking to see if anything would work."
,Recommended,251990,13933493,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,FreddieFrey,"First time playing one of these sort of games and... it's fun, sorta.Going to classes and keeping a mood in check to get bonuses to add to your skills is interesting, making sure you got the right skills to move on so that you get passed certain parts is key or you'll get a not so great ending.Has decent replayability and is a great time waster."
,Recommended,251990,14090400,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,pweets,"Long live the Queen...that is, if you even live long enough to become queen!Highly enjoyable, didn't even rage quit once!When you know something bad is going to happen but yet you can't do anything against it, because you haven't trained the right skill yet... So all you can do is watch your little princess running into her doom (or knives)."
76561198021899370,Recommended,251990,13543972,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Supermouse,"Watched the trailer, which made it seem like a good game to play, and the game turned out to be as good as promised. It's a choose-your-own-adventure game which you can win by several very different methods. There is no 'perfect' way to play. The mood mechanism is just annoying enough to keep the game interesting. The kawaii illustrative style contrasts beautifully with the cut, thrust and venom of getting to the throne. I found myself playing it through many times."
,Recommended,251990,13462057,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,catbachelor,"'Addicting' doesn't begin to cover it. One of the more complex visual novels I've played - the stats aspect only feeds the compulsion to make different choices in the hopes of succeeding. And succeeding isn't necessarily synonymous with surviving. This is one VN where you'll want to pay attention to the flavor text - depending on your choices, a wildly varying story is told each time."
76561198035017334,Recommended,251990,13563431,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,strider0075,"ignore the time in game as i'm still playing to get the other endings to this game. that said, this has been quite an interesting little game. It has it's pros and cons but it's not too bad, but to be clear i should go through the pros and cons.pros:- the story is quite humourous at times- the music isn't bad, if a bit repetitive at times though- the artwork is very well done, from the character to the backgrounds- the biggest of the pros, the game is well built (more on this in a second)- multiple paths to take (outside the death endings)Cons:- there is a fair amount (almost too much) trial and error to be had- the correct training towards an ending is not really made clear or is logical some times- it is a touch too short (i wasn't sure if this is a pro or con, i'll explain that too in a second)now to my more 'flowing' review and explanation of some things. first a disclaimer to those wondering whether or not to buy this game, this is more of a ""training"" sim along the lines of princess maker (and it's hentai counterpart) or true love '98. the thing about these types of games is that it is impossible to get all endings in one play through, the idea is to focus in each playthrough on a set of training you, the player, think has the highest priority and see where you end up (or in the case of true love '98, who you end up with).  these games aren't for everyone as they require ALOT of trial and error to get the ending you want.That said, there are a few areas that are good and a few that are bad. right off this is a well built game, i've played a few games like this before, some had great artwork and music, but you could tell the programmers couldn't give two craps about if the scenes function correctly resulting in white screens from misprogrammed code not making an image appear correctly, the wrong image showing up or double images showing. so it appears these guys at least had the basics covered. however there are a few faults. the music, while nice, repeated one too many times and became annoying after about an hour of play. Next the length of the game itself is way too short. now i'm mixed on this because i get the idea is that the player can experience a different set of choices (and ending) quickly. But at the same time there is no reason why the game couldn't stand to beef up each story path with a bit more content and story parts. I mean, so far i've completed at least 3 endings (going to work on the to serve evil ending next) and honestly there's not much variance between them outside a few changes between whether you focus on magic or not. I've played other games with similar gameplay that had the same idea of branching paths that still had robust stories to them (the aforementioned true love '98 being one of them).that said though that's really the only major issues i had with the game. as for a recommendation, if you've played this style of game before or have the patience to try, i'd recommend it, it's just quirky enough with enough content to keep you occupied for a bit. However if you have no interest in this style of game play or are used to other sim games where you just follow the story to a multiple choice point then i'd take a pass on it."
,Recommended,251990,14271292,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Flying Machine,"What a weird game.I tried one playthrough on my own as any man would do. I didn't even die! I just got overwhelemed by things going on, got scared and got myself a nice ol' guide.With my guide, I mastered magic, burned a dude alive and blew up an entire fleet. All hail maho Elodie!But for real, this is DEEP. I enjoyed my singular 2 hr playthrough but the type of game (involving minmaxing and extreme strategy) is honestly, 2deep4me and I'm simply too casual for it.Despite that, I still thoroughly enjoyed my only playthrough and although assisted, it still made me feel (strangely enough) REALLY hype and cool.So yeah, give it a try and if hardcore enough for this game, you might just get addicted."
,Recommended,251990,14257457,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Svenchu,"The first time I played the game I was shocked because my Queen died with a sword in her back. I'm pretty sure this is the best Visual Novel out on Steam. I recommend it a lot, you can play several hours in order to unlock all the endings and discover all the secrets and you won't get bored! Best way to play is playing without saving and loading, with the only exception of you must close the game."
76561198091203640,Recommended,251990,13978009,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,mevis36,Long Live The Queen!!And She's Dead...10/10
76561198030778236,Recommended,251990,13978156,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Whygee,"It may not look like it, but this is some pretty epic grand strategy game here. Nothing fancy and otherwordly like Crusader Kings 2, and thankfully, it doesn't have 40 stat screens and over a thousand widgets either to learn (and the 200 hour long instruction video). It plays out quite simply and effectively, and has a surprising amount of replay value to it. I wish there was even more variations and permutations; perhaps a Steam Workshop integration would be great! Definitely a must get (but when it goes on special)."
,Recommended,251990,13891710,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SC4M.Dolan,Study this > DeadStudy that > DeadStudy indoor > DeadStudy outdoor > DeadKind to other > DeadBad to other > Dead.P/s - Dont ever dream about becoming princess
,Recommended,251990,7701490,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Dawndo and The Frogman,"It took me...6 hours before I made it through the game without dying. It's ridiculously nuanced for Hanako Games and a princess adventure, but the plot is surprisingly refreshing.I've spent too long playing this game, too."
76561198050428423,Recommended,251990,14038942,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dcsmall,"This is an amazing visual novel with many choices and endings. The game allows you the change appearance and stats at the end of every week and each new week brings new and exciting events to put those skills to the test. Unless you have a guide it'll be trial and error for the most part which can either increase your replayability tenfold if you enjoy that or decrease it if not. The story follows a girl becoming Queen and having to survive until her coronation which believe me is a lot more difficult then you realise. It's not all tea parties and attending garden parties, just don't eat the chocolate."
76561198036594780,Recommended,251990,13964950,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kelthear,Now I know how it feels to be Sansa Stark
76561198028642124,Recommended,251990,13965647,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Alpacaownage,"Great game, the small playtimes are because you *can* beat it pretty quickly. There's a lot of replayability though.I had a network of spies who kept me safe but no one told me not to eat the chocolate...R.I.P. Princess, you will be missed.BUY IT AND BE READY FOR THE CHOCOLATE. DO NOT SHARE MY FATE BROTHER."
,Recommended,251990,13966073,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,lunarsapphire,I love this game so much. There are so many paths to take and so many ridiculous ways to die. The save button is definitely your friend in this case.
76561198206057693,Recommended,251990,20530297,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,lunabelle16,"A super cute game that is incredibly addictive. Just when you think you've worked out the magic combo needed to survive something comes along and kills you. You get mad. Then you start again and try to beat your previous lifespan. Except each choice you make changes how the game plays out later on, I don't think I've played a single identical game. That's part of the fun I guess.It's a nice little time-wasting kind of game.Recommend."
,Recommended,251990,20595263,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"Long Live The Queen is a very unusual game.  It's a sort of survival game where you play the role of a young princess and make decisions for her.  There is a constant stream of decisions to make, and you also have to decide which skills to level up and when.  So there is a lot more choice here than in a typical visual novel.  It sort of feels like a choose your own adventure game with RPG elements added in.  It's actually quite challenging, and you'll feel proud when you get an ending screen that doesn't involve Elodie dying some ridiculous death you could have never foreseen (they are almost all hilarious, by the way).It's a fairly short game but it offers an insane amount of replayability.  Almost everything you do (or don't do) comes back to haunt you later.  I've played the game for several hours and only seen a fraction of the content.  It is well written and well made.  I highly recommend it."
76561198072202781,Recommended,251990,20501233,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Projec7DarkZero,"Goes to party, Killed by bandit arrow on the way. Sees battlefield medic check.Raises Battlefield Medic, Passes check, Dies regradless due to other checks.Rasies Bow and Felxibity to dodge arrows, Passes check makes it to party, Fails some checks at party but lives.Gets home, few days later gets choclate, Faills all checks, DEAD.F***ING poisoned chocolates!If its not the bandits, its the chocolates, if its not those, its something else, anyone who says this game is like dark souls. 100% right, YOU WILL DIE ALOT."
76561197981147537,Not Recommended,251990,20505255,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Artful Dodger,Too random for my taste. The gameplay is almost entirely trial and error.
,Recommended,251990,20557042,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Peter,"This game is very adorable, yet punishingly cruel. It puts the fate of a young girl in your hands, a girl who happens to be next in line to the throne in a fantasy kingdom. Not only will you have to avoid would- be assassins, political enemies and military foes, but you must also cavort and liase with a host of socialites, relatives and romantic interests. Above all, you must live to take your place on the throne and rule for the survival of the kingdom. Good luck."
76561198026845073,Recommended,251990,20546323,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Muss,After many hours of honing the right skills to take and figuring out what will work best I decided to just see what would happen if I power leveled every single skillThe conclusion is that you get to be a magic girl
,Recommended,251990,20651812,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GF Ahrun,"Summing up this game:If you mix up just a bit of Princess Maker with Game of Thrones, you'll get Long Live the Queen."
76561198049023181,Recommended,251990,20674765,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tango_Uniform,"Disturbingly addictive. My friends were in shock that I got all the acheivements in the matter of around 6 months while also writing a graduate thesis. Let's just say my late nights were more often then not losing track of the time while trying out new angles in the game. Fantastic replay value, and twists and turns that literally dropped my jaw. Love the game, and if you like story and mathematical strategy, you may too."
,Recommended,251990,19180656,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Strangelove,"die, die, die and die again, until you throw morals to the wind and turn a cutesy 12yo pretty princess into a ruthless tyrant"
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,251990,19178977,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"Nice idea, well implemented, fun story, nice interaction between mood and training, but in the end the clearest example I've ever seen of ""Do it again, Stupid"" gameplay.You play the game until you die or reach a point where you fail in something you consider interesting.You then load back several saves, or restart, trying to add the training necessary to pass the check you couldn't pass.You reach that check again. Maybe you didn't train enough; try again. Maybe it's immediately followed by a *second* check you didn't know about; try again. Maybe you erred in your new training schedule, or choose a wrong weekend activity and throw your mood off far enough that your training speed is suboptimal, and you die to some check half-way there because you hadn't trained *its* compulsory skill far enough; try again. Maybe you trained *too much*, and now you don't have enough time to train to meet some future thread you don't even know about. Maybe there are two different skills you could train to get past this this point, and you chose the one which depends on other skills which turn out to be useless; try again. Maybe this thing looks interesting (or critical) but isn't *actually* critical and there isn't enough slack in your training schedule to allow training; try again.I might finish this over the holiday season, but it'll be by maintaining a spreadsheet in a second window and iteratively refining a training and activity schedule over and over again. Or just reading more spoilers than I'm interested in reading for a game of this sort. AAAARGH!"
76561198250240500,Recommended,251990,19175963,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,kanaan,Great game. Get ready for a major brainteaser if you're trying to complete it. Took me around 8-10 deaths before I had a perfect playthrough.
,Recommended,251990,19176841,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Roberta Giantess,Long live the Queen is an awesome game. I love the storytelling and the artwork. I would recommend this to anyone that loves visual novels!
76561198046158785,Recommended,251990,17904775,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,AnonymousJohn,"The Queen is dead! Long live the Queen!A visual novel with light gameplay elements, Long Live the Queen is a foray into foreign intrigue and domestic power struggles. You guide the actions of Elodie, heir apparent to the throne. However, absolutely everyone and everything is trying to kill you! The game is a collection of dialogue trees and skill checks - elements that lean heavily towards trial-and-error and repeat playthroughs.A charming diversion for someone that wants a change of pace.Recommended. 6/10."
76561198059014266,Recommended,251990,14319627,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mr Winner,i came for the power and stayed for the Sports outfitGG 10/10 would go athletic again
,Recommended,251990,19118008,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Chest Hairington,"Hands down one of the most charming games I've ever played.  The writing is AMAZING, and there are enough endings and paths to muddle even an actual autist like myself.  :D  Still actively being updated by the dev.  You can raise a princess who can soothe her enemies with song, or cook them alive with her mind.  It's not for everyeone, but if you like this genre, it's an exemplary showpiece."
76561197974684590,Recommended,251990,9585160,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,-=9315+35/<r4/VX=-,"I loved ""little princess maker 2"" so I like this game. Beside its more strategic (so far I played) instead of RPG. But I am looking forward to at least reach her 15th birthday ALIVE. ;)"
76561197993772367,Recommended,251990,9576521,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Murph,I died from eating chocolate. twice. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,9579590,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,YamiSnake78,"Parenting-a-high-maintenanced-daughter Simulator""Prepare to Die""- Long Live The Queen a.k.a Dark Souls' True Sequel"
76561198108827178,Recommended,251990,8444593,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Yoda,I give this game a 4 star raiting this is a stradegy game where you can get multiple endings and to be honest i bought it by acsident its very good and if you like games about stradegy play this game. (WARNING THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU RAGE ALSO SAVE CONSTANTLY) and you should live :) have a nice day
,Recommended,251990,9590352,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,KamikazeGirl,"So much fun! I absolutly love this game. Anyone who likes anime, visual novels, or sims should really try this out!"
76561198030531170,Recommended,251990,7627330,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Kinetic,"this game is fun if you think you know how to be a ruler. but i warn you, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is tricky!"
76561198008726066,Recommended,251990,9248197,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,shaun0248,"Overall rating 8.2/10[Play it]If you're rather skeptical, do download the free trial first athttp://www.hanakogames.com/llq.shtmlStory 8/10Very engaging and has a satisfying ending. But I feel that it's a bit short despite spending almost 9 hours to complete the game because of all the failures.Gameplay 8/10Its UI is quite confusing at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's really simple. The different decisions you make will have drastic outcomes which requires some notes taking in order to get yourself on the right track. Thanks to its short story, not much notes have to be taken.Character 8/10The personality of the main characters fits. I'm not going to talk about character development since it's affected by your skills. otherwise I would have given it a 9.Art 9/10I like Anime and Hanako really did great in Long Live The Queen. It really makes the game less frustrating. Aside from Anime artstyle, the drawings of the glass paintings is well drawn and fits the situation or story.Sound 8/10The sound used in the different senarios fits really well. But there's a lack of soundtrack which makes it sound repetative."
76561197973979330,Recommended,251990,9251093,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Leafeyawn,"This was a really fun visual novel RPG. The story was interesting and had enough twists and turns so that, even if you made similar choices, it somehow was still a little different each time around. I think my only real complaint is that some of the classes you can take as part of the game came up maybe once throughout the entire game, with a possibility not to come up at all. Also, it was a little disheartening how often you see a Failed skill check. This is common, and it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to lose if you see it a lot. However, it was a little distracting."
76561198025798892,Recommended,251990,7720482,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Sesquame,
76561197977331691,Recommended,251990,8735657,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,HorseFeathers,"What is Long Live The Queen?- A text-based choose-your-own-adventure style RPG.What I liked about Long Live The Queen:- Decently-long (1-2hr) branching story with many different possible endings.- Large number of interesting skills which affect the story in surprising ways.- Mood-management system adds satisfying level of complexity to training via boosts and negative modifiers.- Visual feedback system for skillchecks helps hint at storyline branches and missed opportunities, ehancing replayability.What I didn't like about Long Live The Queen:- Game events proceed in the same sequence each time and only branch based on player actions - more randomization might have been fun.- Hidden skillcheck levels and complex multi-tier skillchecks for certain encounters leads to a lot of trial-and-error to find successful combinations.- The precise effects of the mood system on the skills bonuses must either be learned by trial-and-error or through the help of a third-party wiki/guide.- Art and sound assets are fairly limited - a few characters do not even have profile pictures.- The character art is highly anime-stylized - it would have been nice to see a wider range of facial characteristics to help differentiate characters from one another.Overall:I enjoyed the game enough to play it through several times. At first it felt fun to try different skill combinations and choose different story paths. However, eventually trial-and-error tedium took away some of the fun and I found myself resorting to using a wiki to figure out how to get the results I wanted. It would have been nice if the game gave the player more information, such as the skill levels required to pass certain checks and the precise effects of different moods. As a budget title this game is worthwhile, but be warned that it can also be frustrating."
76561198066189979,Recommended,251990,8735676,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,4geeksAndrew,"Such a fun game! Lots of replayability, and harder than it seems."
76561198122354912,Recommended,251990,8736917,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Aliganna,Very addicting with so many endings and so many choices. Not an action game but fun if you like story based games while creating your own stats and personality. :)
,Recommended,251990,18103925,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SenseiPika,"I don't really see Visual novels on Steam. Well at the time when I bought this at least and I got to say it's a very interesting game.Your playing as a princess who is about to turn of the proper age to rule her kingdom however as history has told us people want to eliminate royalty for revenge or power. In this game there are a lot of ways that you can ♥♥♥♥ up and there are a lot of deaths that go from funny to just darn cruel really.Pros:+your ending depends on your actions so it makes you have to stay on your toes. Or keep 500 save  files of each choice. either way works.+you can wear different outfits to boost up your stats for a specific stat or just to look nice if you maxed out everything. (which is kinda hard for me in this game)+you can be a magical girl. yep. magical girl because why not.+most of the ways you die can be rather funny at times or just plain derpy looking which to me gave me a few giggles+you can marry a prince (omg a cute prince yay lelz) or just be lonely. Either way you prefer+game keeps you going since if you die you would have to keep repeating until you pick the right classes for the event going on around that time.+Kind of addicting if your into those games where you can raise your own princess.Cons:-the game can get kinda annoying. I mean constantly dying and you would be forced to go back and redo most if not all of your choices.-game kinda throws you out there since you never know what classes to take you will at least die one time per each scenerio if not more (unless you look up a guide or go on youtube. but then again why would you even buy this game then if your just gonna do that)-you are forced to be a magical girl or else your ending won't be so nice.-Its kind of hard to get a ""good"" ending out of this game really because the game is kinda hard. (again 500 saves is recommended but no really maybe 10 or so)"
,Recommended,251990,17978984,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Howl J. Pendragon,"Long Live the Queenis a surprisingly sophisticated game that has plenty of charm and intrigue. I don't play very many visual novels or anything resembling a choose-your-own-adventure style, butLong Live the Queenknows how to breathe very intricate mechanics into its nice setting.The game plays almost like a standard visual novel. LIsten to people talk, click on choices, and watch the narrative unfold. Something you have to do is schedule your classes and activities in order to boost skills. Your skills will determine how well you pass certain skill-checks throughout the story. Even though the game amounts to nothing more than clicking, everything feels meaningful because they add more depth to the plot directions you take.There are a lot of different endings and a lot of ways to die. I was surprised at how many different routes and outcomes I found by accident.The narrative and characters themselves are fun enough for this game's setup. There are plenty of nods to tropes you'd see in visual novels, Magical Girl genres, and medieval politics. It knows when to be wacky while still making you feel paranoid about whether you've made any of the right decisions.At around 5-ish hours with the game, I'm still not done finding everything. That's partly due to how the game will rely on lots of trial-and-error, and it really does take time to figure things out on your own. You're given a ton of save slots for covering your tracks, but even then, you need tons of patience. If you like trying to figure out the intricacies between the scheduling and plot actions, you'll have a good time here.For $10, I can definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a lighter narrative-focused experience. It could have easily been more pandering with fanservice, but it remains a pretty modest and sophisticated adventure."
76561198141393282,Recommended,251990,17977073,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,oceanmariee,I wrote a review of this game on my blog here:http://bloomkin.blogspot.com/2015/09/long-live-queen-review.html
,Recommended,251990,17976538,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lady Soundwave,"Very fun game. Like all choice games, the classes you take all determine the outcome of what happens to you.Died a few times, but hey, it happens. :D"
,Recommended,251990,18183779,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kisai,"Like cute games? Like games that don't require a high end computer? Here's a game for you.Long Live the Queen is a story-puzzle game without training wheels. Who is plotting regicide? Do you make it to your coronation?Do you learn to Dance? Learn Medicine? Maybe Learn History?Which skill will help you when?Do you die from not heeding the warnings? Do you win by force?Overall the the skill training (stats) and mood have values, and having the right amount when you need it can help you or  not having enough may hinder your progress.But the game's plot moves swiftly, which so mistakes are very unforgiving.However it can be more fun figuring fun ways to die.Long Live the Queen is recommended for people who need a PC game with low system requirements and isn't a huge time sink. You do need to know English as you can not stumble through the game."
76561198062708265,Recommended,251990,18211784,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Curtain Call,Death simulator(And a damn good one at that)
,Recommended,251990,18149559,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lemongrab,Die from eating chocolate.Die from trying to avoid eating chocolate.10/10.So many choices.
76561198007374344,Recommended,251990,18511497,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,dragonbloodthirsty,"I had a good weekend or two playing this game.  It's more of a story driven game, and I felt like the story was written well to respond to the kind of queen you were choosing to be.  Just don't expect to make it through on your first try - it's not that kind of game.  There's multiple ways to succeed, but many more ways to die."
76561198104577332,Recommended,251990,18471283,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Rotatebilly,"If you want to be a pretty, pretty princess then I'd recommend this game.In all seriousness this game can get surprisingly difficult at times and it can be pretty easy to get killed if you make the wrong decisions. Don't let the aesthetics of the game fool you; beneath the exterior there's plenty of danger to be wary of. My major piece of advice would be to remember that you can save the game, I didn't realise that was a possibillity until one of my last playthroughs, probably would have saved me some time if I had known this."
,Recommended,251990,18568955,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,fawnieMOON,The First Game I Ever Bought... This Game Is Super Hard Because Of All The Different Routes You Have To Take... Easily One Of My Favorite Games Ever Bought...
,Recommended,251990,18574079,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,grace.bakerc,"I've always loved sims in line with Princess Maker, and Long Live the Queen is a proud continuation of that line. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,251990,18577244,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Raven,Prepare to die...over...and...over...and...over...and...over...and then decide to look up a walkthrough online.Overall it was...an experience...quite unforgiving and forces you to replay about 100 times through trial and error. Then it laughs and spits in your mouth as you realize that you need to repeat the process to get all the endings.
76561198140596549,Recommended,251990,18569442,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,sarahanne.emanuele,Amazing game. So much fun!
,Recommended,251990,9227493,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,TT,"Did you ever wonder what it feels like to be a queen? This is the game for you! In this particular case you become the queen of Nova, a beautiful world, full of assassins and (wrong) decisions that only lead to one conclusion: you are going to die. The graphics of the game are simple and the presentation seems to be cute, but the anime style is just a cover for a pretty brutal simulation. Long Live The Queen is a great game, but making it to the throne of the kingdom and staying there is really hard."
76561197963618440,Recommended,251990,18539870,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Allch Chcar,"A master of strategy, a friend to animals, a devout member of the cloth. After several brutal failures and some severe compromises, we managed to ascend to the throne as...a MAGIC GIRL.Mother would be so proud. Father blamed himself. Sisters struggled to figure out what happened. The relatives were shocked beyond words. The neighbors hung their heads in dismay. Our army was shattered. All of our ships lay at the bottom of the sea. Everyone hates us. This is the future we hoped and dreamed for.But more importantly, we finally killed that one pesky wizard.Long live the Queen!"
,Recommended,251990,18604166,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,voodoo_curse,I keep finding new and creative ways to stop living.Command a naval fleet? DeadWalk through the forest with a friend? Dead.Attempt to be diplomatic with an invading force? Dead.Slap the guy who murdered your father? Dead.Eat chocolate? Dead.
76561198040973743,Not Recommended,251990,18671366,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SilveryKit,"I thought it was fun and interesting at first, but it quickly got frustrating to the point where I just didn't want to play anymore."
,Recommended,251990,18687055,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ヤンデレお姉さん,"Many ways to die, and almost no way to succeedJust when you finally think everything is ok and you pass one challenge, the next challenge ruins your plans.Even the skills that seem useless have SOME use, even Decoration might save your life"
,Recommended,251990,18677873,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,redfrostbite,Maddeningly addictive and very well-designed. I'd probably recommend this to anyone I care about and then some.
76561198085413246,Recommended,251990,17912466,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,williammitchell17,"When you first see the title screen you may be inclined to think it is one of 'those' anime style games, but don't let that decieve you, as hidden behind that title screen is an amazing and challenging game where almost every decision is life or death but don't worry, you can save the game every (in game) weekThe gameplay itself is fairly simplistic, you upgrade 2 different stats every week but you cannot upgrade everything so you must choose which stats you need the most, the game will also throw tests your way for certain stats, if you have not upgraded that stat enough you will fail the test, some failing a test can have varied effects, sometimes it will have almost no effect, other times it will result in your death (Game over).You also have to manage your mood to get bonuses for the stats you want to upgrade you do this by picking different activities at the end of each week, all of which have a different effect on your mood, giving you different bonuses and penalties for upgrading stats in your next week.Overall this game has a great soundtrack and good art style with many different paths to take, making it very replayable and enjoyable and it greatly exceeded my expectations.10/10 Would eat poisoned chocolates again"
,Recommended,251990,18701143,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Voix,"Died By chocolates...twice...10/10, Luckily for me i managed to beat the game in only 4 hours unlike others, The game itself wasn't hard once i realized that (Game Mechanic Spoiler warning) the only skills that really mattered were swords, reflexes, medicine, military, and 100 everything in lumen. Overall, a interesting and fulfilling story and experience with a nice degree of challenge and fun game mechanics, i highly recommend this title and i give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,251990,18720533,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ashleigh,I died
76561198145913074,Recommended,251990,18589869,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,zombeaniebaby,"Equal parts awesome and frustrating. I keep forgetting to save, then die, then have to restart all over again.DON'T FORGET TO SAVE. Seriously. Especially if the stat build you've been making is really good and you like where it's going!The longer you play, the more you learn what stats to build up in advance to try and effect something you know will happen later. Especially if it effects whether or not you get killed!"
76561197961268144,Recommended,251990,18575832,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,strawd,"Unique gameplay, both rewarding and quite challenging. I keep finding myself coming back to this game every few days to try a different strategy."
,Recommended,251990,12269905,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kunikida Hanamaru,"If you're not the type to enjoy branching plot, dont play it. However it is quite interesting."
,Recommended,251990,12275814,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sheeptar the Sheep King,"This is a difficult but addicting game that can be a challenge for just about anyone. On the first runthrough you most likely will die, in my case it was from poisin chocolates, its alwaus the chocolates."
76561198054452562,Recommended,251990,12285861,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,vincentvanbuskirk,"Though initially frightened by the pink girliness of the game, I thought I'd give it a try anyway. I was quite happy I did. (And all that pink actually grew on me and gave the game a unique charm after awhile.)What a fun ride and with the multiple endings, it's great to play over and over! In fact, you'd be missing out for sure if you didn't because there is a lot of story that could be missed for each of the many members of the cast. Elodie is a great character too because she makes you laugh whether she's being good, clumsy, evil, dying, etc.It's sort of a laid back game in that you don't have to be mashing buttons constantly, but there is a sense of dread the further you go in that keeps things interesting. Maybe you didn't up the right skills and Elodie accidentally ends up with a sword through her! (save, save, save!)The music is pretty good too, though if you play it too much in a row (like I did when I was addicted those first couple hours) some of the tones might start making your older brother become irritated like mine ;)I really loved choose your own adventure style books and this game is a lot like one of those. If you like those kinds of books too, you should certainly give it a go or you'll be missing out!"
76561198090627668,Recommended,251990,12408453,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,rubyknight1,"I love this game.It's just so cute, and funny, and it showed me I could never be a princess as I would dieby chocolatesWant to be a magical girl? Buy this game. Want to murder thousands while sitting on your comfortable throne? Buy this game. Want to die in many weird and wonderful ways?buy this game[/i]"
,Recommended,251990,12419227,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,hawksearcher,"So, I have to admit, I never right reviews on games. So when I do, you had better listen up.This game is incredible. Certainly story-driven, but there are so many different paths to take in the story that you'll end up spending hours desperately trying to unlock that mysterious one secret path you never quite leveled up the right skills for. You may think you can just copy and paste your strategy, add a little here, take away there, but by the time you adjust your class schedule even a bit, you're already down a new, interesting path based on the consequences of events.This game is amazing and well worth the price. Get it. Now."
,Recommended,251990,12433993,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DEADLY ANOMALIES,"For me, the only princess simulator worth playing."
,Recommended,251990,10991017,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sinbu,"I don't write reviews for games.  I'm writing this because I bought this on steam sale, and then was blown away by its quality.First, the preface.  Long Live the Queen is a choose your own adventure novel, where you play as a princess who's mother just died, and you have to ""survive"" 40 weeks til your corination.  Along the way, there are plenty of things that can stop you from reaching that goal.Long Live the Queen does exactly what most choose your own adventures do, and more.  The reason why it's so awesome is because there are SO MANY different things that could happen as you play.  The decision trees are so wide, and all the skills do something.  The depth of the game is so vast that certain events drastically change due to small skill checks that happen beforehand.  It's really well done.One of the best parts about the game is the fact that you're a 14 year old girl.  Sometimes you (the player) know whats going on, but the naive little girl you're playing doesn't quite get it.  It's like why sometimes kids will be abducted by criminals offering candy; you and I know its bad, but to a child living in the moment, unless their parents said ""Don't accept candy from strangers"", the kid might be tempted to go into the van.  (Super minor spoilers) An example in the game is when you recieve chocolate.  You know that people are trying to kill you, and as a result, you probably shouldn't eat it.  However, if you didn't research the appropriate skills, your princess might dive into the chocolate without giving it a second though.  With the right skills, you can be like ""hmm, maybe I shouldn't"" and save it for later.Also, you get to be a princess.  If you get magical abilities, you'll be given a skimpy anime dress costume that makes your magic even better.  Makes sense."
76561198042217244,Recommended,251990,10991612,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zero Requiem,You get to be an anime princess. What more could one ask for?
,Recommended,251990,10992228,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Google HQ,"a game where you will die alot, but you keep playing becuase the many outcomes that come in the gameyou are a 14 year old girl that is riseing up to power, you have to add diffrent abillitys and or skill that will help you though out the game, it random so what ever you do it will affrect the out come of the game, dont like your resulest? well to bad, try again"
,Recommended,251990,10976595,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Strider,"Imagine its the 90s and you're reading one of those sweet choose-your-own-adventure books. We all know you'd hold a page at a decision while you'd skip ahead to see what happened with one particular choice then come back and try the other one. Now imagine instead of having 2 hands with 10 fingers helping you do this, you have 4 hands and for some reason, 25 fingers, helping you manage a constant stream of pass or fail skill checks that will constantly change the course of whether you live or die as you make save files to try and revisit your mistakes.In Long Live The Queen, you level up skills of a princess soon to be queen by taking classes. How well you absorb a variety of disciplines, from simple accounting to military strategy and beyond, is affected by your princess' mood. Learn swordsmanship twice as fast by channeling your anger but anger doesn't help you learn court manners and etiquette. Hopefully being a masterful swordswoman will help you fend off potential assassins. But swordsmanship won't help you if you don't have the foresight with trade and merchantile to know that chocolate from a suspicious location is poisoned. Experience in one area will pass you in skill checks and let events turn out favorably but oftentimes you'll fail many and just come out looking like a little girl (and you are really).And that's why I like LLTQ. It's a choose your own adventure game with hundreds of tiny variables."
76561197963882586,Recommended,251990,10993790,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Spyder,"This is a cute, fun little game you could have running next to hearthstone. Basically it's as if a game was based around persona's classroom mechanics. If you don't know what I'm talking about don't buy this game."
76561198038715205,Recommended,251990,10996871,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,a fat kid,You can play this over and over again and never have the same ending.  Each approach you take has its advantages but also its disadvantages but there is no absolutely right answer.
,Recommended,251990,10949425,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BluePhoenix,"This game was quite interesting to me. Like all games, it really depends on how involved you choose to be with it. Although the interactions and dialogues are mainly text based, they still allow you to create a very clear picture in your mind about the kingdom of Nova and what is happening.A couple of warnings though, if you already struggle with paranoia, you might want to avoid this one. Quite a few events are aimed at your life (as you can see from the achievements).Maybe if they had included adjustable difficulty (like easier to gain skills, and such) it might have widened the age group for players, but through trial and error most gamers should do well.The controls and dialog options are good, and having the option to skip animations or certain dialogues becomes helpful (after you are trying to survive through the same sections over and over >.<)It is also very interesting how many different paths you can take with which skills to choose from (and the outcomes). No two playthroughs have been similar.Hope you enjoy it."
,Recommended,251990,15822189,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sindar,"Lovely game that provides with a lot of fun and a high level of difficulty: every decision you take, from what to study to how to dress, contributes to make you die faster!!The visual aspect is also quite remarkable, clean and cute manga style visual novel that I can only recommend.I must also say that it is very addictive, I couldn`t stop until I made my way to the coronation day!!!"
76561198022774913,Recommended,251990,15822878,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tal'Ki,"A cute way to kill time, I'm actually rather fond of this game :)"
,Recommended,251990,15892918,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Xenophon,"... I... cannot comprehend how mad I got. I got so frustrated with it...  I kept getting killed. Then I thought if I let the dad die, i could be Lumen. But no? I guess they overthrow me, the treasurers deny me, and my Father disowned me... by dying... 6/10 Good Game Tho... Recommended Buy! Except it fell short... in a lot of places."
76561198039361191,Recommended,251990,15894826,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Garaylo,"Great game, it has so many different endings and so many skills that you need to have up at certain times to be able to pass the ""tests"" or fail and possibly die. The only thing i dislike about the game is the damn navy part where you will always fail unless you build more ships, because as we all know numbers are what win."
76561198074691072,Recommended,251990,15814120,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Larreate,"Marvellous gem, unexpected treasure. Don't look at cute and pinkish graphic, you will forget about this in about ten minutes and then simply find it charming, because the game is a clearly wonderful and one of the most roleplaying games (in a pure definition of this word) ever. Your Elodie can be charming and diplomatic, straight and harsh, a spoiled brat who abuses her power for her own good, a wise queen who sees in a future and prefers innovation. Your princess can take pretty much any role, that you want for her. But any of her actions, any choices have their consequences and the story, that you see, despite a main carcass, will be different each time. It's really cool to feel how your actions change the way of things. This and all trial and error way of gameplay of course."
76561198059042669,Recommended,251990,15815359,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Captain,"The game really should have been called ""God Save the Queen.""Cause I sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥couldn't.10/10"
,Recommended,251990,15818891,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Clowhen,"This Game Is So Freakin Hard. I Have Gotten Stuck At One Point So...MANY...FREAKIN...TIMES IVE BEEN WILLING TO JUST FREAKIN THROW MY GAME OUT THE WINDOW! But...I Do End Up Living Which Is Good, Because You Will Die...Many...Many Times. So Living Is An Outcome...I Can Live With. But All Together...This Game Is Freakin Hard."
,Recommended,251990,15808540,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jac1002,"Tons of choices to make,paths to take and endings to get. Just trying to survive to become queen is quite a challenge."
,Recommended,251990,15895509,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Prune Juice,What the ♥♥♥♥Just stay the hell alive!!!PLEASE
,Recommended,251990,15902925,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,mhuffman1812,A time consuming game that is worth every dollar. At times it is frustrating but that's why I believe it is an amazing game. I highly recommend people to play this game if they are looking for a challenging game that will occupy your time.
76561198024194566,Recommended,251990,16006353,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Maricksage,I came across this little gem of a game while on youtube and saw it's unique and interesting tactical feel. I have to admit that I do love this game quite a bit but it can be quite frustrating for first time players. You will have to die a few times before finding the right combination of skills to make it to Coronation day alive. A feat I am still working on mind you but it is kept interesting the more situations I am able to unlock by having the right skills. All in all I would recommend this game for any hardcore strategy game playersLONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!
,Recommended,251990,15807133,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,PizzaMenInvaded,"Wow! This game is fun and addicting! I played this more than I thought I would, and it keeps bringing me back! Bought for one dollar, but I would pay the $10 gladly!"
,Recommended,251990,15929808,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Schrödinger's cat,I ate a chocolate.
76561198059113790,Recommended,251990,15933962,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,DaughterOfAthena,"This game really can pull you in every direction! It's easy to die in ways that you would not usually expect! You can really play this game in any way you want, but don't be surprised if you meet an unexpected end! I think I had to play through this game 3 or 4 times before I actually made it to my coronation. Some of the achievements are pretty difficult to get, but this game will always keep you on your toes. Every time I play it I seem to find something new."
,Recommended,251990,15961961,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Disavowed Waifu,"This is a surprisingly good waifu simulator. Many different paths can take you in many different directions that go to many different endings, which I have found none of because I ♥♥♥♥ing suck.she's just as shut in as you are and is therefore just as naiveI wish I could be a qt 14 year old who doesn't know how arrow wounds work.8/10."
76561198077063794,Recommended,251990,15625023,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"Long Live the Queen is far more fun and challenging than it looks.Essentially, you select what classes Elodie, the young queen, takes each day, or what recreational activities she otherwise does. Not having enough training in one area will get Elodie killed. A lot. Be prepared to die, a lot. But it's not punishing; each death just makes you want to try again and again, and before you know it, it's 2am and you've forgotten to eat.Give this a try!"
,Recommended,251990,15648464,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Griffis,Wanted to become a beloved ruler; merciful and kind-heated.Became Cersei Lannister instead....9/10
76561198051301498,Recommended,251990,16139286,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PorQueBelfs,Whats your favorite flower? mines Chocolate.11/10 Store deaths are a good death
,Not Recommended,251990,13841697,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kite,"Rather than long life of being a queen, I found myself playing a choose your own death. Generally, you die either because of a stray arrow or lack of diplomatic ability. The real fun is in choosing which one you die from for the 500th time. Costumes are cool too."
76561198072202993,Recommended,251990,14373319,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,anash21,"Lost the kingdom due to vote of no confidence because I made some guy give up his land. Avoided the chocolate, ended up dying at sea.10/10 would die various different, painful, deaths."
76561197999251830,Recommended,251990,14358982,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bonniee,"Min-maxing at its finest, with plenty of hidden bits of text to uncover. I'm really enjoying it, and I know I've only scratched the surface."
76561198062483455,Recommended,251990,14414849,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"A single playthrough is short, but it will take lots of playthroughs to do and see everything in the game.I won by decapitating a warlord with a magical ""chyun!"" sword.10/10"
,Recommended,251990,14262367,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,chubagirl,absolutely yes! 9.0/10i have a magical pinky costume and studying magic(s)i am the ruthless queeni am married to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or maybe.. ended up in a Yuri Route
,Recommended,251990,14390817,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,혼자,A nice game if you think it's funny to die. I do. :-)
,Recommended,251990,14391890,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Farrah Sometimes,Enraging. Entertaining. All worth the $1 something I paid for it.
,Recommended,251990,14392903,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,EricTheWeirdo,I got a lot of my friends killed before being shot with an arrow.
76561198148184504,Recommended,251990,14394701,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Frogeye,Danced with my maid causing all the nobles to go silent other than a twelve year old's nervous laughter10 out of 10 would dance with maid again
,Recommended,251990,14428730,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ohagi-Chan,"This game is really hard. I read dozens of reviews that said it was hard before buying, but resorted to looking a a general tips guide after 5 hours of getting killed by foreign armies.""Wow... That's how badly I was playing?...""Yeah, this game forces you to step your game up to win, whether you think you're undeerestimating it or not.Spoilerturns out i was 3 turns from beating the game most times i died... :("
76561198004638606,Recommended,251990,7687624,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Olivier Lenheim,Gripping once you get attached to Elodie and then make a choice that gets her killed.
,Recommended,251990,14484393,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MulletDonkey,Fantastic game with great replayability. Reviewed in full on episode 1 of our podcast at:http://cyberpleasure.podbean.com/or on iTunes - just search Cyber Pleasure Podcast
76561198038812873,Recommended,251990,10322674,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Cyndane,"Pretty fun game, if a bit morbid."
,Recommended,251990,10326263,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,[NKVD] Shikabane-Hime,Kawaii
,Recommended,251990,15883789,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tey,"Insanely hard and well made game, i really like it. :)"
76561198018199406,Recommended,251990,15883850,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Katamariguy,This game has skills. Good for the payment of bills.
,Recommended,251990,16232432,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,luna340,"Life is like a box of chocolates...... it will inevitably kill you.Word to the wise: Youwilldie in your first playthrough. You will die in your second playthrough. You will probably die in your third playthrough. So if patience and persistence aren't your thing, this isn't a game for you.I, however, absolutely love it."
76561198018540287,Recommended,251990,16250852,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Blood for the Blood God,"What do you get for your money?A visual novel with a wonderful plot, branching story, and huge replayability.""WHAT KIND OF PERSON WOULD SHOVE AN ARROW FURTHER INTO THEMSELVES""-says everyone who went to Gwynelle's birthday without a high enough Battlefield Medicine level.The way the game makes you pick how you improve Elodie's skills as a ruler is what really stands out. Do you raise your Royal Demeanour or Military skills? Should I improve my Divination to be able to predict the future? And what the hell does Falcons have anything to do with being Queen?""♥♥♥♥ING POISON CHOCOLATES""-says those who eat chocolates sent to them without remembering proper Court Manners because they're a bratty fourteen year-old with mood swings.It's impressive how varied playthroughs can be. One time the peasants revolted against you, another time you became a kickass magical girl.11/10 would play againP.S. I have never seen a fourteen year-old with so many mood swings."
76561198137658960,Recommended,251990,16264064,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,robblu123,good game
76561198050715681,Recommended,251990,16131770,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,cavanasm,"A brilliant management / adventure(?) game pretty clearly inspired by the old school Japanese ""Princess Maker"" game series but with permadeath by default.So many ways to die."
,Recommended,251990,16147721,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,His Imperial Magesty,Basically made Elodie into Joffrey.Died by poison. 10/10
76561198064968124,Recommended,251990,15629022,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,That was Rude,"Became a tyrant, was very cruel to everyone. When the people rose up against me I killed them with magic. Then after I became queen, other lands viewed me as an angel. Okay then."
76561198155147068,Recommended,251990,15283913,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,CurioCrux,"a fun easy to play game. you will die... often, and not mind :D"
76561198083481474,Recommended,251990,15211827,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheFinal1,Got this game bc I though it could be fun.  It took a little to get going and was thinking I got this. First run: I died after 45 mins. Second run 30mins and I lost count after that. Didn't realize 5 hrs have passed and I'll be playing this all night. They events are good and its hard to repeat the exact same storyline unless your trying different builds. All in all very fun game.
,Recommended,251990,15486939,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Richard Rear,"Damn, I look cute in my new outfit! :DOh♥♥♥♥♥♥I got tentacled to death.10/10"
76561198090587245,Recommended,251990,16087028,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,PromptosWaifuforLaifu,"If you like strategy games you will like this.Story is interesting depending on the paths you take. Though getting some routes can be quite hard for me personally to get. The art style is cute and I like that you can change costumes based on what stats you want to raise. Also getting certain achievements will lead to you having to dedicate yourself to seeing some scenes over and over again, which to me can be a drag. Overall though, I was quite engaged for the routes I managed to get through. This game can be quite hard after awhile to try and figure which path to take to get those achievements. Music is not bad either(though after awhile drove me nuts)Overall unique game :)"
,Recommended,251990,16123175,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dusk Fox,"This game has a lot of replay value. If you are able to finish it in your first run, that is, which I highly doubt. It might seem a simple game with no real eye catches, yet you wouldn't be more wrong. This game is rich on story and your choices literally set the game into different paths. I would totally recommend this game to anyone looking for a nice visual novel with tons of endings."
76561198094860729,Recommended,251990,15155917,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ByakkoShenLong,becoming magical girl is already a reason to play this
,Recommended,251990,15161096,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,katlyn71449,Brilliant game with very high replayability! I have played for over 10 hours and still haven't found all of the endings! The dev is wonderful and occasionally updates for free! I would highly recommend you buy this game!
,Recommended,251990,15370421,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Funkopedia,"The story IS the puzzle (or is that the other way around?) In other words, the gameplay is not wrapped up in unrelated mini-games or mere combat. Incredibly complex training system, mood system, and plot system. Dozens of ways to confront every choice and event. Amazing game."
,Recommended,251990,15368071,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Phantom Knight Brolaire,"My first playthrough1. seems reviews hate chocolate (makes mental note to avoid chocolate)2. learns enough magic to wipe out someone completely on the spot.3. Recieves a gift4. find out it's chocolate5. *remembers to avoid chocolate*6. ""I'll just say no""7. can't say no8. yell at monitor ""DONT EAT THE DAMN CHOCOLATE""9. she ate it anyways.10. i died10/10 would eat chocolate again(2nd playthrough)1. gets shot by arrow2. Genius idea appears3. pushes arrow deeper into body4. dies10/10 Would shove arrow deeper again"
,Not Recommended,251990,15348799,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tiggum,"Kind of neat but gets annoyingly repetitive before long, because it's so easy to die and the events of the game seem to play out pretty much the same each time. Like one of those choose-your-own-adventure books where every other choice is death, and there are only one or two genuine paths through the story."
76561198028192370,Not Recommended,251990,15349922,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TsuKanye,"Pros-Funny ways to die-lots of choicesPro/con/depeneds on you-main character is a ♥♥♥♥ing moron-kind of forced to choose classes in the correct order, guess the ""fun"" would be finding that order-frustrationcons-misleading as a ""RPG"" as you can't really roleplay her in a style you want unless you do very specific choices for certain endings each time you play it. In the three hours I've played I found the correct sequence of choices for one of the supposedly 4 (to my knowledge) ending paths. After realizing that the main character is beyond stupid, and lacks anyform of common sense, and failing miserably during my first time through when trying to forge her into the type of character I would like it to be she ends up dying when attempting to dual this random dude I can barely remember.Seen some people compare this to dark souls ""because it is hard herr derr"" that is a blatant insult to the souls franchize in general, (except dark souls II that game should be shot) A souls game is hard because it is punishing you for mistakes, but it is also very fair. demon souls and dark souls would often lead subtle clues about how to pass the area ahead, so it is possible for people who are observant enough to beat a souls game on their first playthrough without much difficulty.This game is difficult however not because it is punishing you for mistakes, like not noticing a hint, but for simply not knowing something is possible in that game world. Why would a king allow his daughter who isn't even queen yet decide weather or not to allow a printing press, or to allow hospitals. When they are supposedly learned themselves.How would a princess who is a master strategist and fencer lose in a dual against a random nobleor how would a princess know that even if she maxxed out everything within lumen she would still lose in a magic dual because she didn't study meditation?the things in this world aren't internally consistent with logic, and thus create a sense of unfairness, and detracts from fun. I suppose their are people out there who would enjoy something like this, but I really really don't."
76561198025231817,Recommended,251990,15120000,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,knight of solamnia,... Is Elode's surname Stark?!
,Recommended,251990,15118305,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chris Were,Fantastic choose your own adventure game. Lot's of replay value.
,Recommended,251990,15131155,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ellen,"If you grew up playing Princess Maker 2, like I did, then buy this right now because you already love it."
76561198092243222,Recommended,251990,15133120,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SouthernVices,"I love this game. Love it, love it, love it. I even got my husband to play it (though he hasn't been able to avoid dying yet! XD ). I beat it honestly once, then immediately ran off to find the cheat codes to level up Elodie quickly. And the fact that the game STILL has updates is completely awesome. I've put 22.6 hours in for $10 and still haven't played the new storylines, so hell yeah has this game been worth it!"
76561198047757624,Recommended,251990,15133420,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tavis,"Let me put it this way... I'm on my first try, and absolutely panicking insanely over the question of whether or not I want to court the Duke of Sedna. Like, seriously, it feels like a major impact on my life here. This game is AMAZING. Even though I am DESPERATELY FAILING EVERYTHING EVER. GEEZ."
76561198060350499,Recommended,251990,15149751,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kitty-san,So I playied nicley and got killed every possible waydecided to play like a warlordkilled my unclekilled my favorite cousinthen the bigest tragedy of all I killed a chicken10/10 would make a heartless warlord again
76561198069555865,Recommended,251990,15103799,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Crystal Draco,"a nice game, albiet a little frustrating with all the different ways to die."
76561198152591734,Recommended,251990,15135857,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,eaterofdarkness,Perfect
,Recommended,251990,15140764,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sexy_Woman_Hotline,"This game would make me hate to be a princess they attempt to kill you in almost any possible way, oh just sitting in a garden BAM a snake goes to bite you and thats like the beginning it is a terrifying life for this person."
,Recommended,251990,15228338,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Daichii,"Frustrating... yet, relaxing."
,Recommended,251990,15265755,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Stheno,"OK! So I got the game, thinking ""Aw, this is adorable~ I want a cute princess simulator~"", and not thinkingie: blanking the entire plot of Madoka Magica11/10 me well doneThe chocolate is too good to ignore <3"
98765432123456789,Recommended,251990,15258516,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Kas,"This is deceivingly difficult, but it's so rewarding to get ALL the things. You'll keep playing.... even if it's rage inducing..."
,Recommended,251990,15263274,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Thogin[GZ],Was force to marry at 15 because I had no idea how to deal with the court and royality.  Killed multiple people with magic and ran my nation into the ground.Awesome...
76561197993520745,Recommended,251990,15273555,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,jfquesnel,"many options, very challanging."
,Recommended,251990,15015694,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,LA devotee,"Long Live the Queen is a visual novel with very artsy backgrounds. The music fits really well and the skill training allows for  a personalized path each time, with different decisions available. You have to watch out for the princess' states though, as they influence if the activity she's going to take fails or suceeds. Discover the castle where you live! Meet and interact with royalty, servants, and paupers! Be loved! But no too much for envious people to try and kill you :O Level up your history to not sound ignorant to the public. Level up your ocnversation, you want to behave accordingly and not be embarrassed in public events. The amount of combinations to try does it for plenty of hours to play, as you're probably going to die a couple of times at least. LONG LIVE THE QUEEN/"
76561198033046217,Recommended,251990,15101501,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
,Recommended,251990,15212424,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DroZzhat,"This game has a 67 on metacritic at the moment.  This only goes to show you how worthless metacritic can be in helping you make decisions on what games to buy.When I wanted to go play an easy game for a while after trying to beat this...  I went to play Demons' Souls.Awesome game, this.  Play it."
76561198009965591,Not Recommended,251990,15212651,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Amy Tazenda,"The game was fun but very low replay value.  If you can get it on sale it might be worth it for a little bit of short term entertainment, but it seems like it's something I played once but will forever sit in my games library uninstalled."
,Recommended,251990,15213357,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Capslock2000,"This game only becomes boring once you start looking up how to achievement, untill then 10/10 will play again to try and die the CORRECT way"
76561198010854953,Recommended,251990,13930414,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Talu,Kawaiiiii Kawaiiiiiiii KAWAIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!! Sudden death... please try again. And trust me you will.This game is really addictive so take care.
76561197993392850,Recommended,251990,15219448,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Joe Pesci,WTF Is... Long Live the Queen?
76561198079606653,Recommended,251990,15182487,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Frostfire,Funny game... good for kill some time
,Recommended,251990,15184311,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Drake Frost,"This game is truly amazing. ""Long Live the Queen"" allows for much more player interaction than your common Visual Novel. The first time I played this game I was amazed at the possible paths to follow....as well as the large varieties of deaths... Which will happen if you don't play your cards right.After about Six hours, I finnaly finished the game and the ending finishes off the story quite nicely, giving diferent post-coronation consequences. Note, the game doesn't exactly take 6 hours to beat. For you to successfuly finish this game on a blind playthrough, you must have luck, or many replays.After finishing the game, I decided to take a look at my achievements, and some written playthroughs. Watching both of those blew my mind. I didn't notice it much at first, but this game has much more paths to follow, actions to do, consequences that will happen, and ways to die, than i thought. Especially since, depending on your playthrough, you barely get hints about some other things that could have happened if you had done something else.The only downside to this game could be sometimes how annoying it is to repeatedly die because of a stupid mistake. But then again, it show just how high the stakes are in this game. Even after being outrageously annoyed, i still kept at it and did not give up.Overall, a very pleasent and enjoyable game, with a great story telling and progression, as well as a game filled with options to various different paths, actions and endings.Rating as a Visual Novel - 10/10Rating as a Game - 8/10"
,Recommended,251990,15188776,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Niceratops,"Addictive gameplay, pretty artstyle~"
,Recommended,251990,15554316,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,jennyanydots123,This game is really good. I recommend it to everyone.
,Recommended,251990,15246626,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,gtsomega07,I got shot with an arrow on the way to a party and died.Dis a good game
76561198047498717,Recommended,251990,15301106,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ananas,"One of my favorite little indie games i've come across. This is the kind of game that makes you think about your choices, and then reveals how wrong you were. The title is a bit misleading tho you never live long."
,Recommended,251990,7628049,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,WeskerBot3000,"This games REALLY likes to throw curve balls at you. It makes you second guess every decision you make. It takes you down the dark path of paranoia making you suspicious of loved lones. It turns you into a tyrant who rules with an iron fist who the people dare not take up arms against. Woe to those who think they can take your throne. Survive bandit attacks, assassination attempts, and civil war only to meet your demise at the tentecles of a giant squid."
,Recommended,251990,15341394,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Murakumo,"Got stabbed, shot by an arrow, drowned and poisoned. Then I learned how to dress and act like a proper lady.I really enjoyed my runs in this game and will come back to die a few times more every now and then.All I can say that it was a really good experience, closest to drag I most likely will ever get.LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!"
76561198104355596,Recommended,251990,15343936,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tolie,"Addicting, I hear the music in my dreams.10/10 would have dirty squid poems written about me again"
76561197988806679,Recommended,251990,15391513,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ArithRaynos,Amazing game! I'm addicted. I died so many times but kept playing.
76561197990833436,Recommended,251990,15439275,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zubat Man,"Do not eat the cake.Why do you not eat the cake you ask?If you have to ask that question, you do not deserve to rule.And theirfore you should, in fact, eat the cake.Unless you did not ask that question, in which case you should not eat the cake.Unless your a stupid mororn who does not want to eat the cake due to societies pressures, in which case eat the cake please.(FYI cake is poison)"
,Recommended,251990,15439700,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Journey Croix,"princess management at its finest, I have murdered her alot but by far the most by eating chocolates she will not stop stuffing her face with chocolates from strangers"
,Recommended,251990,15665175,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,moeblob,"This game is excellent. I bought it when it was on sale during '14s Summer Sale, and I never regretted my purchase. This game has the perfect blend of difficulty and moe, to where it doesn't feel like you are skating along with no problems, but just enough difficulty to add to replay value. With a ton of different endings and options (even deaths!) this game can seriously be played over and over again."
76561198057981817,Recommended,251990,7736258,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,NaCl| Salt-Li,Death awaits everywhere
,Recommended,251990,15690958,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Serishi,"Started playing after reading some reviews and thinking i was ready for it, faced bandits, poison, land war, civil war, sword duel just to end up in a lose-lose situation because I never thought magic was going to be useful until i was forced to fight a master lumen.It's funny how despite how good i was at war, fighting, economy and history I died just because i couldn't be bothered to get an orb back from my father to use magic, and because of that have to start from scratch.Moral of the story, you can never be ready for everything.10/10 Good game with its class system and the moods that effect how much you learn.DON'T WORRY ELODIE I SHALL MAKE YOU QUEEN ONE DAY!!!""The queen is dead long live the queen!!!"""
,Recommended,251990,15692260,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Razonix,"One of the things that really called my attention on that game is the similarity with the ""Princess Maker"" series, which was extremely fun back then (even though some might consider it controversial because a few immoral aspects included). Nonetheless, you can get to manage your character's skills through the given options and these choices are gonna serve as a foundation for the development of the story. Even though there're several different endings, I didn't really feel like trying all of them, so I just got happy when I actually managed to finish the game for the first time. Why's that? Well, if you ever played Dark Souls you're surely gonna get the idea. Ah, there're also the trading cards and achievements, which are always nice. Overall, it's a nice lil' game, but I still had more fun while playing the Princess Maker series."
76561198047290897,Recommended,251990,15693172,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Shar Wolf,Definitely different than I expected.Time to see the next ending...
,Recommended,251990,15238102,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,iwasaweeaboo,"Nice to play something that actually takes some brain in order to beat it.This game is trying so hard to kill you, and surely you will die often.This game is very much about trial and error."
,Recommended,251990,15509192,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Just Offscreen,"It's a very well written visual novel game. It's often compared to Princess Maker 2, but it's not quite as robust, or long. It has to be said though that it is very broad, and even one missed skill check can send your playthrough into a very different path than before. Once you've finally beaten the game, this gives you a very good reason to go back and try things differently. Very worth the price, and perfect for playing during a lunch break."
76561198048794210,Recommended,251990,15578283,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ruggle duck,Was trained in All of the arts of war. Swords bows pole arms. Even tactics. i was a walking army. i decided to eat some random candy that was given to me by some random person. I wasnt trained in detecting poison.
,Recommended,251990,15478351,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Troika,Queen SaysLong Live The Me!!!!!
,Recommended,251990,15656091,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,wraith,get ready to die
,Recommended,251990,15007450,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Arctiq,This is a surprisingly deep and interesting visual novel experience that I have never seen or felt before. It's really addicting and the story/writing is very good. It's a game where it actually makes me regret my actions.
76561198178845923,Recommended,251990,15714230,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dreamer2534,I like this game a lot. it has a very rich story plot..but can be fustrating to get though...since it requres traing and you dont know whats to come after that. But Its still a fantastic game and recomend it to anyone.
76561198098144730,Recommended,251990,16351848,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ThePetrichist,"I haven't done it yet. I haven't gotten to my coronation. I've had the game two and a half hours. I'm on Gameplan Mark 4. Sleep is eluding me. I cannot rest until I have become Queen. I have a sheet of notes and only a vague idea of how to implement my strategy.I'll probably die of eating chocolate again. Let's be real. That chocolate is made by Death itself to snatch you away from friend and family before your time. (Yes, friend. Singular.)Somehow I've avoided almost every romance (/arranged marriage/assorted courting and flirting) in the game. Then again, I don't pay much attention to diplomacy in this game, so maybe there's a reason no one wants to marry me. Ha, ha. I even OFFERED and they didn't take me up on it! Their loss; I can command an army or navy at fourteen and cure any disease or injury! FEAR ME, MORTALS!Also did I mention I can use magic? I CAN USE MAGIC. And a sword. AND A SWORD MADE OUT OF MAGIC.Please, buy this game. Especially while it's on sale. Excellent game for two bucks - you have 19 and a half hours, go forth and do the thing.Good luck, fellow heirs apparent. God save you."
,Recommended,251990,10869281,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lolcatsnigga,Turned out to be a pretty good/interesting game.Anime Hitler simulator /10
,Recommended,251990,16377432,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AGuyNamedSmith,Death by chocolates 11/10 would queen again
76561198098144162,Recommended,251990,11574057,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Oorin,"Guide dear, innocent Elodie on her way to becoming the next queen of Nova.Just be careful not to get murdered before your coronation. Because there will be a good couple of people who will want you gone. Arm yourself as best as possible with skills of your choice (affected by your mood) needed to overcome those dangers and steer Nova towards a brighter future!Of course, you also get to decide whether or not she stays innocent. Ordering executions, assassinations, human sacrifices, exterminating entire noble families (yourfamily), finding out dark family secrets, blowing people up, crushing peasants below your feet, ... . Whatever it takesto be queenfor the good of Nova, right?Bottom line is that you can be a noble, friendly queen whom everyone loves. Or you can be a stone cold b*** and rule with an iron fist so that nobody dares oppose you (possibly because they're all dead). That, and anything in between those two. Really, there's quite the myriad of dialogue options and choices depending on which choices you make yourself. I promise you'll find a path suited just for you! (And maybe blow some people up on the side, aye?)"
76561198043969171,Recommended,251990,11627721,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Shy ♫,SOOOO much fun but hard but thats what makes this game amazing <3 also the cards and backgrounds are really cool and yea you should get it and stuff :D
,Recommended,251990,11629702,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Gohoke,This game is just straight-up awesome.
76561197968916611,Recommended,251990,11643830,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Flawliss,"If you enjoy text based murder with success rolls, you have arrived. With heavily anime style inspired artwork. this is a a game of thrones in its own way. Heavily menu driven game. it is both entertaining and resource light for your computer. making it the perfect game between games.If your looking for something to play for a fun challenge. Or something while waiting for a matchmaker this is the cutest, and most deadly, choice you should go with."
76561198021711389,Recommended,251990,11569143,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Haglitm,You die. You die. You die. You die. You die. You got passed one part? You'll die two seconds later. This game will have you coming back over and over again until you get that crown you oh so rightfully deserve.
,Recommended,251990,11584103,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,NerdDevout,I love this game. Probably more than a 29 yr old man should. Its a fun simulation with nice art (though not hi-res -_-) that has definite replay value!
,Recommended,251990,11702912,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Seer,Very good game. I enjoy playing it every once in a while.
76561198034248637,Recommended,251990,11732561,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Korremarr,Very Creative and lots of endings to enjoy
76561198012273697,Recommended,251990,11108861,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,War god,BRUTALLY ANAL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HARD!LAY WASTE TO KINGDOMS. SLAUGHTER CRIMINAL SCUM IN THE CITY SQUARE. MAGIC? YOU BET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥THERE'S MAGIC.EAT CHOCOLATE.DIE OF POISON.DID I MENTION IT'S BRUTALLY HARD?
76561198111687415,Recommended,251990,11110460,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Xan902,"Visual novels are curious things, and yet here's one that really puts in the effort to make you think that you are actually making a difference in the story.While the story of a 14-year-old princess suddenly needing to take the throne in one year isn't particularly new, what makes this game interesting is how you have to manage that road to ascension.  You're given this wide spread of different skills, and they define what your (unfortunate) princess does well in.  For example, there's the standard court behavior, athleticism, and animal handling, but then there's things like military strategy, divination, and if you manage to trigger the right things, magic.  Even the princess' mood triggers differences in classes.  And it makes sense; in real life, would you like to study proper behavior when you're depressed?Does it matter?  Oh yes it does.  The game can be exceedingly brutal to your protagonist should you decide to do something unusual.  Spent all of your time sending the princess to combat practice?  Watch her consume a tasty treat and end up dying.  Decided to make her into the finest court royal in the land?  Watch as she falls in a duel or lands on her head.  There's a huge consequence system in place within the game, and while it doesn't hold your hand and tell you exactly what could happen, it does give you enough information to see what you could do to change it.That made the game much more interesting in terms of replayability.  There are sometimes little messages (optional) that tell you something might happened differently with a given stat raised higher (not unlike flags in dating sims, but not decision based).  This makes the game a little more interesting to continue delving through, as you get to see all sorts of reactions from characters.  And since the dialogue isn't insufferable most of the time, it is enjoyable, to a degree.Stylistically, it may be that people are not as interested in the anime-esque art style or the storylines themselves, but it is a common thread, and I wouldn't hold it against anyone if the visual aspects weren't appealing.  It's not called a ""visual novel"" for no reason, after all.tl;dr, Long Live the Queen is a fresh visual novel, with a well-thought-out gameplay mechanic, and a system to draw your attention in and increase replayability.  Though its visual style may put off some members of the community, I would definitely recommend this game to those who are interested in this genre."
,Recommended,251990,10625213,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NiciasSilverwing,"This game is rather remarkable, in that it probably shopuldn't work as well that it does, but oh boy does it. Simple artwork and design of many visual novels and dating sims, LLTQ shines in the events of the game. Trying to navigate the life of a princess is hard, and even after you have finished the game after coronation once does not mean it is easy for you. I have played this more times than I can count since it came out, and I still haven't seen half of the events that are even in the achievements."
,Recommended,251990,10651969,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,I AM THE LAW,"Get it during the steam sale for 5 bucks and its worth it. Wouldnt recommend paying the full price though. The game is more or a less a choose your own adventure.  I lost count of how many time I lost the before winning. That being said ive already probably seen 80-90% of the content it has to offer and I only played it for a day.  Still, it was enjoyable while it lasted and not many things can be bought for $5 for a days worth of entertainment."
,Recommended,251990,10652816,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KittehKhat,"Glad I picked this game up in the sales - there seems to be a lot more story options than your usual princess maker style games, and so far have been very entertained by the various downfalls the princess encounters - just makes me more determined to get her through next time around!"
,Recommended,251990,10656619,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ahrios,"This is basically a game of ""Can you collect all the posseable deaths."" And it is wonderful. The game is about a young princess who has to wait a year to be crowned as queen. Seems simple, but death is around every corner and you need to make sure not to fall for it.Pros.+Lots of strategy and planning.+Lots of replay value.+An overall fun game to play and kill time. ( A little addictive as well. )+Lots of diversity. ( If you re-play the game and choose a different option the story can change completely. )50/50+/- Unpredictable and hard to win. ( Although thats the idea. )Cons.-Upgrading your skills sometimes seems pointless, rather just focus a single one.-Too much failed Tests that just cant be won.Overall this game is really enjoyable with a lot of things that need to be payed attention to and a lot of replaying. You might say that ""Oh, but its not hard, you can just save after every week and just correct your mistakes as you go.!"" Well, if you like to play on ""Pretty princess perfect dificulty"" then be my guest. I prefer to start over and try to remember and repare myself for the event. Saving after each turn kind of takes away the realism and the ''edge'' of the game.9/10 Would die again."
,Recommended,251990,10708934,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shorokin,"Nice game in the vein of the Princess Maker series, but with a tighter focus. You develop your young to-be Queen, dealing with assassins, political intrigue and the dangers of marriage!Gameplay is simple but complex enough to give you wildly different games if you choose different things early on. A nice chill-out game without turning your brain off completely."
,Recommended,251990,10709796,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,walruskeeter,killed by an angry ginger man 2 times 10/10
76561198025483948,Recommended,251990,10690272,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Secret Princess,"Awesome Game very fun and hilarious  does get a little repititive but when you finally beat it, it feels pretty good."
,Recommended,251990,10691334,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,andrew the cowardly lion,This game is great. Get it. Get it get it get it get it its the most neckbeardy thing but also the funnest just GET it ugh i cant help you people if oyu dont want to help yourselfs
76561198045119107,Recommended,251990,10555352,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Shay,Such a fun game!  I've played it multiple times and died so many different ways!
,Recommended,251990,10712723,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cordial_Lump,"This game is repetative by nature. You're gonna die A LOT and read the same dialogue over and over (you can skip through it tho).That said, it's really fun to be a princess and try and learn about stuff before your kingdom falls into ruins. Lotta cool choices to make (although I think many of them are ultimately pointless), lotta cool costumes to earn, and many many many endings to discover.If you like The Stanley Parable and JRPGs you might like LLTQ!"
,Recommended,251990,10868830,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Benjababe,She has pink hair. 10/10
76561198027504738,Recommended,251990,10868430,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,99 FIREMAKING,It's the Dark Souls of point and click games. Prepare to get #shrekt
,Recommended,251990,10869817,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Graham Golden,2qt4u
,Recommended,251990,10870777,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Actual Spiders,"At first I thought it was just a cutesy anime uguu~ game. But when I got into it I found a lot of depth, with a ton of different paths. Really is worth a shot. Also, you can get murdered by chocolate and become a cat god in this game, so you should probably own it."
76561198037448606,Recommended,251990,10871419,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,d.c.henri,"Rogue-like, visual novel (not dating sim). Simple premise and innocently protrayed, until the first time you die, when it suddenly it becomes a fiendishly complex time-sink with plenty of dark humour. Imagine Faster Than Light, except you control a princess who can shoot lasers instead of a spaceship.Play if you like: rogue-likes, visual novels, puzzle games, role-playing games and games based heavily on story.Don't play if you want: a fast-twich adrenaline ride or don't enjoy tearing your hair out in frustration when you die again!Similar games: Magical Diary, Faster Than Light.Disclaimer: Hanako Games is fast becoming my favourite publisher by a long stretch, so my review may be slightly biased."
,Recommended,251990,10873060,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Anaf7,"Got shot by an arrow,  Elodie decided to push it deeper into body to remedy the wound. Died of bloodloss.1337/10"
76561198080781507,Recommended,251990,10873883,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mr. Blonde,"I loved this game, personally, there are so many things to do and not enough time to do even half of them. Most of the deaths are not illogical and the ones that could seem, are easily explained after finding out more about the story. Attractive characters, many types of end scenarios and there isn't only one way to win so every game will be different."
,Recommended,251990,10873915,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kangee,"Fast game, lots of fun. GET IT NOW."
,Recommended,251990,10875509,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JΛΛZЦ,"Great game.  Already have my money worth out of it on a single playthru, and there are 100s more plays potentially in the game.  Fun Fun Fun!!"
,Recommended,251990,11013487,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Applelight,"Marie Antoinette simulator! This game is incredibly cute, and it's fun, but for such a short game, there are some problems with its replayability.The idea is that you play as Princess Elodie, attending various classes to gain relevant knowledge and skill to be a leader. At the same time, you have four types of moods on a sliding scale: angry vs. afraid, cheerful vs. depressed, and so on. Various things you do in court will raise or lower these moods, and the strongest mood you feel influences what classes you're best at studying in. For instance, if Princess Elodie is feeling lonely, then she won't give her all with reading history books or learning accounting, but she'll be happy to practice her conversational skills. Raising the skills is very fun, as you get flavor text about what exactly it is that she's learning in her studies.The game mixes up the routine of skill-raising by making the world around Princess Elodie pretty kill-or-be-killed; you have to always think about the political advantage gained by choosing to study one skill over another. For instance, if you're going on a parade, you may need a polearm skill to defend yourself with, because you're all dressed up and holding a royal scepter--archery may sound cool, but is it really what you need to know to survive as the crown princess? The game has a good sense of making you ask yourself, ""What skills will I need to survive?"" while still throwing you some curveballs.The downside to this is that the game is short--it takes place over the course of 40 weeks, where each week is one turn of gameplay. This means that you have to be focused and decisive about the skills you're going to study, because while your stats can raise to 100 very quickly, you can only raise so many of them in the limited time you're given.To me, this is the game's biggest downfall. It takes about 2 hours to reach week 40, but if you hit a dead end it might take a couple retries to beat the game--still, that's 4, 6 hours max to play this game to its ending. Theoretically, the replayability should be high since there are so many skills, plot deviations, and costumes. But in practice, after you play through the game normally, a lot of the skills lose their appeal because of how limited their applications are, and how focused you have to be in training Princess Elodie. Ultimately, after the first time you play, it feels like you're in a rush to raise your stats.The game is so relaxing and cute, and it has a lot of charm. I really wish that it were two or three times longer than it is, so that you could spend more time exploring the different skills instead of feeling like you have to rush to a specific build. The short length of the game also makes it feel like there aren't really any characters besides Princess Elodie, because you never interact with any one of them long enough to see more than one dimension of their personality."
76561197984676893,Recommended,251990,11014357,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,doug norm,"Finally, I am the little girl.10/10"
,Not Recommended,251990,11015133,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,I Can't Even,"You see, I actually want to be a princess, queen, or what have you... But there is no fun here. Just a lot of arbitrary stats to raise by a couple clicks over and over and over again. It's awful. It made me not want to be a princess anymore."
,Recommended,251990,11016324,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Spanish Galleon,This game is really the only thing holding me back from my dreams as a queen superstar. Addictive and fun as well as really in depth for what it is.
,Recommended,251990,10998227,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Grand Tour,This game is an interesting one as i really couldnt decide if i would recomend it. In the end i decided thats i would recomend this game for several reasons. This game has a really interesting concept which i love. As far as i could see the story heads in the same direction everytime but as it goes whatever skills you learned along the way will help you. You can improve two skills per week and you can increase/decrease how fast you learn a skill based on your mood. This game has alot of replayablility as i found myself restarting and improving different skills based on what i had seen in the previous playthrough. I really did like the story although i did find it to allitle shorted then i would have liked. Overall Long Live The Queen is a great game to play to past the time although i do understand that not everybody will love it. Still i give this game a 7/10 and would recomend it.
,Recommended,251990,9117023,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Penguin,"LOVED IT. Absolutely loved this game. I beat it in one day, simply because I no lifed it because it's so awesome. Kept my attention all the way through. So many fails, trials and errors and good feelings when you win! Amazing. I do recommend this game... IF you don't pick this up, you're missing out!!!"
,Recommended,251990,11011459,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Theophilusxi,Very addicting - a strange theme at first but you grow into it
,Recommended,251990,10872285,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,➹ CreaMy,♥♥♥♥ING SAVE ALOT SIMULATOR
76561198084984271,Recommended,251990,10997965,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Higgas,This is the first time I have died in a game to chocolate. That hilariousness warrants the game by itself.
,Recommended,251990,10998264,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bipin,It's an amazing game that requires a surprising amount of strategy and thought. I personally really enjoyed it and am definitely going to play it some more.9/10
,Recommended,251990,10998751,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,MrEh,All You Need is Kill: The Video Game.
,Recommended,251990,11218030,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,tek automata,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRExjlxW7h0A game where you think you've made the right decision, and end up dying horrifically anyway."
,Recommended,251990,11219866,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,MystyFaust,Decoration is the best stat bar none. Glam as ♥♥♥♥ yo.
,Not Recommended,251990,11223083,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,(O_O)William (^_^) Fleming(~_~),"This could be a pretty decent and fun game but there is one thing that stops it from happening. The deaths, unless you know what exact scene they come up at, know what stats affect the outcome and hope they are high enough. The only way to know about this (with the exception of pre-emptively looking up a guide of course) is to play through the game upto that scene, note down the skills required and play through the game from your last save or the start (if you screwed yourself over from a recent or no save).If you enjoy that kind of thing and are willing to play through the game multiple times then go right ahead (since I know some people will enjoy doing so).P.S. Don't eat the chocolates..."
76561198065060739,Recommended,251990,11283933,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Angry Birdman,"Do you like teaching someone how to be better?  How about making sure they don't die?  Magical girls?  If you answered ""Yes"" to any of these questions, then buy this game.  It's pretty good, d00d."
,Recommended,251990,8983460,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Maxumym,"I was a princess, I learned magic, I married my childhood friend into an old man, I executed a duke that was planning to rebel against me, I incinerated a knight who challenged me to a swordfight, I murdered my aunt and died from eating poisoned chocolates.10/10"
76561198011696695,Recommended,251990,11139471,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,NaoyaMX,"Very short game with a little replay value because the mainstory (there are no sidequests) is very linear and the multiple choices doesn`t affect the story, they are just there if you want to know more about the story. But besides that is a good game but when you finish the game you will feel empty because you expected more hours of gameplay. Overall I`m glad to have this game in my library. 6/10 I hope Hanako Games make a secuel.I recommend it to buy it only in a sale."
76561197991859938,Recommended,251990,11141667,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Koji |{night,"I got to watch as my mother's killer slaughtered my armies, sunk my navies, and then as he killed my father right in front of me. Then I just had to tell him how weak I was and how great he was and he let me live. It's okay, my pride and kingdom were destroyed and all of my relatives murdered but I did become Queen, so yeah... there's that!"
76561198018546721,Recommended,251990,11375175,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Discoman,Yeah this game... Really.. Nice?
,Recommended,251990,8260738,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DoctorWho,"I like this game. It is, essentially, a princes♥♥♥♥er game, but it has nice visuals and enough branching paths to keep you entertained for hours."
76561198056230863,Recommended,251990,8264798,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Megane Overlord,"I love stat-raising games like this, and this one is no different. It seems to be loosely based off princess maker, and while it's nowhere near as good as princess maker, it's still pretty quality! It's both cute and sinister at the same time, and it's interesting to try different stat combinations to see how it would change the outcome. Unfortunately it's pretty short, but it's still fun."
,Recommended,251990,7839318,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Ian Pape,"This is a very interesting game. It's almost the social mechanics of something like Mass Effect expanded into a full game. You weave a careful path through rebelious nobels, invading rivals, freaking sea monsters and assassins. One slight stumble and you'll end up dead in a magical explosion, poisoned (always with the poison), executed or dead in battle. Very cool game."
76561197962826785,Recommended,251990,8275079,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,-DirtyAngel-,"a good timebreaker game seems easy, but harder than you might think"
76561198026805106,Recommended,251990,8276981,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sam K,This game is a lot of fun.  There's so many different ways things can go and at least 2 ways to accomplish pretty much everything.  It's a lot of fun to replay because there's so many different things to try and things to do each time.
76561197996885863,Recommended,251990,8279027,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Nomad240,"this is a fun fantastic game,"
,Recommended,251990,8194861,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ViktAhri,"Awesome game, Super cute, the musics nice, lots of varity and very funny. Plays like a VN.Only one request. Stop killing my god damn princess!"
,Recommended,251990,8264519,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shinobu-chan,Hell yeah I reccomend this game.  Cute girls ftw
,Recommended,251990,8266291,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Aihwa,This game is so goddamn frustrating.  But I keep clicking.  Because I don't want to get stabbed again.
76561198087020613,Recommended,251990,8266794,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dio,"A peculiar concept with near flawless execution, 'Long Live the Queen', delievers a completly out-of-the-norm strategy experierience. Unlike most games of this genre, LLtQ's decision making actually matters in the frand scheme of a complelling storyline. The steady, calculated strategy is represented in a very simple, yet effective way, and the multitude of endings and possiblilities give it more than your money's worth in replay value. Hopefully we see more strategy orientated games such as this in the near future. 9.8/10"
,Recommended,251990,8267599,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tyrant Yuyuka,Richard Nixon Presidency Simulator 2013
76561198040602867,Recommended,251990,8269170,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CuddleBump,"This game initially drew me in by its appearance, I love the art syle.When I played the game I was expecting a really cute sort of skill management game that wasn't too taxing to play.I was wrong.This game is very well done in the skill department, there are many to choose from, skills have a multiplier depending on your mood, and all the skills are important.My first playthrough I neglected my medicine skill trait and died by shoving an arrow through my lung because my princess 'read somewhere that shoving it in deeper helps somehow'.Sometimes I think little Elodie is not quite 'all there'.The game can be frustrating, but I like that, it makes me keep trying and trying until I get it right.Save frequently, VERY frequently."
,Recommended,251990,8251313,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Joker,"hard,fun,kinda sexy,awesome in genral i wanna do a video on it but it may be weird for a guy to do it"
,Recommended,251990,8256642,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,arcticflame,Pretty sure you die more in this game than super meat boy. 11/10
76561197963972698,Recommended,251990,8256840,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chii,"Very cheap, but very fun. Much more than i was expecting from it.The definition of a stats based rpg."
,Recommended,251990,8404879,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hilamonsta,Surprisingly good once you get over all the pink
76561198069513316,Recommended,251990,8404931,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,riggingchimp,"I've not managed to get too far in this game and would in fact actually class it as a 'stealth rogue like', but its a lot of fun thus far.Lots of different solutions to problems and ways to fashion your monarch in waiting and lots of inventive ways to fail horribly!Not overly fond of some of the outfits you can put on your queen in waiting for bonuses, but anime will be anime I suppose..."
76561198030737832,Recommended,251990,8405274,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ymeli,"A pretty engaging sim that reminds me alot of Princess Maker, though I think Princess Maker had better replay value."
76561197993063715,Recommended,251990,8406593,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Staal,Some weird♥♥♥♥♥anime strategy-RPG. I love it!
,Recommended,251990,10906694,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,New Butt Order,I stabbed a man through the heart because he said I was too violent and impulsive.
,Recommended,251990,10906808,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,asparagus,"Behind the light-weight, visual novel style and simple mechanics hide an incredibly deeply nested branching plotline. Don't expect fancy animations here - the design is minimal and facilitates quick multiple play-throughs. And play through multiple times you will, because death is often swift and requires much planning to avoid. Reaching the end of the game the first time will proably only expose you to 25% of the content, due to the vast amount of choices you make, many of which dramatically alter the direction of the plot. If you're the type of person who enjoys optimization problems, you'll feel right at home here.Completion time: 4 hours (first completion)7/10"
,Recommended,251990,10907733,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,姫,"Shhhhh, can you hear this sound? You are dead.11/10 would die again."
,Recommended,251990,10890139,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Clintonio,Quite a fun game that has some interesting twists and turns. You will die a lot.
,Recommended,251990,10890203,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rektbaka,"Tried to sing, got stabed by a sword. 10/10 Would sing again."
76561198032249256,Recommended,251990,10890402,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Davifflaelan,If you loved Princess Maker 2 you'll enjoy this!.
,Recommended,251990,10890928,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,hiding,better than kennklam's chun
,Recommended,251990,10891764,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Floattube,this game makes me feel so kawaii
,Recommended,251990,10892284,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CptFudg3Cak3,Get to be a QT animu grill for a short while before you get killed by just about anything 10/10 GOTYAY
,Recommended,251990,10892376,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Iggy,"""Putting sick people with other sick people will make them sicker.""""No hospital for us thank you."" :D- Brightest ♥♥♥♥♥ on the block 10/10"
76561198084867202,Recommended,251990,10892573,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LGblizzird,This game is harder than dark souls. played for an hour died 4 times ...
76561197966905211,Recommended,251990,10892604,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kazaf,"Hours of non-stop fun, so many outcomes"
76561198131895538,Recommended,251990,10893926,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BUTT BABY,when i first started playing this...i made me fell like a litle girl but it is actualy very entertaining just not realy worth the full price
76561198030077962,Recommended,251990,10894020,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Citysquirrel,"I have run two playthroughs so far and look forward to many more.  Some of my mistakes were obvious, in retrospect, while others are baffling.  I tried to craft a tomboy animal loving princess my first time.  My second was a magical girl.  Where will it end?   With me telling everyone I know to try this game!"
76561198065929477,Recommended,251990,10894024,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,alyabunny,"I will fully admit the graphics are the tiniest bit lacking (don't play fullscreen) and it can be a tad frustrating to play solo with no guides, but it is totally worth it. It's basicly a character building visual novel, and your choices REALLY affect how the story goes. It's also REALLY addicting. As I said before, I roughly spend about seven hours trying to figure out how to get past a fairly early on bit I was stuck on, and only managed to get another bit correct once, but that hasn't stopped me! As frustrating as figuring things out might be, it's a lot more rewarding than your basic VN style game and I really enjoy it! Figuring out the basics is not really that hard, it's the 'problem solving' bit that takes some work, but that just made it more fun for me and may lead you down alternate routes. You should at least give it a try before you make an opinion."
76561198048522113,Recommended,251990,10894163,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,astrogamer,"Love Live The Queen is a very unique game. It looks very cute but, has a pretty dark story. It is sort of reminiscent of the princess maker series. The choices have a huge impact on how the kingdom progresses through the game and if the princess survives to her coronation. And a lot of the time, she will not. It also has a large amount of replayability even if you do survive with several different endings and ways to win. Do you become a magical girl and destroy the invading fleet or do you become more of an armchair admiral and direct the troops or do you have to save your friend from the dangerous forest. There are many events that most do not see even in a few playthroughs."
,Recommended,251990,10894561,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ranger_Chris61,"Difficult, but well worth it. Great replay value"
,Recommended,251990,10894917,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Aya ❤,So ridiculously addictive and a lot more simple than it looks. Lots of trial and error.
,Recommended,251990,10895025,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RyouRyou,"This game really tests your patience, the text are fun to read. different skill stats will decide on your path when events appear whether it is closer to a bad end continue to ""SURVIVE"" and be crowned as queen. well with that said Long live the Queen!"
76561198046542197,Recommended,251990,10895299,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SpookyEzra,"Should be called ""A Million Ways To Die in Nova."" It's truly a great game. An incredible amount of options that affect everything, even if you don't think they do, keep gameplay interesting and prevent it from getting stale throughout multiple attempts or playthroughs. I'm a big fan of anime-styled visual novels and this is the best I've ever played. Definitely pick it up and enjoy."
,Recommended,251990,12230339,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,wowREALLY? Szasuke'Q(Ò_ÓQ),After starting up the game I have not shut it down... I want to beat this game soo badly and I can't .. ugh.... It's soo addicting... I recommend for the people with OCD who can't leave a game till it's beaten..
,Recommended,251990,12234691,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Raz,"This is basically Dark Souls: the visual novel.You're going to die over and over and over, in very brutal ways.Everyone except your father hates you, and is prepared to kill you at a moments' notice for even the slightest error in speech, gesture, or composure.Every single choice you make has consequences, both good and bad, and you'll probably die because of it.Your only goal is to survive until you get the crown on your head.Sounds easy, right?Cute little anime game with a cute little princess playing dressup and making relationships and shining knights and blah blah...  Oooh so cute!  Uguuu!   Right?Yea, no.You're gonna die."
,Recommended,251990,12235574,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Foxy,Visual novel mixed with trial and error and a lot of death.Won battle by singing 10/10
,Recommended,251990,12235871,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mosaic Dream,Now I know how I am going to raise my child.The game has lots of replay value.Good music.Interesting mechanics.10/10
,Recommended,251990,12236999,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,cuppycakemoo,"I discovered a new rage inside of me, but it kept me occupied for hours on end, so /thumbsup"
,Recommended,251990,12224410,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,"Anyway, I","for an hour i was all ""its not that fun i mean i gotta keep an eye out for everything"" but when i died i literally lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥I AM THE QUEEN TO BE AND THIS IS NOT THE END OF IT"
76561198058347313,Recommended,251990,12224432,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Emma,"I'm really enjoying this game, the strategy is deep enough that I'm not bored but it's not super hard either like most other strategy games I've tried. You don't have to like anime to enjoy it, though it does help. I recommend it, though it's not for everybody."
,Recommended,251990,12224556,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lucia,"Would reccomend this to anyone, Cute and fun game :)"
,Recommended,251990,12226497,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,samus_of_all_trades,"It took me five hours and multiple deaths to finally reach my coronation. I was poisoned, drowned and stabbed multiple times but after I started over (again) with a whole new, BETTER strategy that was immediately shot down by magic, I decided: WHATEVER! PUPPIES!!Puppies help you win at everything. (But it helps if you're a magical girl who's handy with a sword.)10/10"
,Recommended,251990,12227240,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Hambubger Helper,"This game has caused me to become depressed, paranoid, and insane.This game is the perfect distillation of the phrase ""heavy is the head that wears the crown"".I cannot cease placing this particular crown upon my metaphorical head.10/10 would reccomend"
76561198062869862,Recommended,251990,12227245,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Shitty The Wizard,no ♥♥♥♥♥ dont eat those chocolates. WHY would you think shoving the arrow in deeper would help.WHY WAS CLIMBING OUT THE WINDOW A GOOD IDEAoh crap daddy will never trust me again. OFF WITH HIS HEAD
,Recommended,251990,12293741,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,PotatoCyanide,"Don't. Eat. The. Damn. Chocolates.After playing throught the game for a fair amount of time I still didn't know what the objective of the game was except for 'becoming queen'. As far as I knew that just required passing through the events which would lead you to becoming queen, nothing special... but then THAT happened. Those damn chocolates.After those blessed chocolates happened I finally saw the objective of the game. LIVE to be queen (you thought I would've realized sooner but noooo) I hadn't save my game before because I saw no reason why I should but after those chocolates happened I put my game on. I started calculating my stats and making sure I had enough by a certain week (this game is pretty linear; the events are set and don't randomize) and I did see the day I was crowned queen but that wasn't enough. I replayed through the game to get the achievements but once in a while in some playthoughs I would forget about those. damn. chocolates. and keep dying to them :DDLong story short, DON'T DIE by eating them chocolates, LIVE to be queen, and GET all the achievements. One of the reasons why I played this game over and over was to get past those damn chocolates. Another reason was to get all the achievements. Other than that I saw no other point in playing again even though there are various endings. It is a pretty linear game, which may be bad for some, but in my opinion it was a pretty nice feature. Knowing when the events would happen and what happened in them gives you the time to level up your skills (or not) and to know when the route will change.I recommend this game 100% UNLESS you are the kind of person that doesn't replay through games to get all the achievements and get all the endings cause if you ARE that kind of person then this game may seem like a boring story that ends the same everytime (which it does NOT)Im going to rank this game in potatoes, 5/5 potatoes. After eating all them potatoes they leave you full and satisfied.BTW: this game is not girly :pp just saying."
,Recommended,251990,12296500,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BlueOrange,"This is a very clever game, with a unique set of mechanics that relate to managing your emotional state.  You learn skills more effectively if you're in the right mood for that skill, and can be completely unable to learn some skills when you're in the wrong mood.  Very rarely does a game ask you to truly choose who you are going to be, but LLTQ poses that question in a really interesting way."
,Recommended,251990,11568069,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,vgVikdal,"Have you ever wanted to guide a STUPID princess with the common sense of a ROCK and attempt to keep her alive long enough to become Queen? If so then this is the game for you!Teach Elodie all the right moves in all the wrong places as you fail skill check after skill check.Try to balance the emotion of a chonically-depressed 14 year old in an attempt to get her to learn how not to die to just about everything.Unlock various pretty outfits to dress her up in that boost her skills to try and rectify the fact that she notices less than a potted petunia.""The Dark Souls of visual novels"" -IGN10/10 yes I mad"
76561198037921638,Recommended,251990,10947496,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Birdy,"For such a simple idea, this is really fun. It revolves around trial, error, and guess work to start with, but the better you get, the closer you are to figuring out how to survive - and you can really make the princess survive for quite a while. It gives the impression of sickly-sweetness, but it's nothing of the sort. It's absorbing. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys point-and-click RPGs. There are so many different angles of the story to discover!"
76561198060554287,Recommended,251990,12193253,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Über-Czar Admiral Komrad Markley,"I created a warlord-tyrant murderer princess. What more is there to say, besides BLOOD BLOOD! BRING ME HIS HEAD. And then the immediate,♥♥♥♥♥♥ When you die."
,Recommended,251990,12195397,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Borut,"Greate combination of character RPG progression with conversational systems & non linear story. And it manages to avoid a lot of exposition found in other conversation-heavy games. Really neat, wish there was more like it."
76561197983184020,Recommended,251990,12197058,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,FatMat,"Something like a die and retry princess maker. The title is a charming oddity : the combination of a very unforgiving game and cute visuals. The princess is going to die a lot.I was unable to beat the game and find the good playthrough. The feedback about your decisions is so scarce and it is eventually frustrating. Neverthless, it's worth the try."
,Recommended,251990,12198287,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AyekaLooter,"Fun and interesting ""Dating Sim / Visual Novel"" style game, which is led through story choices rather than traditional gameplay.  You'll have to go through multiple times to get the best endings, but the game overall only takes a couple hours to go through, so its not a huge investment to reply, and it goes much faster the more you play.  Surprising dark in some areas for such a cutely drawn and visualized game.  Overall, recommended if this is a genre you like."
,Recommended,251990,10898235,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spironius,"After buying this game on a whim, I was very suprised at how good this game actually is! Don't let the looks of the main character fool you, this game is suprisingly dark and unforgiving."
,Recommended,251990,10899572,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PBslayer,very good
,Recommended,251990,10900072,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spacey,DAMMIT CHOCOLATE.
,Recommended,251990,10902686,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Silver Kestrel,"Not too sure what I was expecting when I purchased this but definitely not a game I thought I would sink so many hours into.Art style is cute, gameplay is straight forward enough (point and click) but there's a suprisingly amount of depth to the game in what you should study and the actions to take.Poor Queen though, killed off in so many humourous ways. Damn the chocolate..."
,Recommended,251990,10913661,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,monogarden,so far i've died a lot.
76561198054805567,Recommended,251990,7703464,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Kinnakoa,"Really cute VN-style game that's surprisingly addicting. The only real gameplay comes from the choices you make to determine how your princess can handle the various scenarios thrown at her, but it's fun to see how everything plays out with each playthrough."
,Recommended,251990,12626065,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,atris13,"This is a very entertaining story/game.  If you intend this for children, they may need assistance considering some of the strategy that is required to pass certain ""checkpoints"" in the game. Overall, it's actually fun for anyone."
,Recommended,251990,12532228,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,DeLarroque,"When I first got this game I thought it was actually going to be rather girly and ridiculous but thought why the hell not. When I started getting achievements for dying I realised maybe I was wrong. But this was not infact a bad thing!It's a 2D point and click RPG which you can play for a pretty decent amount of hours, there are various combinations and ways to 'win'(reach your coronation). At times it can be annoying when you die for a really silly reason, you're just unfortunate enough to not have that skill that would have saved your life in that moment.I'd certainly recommend the game for light entertainment that can be picked up easily."
76561198056568636,Recommended,251990,12696649,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Agreeableanimal,Fun game tons of replay value. :D
,Recommended,251990,14050456,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Clem,"The game starts out sweet and simple, to the point. You train her your way, and it's fun to see what expression she has next.But then she recieves chocolates and eats them, without a choice for you, and you've trained her to know poison, but of course, she eats them anyways. Then if she doesn't survive you have to start an entirely new game and train her in poison. Then she is battled for her kingdom and you forgot to train in military.The game basically teaches you which choises to pick later on so you can get farther, but I usually end up dying anyways.10/10. This is fun for time killers, or just anything. I love it so much!!"
,Recommended,251990,13808365,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JonWaterfall,Challanged someone to a sword duel during a party and got stabbed.
,Recommended,251990,13808614,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kaden,"This game is definitely enjoyable and I love it. After making it to the end of the game, I've found that the game is easy to beat if you know what's going to happen in the story. Also, the story is rather short, from what I've seen. Take into account that I haven't done everything for the game. But that doesn't change anything. There are so many options that shape your ending, that I didn't know about. I personally plan on replaying the game trying for all the endings, all the achievements, and all the deaths. I love this game, and I definitely reccomend it."
76561198064836379,Recommended,251990,13824658,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SamTheSmartOne,"This game is one of my favorites! It has a very interesting story line, and i have played through it many tmies and none of them have been the same! its well made and i got attached to the main character elodie. one of my new favorites"
76561198088991361,Recommended,251990,13827279,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mel.d94,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game.I just cant win! No matter what I study, who I speak to and what I succeed/fail at!I love the story, the grafics and character designs (mostly elodies outfits) are really good.But geez! You have to be a master at multi-tasking or you're gonna die. Probably from the chocolates."
76561198044276395,Recommended,251990,14013999,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Alysevator,"I remember getting this game and thinking 'this might be okay, it's on sale so I'll give it a try.' So I load up the game and follow the begining instructions and suddenly I found myself being dragged into the game. 10 hours later and I wonder why it's suddenly getting dark. 15 hours later, I finally win but wait, I have to go to work now? I haven't gotten all the endings yet! Can't stop playing. I need all the epilogues!"
76561198037660703,Recommended,251990,14004203,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SheWhoRoars,"This was a really fun game! It was really interesting trying to find all the things that you needed to keep from killing you, and learning what you needed to do next both to prevent that, and just do well in other things. It took me probably eight tries to win, and there are so many achievments that I havn't unlocked that I'll end up playing a lot more rounds. And the music is super relaxing!"
76561198023278742,Recommended,251990,14005879,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rastalew,I never knew how much I wanted to live to be Queen!
,Recommended,251990,14019007,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,theatilla,"Well, it's not Princess Maker 2, but it gets reasonably close for my liking. Plus, it has hilarious screens when you get killed, so there's noting to lose."
,Recommended,251990,14071248,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Moniika,Very enjoyable :)Tons of endings and story to explore.
,Recommended,251990,14072838,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dru_P,It's so good dude
76561198068175759,Recommended,251990,7625786,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,vSeren,my dream fetish lol
76561198107073015,Recommended,251990,14119145,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,tvdraco,"More difficult than Dark Souls with better animations than Assassin's Creed Unity. Train your dog, save the world. It is a bit limited in some aspects such as not being able to execute everyone and anything or raise massive armies to preemptively strike all the noble gits who sit on your land and sneer at you but fun all the same. A great Visual Novel for anyone who ever wanted to rule over anything."
,Recommended,251990,14120861,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,King Waka Laka,"Long Live The Queen is a visual novel where you play as a Princess in which you must increase your knowledge to better understand a situation or to protect yourself from harm. If you are able to survive, you'll be then crowned queen.This is the first visual novel I've ever played before. I learned of this game after watching a vlog from Felicia Day. For those of you whom too never played a visual novel game and would like to play this, I going to say that two important things to remember is SAVING! Saving is the closest thing to a friend than anyone else in the game. There is a reason why you have 100 save files. You'll find out that you'll make tons of mistakes, and rather than starting from the very beginning, you can hop to that last event in hopes you made the better decision.The second thing is don't be discourage. You'll not survive on your first run through of the game unless you're a VN God. There will be many times when it feels like everyone is out to kill you. This game makes you do a lot of back tracking. Sometimes you'll run into an event where you died because you didn't have enough or any at all in this skill. You go back and learn those skills but you get another event and realised that you missed out on another skill. Also the decisions you make play a big factor as well as to what to study. I honestly struggled many times and even gotten a little stressed out.Now about the game. I enjoyed how the system/function/mechanic of this game works. Depending on what type of mood the princess is in determines what bonuses and penalties you get from studying a certain skill. Also doing certain activies can change your mood, so you want to remember this when you are trying to get a bonus on a skill you want to study. Bonuses/penalties will increase/decrease the amount of points you get towards the skill.The storyline is well thought of. Your decision making actually makes a difference. I really enjoyed the characters on how they look as to also their dialogue with each other. I feel like the conversations the characters have with each other are actually conversations. You aren't playing a game with soulless characters, they have personalities. Also the music selection is very well thought of. The type of music plays depending on the situation you're in. So a fighting event would have a dramatic, fast pace melody where as the calming music of when you are studying.After 20 hours, I finally was able to survive many encounters and was crowned queen. I realised there is actually more to this game than I thought. Will I be going back to get those achievements? As a completionist, of course, without a doubt. However probably not anytime soon. If you are looking for a challenging game with great music, storyline, and characters, this is the game you want! I do hope they make another game similar to this style.Storyline: 9.5/10Characters: 10/10Music: 9.5/10Difficulty: 9/10, yes it is that challenging.Final Grade: 97/100, probably doesn't make sense. I don't care. I love this game, LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!"
76561198006835853,Recommended,251990,14135711,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Keikuina,"I got attacked by bandits and got an arrow in my side.Afraid to pull it out, I shoved it in deeper, hitting my vitals.10/10 would die again."
76561198032000724,Recommended,251990,13948011,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Laughing Dog,"A most amusing game, it took me three tries to ge Elodie to just not die.  And, honestly, I have the feeling I'll be going back for more.  Thankfully, Death by Chocolate wasn't a thing.  9/10, going to be playing again."
76561198067420207,Recommended,251990,13951531,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LightningRani,"Why you should play Long Live the Queen:1. You can dress up as a magical girl!2. Even if you win once, there are a lot of different things which you might want to explore. The path I took meant I missed out on some interesting stuff, even if I won in the end. Replayability is great in a game like this.3. There are a lot of ways to win (and a lot of ways to lose). Saving a lot helps, and the game is built in such a way that you can get feedback on what choices you should have made. And the game auto-saves for you if you forget to save at a crucial point.4. It's a game which, on the surface, seems really easy, but requires a lot of strategy to work, especially if you're aiming for a certain kind of queen. It's not only what skills you want to invest in which matter, but your mood. You want a queen who can act like a queen? Good luck with that, because only 2 out of the 8 moods (excluding Injured and Neutral, which are hard to get) aren't negative towards that feature, and it's hard to get those said moods. Figuring out what skills you want to invest in and how much is crucial if you want to succeed.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes interesting strategy games, and want to see how hard it is to be a princess."
76561198037082791,Recommended,251990,13951955,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Portice,"Guys. Guys, seriously. Get over yourselves and get this game. You fools."
76561198068208518,Recommended,251990,13952711,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Paul Plasmus,"True visual novel: For once, you choices ACTUALLY mean something SIGNIFICANT!Great job devs, you've made a fantastic (game/story(you truly blurred the lines!))"
,Recommended,251990,13953804,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,pandakoi,Moe Death Simulator 2015.11/10 would fail and push arrow deeper into wound again.
76561198151765798,Recommended,251990,13954225,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,logankr94,I love this game.......i hate this game..............buy this gamemake sure you level up correctly. You will die many times
,Recommended,251990,13954671,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pennywise's Balloon Weiner,why is it called long live the queen she lives for like one second then dies
76561198074912718,Recommended,251990,13940480,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,wezza14,STUPID FN CHOCOLATE :) 20/20 would poisen again
,Recommended,251990,13942848,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tullamore,Don't get fooled by the graphics. It's brutal and you're gonna die. Repeatedly.
76561198163464693,Recommended,251990,13942895,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,meremadesings,"Wanna play a game from an incredibly sadistic dev with princess?  Then this is the game for you!  I have no clue why Hanako Games decided to torment us so, but wow, did they make me scream at my screen 'WHAT? oh come ON!"" after several deaths.  Incredibly frustrating, yet the urge to beat the game kept me going.  Try it, you might fell the same burning joy I did when I beat it!"
,Recommended,251990,14025547,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Robert,Amazing game. Have been playing it over and over.
76561197995282581,Not Recommended,251990,13638346,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,28-3 lead,Good for about 5 hours of gameplay. Hard to recommend when there are free flash games that are only marginally worse.
76561198083485985,Recommended,251990,13640531,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kawaii-Guinea,this game is awesome and addicting. dont start it without at least 8 hours blocked out.
,Recommended,251990,12950647,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,kamiruzu,"A good example of how a simple game can still be very engaging. Technically, any decent programmers can make games like this, but it doesn't mean this game is not fun to play.This game is also a good example of sid meier's maxim ""A game is a series of interesting choices"". You have to pick your choice carefully because you can't have everything in a single playthrough.This game is not long but I think its an advantage because it's not hard to reply it many times to see its multiple endings."
,Recommended,251990,12978966,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Kayla Koala,Very pleased with this game. You can change your fate with the power with song and that is the type of queen I wanted to be.
76561198054654620,Recommended,251990,25810346,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jamie,Great little game to sink time into with plenty of choices and endings along the way.
76561198005839730,Not Recommended,251990,12084321,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Chen_96,"Surprisingly fun, but extremely repetitive. This game is about trial and error, once you fail you will probably have to start from the beginning again. Which can be frustrating because of events that you are unprepared for. This game is not worth the 10$ (uless you're into this kind of games), but you should buy it when it goes on sell."
76561197992375595,Recommended,251990,25851635,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Valikdu,Princess Maker: Prepare To Die Edition.You will die. A lot.
,Recommended,251990,26165933,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,boom boom saloon,"First game, decide to become a brutal authoritarian dictator, promptly stabbed to death.Second game, to become a pious queen of the land, poisoned by chocolates.Third game, form diplomatic relationships with everyone, killed in a rebel uprising.Fourth game, give authoritarianism another shot, get stabbed to death, again.Fifth game, crush all rebel uprisings, learn magic, study hard and well, forced to sacrifice myself to stop a kraken killing everyone.Haven't even managed to get married yet.10/10"
76561198047167569,Recommended,251990,25917600,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,smoking0gun,"Look. Personally, I don't like the anime style. Grinds my gears. I'd love to see a game with a similar premise in a different skin, but hey, this is what we got.That gripe out of the way (not that the art style or art itself is bad- au contraire! Artistically, it's lovely. I just don't like anime, personally.), let's talk about the actual gameplay. It's not very... involved, right? You sit back, make choices, and watch the events of the game unfold because of your choices. Depending on if you study X thing or talk to X person, the game plays out differently each time.Only problem is, there's precisely zero replay value.Once you figure out a way to win, then you're done. Unless you wanna go back and brutally murder this poor girl every way you can, the game's pretty much over. Are there many new and exciting ways to win? Not that I found. There's like, 3 good endings which can all be attained in this game's relatively short playtime in like, four hours, tops. That's with all of your mistakes.Still, it's rather cute and fun and was enjoyable while it lasted. Definitely pick it up if it goes on sale."
76561198072296023,Recommended,251990,25918779,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,semioldguy,"I hadn't played any visual novel style games prior to this one being recommended to me. Many of them seem to be romantic in theme, and that isn't really my thing. That being said, I really enjoyed Long Live the Queen and played it quite a few times even after winning. There are multiple paths to victory and several different endings that you might all consider to be victories.The story being told here was both captivating and dark. It is difficult to win and you will die. Many times. Fortunately the playthroughs are relatively quick, which is good as it may take a play or two to get the hang of what exactly you are trying to do and come up with a plan. It also good that playthoughs are quick because you will die. A lot. And then you can jump right in to the next storyline that will likely end in your death once more.The mechanics are simple without being dumb and they have importance to the gameplay. Choices very much matter in Long Live the Queen and a certain amount of learning is done through failure and then changing strategy on the retry.When I get the urge to get into another game in this genre, I'll definitely be reaching for one of the other Hanako Games titles as their other games look just as intriguing."
76561198204773980,Recommended,251990,26076738,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ace-Trainer-Elise,"Spend all your time learning about war and witchcraft, get poisoned. Try again, a civil war breaks out. Try again, bluff, get forced into a marriage. Do you want to execute this woman? How about send assassins?"
76561198042488225,Recommended,251990,26080499,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Reshif,"Long Live the Queen comes off as a strange visual novel at first, but in reality it's a difficult strategy game about micro-managing the mood swings of a fourteen year old girl.10/10 would sacrifice my cousin to a tentacle monster again."
76561198006970339,Recommended,251990,27247312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sinnerssaint,A great casual game that has stood the test of time.
,Recommended,251990,27328701,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spatula,Try not to die simulator
,Recommended,251990,27335134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,enkaygee132,"Nominated for the Whoooaaaaaaa, Dude! award. This game blew my expectations out of the water."
,Recommended,251990,27330752,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Botty Botsworth,Play as a cute princess girl. Burn your enemies alive with magic. Release a kraken and feed it people to save your kingdom. Die from chocolates.15/10 - suggest to all my friends even in death.
76561198144592876,Recommended,251990,30929173,Posted: 3 April,all,TrixyNixy,Picked this up after seeing Sips fail his way through it. It's actually not a bad little game! Quite fun to collect all of the death scenes. Worth a try if you have some time to spare.
,Recommended,251990,27180658,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rebelgamer,"Absolute blast to play, but be warned, you will die a lot before you finally survive to your coronation.  Every choice has reprecussions, both good and bad.  Assassination, betrayal, sacrifice, they are all tools in your hands as you try to survive in the hostile political environment."
,Recommended,251990,27124605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sakura,"A very endearing and cute game with some fun choose your own adventure style gameplay. The main character is adorable and this is a great way to spend an evening playing. There is some frustration with getting things right, but that's to be expected for this style of game."
,Recommended,251990,27187230,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,alilacia,"It's difficult to explain this game and there is alot to learn but I had lots of fun with it, although dying was frustrating. And there are lots of ways to die. Which is also part of the fun so... :)Yeah, this game is worth a moment of your time. Especially if it is on sale."
76561198034148598,Recommended,251990,8446419,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TsundereHime,"Long Live the Queen is a surprisingly addictive and challenging visual novel. You play as fourteen-year-old princess Elodine, whose mother, the queen of Nova, has just met an untimely end. As a result, Elodine will be crowned queen in one year. That is, if she can survive that long.Survival is your top priority in this game and is much more difficult than it first appears. You will die. There are a total of eleven possible ways to die and plenty of opportunities to meet your demise. You could face anything from a civil war to assassinations to foreign invasions. My first death involved chocolate.The gameplay is deceptively straightforward and simple to pick up. Each week you must decide which classes Elodine will take to increase the skills you want her to have. What skills she does or doesn’t have will determine her options during events and often the outcome of your choices. On top of this, her emotional state will affect how receptive she is to learning different skills, and bonuses or penalties are awarded accordingly. Learning skills she has a bonus for will help her learn those skills much faster, but penalties can actually make studying certain skills pointless until you change her mood. There are eight moods you must balance, each negating another mood, along with a hidden cruelty stat that can help or hurt you in the right circumstances.Reaching the coronation is satisfying itself, but how you survived the year will lead to different endings. By the time my Elodine managed to become queen she was a cruel, power-hungry monarch. The ruthlessness that allowed her to survive had many consequences, not just on her but the people around her as well.If you’re interested, there is a demo available at the Hanako Games website for Windows, Mac, and Linux which is long enough to give you a good idea of how the game plays. Save files from the demo will transfer to the full version, so you won’t lose your progress either."
76561198057785714,Recommended,251990,17466780,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SpaceCodet,"It's good.The game is written well, there is lots of acheivements, it's not a junky game in the same way others in this style are, lot more gameplay time then you may think and so on. If you like story games you'll probly like this one too. It's not just for girl either."
,Recommended,251990,27339533,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sleepy Idol Mango-chan,"Its a game that could be very easy to miss, but its definitely one that you owe it yourself to check out.LLTQ is a beautiful mixture of the modern VN and ""choose your own adventure"" of our childhoods genres that culminates in a short yet incredibly captivating story experience.The amount of potential routes and endings is impressive and will keep the game fresh and enjoyable through many playthroughts."
,Recommended,251990,27387884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tsubananana,Passed Dog check.I lived another day.
76561197989256577,Recommended,251990,26975033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[WitchHuntersInc] Veritas,"A lovely game of spreadsheets, princesses and regrets."
76561198095863048,Recommended,251990,26972061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nagaresu,"This is the Dark Souls of Visual Novels.You will Die...over...and over...and over...but if you take the time to learn from your multiple deaths you just might find a way to an ending that dose not end with you arrowed, bled out, choked, drowned, skull cracked, life drained, monster food, magiced blown up poisoned or stabed.and you may even have fun.Good luck, and Long Live the Queen"
76561198026098463,Recommended,251990,27016214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monkeei,Find new ways to fail your queen! awesome storytelling.
76561198075387638,Recommended,251990,27000136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mrcalesj,"Long Live the Queen is amazing, simply amazing.It's a weird game, particularly if you're used to more mainstream stuff.  It's all text and dialogue choices.  Despite that, it's hard.Brutally so.If you've ever wanted a Game of Thrones game, then this comes closest to the show- to the political intrigue and general hardness of life- closer than even the show's own video game spinoffs."
,Recommended,251990,26060883,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,theboxcarracer,"This game is excellent. It avoids the usual failings of visual novels by being extremely repeatably and mechanically engaging. Maybe not a game for everyone, but if you think you might be into it, it's highly recommended."
76561198231954884,Recommended,251990,26174260,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,thetatgamer,"Way more fun than it looks! I thought this would be casual and get old fast, but the fast the everyone wants you dead keeps the excitment coming! I got this game earlier today and have been playing it almost nonstop! I'm gaining stratagy and it's fun to play evil queen or be a great queen! I reccomend this is casual players that don't mind action being in the form of words."
76561198062348785,Recommended,251990,26798996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,clickxels,"A young girl lives through the same period of time, and suffers because of your poor choices.No, I'm not talking about Life is Strange."
,Recommended,251990,30746435,Posted: 26 March,all,MajesticBiscuit,Apperently I am bad at politics.Pros:- Achievements for how many times you can manage to die? Check.- Achievements for how many different WAYS you can die? Check.- Achievements for how bad you are at politics? Check.- Achievements for Dying some more? Check.- Steam Trading Cards of all the ways you can die? Check.Cons:- Not enough death.
76561197975713932,Recommended,251990,26980840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stephen2298,It lacks the dungeon rpg elements of Princess Maker 2 but it's still quite fun!
,Recommended,251990,13768274,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Muffins,Crusader Kings light. Brutal as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198205147132,Recommended,251990,26954422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rozzlynn,Best use of a farm animal: hunting dog saves you from one of the silliest deaths imaginable.
76561197994892951,Recommended,251990,26946310,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chicago Ted,"Best contender for ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award"".  In the magical kingdom of Jerry Springer, death awaits behind every corner.  Seriously, you will die a lot.  Excellent raising sim that reminds me a lot of the Princess Maker series."
,Recommended,251990,30926475,Posted: 3 April,all,Crystal Rose,A delightful little game. Don't be deceived by the simplistic look of this game. It's harder than you think!
,Recommended,251990,16662451,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,◀Crona▶,Short game with a surprising amount of replayablility
,Recommended,251990,16418502,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[ZSG] al'Thor,"This is a fantastic game, while not visually impressive, the Tamagotchi-on-steroids-esque nature of this game is extremely compelling. I found myself playing it for hours and hours after buying it this last weekend during the summer sale, trying to find some way to avoid death. I've not made it to the coronation as of this writing but it is still a ton of fun. Go get this, go get it now!"
76561198158998320,Recommended,251990,26530195,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,yoruko57,This game is fantastic! I love finding new ways to die and to rule the kingdom. 10/10 would die from choclate again.
76561198254535341,Recommended,251990,26445244,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,EspoirPoème,"THis is a great game and I definitely recommend this! ts probably not for everyone expecially if you get frustrated from dying so much, Like I did when I played without my brother. My brother would kinda help me along with it as my royal advisor but then when I died because he didn't tell me what to do or I didn't do what he said he'd loook at me and be like ""see? Seeeee?"" Its a great game and it made me laugh with one of the endings I got to without my brother; Correction I refused the ending and died.  You can get a lot of different outfits depending on which you study the most kind of deal. And the story I think is great, I love games like this and its really just a great game the only problem is like you binge it for 3 days and then its over and your like NO, Its too quick ;-; I want moar.... But, Really its great. Bad: (POSSIBLE SPOILERS:)Now with the bad stuffs, It can be gruesome a lil . And the moods are not bad actually, to be honest they are perfect, its possible to get to a neatrul point with them but its not really the easiest thing to do. But yeah, I think this game is overall pretty great and I really have enjoyed it and don't have much bad to say about it. So yeah, theres my review. Also I recommend you voice the characters :3 or have someone voice them for you. Thanks for taking the time to read this! I hope you enjoy the game if you play it and Thank you for the people who made this game!"
,Recommended,251990,24300393,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"Visual Novel meets Kingdom Management meets SURVIVAL HORROR!Some cute visuals and a ton of different endings, trying to ""live long"" as a Queen truly is a perilous task.I've not found another game quite like this yet which is a bit sad because this was really well made and really enjoyable. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,251990,26825548,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Randy is beautiful,Sansa Stark simulator
76561198036561843,Recommended,251990,26608806,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Owlflame,Super fun time waster. Try to win. I dare you.
76561198022391714,Recommended,251990,30883158,Posted: 1 April,all,BaronessRomanova,"A challenging strategy game in which you only have a certain amount of time to train the Princess before her coronation. It is nice that you can take different options and they all impact upon the game, plus different ways to solve things. It is also nice in that the game is not afraid to kill you if things go horribly wrong; nicely summed up as pink frilly death.Definitely recommend if you are looking for a strategy game with different options but only a set time in which to achieve your goal."
,Recommended,251990,30865389,Posted: 31 March,all,Tialoc,"This game is a lot of things, but mostly challenging. It's a great game that takes a whole lot of planning and skill, which is acquired through repeated trial and error.  Do not expect to beat the game on your first few tries is what I mean. The game is great however, amusing cards, story rich plot, loads of choices, and will keep your attention for hours. If you're someone who likes strategy games and won't get mad when your character decides jamming an arrow through her body instead of pulling it out is better, than this game is for you."
,Recommended,251990,25809954,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Expand Dong,"Solid game!!!Hours of replayability, and so, so many things to do. Different ways to go about things, different ways to get several of the achievements, and the all-piano soundtrack is goregeous!I do have to complain about the lack of variation in the graphics and character portraits. Joslyn only has his one portrait, and he's a major character. Also, the backdrops are pretty limited. Some more art would have been nice.Overall, a very charming game! I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251990,25817115,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lupo,"Playing as a ruler is always fantastic, but rather hard."
,Recommended,251990,25955626,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,FluffyBowTie,"This game is so addictive! Everytime I died in it, I was really eager to go back in and try things differently. There are so many paths to choose from. This isn't some ""Make your perfect waifu™"" game. It's an interesting story about royalty, betrayal and magic that is sure to attract adventure game fans!"
76561197970433993,Recommended,251990,27472732,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,テロニマの阿呆,"It is a lot like Dark Souls, you day horribly in thousand different ways and after a while you start to getting better and laugh if you totally fail and day to unexpected things. All this while wearing a cute little dress.Yeah completly like Dark Souls!"
76561197970531820,Recommended,251990,27443966,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Magareboshi,"Live by the sword, die by the chocolate"
,Recommended,251990,27365465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PaperyPip,Holy moly at some of the insanely obscure stuff you can accomplish in this game. I'm frankly amazed how many hours it's sucked away from me.
76561198229232488,Recommended,251990,24762997,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Kr0ger Sell0ut,"-Loads game-Does blind playthrough-Gets shot by arrow-Resets 2 days before said arrow death-Refuses to go-Dies by lack of manners-Spends points in medicine-Dies by an evil Lumen-Restarts game, using a guide-WinsI did it10/10 Would die again"
,Recommended,251990,24780860,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jesse AAA,"I love this game. I've logged tons of hours into it. If games that frustrate you tend to make you stop playing because of difficulty, than this is not the game for you. However, I love the replayability and reinterpretation the particular challenge of this game provides. Finally getting your first victorious playthrough where you finally reach coronation is really satisfying. After that, it's interesting to figure out what you can do differently and learn how some of the decisions you didn't understand the first time around affect the total gameplay. The variety of effects and endings and the ways you can learn how they are all connected intrigue me time and time again. So if you like replayable, short games and something that's a bit of a challenge and mostly story-based, than you'll probably enjoy this. Bonus points if you're a Meg Turney fan, she's cosplayed the main character before."
76561198320403104,Recommended,251990,24803666,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sydney,"Somehow addictive. Despite it's style, it isn't full of what a lot of people hate in anime. Story is interesting and it's fun to explore the different outcomes and achievements. Only thing I didn't like was not knowing how to change a specific outcome or event, or if it could be prevented or changed in the first place."
,Recommended,251990,23431036,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MachoNacho,"With various impactful endings depending on your actions throughout the game, silly dialogue *cough* squid part *cough*, and a simple concept of a princess readying herself to become queen make for a really awesome game that is both addicting and enjoyable. Love the fact that as a princess you have to be both sharp with a sword and your wit, did not expect so much people to be upset with me to kill me so many times.8.0/10."
,Recommended,251990,22662904,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kitten Mittons!!,similar to princess maker! i love it!
,Recommended,251990,22637443,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kami,"Was actually a surprising amount of fun, I took a lot of time exploring the various endings I could find on my own, before eventually hopping over to some guides to finish up. Relatively good value, and a very fun game in general."
,Recommended,251990,22687249,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Vaynero,"Did everything I could to prevent Elodie from dying....Made it so she'd survive being bitten by a snakeMade it so She'd survive a arrow woundbut alas she fell off the roof and broke her neck anyways....Restarted made her survive all that..... she then died from eating chocolates10/10 rage, would die from chocolates again"
76561198054397224,Recommended,251990,22585754,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Simply Sweetness,Great game with a lot of replayability. 7 hours in and I've barely scratched the surface of the story. It took five goes to reach the end of the game.Pros:Lots of story with plots and subplots and subsubplotsKilled a chickenCons:I keep eating the damn chocolate!
,Recommended,251990,22656878,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,A Bum,"The only game I've come back to year after year.  Great to play for an evening on a path you haven't taken before, but don't remember enough from your last play through."
,Recommended,251990,23091958,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SilencerNate,"Great game, got this 50% off on a sale."
76561198302592261,Recommended,251990,23287914,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,thatonegamergirl4,good game even if it is very hard
,Recommended,251990,23279991,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Cirino,Require brains to play this gameDie more than 100 times and cry like a babyLong Live The Queen!
,Recommended,251990,8616267,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,pasquinade,"The player takes on the role of Elodie, fourteen year old princess of Nova, just a year before her coronation. If you survive that long, that is. Anything can and will kill you in this game because no one wants you to be crowned queen!I absolutely love this game because I thrive on visual novels and cute anime girls. If that's your jam: GET THIS GAME! Why don't you already have it?Honestly, I've had so much fun seeing how many different ways Elodie can die that sometimes I forget that the goal is to survive until her coronation. This game is definitely worth the MANY times you will replay it."
76561198041081414,Recommended,251990,8621942,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,MrOtter,"Love it, best princess simulator EVER!!!!"
,Recommended,251990,8622925,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Bratinov,"Every time you play this game you discover something new. While story events are mostly static their outcomes are numerous and interconnected, giving the game excellent replay value. Experimenting and discovering different outcomes and possibilities is very satisfying."
76561198083059891,Recommended,251990,8607574,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,lil pillo,"This is an adorable game. It's artstyle is so cute it's hard to hate. Even still there's a lot of flaws. There's alot of small victories especially with all the acheivements that require alot of thinking and strategy, but often when you achieve these victories they tend to fall flat when you don't see it to your cornination. I love how every little choice matters, and even when you die you can't be too upset because of the adorable artwork."
76561198005372408,Recommended,251990,8615577,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ashadera,"Loved this! There's more to it than it initially seems, and it's fun to see what changes when you decide to have Elodie learn different things. It's easy to figure out what skills you need when after the first or second time you play it, but it's still a lot of fun to see how many of the achievements you can get."
,Recommended,251990,8616030,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Free,Neat.
76561198027733037,Recommended,251990,8434317,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tigerstripe88,"Don't be put off by all the pink! It's a great little game, fun and easy to get into. Quite challenging trying to find all the events but it's pretty fun to fail too."
76561198030762242,Recommended,251990,8633948,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,FirestormMk3,"Long Live the Queen is a surprisingly engrossing visual novel type experience.  With a surprising number of endings and a well-written story I can readily encourage anyone who enjoys visual novels to give this one a try.The game covers the year until our protagonist's coronation ceremony, and while there are many different endings make no mistake, living until that coronation is by no means a guarentee.  With assassins, betrayals by nobility, wars, and duels both magical and non-magical there are many ways to meet an untimley end.  This game even brings with it a more literal meaning to ""death by chocolate.""  Each week you choose two topics to be tutored in, which is how you gain skills in the game.  You will have a bonus or penalty to how much you learn based on your mood plus you'll learn skills you already have many points in more quickly.  Then you'll choose how to spend your weekend which will affect your mood.  Each week there is also an event.  What happens in each event is not only affected by your previous choices, but by your skill levels.  By default you can see the skill checks that the game is making, and it can be rather disheartening to see several failed checks pass by (or sometimes worse, a single one followed by a death), but it gives you some idea what you're missing and helps you plan what you'd like to be able to do differently on later playthroughs.A lot of the intrigue can be a little hard to keep up with, but you can see the effort that went into the game's story with more and more attempts.  Studying up and your history and domestic and foriegn affairs will provide insight in the flavor text of the skill increases, but will also give the protagonist more insight and options in dealing with them.  Quickly it becomes clear that each betrayal, each rebellion, and everyone's feelings about you are actually justified and their characters actually have consistency.  On a first playthrough someone's actions can seem like a cheap plot twist, but only on another attempt do you have the right combination of skills and make the right choices to learn you actually could have seen it coming.And make no mistake, you will play this game several times.  Even should you live to your coronation a single playthrough will only take a few hours, depending on how fast you read.  But there are several times the length of one attempt worth of hidden treasures that are fully worth digging for.Long Live the Queen is a game with heart and genuine emotional involvment.  If you have any interest in the genre you owe it to yourself to give this a try."
,Recommended,251990,8639375,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,clint,you're a princessyou dieyou're a princessyou die againfun for a bit i guess
,Recommended,251990,8643616,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,UnshapedAbyss,"This is a strategy game worth trying! You can sink hours of time into what is a relatively short story in an attempt to keep your sweet, innocent young princess alive long enough to take the crown, but more often than not you'll end up 6 feet under! A quirky, enjoyable mix of strategy and a visual novel appeal with a small but endearing soundtrack, Long Live the Queen has endless hours of replay value for those who like a challenge!"
,Recommended,251990,8649018,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ryder,"Most Manly Game everIn a serious note this game is just pure silly fun. Rasing Stats, making choices like who you want to merry, or have done away with.  Most importently though trying not to die."
,Recommended,251990,8651940,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Zeroth Chicken,"Died by an arrow whilst in a cart, would recommend."
76561197999486388,Recommended,251990,8653490,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Lady Grimm,"Hanako games has produced a delightful little sim that takes all things into consideration. Build a princess...but try not to get too attached to her as she deal with the world of politics, magic, and war. The deceptively simple layout of the game makes it easy to allocate your study time...but doesn't bother telling you what points you need where...so choose wisely.I highly recommend this game to anyone who has a few hours to kill."
76561198077372513,Recommended,251990,7933932,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,IAmTerrible,"While  it may look girly , it is actually a pretty solid game with alot of replay value"
76561198093503807,Recommended,251990,7934413,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Nevarine,"It looks cute and lovely... until you get assassinated, or forced into marriage, or you accidentally cause a civil war, or get brutally murdered by satanic monsters. Really it's very hard to finish and there's hours of replayability due to the hundreds of paths you can take, all with their own plot twists, each contributing to the overall story. A really unique game and worth the price."
,Recommended,251990,11424675,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Kaye-,Long live the Kaye-! Long live the Kaye-!
,Not Recommended,251990,11436181,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Marzanna,"If you want get bored less than in five seconds or you are fan or visual novels, play this game."
76561198024076725,Recommended,251990,11441016,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,m_elders,"Alright, here's how this game works. Every week, you pick two subjects to study (aka, you pick which stats to raise). On the weekends, stuff happens. People talk to you and your stats change what happens, or what choices you have the ability to take. The consequences of days can stack and stack, making each playthrough unique.I can say for certain that this is a great game to play with two players. Each person picks one thing to study each week, and then you collaborate on the big decisions.The first time you play, you will die unexpectedly. That's pretty much inevitable. Once you learn which stats you should be raising, you'll be able to make it further and further, in different directions."
,Recommended,251990,12387767,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Mistwood,"Much deeper and convoluted than expected, but pleasantly so."
,Recommended,251990,12340362,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,lhdlovebooh,"Woke up, went to school, learnt new things, played outside on weekends. Get killed by Horses, Snakes, mobs, family. Repeat after me: I'll be Queen one day."
76561198069446334,Recommended,251990,12354102,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Rat Man,This game is very hard but very addicting. It is a great timewaster for a plane or to fight bordeom
,Recommended,251990,12354278,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,AmstradHero,"Had lesbian relations with my Dad's wife, who is also my sister in law.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,251990,12331229,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Spleen Machine,"When a game's achievement list is literally a long list of ways to die, you know you have a winner on your hands. The writing and scenarios you will find yourself encountering as you navigate the dangerous world of royalty are clever and hilarious, the deaths even more so. How you choose to pursue your education and spend your free time will be a balancing act of preparations for the challenges you will face. Does survival demand you study political intrigue, or warfare? Courtly manners, or powerful magics? Should you try and relax and treat yourself well, or are you better served dwelling on your life?The inclusion of a text skip option makes replaying the game a breeze, motoring through to your next big decision and new direction to take.I can't recommend this game enough, if only for the chance to see how being well versed in falcon training can save a life.Bonus - becoming an expert in a field means new costumes!"
,Recommended,251990,12332775,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Netowakoo,best game on steam atm11/10 become magical girl princess again
,Recommended,251990,12315932,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cryptid_Rabbit,"This game is a lot of fun. Frustrating at times because it is so easy to mess up and die, but fun none the less. I died so many dang times but once you get to the end it's totally worth all the dying! Still haven't figured out all the combos for the different endings but will continue to play until I have fully completed the game!"
76561198046116549,Recommended,251990,12318289,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kuroneko,A really fun and addicitng game.  For everytime i die it just makes me come back with a vengence and i train my princess in a new way ech time hoping for victory.  By the time i had finnaly won i just made elodie a battle crazed tryrant that killed everyone in my path.  10/10
,Recommended,251990,12319265,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,PunchySporkk,"This game is evil.  The art is adorable and fluffy and misleading, but then you play and you die.  Horribly.  Repeatedly.  And you like it."
76561198038779629,Recommended,251990,12321570,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cpt Apathy,"pretty average VN, didn't quite motivate me enough to get every achievement but enjoyable i'd say >£5 and go for it"
,Recommended,251990,12357409,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Corey,"Long Live the Queen is a very fun and slightly difficult game. You play as Elodie, a 14 year old Princess on her way to becoming Queen...if you can live long enough to see your 15th birthday. Truely there are so many helpful guides here on steam, to help you if you get completely stuck, but I think most people would agree if you beat the game yourself the first time it feels so great. There are so many stories in this one game that IDK what one is my favorite. The game had a lot of great rpg feely stats to make it more like you are the soon to be Queen and you will rule your way. You can be bad, You can be Good, You can be boreing, You can do just about anything. Another Upside to the game is the Dating Sim aspect, there are a lot of possible suitors and that means even more endings. Overal I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys story driven RPGs, dating sims, and novelish games."
,Recommended,251990,12359417,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,unexpectedly fun and addictive
,Recommended,251990,13050544,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mavolli,"In all my life I've never been so torn up by something. How can something so seemingly simple be so impossibly difficult? If Ender Wiggin had to play this after the weird space torture games, I have no doubt he would look back fondly on those trying, but relatively easier times. Why the heck do I keep eating poison chocolates?!? I hate everything! It's so humiliating! I wouldn't be so mad if I could make it further in before losing so completely, but I feel like it jams a stick in my back and mops the whole dang world with me.11/10 for pushing me to limits I didn't know I had. This is my everest, my Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. Both have been beaten and I will not rest until I conquer this demon-spawn.Other notes:The music is fun and changes with the mood pretty well.I like the pictures.The story is exciting; normally I don't care, but I really want to find out what happens."
76561198061143220,Recommended,251990,13106904,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lalle,"the game will make you its bit** until you love it. Its kinda like dark souls, except if you die you have to play the entire game all over again with none of the things you learned."
,Recommended,251990,13096096,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Siglamii,"Literally the only downside with this game is that it's almost TOO difficult, which is good, but bad, but a bad good, and a good bad :3Don't Trust the Chocolate..."
,Recommended,251990,13100311,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,kirk?,i leveled up battlefield medicine and the other medicines to 50 and still didnt know that shoving an arrow into my lung would kill me10/10
,Recommended,251990,13084079,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,darksiren,"Best $10 I've spent in a while.For a visual novel, LLTQ has a TON of replay value. It plays a lot like Princess Maker, but a fair bit more dangerous, because you can (and likely will) die before your fledgling queen gets her crown. The different skills Elodie can learn provide a huge number of variables for the game to interact with. There's different ways you can win, but trying one path (excelling at social events) will make it difficult to excel at another (repelling an inevitable invasion) due to the fact you have a limited time to train her.This is definitely a strategic game, but not at all action-oriented. You make choices and read the results, and adjust your choices accordingly, at the next scene or the next play-through. It isn't nearly as random as some of the negative reviewers seem to think, though. Events do happen at more or less predetermined times, either by time of year or in a chronological series, but WHICH events occur are going to depend on Elodie's skills, current mood, and previous actions.If you're ok with point-and-click play, lots of reading and cute anime graphics, then definitely pick up this game. :)"
,Recommended,251990,8292916,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Yoshi★Poshi,Great and cute strategy game! ♥
76561198011515179,Recommended,251990,12996554,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,flyingwind66,"I was a little aprehensive about this game... it was just SO PINK! But I loved Princess Maker and I thought I'd give it a shot... this is a fantastic game!This is a great game for all ages and I think, especially, for young girls... things happen in the world and you are responsible for running your Country whether you choose to directly involve yourself and your people or you choose to stick your head in the sand (bad choice... you will die) and there are different paths you can take to ensure survival.  You can learn to politically savy or a millitary strategist or what have you... and the only person that can get you out of trouble is yourself.  There's no ""prince in shining armor"" to come save you; your character lives or dies by her own cunning.My only gripe is the colour palette... it makes it seem like a ""vapid girly game"" and I found it to have a lot of substance."
,Recommended,251990,13180099,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StokedToast,8.8/10
,Recommended,251990,13186061,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Starlit_Witch,"Even though the game graphics aren't really that extensive, in terms of game play, it's more of a storybook game, and it's absolutely lovely. It's also challenging. I was looking for a game with a monarchy as the center due to some research I'm doing, and this hit the nail on the head; it gives you control of the queen, who's pending to be crowned, and depending on your actions, will be. Actions determine so many things, and whether you can complete some actions, depends entirely on the skills and classes you allow her to take (and the success of said skills depends on her moods, and her moods, in turn, depend on her actions). The complexity of the skills that help each action is brilliant. I've played this game so many times, and it's rarely ever been the same, because I never focus on the same skill twice and, whereas one scene might tell you this based on the fact that you don't have the skill to understand the background information on what's going on, when you do have the skill (next time you play), you get a different outlook on the same scene. Again, a storybook kind of game, but the kind that gives you an outlook on every aspect of the story. I liked it!"
76561198027716374,Recommended,251990,12262458,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kainminter,"Its like taking a Job system from an RPG and mixing it with a short visual novel where your skills and actions make a difference, making it addictive to keep playing over and over. Depending on what you level, the story can play out very differently because of things you can do or things you will notice with your aquired skills.The game is more fun than I expected. Only meant to take a quick look at the game, but ended up playing through it 4 times before I realized it. For some reason it works."
76561198081772445,Recommended,251990,10887122,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[ALL IN] Souhaku,"This game is absolutely amazing, I've played it for 1 hour and a few minutes and I found it really addictive! I'll try to do my best to become queen!All Hail The queen XD"
76561198044997793,Recommended,251990,10887497,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,alexeggs,"I got this game because I saw it on sale and thought, ""Ehhh. It's like $2 and it seems like it will occupy my time for an hour or two."" I didn't actually expect the game to be any fun. It turned out that the game was actually pretty fun. It's really amusing to play through the game as a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and it's fun to play through and try to find the various ways to die. It's a very simple game, but it turned out to actually be a lot of fun. Certainly, I won't be playing this game for hundreds of hours like I do other games, but especially since I got it on sale, it was well worth the price."
76561198019014829,Recommended,251990,10887536,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Varileztra,"I just purchased it, because i hoped for something, that runs on this craptop i gotta use for a few days. Well i ended up with something fun! I have a very living fantasy and can dive deep into stories. But i am going to fast.The gameplay itself is rather...simple... You actually just decided for two classes you wanna take per turn and press done. Then you maybe have to decide for an action to take, RNG rolls a little - chances increased by the classes you took over the game - and then for the ingame weekend you can choose another activity, which will help you to change your mood. The mood again helps you to increase your skills in classes faster.So the gameplay is nothing spectacular.What made it really enjoyable for me is the fact, that i can identify with fictive characters, so i got into the story and i actually even cried a little, when i got myself killed, but also was super happy, when i finally became queen.  Also i felt some satisfaction in burning some peasants to ashes after having skilled my Lumen to the max and they tried to kill me two weeks befor my coronation.I would be very happy, if we could get a game like this in somewhat a Skyrim manner. So that we actually have some gameplay, instead of just having a nice story told.THat said: If you want gameplay, you should back off from a purchase of ""Long Live The Queen"", if you want to ""write"" the story of a little princess trying to survive and failing on this at least once, you should spend a few coins and get it."
,Recommended,251990,10888276,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SonamiGames,"Don't let the art style fool you.  Long Live the Queen is an enjoyable fusion of Dark Souls and a visual novel. After all, what other games combine the ability to be both a ruthless dictator and a magical girl capable of sinking an entire naval armada?None that I know.  What I do know is that you will die.  A lot.  Like by an arrow.  Or a monster.  Or choclate.Especially choclate.11/10 Would eat again."
76561198021761525,Recommended,251990,10888679,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,tristan_win,"I bought this game on sale for 75% off but honestly if I knew it was going to be this good I would have bought it for full price. Now I won’t say it’s without its faults, there are scripted events and if you don’t happen to have the right one or two skills high enough you will die but overall the game does a very good job making you feel you have freedom in your decisions. The problem with this is unless you played the game before you won’t know what twist in the story are coming and how to prepare for them or avoid them all together. No one is going to beat this game in your first try with which I think for how short it is overall is a good thing.If your cost to fun ratio is 2$ a hour then this game is worth it at its current $5.99 price tag as it will take you about 3 hours to beat the game once with one or two deaths if you start over on death. If you keep playing to get all endings and death (which I've yet to do) I'm guessing it would be closer to the 7-10 hours."
,Recommended,251990,10888696,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,myoukei,"I didn't expect to find this sort of game on steam! This is a fantastic visual novel, detailed and rich, there are a lot of moving parts. Trying not to die is a legitimate challenge. You can be given poisioned chocolates one week and atacked at a festival the next. Whatever you do, it's fun to try to think of new ways to go about everything and get farther on your next run. The art isn't bad either.Worth a shot, especially if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,251990,10888763,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shiiro,All I have to say is Long Live The Queen II? This game is awesome and addictive. @_@ It's taken over my life.
76561198035368390,Recommended,251990,10888929,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tomoda,Became an adorable mahou shoujo warlord that drove a magical sword through some guy's face after winning a dance competition and executing my cousins.Can't beat it.
,Recommended,251990,10874182,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mosaic,"Reasons you should buy this game:1. It's kawaii as f---2. You get to be a fabulous princess.3. Magical girl outfits oh my.4. Death by chocolate5. Did I mention it's kawaii?In all seriousness it's a pretty fun game, you train her in different areas such as foreign affairs, court manners, archery etc, which will come in useful later if you plan on staying alive until your coronation.10/10"
,Recommended,251990,10874382,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Allergic To Hooks,"The game looks really girly and all that(I actually rather like it, myself,) but if you like stories, especially the choose your own adventure type, this is a pretty good game.  Its a lot more complicated than I thought it might be, because the skills you have Elodie obtain have a massive effect on the story itself and having just a little too less of something could easily get her killed.  That being said, there are many different ways to get a game over/bad ending.To make it a bit more difficult, the story can also affect Elodie's mood which will affect how quickly she learns different skills, and that can really make or break you.I bought this game at full price and I really do think its worth every penny."
,Recommended,251990,10747321,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,morte,"Bishoujo protagonist, beautiful stylised graphics - SFW Visual Novel with RPG stat growth/boosting elementsHighly dynamic storyline depending on numerous choices, be prepared to die numerous ways :-)(I would say All Ages except for the frequent deaths).Learn and balance the importance of political intrigue against other important court skills,You will not become a magical girl overnight, and you won't win wars if you aren't allied with the right neighbouring nations...Well worth the hours of retrying, and so much replay value!Cosplay gives you stat bonuses, how can you go wrong?(Answer - without a notepad, you can go wrong very easily :-)"
76561197960467187,Recommended,251990,10876210,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TechPriest,"This is an amazing little game.  Manuever Elodie (you) through the perils of Court, War, Rebellion, and Espionage on your way to being crowned Queen.  Survive and you win!  Die in some of the most gruesomely ways possible and see cute death cards that are collectible!   It is quite an enjoyable game and will take many hours from you if you let it!"
,Not Recommended,251990,10877257,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Neph,"The only way to progress is to get to a part where you die, and work on improving that skill for your next play through.  There aren't enough fun, random elements or fair warning that you need to do better with a skill before it's too late.  Didn't like it that much."
76561198139744688,Recommended,251990,10877347,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,argo,"This game is unpredictable, it is not that easy to be a queen. During my first hour, I died 3 times, but it makes me curious and want to play it again. I'm beginning to understand why this game is addictive.If you like decision-making games with anime style then this one is definitely for you. Its addictive, funny, with beautiful visual, you wont regret it."
76561197972339844,Recommended,251990,10877765,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Samsquantch,"At first glance this game can seem kind of boring, but after playing for a bit (and dying a few times) you'll find yourself addicted to the game."
,Recommended,251990,10877882,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hijimiko,What I Played: Long Live The QueenWhat I Expected: Princess Maker 2What I Got: You're Going To Die by R.A Montgomery10/10 Game Tho.
,Recommended,251990,10881327,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,F R Ξ Y,"Really fun visual novel with a large variety of roads to go down. I've completed the game once my focusing on three certain aspects and will probably get around to doing it again, this time trying to unlock different routes. Recommended!"
,Recommended,251990,10881393,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Patathatapon,"Probably the weirdest absorbing experience I've ever had. ""Papers, Please"" made more sense when it came to enjoying it! This game is just all kinds of weird. The game forces you to put points into thing you probably won't even understand your first runs throughs of the game, and you will be murdered in many different ways. The game is mostly visual novel, forcing you to imagine what is happeneing, which I actually enjoy. Imagining what is happening is usually funner than actually seeing it happen, because you can imgaine how terrible (or hilarious) these things are.However, at times the game seems very unfair. The first times you play through it you will be confused, and most likely get killed for a rookie mistake. For me, it drives me to find a way to keep going on, no matter how many times I get killed. It's like FTL, in the sense that you need imagination for it to work well.Personally I enjoyed the game despite it's faults. You try to do your best, and your only warning is failing ""tests"", most of which you won't really have a warning of. My biggest gripe is how the games events remain the same, so you can plan for them better. It makes the game a bit easier once you learn all the tricks. I reccomend this game to anyone who doesn't mind having what is essentially a confused girl simulator.(To me, 5 means average, 0 means Ride to Hell, and 10 means perfect. A 5 is by no means bad, just average.)For those who need scores: 6.5/10It's above average for most interactive visual novels I've seen, and could certainly use the odd improvement to make it more replayable and fun like FTL."
,Recommended,251990,10881776,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kolto-Cola,"In ""Long Live The Queen"" you play as a fourteen-year-old princess. You'll study on the weekdays and then go out and do all sorts of fun and girly activities on the weekends. Activities such as:1. Choking on poisoned chocolate.2. Choking on magical chains.3. Becoming a pincushion for bandit arrows.4. Narrowly escaping assassination, only to bleed to death.5. Sacrificing your cousin to a Kraken.6. Dying to a Kraken.7. Getting blown up by magic.8. Blowing yourself up with magic.9. Cracking your skull and dying.10. Cracking the skulls of anyone who stands in the way of your coronation (which turns out to be almost everyone).Good luck!"
76561198050810239,Recommended,251990,10882436,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Freetrees,This is a lot of fun and very addicting. I loved that you have to go back multiple weeks to correct past mistakes in order to avoid a future death. Save often!
76561198062241368,Recommended,251990,17586370,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ditzy,"Great strategy game, not really a visual novel except in art. Very original type of strategy with twist and turns everywhere you look. There's not loads of visuals, at least there haven't been yet on my side. Even when people are talking to one another, you just stay outside the castle. If you like anime and cute things but also enjoy strategy, this game is for you. If you usually hate strategy games and are looking only for story, this game is not for you.If you don't know what you want, I'd recommend looking up some gameplay videos so you know what you're getting into by buying this."
,Recommended,251990,17586715,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Rider In Red,"This game is really fun, I don't often like Visual Novels because I get bored but this one is very satisfying."
,Recommended,251990,17590507,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,xSYNx REAPER,Very fun tactical game!
,Recommended,251990,17590600,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,RadioKillr182,Despite what it looks like this game is brutal.G.R.R Martin may have wrote this.So unforgiving. I will probably end up dead for the umpteenth time.But the game is great.10/10 would die from poison chocolate again
,Not Recommended,251990,10873115,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,789,"Edit : i decided to change my review,its been a while since i played it, and after i played it again, i really felt that the choices are too limited,and the event to change the mood are also too limited, so in the end, i decided not to recommend this game,if you like being very very limited on choices, then this is the game for you.i decide not to recommend this game, unless you are an MLets Kill the Queen Simulator 2014"
76561198053238424,Recommended,251990,17720047,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,KatStev,"When I bought this game I assumed I would play it for an hour at most, get bored, and then forget about it forever. What I ended up playing surprised me by being both intense and addicting.You may enjoy this game if:+You’re like me. Which means that you’re on the fence until you hear the words: “You can be a wizard”, at which point you immediately decide to buy the game.+You like immersing yourself in a medieval setting with a heavy emphasis on diplomacy and intrigue (I think Elodie can also go to war but I’ve only gotten through the game once, and it was through a combination of magic and diplomacy).+You’re either a skilled strategist (not me) or an unskilled strategist who is undeterred by repeated failure (me).+You enjoy storylines that can have wildly different outcomes based on your choices.I haven’t played Long Live the Queen in a while, but I think about it every now and then. I had a lot of fun with it, and I’ll probably end up doing a few more playthroughs to see what I missed the first (complete, I’m not counting all the times I got poor Elodie killed) time around."
76561198067011440,Recommended,251990,17942827,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sinpai,"Super cute. It's difficult, but that just means you can approach it from so many different angles that it's mostly fresh each time you play it."
76561198203657919,Recommended,251990,17943518,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,alnorton95,"What can I say about Long Live the Queen?Not very much as the title is misleading, you WILL die a lot. I have played this game for over an hour and dying constantly maybe I am just bad at this game. Yet, why do I keep coming back? Maybe its because I really like it.The scenario: Long Live the Queen is a cute deathtrap, one that many people will fall into over and over again. Its about a princess who must graduate to become Queen yet.... other neighboring kingdoms are trying to kill her! You will rage at this game no doubt about it, yet its gameplay is really fun.Pros:Interesting story- why yes it does intrigue me especially with the death traps planted throughout the week.Interesting characters - Everyone might seem charming but you will have to be tactical about it.Gameplay - I may rage about this, but I cant. Its actually fun to play, Rasing up stats and tatics.SAVE POINTS!!! - Thank God for save points, I cannot express this enough.The Artwork- Its really nice.Cons:Dying. However, the fun part to this is to restart at a saved point and not make any mistakes.Quite Long game. Which may be an advantage for some but for me,  no.Overall, I do like this game even though I have been killed many times, its a game that is realistic (sort of) that you wont ever have a nine lives (if you did not save)."
76561197995051730,Recommended,251990,17898285,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sodar,"It's starts adorable, then depressing when you start dying, then frustrating when you try to find the optimal path, and finally quite fulfilling when you get a somewhat good ending (usually with your country in ruins anyway).And then you cut some heads off, murder your aunt,  sacrifice your cousin to a eldrith abomination and turn your maid into a sex slave, and you realize this game is kind of messed up."
,Recommended,251990,17928952,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Lunerlad,OMG THIS GAME SHOULD BE CALLED LONG LIVE THE STRUGGLE!!!!!
,Recommended,251990,18131184,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,fth,Strangely entertaining.
76561198009947707,Recommended,251990,8423012,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bobo the Third,Long Live the Queen!
76561198028296777,Recommended,251990,8423291,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fumetsu Kage,this game is fantastic and i highly recommend it to any stratagist or even casual players as it differes greatly depending on your choices.
76561197970389552,Recommended,251990,8411852,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,A Naked Hobo.,"Suprisingly deep. While there is a ton of different events and branches you can go down, the biggest limiting factor of the game is that they always play out in the same order."
,Recommended,251990,8412414,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grizzdrop,I picked this up this morning before breakfast on a sale. Now after dinner I'm still having trouble turing it off... it's just that addictive!
,Recommended,251990,8412841,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dota2isAbsoluteTrash,"Quit addicting at first, it's like a game of trial and error, or you can just do about anything you want!"
76561198006561486,Recommended,251990,8412979,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cthulhu,"Amusing, but an unforgiving exercise in frustration as well. You will start over. Many times. The developers perhaps put too much weight on the mood system and how it effects skills. Still, it is worth a buy if you find it on sale. If nothing else, all the restarts and variable outcomes of events ensure you'll burn PLENTY of time on this game. If you enjoy it or not however, is up to you."
,Recommended,251990,8414953,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Stupid Fat Cat,Nice to play a graphic novel/sim sort of game available on steam. Change of pace.
,Recommended,251990,8414959,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lunar Witch,"sweet zombie jesus!!!! this is the most frustratingly addictive game ever. it is one of those games where you want to throw something at the computer and you know you should stop but you can't because you feel like the game is out to get you and you need to teach it a lesson. this is a very difficult game for what it is and alot....alot of thinking is required to even make it half way through. all i can say is when i finally beat it...i will be celebrating like it's my f-ing birthday lol.cheers gamers, have fun"
,Recommended,251990,8415714,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,darkwonders,"Ok. I'm going to up the ante on how to enjoy this game.1) Goto preferences and select Hide Feedback.2) Only save when you need to take a break from the game and don't reload when you meet your unfortunate demise.Now you've effectively turned the game into a slight roguelike. The story will progress the exact same way each time, but you will have to pay special attention to the social cues that happen instead of being fed the check system everytime your skills come into play. After my first playthrough, I have done this on each of my times and have enjoyed the story more thoroughly now that I have to read into everything that is said instead of following a checklist.If you pay attention, you can still prepare for consequences that occured in the previous game. Died due to poison? Well it's obvious to boost your poison skills in a future game to  combat that scenario. Some interactions will still cause you to scratch your head, but you're a 14-year-old princess, you can't have all the answers! But you can always order their execution. Rule with no mercy >:D"
,Recommended,251990,8415729,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hooptalk; MHLiberator,"So much fun.Strategical, time-based, magical involvement, character development, lots of death.Don't be fooled by the cute-ish image, it is hilariously dark. And difficult. I've died so much, it's ridiculous DX"
,Recommended,251990,8415741,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,slimabob,10/10 its ok
,Recommended,251990,8417614,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sweet Cancer,A quickly addicting decision making simulator. Lots of easy ways to mess up and die/lose. Feels somewhat akin to the learnings of Ciel Phantomhive.
76561198017751294,Recommended,251990,7934690,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PeanutBuddah,Addicting!
,Recommended,251990,7844203,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,sraela,"This game is fun but can be frustratingly challenging at times, the deaths are adorable as weird as that may sound. The game is mostly a stat booster and can be very unforgiving and will screw you over at any given opportunity, But well worth the money. The game oddly makes you want to beat it more with every death. I would highly recommend it to someone looking for a challenge"
,Recommended,251990,7906390,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,CanadianBacon,Best game ever oooooooohhhh~ love it <3 wish i knew more games like it! 10/10 <33333333333333
,Recommended,251990,7907184,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lost Princess,"i just started play, its fun and i like it, but its a bit... challenging, you never really know what you should teach her next, but thats the fun of it. ^_^"
,Recommended,251990,7914543,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,"Krulin, Internet Tough Guy","Let me first say, if you're not a fan of Visual Novels you will probably not enjoy this. At the very least you have to be ready to play a game where your choices matter, but there is not traditional gameplay like you would have in another genre. This game is for the story and where you decide to steer it. You will also not like this game if you don't like reading. Reading plays a particularily big part of the game as there is no voice acting.The Good: Amazing story that I come to expect from this sort of game. I loved the mood system where the princess' mood influenced how well she was at learning a specific skill. It was a simple system, but complex enough to not feel watered down. The characters were well written and who's toes you step on or don't step on had a big impact in the game.The Bad: I really don't have much bad to say about the game. The only bad things I can come up with apply if you don't like the genre or don't like reading. The only other nitpick I could have with it is length, but it's only 10 dollars so I'd say price to length ratio that I got my money's worth.The Ugly: N/A No outstanding bugs or really bad things to say about it.Summary: Buy this if you like a good story and don't mind reading. That's all there is to it. Thanks for reading and hope you enjoy this game like I did.-Krulin"
76561198022936063,Recommended,251990,7901858,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,darthmalak56,"An interestingly addictive game! Several different choices and just as many possible endings to go with it. This game can easily have you wondering ""where did I go wrong?"""
,Recommended,251990,18638003,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Shion,Goosebumps
,Recommended,251990,10793119,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,vylanantagonist,"If your immediate impression of this game based on the title screen is like my own, you'll dismiss it as some sort of creepy he tai grooming simulator thinly disguised as a game. I never would have learned how wrong I was if I hadn't finally started to hesitantly believe the steady chorus of reviewers characterizing it as a strictly PG (for cartoon violence) Choose Your Own Adventure. Thankfully they were right, and much like the CYOA books I remember, seemingly arbitrary death is always one click or page turn away. Unlike CYOAs, there is a parallel spreadsheet game where very limited points are applied towards a wide variety of seemingly random skills. At times, based on ""mood"", some skills are more costly than others. These skills determine the outcome of many of the choices made for the protagonist. Some checks are visible, while others are hidden, offering entirely new options if certain thresholds are passed. This character development overlay allows for a surprising degree of divergent heroes and outcomes, despite the overall events being essentially fixed from week to week. While there isn't a staggering amount of replay value, players who enjoy trying to find hidden events and multiple endings will find their interests rewarded."
,Recommended,251990,10818835,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rubydoe,"If you loved Princess Maker and have been looking for a fix, this is it."
76561198070223948,Recommended,251990,11019778,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Puffsmcadams,Quirky VN with a lot of complexity. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,251990,11024492,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kepplemarsh,You died.
,Recommended,251990,10963860,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PinkMage,11/10Become a magical girl princess and burn to death anyone who disagrees with your internal or external policies.
,Recommended,251990,10965855,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Emdoo,"Being an incredibly masculine manly man, I must say this game is SO KAWAII DESU!<3"
,Recommended,251990,10966781,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Vert,"I'd have never see myself and this game click together, but this game is very amazing. I'm going to start getting the achievements soon, but yeah... Great Game!"
,Recommended,251990,10967056,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,shadowfalconer,"Long Live the Queenis what's known in some circles as a ""raising sim;"" a sort of life simulation game in the vein of classic franchises like Princess Maker or The Idolmaster.  Basically, you're given charge of a character and go about the process of, well, raising them; selecting the skills (and outfits) for them to take life head-on and see to their success (or failure), witnessing their trials and hardships along the way.You'll be seeing a lot of hardship, too.  Make no mistake: This game ishard.  Elodie will be tested regularly on the skills you decide for her to learn, often at what feels like the most inopportune moment (much like how stuff just seems to pop up out of nowhere on you in real life), and she will fail.  Often.  Fail often and regularly enough, and she will die.  Probably repeatedly.  The challenge of figuring out what combination of skills and activities for your budding would-be Queen to learn in order to navigate the perils of courtly life will have you reloading over and over again, and, if you're anything like me, creating a million different save slots to go back, pore over your selections and try to figure out ifthischoice atthatmoment was what made the difference between royal victory and a messy death.If this sounds frustrating to you, this probably isn't the game for you.If you instead take that sort of thing as a challenge, though, you're going to eat this stuff up, trust me.  Every success Elodie achieves as she nears her coronation will be a real victory for you, as your strategies gradually, painstakingly bear fruit.  And in the end, you will slouch back in your throne, and you will proclaim:it's good to be the Queen."
,Recommended,251990,10967320,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Iv,Very addictive game! I died already 6+ times and I STILL want to play it to find more ways to die :D The game isn't really easy so don't judge it by only looking at the art. The music is nice and doesn't bother when long playing. Strongly recommend!
,Recommended,251990,14303272,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Real Chief of Police,"Welcome to Long Live the Queen, the world's hardest game featuring Princess Elodie, the world's most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ member of the royal family.Upon months of studying field medicine and war she will proceed to shove an arrow into her vital organs.Upon mastery of all things poisonous and harmful to the human body, she will immediately eat a box of poisoned chocolates given to her by a total stranger.And when she finally becomes the world's greatest trader/doctor/general she'll still die to some hocus pocus ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t she neglected to read 'cause she thought it wasn't very important as a queen to know.On top of all this, what she does at the weekend can make her go from suicidal (not much change there) to murderous. Who knew that walking around in a garden would make you a cocky prick or that sitting on a chair makes you suicidal.Thankfully, if she is even slightly happy or angry, she'll refuse to focus on her ♥♥♥♥ing subjects 'cause she's too busy slitting her wrists or fingering herself in front of a mirror.Though who can blame Elodie for seeking out death on a regular basis? On top of her mother dying, she was an armada of neckbeard Nobleman breathing down her neck trying to get their cheeto covered fingers into her panties as well. It's a lot for a 14 year old to take in all at once, but do not fret. You will be able to SHARE her stressing life and experience with her, the joyous feeling of every single decision you make building up into a massive threat that demands your head on a plate , fearing that the mistakes you made last week will be the death of you the next.10/10"
76561197970332665,Recommended,251990,14152461,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,zacharylayne,"This isn't a typical game that I play, but it's surprisingly good. It's worth checking out, particularly if you like story-driven games that are different."
,Recommended,251990,14235327,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Legally Blind,"I do enjoy this game.However it is to short imo,and could possibly do good with an endless mode.One other thing is only after a few failures I was able to come up with one of the easiest ways to beat the game.So yea I reccomend the game,but get it on a sale if you feel $10 isn't worth about 5 hours of gameplay."
76561198021837454,Recommended,251990,14237630,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"Elodie the Butcher. Tears apart bandits, wins wars...... gets killed by chocolate."
76561198001530298,Recommended,251990,14320057,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,spook,"I don't feel like this game get's the attention it deserves, because all of the attention would still be insufficient. Murdering the main has never been cuter. 10/10, would drown self again."
,Recommended,251990,14321467,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mokou: Good Morning! ~Miao~,This is essentially the dark souls of visual novels.
,Recommended,251990,14402107,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kyouma,i give a dog a chocolate filled with poison to save my self.10/10
,Recommended,251990,15231602,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MadOtaku,"great yet challening game to play, it will leave you wanting to keep playing untill she doesnt die i physicly just spent a whole 24 hrs doing this ( with socializing interfearing of cuorse) but still i can just even with this game, highly recomend if you like brain teasers and long hpurs of yeling at a npc to shut up, Rate 9.5/10"
,Recommended,251990,15231630,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cindykins,"The plot is interesting, but pretty random. It's so easy to die it's ridiculous. But I still recommend this game since it's so unpredictable it's fun."
76561198089528349,Recommended,251990,15233103,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ubersupersloth,It's a little girly in its aesthetics but it's actually kinda fun.
,Recommended,251990,17489753,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Shanye West,When you play the game of thrones you either win or you die.
,Recommended,251990,9493286,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,♥Aorta,Ever want to see a princess get horribly murdered over and over in increasingly terrible ways? This is your game.
76561198006986577,Recommended,251990,17541868,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,"I can't stand visual novels, and this is far from that.  You're going to become a queen and you have to make sure you live to see it.  Tons of skills to train in(and moods that affect how well), with a neat story that changes based on the choices you make.  There are tons of endings and deaths, with cool things to explore.  It's a very challenging game as I've beat it once, and that was with saving and reloading at different points.  Lots of replay value."
76561198003436042,Recommended,251990,17546686,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,META,I bought it as a joke because I thought it looked ridiculous.I freaking love this game.  It's so entertaining and addicting.Thank you for such a great game!
,Recommended,251990,16496119,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,(Shiny)Orane,"Definitely one of the best things about this game is its very high replayability, as unless you scrupulously do every single thing the same, you'll definitely end up with a different playthrough. There are lots of different achievements and ways to go through the story, so it's really interesting!The art style might be a little bit too ~cute~ for some, but I've enjoyed it! Every character looks different and nice, so it's a pleasure for the eyes c: (also you can pretty much become a magical girl, hell yes)"
,Recommended,251990,16497270,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Reni ♥,kya! <3
,Recommended,251990,10906046,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Suohiisi,"I love this game on so many levels!Sure, when you play the game multiple times the story can be a bit repeative,but if you train completely different skills on each game play, you get enoug variety to hold your interest. I've played the game through for three times (I've gotten 2 same ending because I was an idiot), and I still want to try different skill combinations!If you think that you can survive alive till coronation on the first play, you will realize how many obstacles you've got ahead of you!So far the funniest thing in the game is searching the different ways to die.This game is perfect for passing the time."
,Recommended,251990,14211796,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Menime,"This game is a masterpiece! This game has so many good qualities about that I would recommend this for a large portion of people. It has a large amount of strategy-rpg elements in it that all matter later on (sadly I cannot be an evil dictator or I will be killed or inprisoned :D) It also has a anime graphic novel feeling going on and a pretty great story to it. I may only have 2 hours on this game but I plan to play more so far I have died 3 times and won once. I only won so easily because I wanted to experience the full story before writing this review. Now I did find one problem with this game after playing it...there is only one solid way to win whereas I would perfer if there were multiple victory types but as I know there is only one super difficult, every detail counts, way to win the way I followed I will update if I find any other way to win fully. I wish this company luck in the future and I hope they add more ways to win in any new games they create in this fasion. Please make more Strategy-RPG story based games you guys are AMAZING!"
76561198082380106,Recommended,251990,14055853,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,AutomatiC#|EDshotMachine,Though the story is too linear. But evrything else is just perfect.
76561198041591832,Recommended,251990,14214265,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Aaron123494,"(Spoilers)This game reminds me that no matter what choices I make, in the end I will fail at every decision I make and I will end up killing myself with an arrow.But seriously this game is good and if you’re a fan of visual novels you should get this game."
76561198025465580,Recommended,251990,14167140,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,jezebelthenun,"On the surface, Long Live The Queen is about princesses and pink hair and paper doll mechanics, but once you begin Elodie's journey, all of the simplicity and cutesy VN regularities fall away, and you're left with an engaging, action packed, emotional experience brimming with possibilities, humor, and depth.  Your choices shape your fate, and the school/home interface is a brilliant way to bring about new aspects of the story.Overall, this has been my favorite VN to date, and I still haven't unlocked every possible outcome.  A+++  Steam needs more games like this one!"
,Recommended,251990,14173033,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,YoyoPro,Interesting game. Can get a bit tedious and repetitive with having to restart if you die but all the different options and choices are nice.
76561198042997868,Recommended,251990,14161133,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dentolux,"Exotic trips to Africa for a spot of elephant hunting. Lavish parties were the dress code includes Nazi uniforms. At first glance the life of royalty is an easy one. Having recently played Hanako Games’ Long Live the Queen, I have however acquired some newfound respect for the monarchy. If this title is to be believed wearing a crown on your head is a perilous existence fraught with danger.Long Live the Queen stars fourteen-year-old Princess Elodie who is set to become the Novan Empire’s queen, in forty weeks time, after the passing of her mother. Players need to ensure that Elodie survives long enough to reach the coronation date, which is easier said than done because EloDIE lives up to her name. With foreign nations threatening war, assassins waiting for the right moment to poison your candy and rival aristocrats plotting to usurp the throne it is safe to say that Elodie’s existence is as fragile as that of an Xbox 360 whose warranty has just expired.A good chunk of the game revolves around picking Elodie’s weekly curriculum of studies. The classes you choose for her to attend will raise her proficiency in said field, which will determine her success or failure during key story events. If you aspire for Elodie to be a diplomatic ruler you could for example get her to study up on flattery, public speaking and composure. If you are the warlord type who prefers using force you could however get Elodie to learn military strategy, offensive magic and the use of weapons. How quickly Elodie learns a subject is dependent on her mood, which can be tweaked by selecting what she does over a weekend. Playing with her toys for example makes her more cheerful whilst forcing her to visit the castle’s tombs will make her feel afraid.Gameplay wise Long Live the Queen feels like a visual novel. As the nation’s leader you’ll routinely be asked to make decisions on matters such as the kingdom’s tax rate, foreign affairs and how to punish criminals who are brought to the court’s attention. It’s fun seeing the consequences of your actions, although be wary of what you pick to do as one wrong move can signal a swift game over. Challenging a rude upstart to a duel will end in tears if your sword skill is low for example. Even something as innocent as choosing to attend a friend’s ball can turn sour should bandits ambush your carriage during the commute to the party. See, it’s things like that that discourage me from ever leaving the house.My rating for Long Live the Queen would be three stars out of five. I had fun playing through the story as it is unlike most games on the market. I would best describe it as a simpler version of the Princess Maker games, which most Western players are unlikely to have sampled given that the franchise has not been released outside of Japan. Speaking of Japan the game’s visuals feel like they are emulating an anime with Elodie sporting bright pink hair and a magical girl outfit that wouldn’t look out of place in Sailor Moon. The artwork on show isn’t spectacular, but it gets the job done and looks more polished than some of the other titles in the Hanako Games library.Despite enjoying the game I cannot give it a higher score as the story is fairly linear with your choices not having a huge impact on where the narrative goes. The game is also fairly short and can be bested in just under an hour (although you’ll probably need multiple playthroughs to suss out how to avoid dying via a process of trial and error.) Still there is some replay value to be had, as there are multiple endings to unlock along with achievements to earn, which will encourage players to explore all of the game’s content. Not bad for an indie title that costs around eight quid. Given that it’s available to purchase on Steam you might even be able to pick it up for cheaper if you are fortunate enough to catch it during their generous sales.Originally published athttp://theotakujudge.com/"
76561198027956464,Recommended,251990,14175307,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,J.,"The best girl is Elodie, in the Lumen outfit."
76561198043438907,Recommended,251990,14019698,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rainhawk,"Never have I played a more frustrating and intriging game. You would think it becomes easier after you play a couple times and you know what will kill you, but if you don't have the proper skills during that play through you may miss it and end up dying because of it. I haven't made it past week 36 yet and something tells me it may take a while."
,Recommended,251990,11815229,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Zeltheo,11/10 Game of the Year.
,Recommended,251990,11828884,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,António de Oliveira Salazar,"UMG Y I DIE SO MUCHYou never become good until like 25 hours when you know what to do+ even if you prevent it, YOU DIE ANYWAY"
,Recommended,251990,7683650,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Domi,"The game plays like a Visual Novel; Your objective is to reign your country by making decisions which may or may not bring you rewards. You need to skill up in order to overcome the daily hardships in a life of a young queen-to-be.The BGM is really fitting and also it is surprisingly well done, given that the game is not long at all. I played this through once in a few hours. However, there are a lot of achievements to be captured, which may be really time consuming.Chances are that you won't beat it in one go; You need to strategically choose your skills and you need to prepare for every occurances that may encounter you, or you will reach a dead end forcing you to backtrack and overthink your actions.The game is not long if you are not going for achievements, thus the price may be a bit high. But I think for players who like Strategic Visual Novels this should be a small price to pay.This is definately a must-get when steam has it on sale, though :3"
76561198044030070,Recommended,251990,11824398,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Miss_Bee,"Long live the Queen is a brutal and addictive strategy game. You will die...frequently, but the level of cuteness and humor softens the blow and you end up coming back to the game again and again to try out a new strategy. I highly recommend getting this game if you like strategy games with quirky stories. I also recommend taking notes the first time you play through it."
,Recommended,251990,12874084,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,CastroDeGuahan,"Personally, I like games that give choices (simple or complicated) that help factor in the player's ending, and Long Live The Queen is one of them.I've had the game for almost 3 months now and still haven't finished it. Mostly 'cause I've stopped playin' every now and then so I can give myself a break from havin' to think of how to play the game (something that most games don't allow me to do 'cause they're not interestin' enough nor require brain power like that).Plus, I like that the game has an innocent look to it, yet can get brutal if need be. A very decievin' but true appearance.It's a game a person can get back into if one does like experimentin' and openin' (or closin') certain opportunities and choices. A little bonus is if you like havin' choices on who to marry.If you find the information I've listed appealin', this game is for you."
76561198060143353,Recommended,251990,12193850,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,finnwaffle96,"Ah, what an exciting day to be a princess!Oh hello there family!Oh wonderful, somone got me chocolates!WaitElodien o11/10 Would princess again"
76561198021646103,Recommended,251990,12880496,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Kytte,Excellent
,Recommended,251990,12883220,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Neferentium,"I have died so many times, and in so many ways.I keep going back for more...I still can't believe I unleashed a monster. Damnit. And it was going so well, too...10/10, still playing. Going to avoid that monster this time."
,Recommended,251990,12670787,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Fae,"Funny, sarcastic, and just plain brilliant plus loads of replayability. Definitely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,251990,10864274,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tonio,"This is a cute game. You can choose what to train; dancing, history, swords.. What you train can make you a queen.. or most likely kill you. The information and choices you get depends on what you've studied, but after playing a couple of times you might get a bit bored as the story remains mostly the same.It's funny the way you can die, and it is a pretty game.If you don't mind just choosing some alternatives and getting told a game, and if you don't mind being a princess, I reccomend this game to you! :)"
,Recommended,251990,12824559,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,rednekomimi,a fun game if you like visual novels with a twist. every choice you make is life and death. TIP: try taking advantage of multiple saves.
76561198011399329,Recommended,251990,12813477,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Quiche,I feel very pretty playing this game =^_^=
76561198091551735,Recommended,251990,12838875,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Liandra,"Don't be fooled by the cutesy pink frills and ribbons. This is a text-based MURDER game, in which you either choose to kill or be killed. That guy just chucked a gauntlet at you? BLAST HIM WITH MAGIC. You just got sent chocolates? LOL HOPE THE MAID EATS THEM FIRST. Everyone but your (fairly useless) dad is probably going to attempt to kill you because you're about to be the Queen. Study everything. Everything is very important.Don't expect to SEE anything ugly - all the murders are carried out via text and your deaths all come via adorable doilies. But never fear - your deaths and theirs get ever more gruesome and twisted. It's a Game of Thrones, and you're next on the chopping block."
76561198014297322,Recommended,251990,27388889,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MonjiSlayer,"With one part time management, one part risk assessment, and one part visual novel, ""Long Live the Queen"" is like none other. You have forty weeks to prove you are worthy of the throne, but your friends, your family, your political enemies, and the world at large want you dead, and trust me: They'll get what they want.Each week you pick two classes. Examples include world history, accounting, archery, horses, flattery, divination, and more. Lots more. What's that? You're depressed? Then you get bonuses in some areas (animal handling and expression) and a penalty in others (royal demeanor, conversation, and athletics). You have to manage your mood to learn the skills to keep yourself alive and guide your country to a bright new future.You can: get killed by arrows, drown, get poisoned, get run through with a sword, choked by magical chains, pulverized by a sorcerer's magic, get strangled by tentacles, and much more! Send a friend to die in a magic forest! Execute your dad and become an evil minion! Build a hospital, put down a civil war!Easy to learn and difficult to master, ""Long Live the Queen"" is a fantastic experience and great fun. It's slow and relaxing, though you may find yourself outraged at your own inevitable failure."
,Recommended,251990,26812277,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ElderLayton,"It's like Princess Maker 2, but with more poisoned chocolates."
,Recommended,251990,26741563,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lux Is Best,"10/10, would die to arrow on way to friends birthday party again."
76561198031722699,Recommended,251990,27858787,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,slightlycracked21,"The subject matter isn't my normal style, but the strategy is awesome!"
76561198077243984,Recommended,251990,27586283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akuma Ookami,9/10 would die again!
,Recommended,251990,16357136,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pizzaman,ロリ版All You Need Is Kill
,Recommended,251990,16334165,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Noire,Impressed friend by almost making it to the end without dying on my first try. 10/10 would play again. Plus the main character is so Kawaii. xD
,Recommended,251990,16364295,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,⚡⚡ Damon ⚡⚡,Harder than dark souls
76561198041940767,Recommended,251990,16364558,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Vro,Ate chocolate and died. Ign confirms 10/10
76561198121291074,Recommended,251990,16365830,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Moontaz96,10 out of 10 was eaten by the craken
,Recommended,251990,16368390,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Doctor Dorito,I like this game. I really do. But you die alot. ALOT!
,Recommended,251990,16368454,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Last_Domino,"""I'M BEAUTIFUUUUUUULLLLLLLL""-SipsSnazzy costumes, failing tests and becoming the admiral of the navy."
,Recommended,251990,16379536,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mr. Funnychips,卐 HEIL ELODIE! 卐Long live the fuhrer/10
,Recommended,251990,16327780,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SpazmanianDevil,"This game is essentially a ""how will you die"" bloodbath. It's super hard to not end up dying in one of the multiple ways provided. When you do manage to finish alive in one of the multiple ways, you feel very triumphant because you have probably tried to do that for hours and hours.The thing I love most about this game is that I don't have to level up all of the lessons provided in order to progress the story and depending on how I play my strategy, the story changes to accomodate. It's refreshing to know there are multiple ways to go about things so though I'm guess which combination works and which don't, I'm not getting my knickers in a twist trying to find the one, true way.If this game wasn't so damn fun, I would rage quit and never play it again. But I love it so much. Also, I want the sound track. It's super pretty. :)"
,Recommended,251990,10905659,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sojha,"Do not lie back and think of England, that will get you killed. Instead max military strategy and Lumen skills, dominate the battle field, murder anyone that stands in your way."
76561198118843658,Recommended,251990,16413742,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Coca Cola God,Lesson Learned:Don't go to your friend's birthday party or you'll get shot in the side!
76561198087735662,Recommended,251990,16427427,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,EvilRick,Good game with so many ways to build your dream queen without letting her die. At least she died happy eating chocolate.
,Recommended,251990,10507435,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Konrad Curze,"Very funny, will also cause you to rage"
76561198135909646,Recommended,251990,10510399,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,66Kittens,it's both adorable and interesting to play it was a little difficult at first but it's worth the effort you put into it for the different stories
,Recommended,251990,13212864,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,6 Million Dollar man,"A lovely text based adventure that has some grim comedy to it, and a bit of story exploration that will keep you on your toes with how best to beat it (unless you use a guide, of course)."
,Recommended,251990,13235123,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Simbo~ skinhub.com,Staying alive in this game is harder than in dark souls.
,Recommended,251990,13235414,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Gurren-Logout,"I figured out wat the owl ment, but got killed on the way to a Birthday party. 7.8/10 too muc chocolate."
,Not Recommended,251990,13198923,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mimic,"After playing this game over a couple times and finally beating it, thanks to a guide on the discussions section, I've come to realize that a lot of your skills don't really matter in this game. There are certain scripted situations of the story that require you to have a certain skill at a certain level, otherwise, you're forced automatically into a bad end.SPOILERS AHEADNear the end of the game, you are rather randomly attacked by another kingdom. Being a person who maxed out the Military branch, I assumed I'd have to pass a few military skill checks and I'd come out victorious. This is not the case. When the enemy king/duke/whatever reaches your castle, you either need to be good with your Lumen abilities (I neglected it entirely and its entirely possible to kill or imprison the person willing to help early in the game, botching your chances at winning) or have a good singing skill and have to pass another skill check afterward. With nearly all choices that are non-lumen, you pretty much end up dying.This makes your skill choices seem very narrow and selective on other playthroughs of the game. In the end, your skills don't really matter and you don't really get enough time to develop the ones that would help you pass a lot of the skill checks in the game.Skills aside, the game is pretty fun. I turned my character into a angry warmonger (only for her to die in the spoiler scenario above) that crushed a rebellion. The art design of the characters, save for the main character seem to be a little mediocre and just creepy at times. (The king's mouth reminds me of the ""That makes me moist"" old lady meme.) The lore and characters of the game are pretty forgettable, save for a couple recurring characters (notably the main character), as they thrust the names of random kingdoms and people you have yet to meet (if even meet at all) with lengthy titles at you from the very start. Being married or single in the game doesn't really matter, and doesn't seem to really affect the game much, if at all. It has the potential to be a really good game, but in my opion, it doesn't quite make it and ultimately left me feeling unsatisfied.Bottom Line:Do I suggest you buy this game? Unfortunately, no. It has a lot of potential, but in the end, it falls flat of my expectations for such a game.For those of you who want a simple pros and cons list of this game from my personal opinion, here it is:PROSA lot of skills to develop.Its fun trying to get the main character in the right mood to develop select skills faster.Its satisfying when you DO pass a skill check during the story and it influences it a bit.Unlocking costumes for each skill set is interesting.The main character is super kawaii desu-desu.The ""morning"" classes remind me of a portion the Totino's commercial by Tim and Eric:http://youtu.be/2lPX5b9m7ro?t=2m18sCONSA lot of skills to develop and not enough time to fully develop the majority of them.Forgettable characters and kingdom names/lore.Linear story the requires certain skills developed otherwise unavoidable dead end.Choices in skill outside story-related skill checks don't really matter.Somewhat mediocre-feeling character art design.Lumen is important to story, yet can be easily overlooked due to choices at the start of the game.Doesn't fulfill its potential.Not enough tentacle monsters."
76561198135728089,Recommended,251990,13268530,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TheSnufflingPug,very interesting game to play
76561198261937738,Recommended,251990,19327674,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,QueenEesh,"I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this game. I died several times before I was finally crowned, but it was far from frustrating because I could tell there were tons of different branches of the story to explore. I'm sure I've got many more colorful deaths to experience before I'm through."
76561198128986597,Recommended,251990,19812654,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pokira,"I really enjoyed the game. It was fun trying to win at first, but then, after I won, there wasn't much replay value. That was until I realized that I could try and make her die in specific ways. Then, I spent a good bit of time tryingto kill her in specific ways just to see what the ending text says."
76561198032164671,Recommended,251990,19893760,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,panzerkavilier,"So now I know what it feels like to be a 14 year old girl, that is the sole surviving heir to a small kingdom in Crusader Kings II must feel like....10/10, would (will) be violently assasinated again!"
,Recommended,251990,7853429,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Iraelithe,"Because I know all of you want to spend hours working on a play through, only to have that work ripped out of your hands by one poor choice, forcing you to start all over again."
76561198035335656,Recommended,251990,8407103,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,qwan3356,This game is pretty fun to play. so many ways to die. Have to really calculate your decisions carefully so you don't meet an untimely death. (happens quite often.)
,Recommended,251990,8409825,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Ringleader,This is AMAZING.  I hope I ever live to see my 14th birthday.
,Recommended,251990,8409918,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lacksadaisical,Strangely addictive and devilish good fun :D
,Recommended,251990,8402095,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,radixius,"This game is danged hard, guys.  But really worth a pick up.  It's basically a visual novel type game based on the old Princess Maker games that Gainax made back in the 90s, with branching plots based on your character's skillset and mood.  Getting anywhere substantial takes considerable planning.You will die."
76561198015593653,Recommended,251990,8402937,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,OG Sw!fty,I was very suprised with this game. What seemed like 1-go game with kinda girly graphics turned out to be briliant strategic game with high level of addiction. Good game!
76561198007953694,Recommended,251990,8403381,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dfrculoid,"I am really enjoying this game, even if i am really bad at it. You can spend your time studying from a broad range of subjects to help you rule the country and secure your crown. However you need to replay a lot to figure out the best order to do it in as some skills will be used in the first 2 minutes and others won't be seen until an hour in when it is suddenly required to avoid an untimely death."
,Recommended,251990,23009111,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kilometers,This game is fun. It will take a little while to get used to but it's very complex and full for it's price. There are many ways to die and you don't know what skills may save your life. It's a very satisfying game experiance.
,Recommended,251990,22921628,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,hnffwim,"Oh man, I kissed that Elath boy. Welp, he is a lot better than those old farts.I guess it makes me a lolicon, HAAA!"
,Recommended,251990,22819400,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lepi,"A ton of fun, I loved all the clever ways you could die."
,Recommended,251990,23328076,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mercyplays,Absolutely lovely game. Challenging? Yes. Fun? Yes. Sad at times? Yes. Funny at times? Yes.  Should you play it? YES.
,Recommended,251990,23130512,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Atomlab,I am so powerful I will vaporize you with my magic!I fall in water and die because I never learned how to swim...
,Recommended,251990,23174366,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Vanilla Salt,"Long live the queen  is a super simple but eccentric, Visual  novel  about a princess who is going to turn the legal adult age in a few weeks. Within  these weeks, you could make mistakes that could either take your life, or take your life10/10 would have died 9mil times again"
,Recommended,251990,23262948,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mr. Pootin,"Like Call of Duty, but with teenage princesses."
76561198180091515,Recommended,251990,23219464,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ArmouredScarlet,I love this game warning seriously addictive!
76561198146878803,Recommended,251990,23186977,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,lovelyfma,"Haha this game, ah little Elodie is just really cute. You are a little princess trying to grow up to become the queen of her own country. Your job is to make sure that Elodie takes the classes that will be able to make sure she gets there which is definatly not as easy as it sounds. There are a looooot of problems that you have no idea are in place. Soo good luck, and long live the queen."
76561198260594669,Recommended,251990,23244716,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BlueCrystalFire,"I only got this game because the developer of another game I like found some inspiration from it. I was very apprehensive, thinking it was a bit too ""cutesy"" for my tastes. It blew away all of my expectations. It is a very immersive strategy game with a complex storyline. I'd recommend giving this game a chance."
76561198032678577,Recommended,251990,23334652,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,LilDinky,Dying has never been so entretaining!
76561197971569035,Recommended,251990,22769437,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sentenza,"Restored order in the realm with sword and blood, executed all rebels, saved country from civil war. I AM THE QUEEN! - Died by chocolate 10\10 would die again."
,Recommended,251990,22670046,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,NovaNebula,"thank god for the save button when it comes to this type of games or i would have been sent to anger- management.man being a queen is hard work ! this game is worth the money it has a crazy playtime and replay joy,in this game you must be prepared  for anything can happen, bad things will come over you like a wave and are you unprepared it will be your doom.this game will make you cry of joy over completing the game  .its a beautiful game ;)but i really wish there was more after you win it. but cant get it all ."
76561198201272354,Recommended,251990,22920128,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,purplelotus,"This is pretty fun it's addicting always trying to do something different to see what works, sometimes it can lead to the same outcome. For some trial and error is frustrating and if you're like that this game probably won't be as enjoyable for you but if you like the challenge of almost blindly working out a strategy to change things bit by bit then you should definitely give it a chance.I however should point out I'm terrible at this game, but it's fun anyways."
76561198054340463,Recommended,251990,22987171,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,JazzCoconut,"LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!!!!!How do I elaborate on that? Well, it's a visual novel, but it's a challenge, and it's an adventure, and it's a great story. You end up playing a ton until you get all the endings (...and deaths). And it's not just for girls, it holds appeal for anyone."
,Recommended,251990,22281230,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,sugarbunnylet,"Fun game to play, I beat it in an average time and in one sitting.. I wish it could get expanded or something, cause it was a neat idea. Beautiful anime style art. Made me laugh. Bought on sale."
76561198137297052,Recommended,251990,22260092,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,shawnheatherly1,"In Long Live the Queen, you will die often. Usually for reasons you didn't expect. Train to be good with weapons, and you'll eat a box of poisoned chocolate because you never learned that the trade company who supposedly delivered it doesn't exist. Learn the secrets of magic, and you'll drown because you never learned to swim. Despite all this, every loss teaches you more about the game. Slowly learning more about how usefull each skill is and what you can afford to ignore is fun. Surviving to the end is a rewarding experience. I've had so much fun trying different tactics, I'm not even bothered when I fail because you're probably going to find many unique deaths. If any of this sounds like fun to you, I can't recommend this enough."
76561198203615240,Recommended,251990,22310897,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,luckylavender,"This game is incredibly difficult until you get the hang of it, but regardless of how frequently I died, it's one of my favorite games because of how fun and interesting it is."
76561198140162650,Recommended,251990,22271306,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,elhicks,"8/10An interesting raising sim, where you will die.  Interesting enough to merit the several playthroughs needed to see all the content."
76561198062434812,Recommended,251990,22292327,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,sid2tiger6,Awesome but difficult game. Multiple endings and stat raising means a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,251990,22173670,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BuddhaTheBouncer,"Its a short but fun game.Its all about building stats and facing up against skill checks.You'll have to make a save file every two turns and save scum in order to get the results you want.If you get killed by eating the chocolate, load a save 4 weeks back and level up your poison skillif you get killed by an arrrow wound, load a save and level up reflexes or battlefield medicine.If you get killed by a tryant coming for you, well... you're gonna have to load back a couple of saves, that ones hardThe point is, you're gonna be playing a game thats literally all skill checks and stat boosting.If that sounds fun to you, its your game.If it doesnt sound fun, still just buy it and refund it after an hour."
76561198042664470,Recommended,251990,22170950,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Replica,"One of my absolute favorite games, Long Live The Queen is a game you can play over and over again. There are numerous endings to unlock with multiple paths set out for you to take in the game. The classroom portion of the game along with your skill list might seem confusing at first but trust me, it's easy to get the hang of it very quickly. I think some people might be turned off by the look of the game, it does look like a Japanese dating sim game for girls. Trust me, it isn't anything like those games although there are paths where you can fall in love (however even these paths focus more on your skills and staying alive rather than the romance). It took me many many tries to actually finish the game without dying (on the plus side I did get quite a few of the death achievements unlocked) and then I kept going to get different endings. I adore this game and for its actually pretty cheap price I highly suggest you pick it up."
76561198081996151,Recommended,251990,22153315,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,urban_the_xth,Super fun game with tons of replay ability!
76561198083920683,Recommended,251990,22103708,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Cult ⛩ Alive,I get to be an anime princess 10/10
76561197963133808,Recommended,251990,22186786,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,smallest child,"First off, let me begin by saying that there are worse games for the same price; which in a sense should say enough about wether or not it is worth buying.Putting that behind, the game itself:Being a trial and error game it does deliver in the sense that, unless you just get ridiculously lucky, you will need a decent amount of time to complete it and for a ""completionist"" you will be looking at quite a few hours of gameplay considering the price.The story itself is decent, which is enough considering the focus of the game, but if you are looking for something (storywise) deeper or meaningful you are in the wrong place.Apart from nitpicking there are very few aspects to the game I personally found subpar: The amount of choices and decisions vs. consquence is well enough thought through, making the game interesting and captivating enough for one to go at it until getting a desirable conclusion.As a whole, Long live the queen offers an exciting and thorough experience for its price giving it a well deserved recommendation from me."
76561198119800136,Recommended,251990,22186900,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Freddo Spurdo,omfg so good
,Recommended,251990,21916090,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sikaran,Teach Sansa Stark how to become Tywin Lannister.
76561198031754497,Recommended,251990,21934803,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,"Very creative, a little 2-dimensional in the nature of the unfolding story, but still rather entertaining in it's story elements and choices. A simple choose-your-own-adventure game of silliness."
,Recommended,251990,10789291,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Toss,"This is amazing! I really love the story lines you can go through. Every time you play it, it's a new experience! :D"
,Recommended,251990,25241066,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Covah,"You're not supposed to win, you're supposed to die, over, and over, and over, and over again. It's totally worth it too! Long Live the Queen is a fun story game with quick restart and replay. The only question I had was how young her father looks, he looks her age. I know it's the game style, but I just found it amusing.Totally worth purchasing if you're into story games where you get killed in the most creative ways."
,Recommended,251990,20171836,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Shay Soraya,"A little frustrating at times, but incredibly addicting and amusing. It's fun fumbling through the trials and seeing your various successes and your (overwhelming) failures--not to mention bemoaning your death as you frantically attempt to survive to see another test.Overall, a wonderful experience that is quite unique and consuming."
,Recommended,251990,20188230,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Yggdrasiln,Does dying almost every playthrough not put you off of a game?Did you enjoy stat rasing classics like Princess Maker?Have you ever wanted to live out your dream of being an anime princess magical girl?If so this game is for you.
76561198063632849,Recommended,251990,20228379,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rozaria,"A really good VN style game that may appear childish but don't let if fool you. Lots of ways to forge the princess into any kind of future queen you want, lots of ways to fail and die horribly too.Long live the Queen! Unless she dies of chocolate poisoning or something.learntoswim/10"
76561198155520557,Recommended,251990,19836253,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,brandaleen13,"I love this game, I played it over and over and always with a different ending.  It reminds me a lot of Cute Knight from Big Fish Games, only this one is much more complex and better."
,Recommended,251990,19859229,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✦f σ χ у ʕ•́ᴥ•̀ʔ,10/10 would die again
76561198047696463,Recommended,251990,19872426,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tevaga,"Super cute, even when killing your poor princess. I look forward to seeing what the developer brings out next!(I wanted my princess to dance her way to the top. So I made her afraid. +15 to dance!~)"
,Recommended,251990,19859921,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tali'Zorah vas Nerd,"Don't let the cutesy look fool you, this game will make you hate your life like no other"
76561198117109611,Recommended,251990,19864211,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fufufufu,Cousin died from poisonous snake because I didn't have enough composure as I was too depressed to study it.10/10
76561198055626840,Recommended,251990,20216556,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Neostardust,I was quite surprised by this game. I ended up enjoying this game far more than I had anticipated. Figuring out all the different courses you have to take to guide the Princess through the year leading up to her corrination as a the queen can be quite a puzzle.
,Recommended,251990,20201224,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,grigoriprime,"Simultaneously brilliant and addictive yet annoying and unpredictible.I really like this game but it's a bit frustrating. The almost roguelike trial and error approach makes for interesting and occasionally fantastic gameplay but the amount of time it takes for consequences to become apparent and the seemingly random nature of what is required to deal with challenges blurs the line between skill and pure guesswork, not always to the game's benefit.Overall, I am glad I bought this game and imagine it will be one that I come back to regularly, though not for extended periods at a time. An incredible and unique take on a usually generic and predictible genre, this is one worth playing for sure. Just be prepared for a combination of both the ""damn, if only I'd focused on different skills I wouldn't have been brutally murdered! Time to try again!"" type of frustration AND the ""ok this is just annoying, why the hell didn't I save?! Screw it, I'm playing something else"" type.Well worth buying on sale and worth the full price if you've done your homework and know what you're getting into."
,Recommended,251990,20855544,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Don't,"Long Live The Queen is a surprisingly fun, if difficult game. You can win in a wide variety of ways but you really have to be careful. If statistics, timetables, and a willingness to fail repeatedly aren't your thing, this may not be for you.The only drawback for me is the lack of variety when it comes to music."
76561198131639414,Recommended,251990,20857746,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,PietroHoNk,my gosh this is addicting
76561198250320604,Recommended,251990,30679912,Posted: 22 March,all,will14lee,I didn't eat a box of chocolates.Someone tried to be slick and eat them behind my back.Jokes on them the chocolates were poisoned.10/10
,Recommended,251990,16753796,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Royal Clover,"The soundtrack sucks, but the rest is pretty neat.I'd recommend it at 80% off, but prepare to die A LOT.It's a very short game when you know what you're doing, but there's plenty of replay value fromthe various choices, and there are multiple ways to beat it.But really, turn off the music."
,Recommended,251990,20793232,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Madame Mongrel,Sacrificied a young girl to appease a kraken that I summoned to crush my ennemies. 10/10
,Recommended,251990,20760674,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,(50TR3) R2DW,So fun! And the outfits are so cuuuute!
76561198201743910,Recommended,251990,20809551,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nine,"I played this game several times and I highly recommend it. The variety of choices make you want to play it over and over in order to achieve different playthroughs and other endings. That is, if you make it to the end! If you have other save files, you can always try to go back and avoid death, which  is not always possible. Also, you can be kind hearted as well as a tyrant. And at times you can kill people with your own hands (or simply avoid dying) if you have the battle skills needed (you can even be challenged to a duel!).Cons: some skills you can develop throughout the game seem to me to be completely useless. Also, if you want to properly play the game, you have to use a guide to the princess' moods (how you feel affects how well you learn different skills and it it not always so obvious). Of course you can always play it, die several times and fail many actions so that you can try to infer which moods boost each skills."
,Recommended,251990,11770139,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Kat Tsun,10/10Save scumming is your friend.
76561198079379651,Recommended,251990,20789044,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mkamenjak,"In this game you can rule the country while simultaneusly riding away from a squid monster with your soon to be lesbian girlfriend, while expecting a hostile invasion the next week. You can repel said invasion by blasting off magic beams at your enemys navy."
76561198277672865,Recommended,251990,20964453,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sola,"I would give it a 4/5.The story is rich and pulls you in, although it sometimes gets boring when you can predict the events that will happen. I did like the characters, dialouge, looks/feel of the game! I did get angry a few times though when you prepare to beat one section of the game and something else entirely ends up killing you. If you don't have the right things leveled, you'll die.This can be annoying, although overall its a good game and I'd recommend."
,Recommended,251990,21036480,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,BallsDeep69LuV,"Installed the Game, came into the Main Menu and listened to the music.When I started to realize that I was subconciously singing along because it is the Piano version of the ""Kaiser Hymne"".10/10 Would sing again!"
76561198032617206,Recommended,251990,21005601,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,aragonthefirst,"A tough, fun game, with a variety of playstyles and endings. Would heartily reccommend."
,Recommended,251990,21029808,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,chibitalex,"Don't let the colours and art style fool you. This is a cut throat, brutual strategy game. One misstep, and your princess is dead in one of many, many gruesome ways."
,Recommended,251990,21032676,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jason Luka,Please don't try to win EVERY roll-check in this game.  It's mathematically impossible.  I tried.
,Recommended,251990,20698539,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kevin Spacey,"You can marry guys, but not your cousin or girls? The ♥♥♥♥!?9/4, who even reads these..."
,Recommended,251990,20717873,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gremio,A quirky sim where the goal is to level the specific talents of a princess so that she can survive until coronation day.Failure is commonplace and it's just as much fun testing new strategies as it is trying to cause her to die in the strangest of circumstances.
76561198178346186,Recommended,251990,20816986,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lokitty,I very strategic and often very difficult game; great for those who love a challenging but beautiful visual novel-esque game. I would definitely reccomend it!
76561198148649068,Recommended,251990,20862371,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,jackson_perry69,"Lets get all of the negatives out of the way. Its actually kind of intimidating the first time you play it because there is so much you can do. Please excuse the caps abuse but YOU WILL NEED TO PLAY THIS MULTIPLE TIMES TO COMPLETE IT. its practically the point which I dont find to be an acceptable concept or gimick for a video game. There is also this annoying system of forcing the protagonist's emotional state by spaming an action over and over, which you need to do so that you can learn subjects more effectively.Now lets get to the good stuff. I actually love the art. I am usually not a fan of these painfully cute art styles but the artist did enough to keep it just realistic enough. The costume design for the protaganist is actually really good. I wish there was some kind of animation to this but that is easily excusable. Unlike a lot of these visual novel, anime games this one isn't soully based around getting senpai to notice you. The protagonist is not only empathetic but very sympathetic and even inspiring. You really find yourself caring about her since not only do your actions determine her well being but the well being of her friends, family and thousands of people. Yes this story is not afraid of making you afraid to mess up there are many ways your character can die and some of them are actually really brutal. It is not afraid to describe the death or misfortune of friends and family and thousands of innocent peasants. It actually makes you feel like your preparing to become a major political leader... mostly. I still don't know why a princess would ever need to learn falconeering but that is besides the point.This is definitely worth the $10, its worth the time, and this developer deserves this praise. From what I understand the entire game was made by a single person which means she also earns my respect."
,Recommended,251990,21139963,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,IngaryHAVEN,"10/10 Would play again.... Can't stop actually.... Help, I think I'm addicted....."
76561198061789865,Recommended,251990,21199566,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Vanity Storms,Fun little game. Amazing the amount of detail that went into it.
,Recommended,251990,21370654,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"I'm gonna borrow the short description from Totalbiscuit:The Darksouls of visual novels.But to be honest it's more of a rogue-lite visual novel, you start the game, run through it and your choices changes your stats in various means and that in turn will change how well you do and what encounters you meet.The story is roughly the same each time but will adapt to you and your choices. And you will die a lot before you learn the game and how it governs."
76561198013571244,Recommended,251990,16865957,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Highlandheadbanger,"I would argue that there are two games out on Steam right now that embody the core of A Game of Thrones better then the actual GoT games do. Long Live the Queen is the one nobody expects.Behind the veneer of cute chibi characters is a story of ruthless political intrigue, desperate Sophie's Choice no-win scenarios and the ever-looming threats of conspiracy, invasion and death.The 14-almost 15--year old queen must step into the very big shoes of her recently deceased mother and prepare herself in a crash course of political protocol, economics, strategy, diplomacy and magic. She must fend off coup d'etats, assassins, invading armies and encroaching magical demons. Over the course of the game the player will need to deal with power-hungry nobles with assasination or diplomacy, make strategic alliances and potentially commit to a loveless political marraige to maintain stability, lead armies and treat with diplomats to keep your nation safe and your line secure until you are old enough to take the throne and securely transfer power.The game itself is rather short, but with a multitude of branching story paths which will change based on the decisions you make--and this is one of the few RPGs I've played where it felt like LITERALLY every single decision I made was important, from the decrees and critical decisions of state to even the smallest details of what classes I took and what I did on the weekends to adjust my mood to change the bonus modifiers for skills.One truth about the game, though, is that you will die at least the first 5-8 times you play, there's no gettting around it. You will suffer horrible deaths described in agaonizing verbal detail (and cute chibi picture form) if you make the wrong decisions or don't prepare a good balance of skills to prepare for the events and challenges the game throws at you. That might get a little frustrating until you figure out and prepare a little for what's coming up at each bend.Overall though it was an unusual and thoroughly enjoyable experience and I would love to pay for a longer such experience of political intrigue and grand strategy."
,Recommended,251990,7640754,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Shift,BUY THIS NOW. Dark story telling and really fun.
76561198199356073,Recommended,251990,21271234,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,clown man,where did she read that pushing an arrow in further would make it come out the other side
76561198253302451,Recommended,251990,21419748,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,willowdove01,"Although I was under the mistaken impression (via a friend's recommendation) that this was an otome game, the world building and narrative were strong enough to make me stay even when I realized that romance wasn't at all the central focus of the game.  It has a unique level of interactivity and the endless combinations of choices make for incredible re-playability. Granted, it can be frustrating how many times and ways you will die, but it keeps drawing you back in because if you just try changing one thing you're sure you'll get it the next time.  It's addictive- and adorable"
76561197998051859,Recommended,251990,21614678,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,JoQuack,"Love this game.The music is good (if a bit repetitive), the visual are very well done if you like anime, and the story is wonderfully complex.The replay value is immense, there is no way you'll see everything this game has to offer storywise in one playthrough, and I highly doubt it's possible in even 5-10 playthroughs.Overall? 10/10, would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games or visual novels."
,Recommended,251990,21733446,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Scout's_Rebellion,How hard is it to keep a young heir to the throne alive for coronation day? hard. very hard. Game is 50000% better if you read the text out loud in funny accents.
,Recommended,251990,20462152,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,xSoralx,1000 ways to die princess visual novel editionmaybe you'll wanna die too after playing this
76561198172287893,Recommended,251990,20459742,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,quavalin,great game for those who want a cute anime girl to become a tyrannical magic overlord.
76561197998233669,Recommended,251990,20288543,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,JabberwockyPie,I love it and I still haven't unlocked even half of the achievements.  There's a LOT in the game.
,Recommended,251990,11770235,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jinx Main,"It may not look like it, but it was really hard to survive in.  Though honestly that makes it a bit more fun.  Anyway the game is a ton of fun and the ability to make different choices and control her life made the frustration so much worse. ;)"
,Recommended,251990,20330316,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Pheonyxe,"Was confronted for a duel.  I could have crushed him with magic, but I chose to be diplomatic.  Ended up stabbed through with a sword for my diplomacy.Came back with a ruthless vengence.  Anyone who opposed me was struck down.  Somehow made it to my coronation, and ruled as a well loved yet wicked and cruel Queen.10/10 Will reign again"
,Recommended,251990,12248654,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gucia,First seconds of play I was afraid I'd wasted my money on some anime-style rubbish. Three hours later I was afraid that I would never sleep untill I made her THE QUEEN.Really worth it! :)
,Recommended,251990,20498525,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Yui {([AdamH1212])},Best Game ever.
76561198054441085,Recommended,251990,20367903,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kayla Pratt,"Honestly this is just an awesome strategy game, everything you do matters and it is intense sometimes. It is pretty sublime.  Try it out"
,Recommended,251990,20369629,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Venomous Cucumber,"Seemingly simple, Sugar on the surface, this game is complex, and ruthless. It is an endless time waster where you will die constantly, and keep coming back, because in some masochistic sense, it is FUN, and you want to become queen, dang it! It takes about 20 minutes to get sucked in, but the charm it exudes once it does bite, stays. I love this game, and I'll be playing it over and over, trying to find new ways to die, and new paths to take."
76561198068984945,Recommended,251990,13800734,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kuu!,I dropped out of college to play this Game!!!!!<3<3<3<3
76561197974183287,Recommended,251990,12480517,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sojiro,"I thought it would be a boring dating sim or other such nonsense. It wasn't. It turned out to be one of the best RPGs and strategic game I've seen in years.If you like being the head of a country and choosing the right internal and foreign policies to keep yourself alive and your country un-pillaged, if you like making decisions that actually matter in the long term, if you like playing the role of a royal who has to survive through the intricacy of the court, you should play this game.Also, if you like executing those who badmouth you, you should play this game. Our little princess can be the cutest ruthless tyrant ever."
,Recommended,251990,24593633,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,eyesonjason,"I've always wanted to rule a kingdom as a little princess and this game has given me the chance to live that dream!In all seriousness, I bought this game several years ago as heard good things, but couldn't seem to get very far and lost interest. Playing on my new machine and I've rekindled my interest and managed to complete it several times.  It is pretty interesting how your choices influence your success and the huge amount of outcomes gives a stupid amount of replay value.The artwork is cute, consistent and fun to watch as Elodie works her way from the death of her mother to her coronation. I'd really recommend trying this game out!"
,Recommended,251990,24550321,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheIronDeveloper,"Fun game, will continue trying to not die again."
76561198152677019,Recommended,251990,13719039,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,zion142,this game is amazingpros: great art stylenice music (if you like classical)great story linenot too sappychallangingfunlots of stratagycheap (especially during sales)cons: no cut scenes( to be honest thats not a con)its a kinda short gamei recommend this game if you like stratagy if not then do not play
,Recommended,251990,24587566,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Chicken Boo,This game is deep and amazing and I love it.
,Recommended,251990,24528260,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Loomer319,I believe this is a good game for anyone who wants to experience the exhilaration of on wrong choice can lead to a death. Also how many exciting and different paths there are to explore and discover. So in conclusion I think this is a good game for people who like decision based games which because of this mechanic it gives it lots of replayability
,Recommended,251990,16424971,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gengar003,"A surprising amount of work is visible in the text telling you what you learn in your lessons - I actually enjoyed reading most of it and sometimes it actually mattered that I, the gamer, remember what had been learned in order to make informed decisions.I wish I could continue to study these things and access all of the text after becoming queen.Also, the game works with external controllers, not just keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,251990,24341852,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Firelily,"A very enjoyable game, although very short. I completed it in about 6 hours. Probably best to purchase in the sale."
,Recommended,251990,25763804,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Booshes,"A fun little game, but it will test your patience. Prepare to employ lots of trial and error!"
,Recommended,251990,25718148,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Haan,"You'll eventually figure out the one of many perfect formulas of classes to take and political decisions to make to finally become queen. But until then, you'll disappoint everyone and get yourself killed. What's wonderful is that no matter what kind of decision you make, whether it's the right or wrong one, you'll come across storytelling and fluff that makes it entertaining. Of course, it's also infuriating to die suddenly, but that's another bad ending you'll be able to prepare for on the next run."
,Recommended,251990,30878070,Posted: 1 April,all,cfalcon,The Dark Souls of Princess Maker
76561198147106814,Recommended,251990,27401745,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sailorprincesspluto,Each time this game throws you a curveball. It's truly a learning experience i'm enjoying every step of the way.
76561198016164234,Recommended,251990,27998429,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Shark-Knee!,"Bought the game, then reccomended it to friends, now its a classic to play at gatherings."
,Recommended,251990,10890820,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cats nigga,v cute
,Recommended,251990,28033277,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,balooneybob,Awesome game. I'm addicted
76561198162247389,Recommended,251990,28112154,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,R4Y,"To be completely honest this game is fun and I spent a long time playing it, however it wasn't my taste.I wouldnt suggest buying this game for full price, because the price is steap for a 'visual novel'.Wait for a sale, not only will you save money, but it'll actually be worth what you buy then."
,Recommended,251990,28030297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kokomopo,you will die and die and still die again
,Recommended,251990,28021742,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Elricboy,I was surprised to find that this game wasnt highly frustrating given the ludicrous amounts of pitfalls in this.  But I quickly found out after the steep learning curve that this game is pretty easy to get behind.It had multiple good and bad ending with varying degrees of success.  And most importantly multiple ways to succeed.LONG LIVE THE QUEEN.
76561198189981522,Recommended,251990,28022103,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GryphusOne,10/10 would study animal handling while a neighboring country is invading again
,Recommended,251990,13943701,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Faith Tetsuki,"My friend and I love this game so much! ♥ It's fun trying to figure out what is most needed to save the Queen. Also, it is fun finding new ways to die~ Honestly, I wish there were more ways than there are >w<"
,Recommended,251990,13947145,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,charginglasers,"Part of the fun here is collecting all of the death doilies. Really love this game. I'm always finding new routes to take to get to the end of the forty weeks. The face of the game might be cute, but you really get the feeling that the developers take great pleasures in finding the humor in death, ignorance, and dying terribly. Recommended for those who like to laugh at themselves and dogs."
,Not Recommended,251990,13824255,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,"Smeagol, Lord of the Ettercap","This game really interested me when I was looking at it, and even reading the reviews I descided to give it a try.After trying it I am... well, dissapointed.  What everyone else says is true, you have no idea what kind of skills you may need at any given time, and since you have no advisors of any sort, you just fail things left and right.I keep trying to find a good game to compare this too, and I think I have one.  Its like those 'unfair mario' games, where you literally have no way of knowing what will kill you or not, and the only way to win is by repeating it, over and over and memorizing exactly what happens.  This game doesn't change if you keep playing it the same events happen at the same time, so its the kind of game you can literally open a walkthrough and follow to the letter to get the exact ending, there is no skill involved.I know I put everything into things like trade and military, leadership things, you know, things that would help someone lead a nation, and I die over and over because I dont have running... and keep failling a forced duel.  So I try again, push toward what I need to not die there, oh, look, mass war, your military stats arent maxed, you loose again.It requires such a specific set of skills at specific times I dont think there is anything but one perfect way to finish it."
,Recommended,251990,13847699,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Your Neighbour,10/10 will rage load again
,Recommended,251990,13848795,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SeraphineJ,"A lot of trial and error.  Reminds me a lot of Princess Maker.  That being said, I like Princess maker better.  Over all an enjoyable game that is more difficult than it may appear."
,Recommended,251990,13973762,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Vipress,Great VN game. Short enough to where you don't agonize over starting the game over again to go a different way. Definitely brings out my inner achievement hunter!
,Recommended,251990,13974010,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,pure and devout crusader,"I-it's not like I like watching the cute anime girl die over and over or anything,,"
76561198065843347,Recommended,251990,13976076,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Shakaucian,"Truly Excellent Writing / Storytelling with Finite but Crucial information all the way,   Playing this is like Game of Thrones Regent Simulator, with Limited controll of the world but maximized perspectives on Training and Geo-Political Strategy.--     Training a Young Queen is a cool concept, as it's like taking part in the active training of an Eye'Sadai or Sorceress or         Warrior, or Tyrant.--  IT would be nice to see some New Characters and Alternate Stories , and very worthy of full DLC.You've got my Five Dollars for each new Full story / Character expancion you wanna make!Could do the same thing for a Forign Nation, as to take controll of their part during the same world's geo-political shifts."
76561198025004855,Recommended,251990,14485687,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Oracle,The amount of death I have caused in this game is only matched by Kerbal Space Program.
,Recommended,251990,14487046,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,gclef,"this game is great tbhit's like a cutesy death simulator!(also, watch out for the chocolates. it's /always/ the chocolates)"
76561198044335889,Recommended,251990,14447115,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bumbo,"I bought this for plot, I swear..."
76561198035864161,Recommended,251990,7697400,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Wayas,Fun stuff.
76561198120884260,Recommended,251990,14444913,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SweetSauce,"I'm 50/50 with this game, there isn't a huge amount of room to play with. You have to fail some things to then win the game, which felt wrong. If you had more time, more days, this would be a hugely rewarding game. But it doesn't have a lot of room for developing your character how you want to. I played this game for a very long time furiously trying to beat it and i did. But i didnt feel rewarded, it seems there are only a couple of paths you can take to win, none are that logical. HOWEVER, I have a feeling this game isnt really about winning, but all the fun and funny adventures you can have and the choices you make. So if youre not all about winning the game, but exploring every possible option you can choose, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,251990,15531582,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nate,"It's a choice between being a total dominitrix or dying. Yeah, I mean that way."
,Recommended,251990,15532117,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DaRuthisonFire,"Wow! I have seen several things on the internet about how great this game is and I'm glad I decided to try it. So far I have been taken an arrow to the gut, eaten poison chocolate, and been run through with a sword. Can't wait to see how I die next!"
76561198071656431,Recommended,251990,15317973,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sminks,I really enjoy this game. It's a great time sink.
76561198021008474,Recommended,251990,15471802,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Fox Edgeworth,Got shot. Insert the arrow further into the wound. But I was perfectly elegant while doing it.
76561198166408381,Recommended,251990,15403346,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lazypoisonfl,"I trained myself in battlefield medicine, reflexes, novan history, war, and trade.I saved my kingdom from civil war.I saved myself from an arrow piercing me.I died eating chocolate10/10 would eat them again"
,Recommended,251990,15334638,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Palchan,"This is a great game with a lame soundtrack. I think you either have to play the game on mute, or turn the music off altogether. The story isn't that great - probably a bad sign for a visual novel - but the mechanics keep it interesting. I think the screenshots and blurb do this game justice."
76561198035808481,Recommended,251990,12190664,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,krozzus,"I finished the game. I got around 3 out of  31 achievements. I looked at the descriptions of the other ones and all I can say is wtf. There is so blody many possibilitys and everything you do will have an effect later. And you will die. Over and over and over again. What I find interesting is that you only see certain aspects of the entire story in a single playthrough, kind of like a character in a Game of Thrones book. You have your own little adventure and sometimes stuff happens and you dont know why, while if you had chosen a completely different route you'd see the other side. Also: there is no RNG, if you do certain things other things WILL hapen. This is only a visual novel with strategy, dont expect anything action packed. The only things I dont like about the game are the repetitive music and the mood system, which could have been done better in my opinion. Other than that I can totally reccomend this."
,Recommended,251990,15338443,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tsurugi-ijin,Gosh this game is So Damned Frustrating!Yet I still play it over and over.. T_T
,Recommended,251990,13871903,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,❤ spooky jennykins ❤,Yes.
,Recommended,251990,15589267,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Robert2424,"This game is actully fun. The number of things your charicter can learn is pretty deep, the charicters are interesting, though they come and go really fast, and you are mostly in control of this straight forward story. You'll probally die allot on trail and error. The game takes place in a year long span. (In my opioion way to short). There are many ways to die, and I haven't seen them all. The game leaves you like, wait, its over? where it should be 2 to 3 year in-game.The game feels like an Independent game, but has very good potentail. It dosen't seem as in-depth as the trailers led you to believe but it a great first ettempt.I'd give it a solid 7/10. With plenty of room to improve, build upon, and add onto the game. I can see this game being a 8/10 added one or two features. It isn't bad for the price they are asking for, but isn't hitting no homeruns to be a favorite of mine."
,Not Recommended,251990,14967644,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,teacheЯ,"This game is just like Magical Diary - except it's much more chaotic, unforgiving, unbalanced and - ultimately - not fun,In both games you're building up skills that should then help you to deal with different events the game tosses at you. Main difference - in MD you could make a character with almost any set of skills, and it would usually work fine, except for losing some plot opportunities. Like, choosing different schools of magic would alter your experience, but whatever your choice had been, you'd always get something useful. There's balance between having freedom to do what you want and having to prepare for the challenges ahead.On the contrary, in Long Live The Queen if you didn't upgrade a certain enigmatic skill like ""Dogs"" or ""Meditation"" at a certain point - it's a guaranteed game over.  And since you've got no bloody idea what skill will the game check next, your only option is to make a dozen saves and constantly switch between them. And with the mood mechanic, that makes it even harder to switch from one skill tree to another when needed, most of the time you'll have to go way back in order to make things right in time. This kind of tedious trial and error is forced onto you, making the experience extremely frustrating.Overall, it's been a huge disappointment. Although just like in other Hanako Games titles, there's a nice branching story with lots of possible outcomes to any situation. But since the game punishes you so hard for making mistakes, you can't even enjoy the nonlinearity - most choices will lead to your death one way or another, so all you can think about is how to make the exact right decision and survive another week. And while i like challenging games, it's definitely not something i'd want from a visual novel."
76561198063067449,Recommended,251990,14873516,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LadyRunic,This game... I rage more with this game than Call of Duty or anything else. Elodie? GO BECOME A PEASENT! BE EASY FOR ONCE!
,Recommended,251990,22425701,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,EmberSH,"Fun, challenging, and pretty. Already we're off to a good start.Most of what I want to say is covered in a lot of the other reviews, so I'll save you the recap. But there is one point I don't see often enough: There is more than one way to survive each conflict. For instance, when attacked by an angry orphan (I'm trying to use examples given recently to leave as much of the game new and exciting as possible) you can survive by winning the fight (swordcraft), blasting him to death for his audacity (magic), or being rescued by your pet (falconry), and those are just the ones I've done personally.A lot of the reviews may give the impression that it's trial and error until you find the EXACT RIGHT combenation of skills. It's not; there are many ways to win. (And many more to die, lets be fair.)Also a word of warning; If you run away with your fiancee to avoid an invading army IT COUNTS AS A LOSS. Try your luck with the army, at least that gives you a chance. (I got too invested in ther 'saving Elodie' part, and forgot about the 'so she can be queen' bit)(I haven't found the affair option that's in the preview pictures, but boy do I want to. ♥ Get in there Elodie ♥"
76561198052566227,Recommended,251990,22365708,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,painini,Really enjoyed this game. I like how there are different endings and it is just an interactive and fun game.
,Recommended,251990,17177140,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Samishiisung,Long live the...Uhm...Queen...Wait how old is she again...?
76561198071097009,Recommended,251990,22549710,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Neko Silviu,"The most earned Global achievement for this game is the one you get when you Die...If this doesn't make you want to buy the game, then I don't know what will."
76561198188495847,Recommended,251990,22540816,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,mystuffedpanda,"This game is wonderful. Recomend it to anyone who likes cute, and impossible gameplay."
,Recommended,251990,7634256,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Smooth Terry,If you're a fan of visual novels and stats in general then this is the 'game' for you.8.5/10
,Recommended,251990,22379710,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Loviinda,"Died by sword, arrow and poison in two hours... good game 10/10"
,Recommended,251990,22415698,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,musicalmashup,Really Interesting Game! It's very challanging and it requires a lot of puzzle skills! I'd reccomend it to anyone who likes a challange and visual novels!
,Recommended,251990,22510768,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Trixify,"It's a fun game to play during a summer school class. It has high replayablity due to the different endings. Even though it looks like a child's game, it's actually quite challenging to figure out how to get all the endings without messing up somehow. 7/10"
76561198017614485,Recommended,251990,22442524,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Shrike Arghast,"Long Live the Queen is a simple-yet-fantastic and highly-immersive title, offering players a great deal of depth and flexibility as they approach the task of seeing pink-haired, naive Princess Elodie from the death of her mother through to her coronation day a year later.Pros:1) Highly complicated diplomatic simulator with literally hundreds of outcomes. Friends become enemies; enemies become friends; and decisions made in the beginning can haunt you at the end (note: don't marry the duke unless you do not want children! I think he's a homosexual [and no, I am not bashing, but the simple, God's to honest truth is that he isn't that into Elodie!]).2) Costumes are both colorful and functional.3) The environments, such as they are, are bright, nice to look at, and easy to understand.4) The menus, while they might look daunting, become second nature.5) It's absolutely hilarious when she dies... not that I like killing her off. But it's still funny.Cons:1) For a princess under a regency, you basically get no help. Your father, the King-regent, barely offers any advice at all, and there are no ministers to rely upon.2) Romantic options, while varied, are sometimes difficult to extract out of the narrative, and often rely upon you placing skill points into abilities that will wind up costing you the game.3) The majority of the most satisfying endings involve becoming a Lumen - this is the only way to prevent passing the buck on letting an evil sorcerer run wild for a generation, even if you survive your encounter with him.4) Once you overcome the learning curve - which is substantial - the game is almost laughably easy. I died about 3 times before I got the hang of it, and realized where to put skill points. Suffice it to say, replay value involves attempting to woo different lovers/survive outcomes of your making - not because the actual, core game is overly difficult.Overall, I was left wanting more - a sequel? An expanded version with some amount of combat? This is a really, really powerful premise for a game, and I hope to see more of it in the future.9/10."
76561198100722430,Recommended,251990,22615955,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Da Bozz,"This is essentially a text based 'choices' game.There is a story, you make a choice, your stats adjust (or you die) according to your choice ....... repeat until your queen dies and loses the game (probably) or win the game (possibly).Its an unforgiving game so if your current stat is 1 point less than you need to progress past your current choice its 'back to the start' (or a savegame) for you.Its a good little game for what it is - at least as deep and meaningful as a season of 'Game Of Thrones' - definitely worth it when its on sale."
76561198056088355,Recommended,251990,24056207,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sara Marie,A fun game and it's more replayable than I was originally expecting. Lots of variety on how you can shape the character of the queen and the outcome of the game.
,Recommended,251990,7658051,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,൹ornĮɲ❡ȿ,"Moe-Domination game 'Long Live The Queen!', is pretty challenging. I'm starting to think it's another sinister game with no 'Good end', and it has like 50 skills you can train, from swordsmanship to politics and dance, but it's more about trying to live as long as you can without killing yourself from depression or being assassinated @ _@.Vary fun for those interested in this type of game."
,Recommended,251990,24130375,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mai,Actually quite fun.
,Recommended,251990,17175832,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Shiroro,"This game has a surprising amount of different outcomes depending on the skills chosen and the choices that are made.  I didn't go in expecting anything, but I came out of the game with a faceful of surprise."
,Recommended,251990,17206435,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Chogos,11/10Would die again.
,Recommended,251990,28659604,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,biggerboat,I DIED THE WAY I LIVE BY CHOCOLATE
76561198073109361,Recommended,251990,28473987,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hexenir,"I went to my jail to poke my old enemies through the bars so I could fuel my anger and train swordsmanship, all to properly destroy the fools who dared to invade my Kingdom.Also I was wearing a magical girl outfit."
,Recommended,251990,28619412,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ravlinn,I still dont understand why knowing meditation has saved my♥♥♥♥♥♥more than swords or running.
,Recommended,251990,28579352,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kristinani11,"This game is so great, it is taking over my life haha. I like taking the time to get the different achievements and endings. So much fun and very worth the money and time :)"
76561198092969274,Recommended,251990,28624616,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,cassiebluevulich,"I usually don't write reviews, and never have on Steam, but I gotta throw this out there.  I LOVE THIS GAME!  I've been playing it for maybe 2 or so years now, and I'm still finding new routes and dialogues I have never seen before.  I'm that sorta person that I like to find all the easter eggs and find all the hidden lores of a game, and maaan this doesn't let me down. I still have 11 achievements left to explore, and plenty of choices left to make.  I really hope for another update Hanako!  Keep it coming, keep adding onto the tale of Elodie!"
,Recommended,251990,28614593,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,erparom,"Re-playability for Long Live the Queen is amazing. Not only because the Trial & Error mechanics, but because you actually need stats that determine your fate. Is a beautiful combination of VN and a strategy game. Very recommended!"
,Recommended,251990,28816619,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MarvellousAQL,"A fantastically addictive game that's also surprisingly deep. After 6 hours of trying to complete the game (without using any saves) I finally lived long enough to become the 'righteous monarch'; that is a flame wielding, stone faced killer that murdered all her enemies and most her own people just to stay alive. I'm sure there's a way to keep our Princess innocent and successful, but damn if I'm skilled enough to find it."
,Recommended,251990,28813443,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TGI Snickers,This game is challenging. Can be beaten in many ways. Has tons of replay value. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,251990,24427838,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Brickbat,"A good way to spend an afternoon. Decent plot, its pass/fail system is simple yet effective (sometimes the pass may give you information, options, or even changes the plot, other times it is useless), and it offers mild replayability (Usually 2 or 3 sucessful runs, along with however many you failed) with many unique choices and endings, both good and bad. Keep in mind that some skills only exist to act as a requirement to level the actually useful skills, and some skill groups are outright useless. Getting this on a decent sale is a steal, but for those who have the money to spend, getting this at full price isn't bad choice either."
76561198112191533,Recommended,251990,28811821,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Everitt,"when i bought this game only one thing was on my mind, ""i have reached the pinnacle of boredom."""
76561198084200551,Not Recommended,251990,29068695,Posted: 6 January,all,volendar,"I've played a similair game in the past that was alot of fun, and thought this game would be good too. it isnt.its concept is a choose your skillset and survive. and what you want to train in will change depending on what you've done, and skill checks you've passed and failed. however it has a glaring flaw: the mood system. its a good mechanic, but is poorly executed trying to get a favorable mood to train is really annoying. and changing and managing your mood is needlessly complicated and difficult.now i enjoy difficult games, but not when its the result of bad design.i realize its not a finished product yet, but i cant rate it good in its current state however with a few tweaks to the mood system it would be a enjoyable game. i still have high hopes for the future."
76561198010153002,Recommended,251990,29054563,Posted: 6 January,all,Wheat,Unique take on the visual novel genre. It's so easy to die lol.
,Recommended,251990,29068198,Posted: 6 January,all,toadly,"Incredibly fun game, it plays like a single player tabletop rpg, but is more skill based. There are a ridiculous amount of possible outcomes for how cheap the game is; quite a bit of replay value."
76561198079583825,Recommended,251990,28962778,Posted: 2 January,all,NEKOMENACE,"Well Elodie is trying to make it to coronation, after her mother’s untimely death, and many dangers stand in front of her. But I assume you know that much already. Long live the queen is a game about making choices, and balancing skills and your mood, to succeed in an array of challenges that lie in your path. From making decisions about your kingdom, to being ambushed on travels and those stupid royal balls.The first few play throughs I had went a lot like this.- Oh, look I think I’m doing ok let’s eat some chocolate, “oh no its poison maid get me charcoal”, maid wasn’t quick enough and I died.- Let’s go to that party, get ambushed and shot with an arrow, “I think your meant to pull it out”, dies.And so will yours when you start, but as you play you can get the gist fairly easily of how to balance lessons and mood to improve skills quickly. This will help in training needed skills and lead to some better success at certain tests.The thing that puts people off this game though is the random skills checks that make it up, as almost everything you do is based on a skill or effects your mood. It is impossible to commit every option to memory, your better writing them down. This means if you leave the game for a while you will likely forget what skills are important throughout the early game, as I did myself. This can get frustrating but that’s just how it is and learning all the skill checks isn’t easy.Overall I find this game fun to come back to and see how far I can succeed in ruling my kingdom, the artwork is lovely, and the outfits you get after reaching certain skill sets are a nice aesthetic touch. If you enjoy exploring the lore of the world and Elodie’s family ties, along with lovely artwork and a fair bit of micromanaging and learning challenges, I would highly recommend it. It is a great and replayable game, with many different routes you can take on your way to becoming queen.Just remember though her name is Elo’die’"
76561198353302646,Recommended,251990,28956387,Posted: 2 January,all,Mewki,"When I first picked up this game I expected it to be a cute-yet-challenging little visual novel.And then I died.and died again.and died again.rinse and repeat.It's a good game, but one that requires tenacity and lot of micromanagement. If you like challenging games with a lot of lore, this game is for you. My only complaint is that some of the early-game skillchecks are quite high."
76561198078687525,Recommended,251990,28776244,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,♥Real Smug!♥,"This is absolutely fantastic for those who like to take their time by exploring all of the options. You will die a lot, you will reset a lot, you will feel powerless, but you will be satisfied when you make it to the end. Now, if you hate having to keep going back to fix something you did wrong, don't play this game, 'cause you gotta dew that a bunch if you wanna see all of the endings. Other then the annoying amount of resets this game is pretty great, I really enjoyed strategizing all kinds of plans to obtain victory :D"
76561198105644716,Recommended,251990,28777012,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Denalz,Surprisingly challenging and highly entertaining! Would recommend.
,Recommended,251990,28768125,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Charlie Chapplin,"this game is 10/10 would recomend. bought it on sale for $5, probably one of the better games i own"
76561198141469607,Recommended,251990,28835974,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saphine,Really fun and replayable.
,Recommended,251990,28849182,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Snow Halation,"Aight, this game is gr8, like I thought it looked stupid or girlyy, but was plesently supprised when it turned out to be fun and  addicting. Multiple endings encourge replayability and your choices matter to what ending you get drasticly."
,Recommended,251990,28766893,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,akira,"It is well worth the money.10/10 would sacrifice my childhood friend to a sea monster again.The art style of this game is deceiving. When I looked at it at first - I was expecting some kind of otome game or a visual novel with a cute girl as the main heroine struggling over everything. It took some time for my friends to convince me to get it as I thought it was way too pinkish and childish to entertain me - even the video on the store page didn't convince me otherwise.Oh boy, I was wrong.This game me got in pretty hard because I love me some political decision making. I can say this game is about strategy, but it would take you some time to come up with the plan to survive because events can take unexpected turns and ask for skills you didn't think you would ever need in this game. Sometimes it actually feels like it is more about luck than strategy (which makes the game appear super hard).Long live the Queen has a great replayability value because even if you finally manage to escape the deaths, it leaves you wanting to know more about other paths you could take.There are many ways to die, and there are many ways to survive it as well. The excellent writing of this game makes every route equally impressive and emerging.The Queen is dead, long live the Queen!"
76561198177901389,Recommended,251990,31657967,Posted: 9 May,all,oh worm?,"i was....obsessed with this game for probably a few weeks... its so stressing but you wanna achieve something and in the end its like real life, being rejected by a lesbian 15 years older than you"
,Recommended,251990,28112920,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RudyPaTutti,was traveling by wagon to visit my old friend in a different provence. our wagon got ambushed by bandits and i got shot. not knowing battle field medicine i decided to shove the arrow through my body and out the other side to safely remove it from my body. the arrow then punctured my other internal organs and i made the wound worse then it would of been if i had not attempted to treat it... i died soon after.10/10 for honoraboru sudoku
76561198351885275,Recommended,251990,31608711,Posted: 7 May,all,salemxionzia,"I love this game so much!! So many different outcomes and paths, it is different everytime you play."
,Recommended,251990,22212339,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,MPO,"An invigorating and exciting experience, it features a lot of interesting writing, a wide variety of satisfying choices, and consequences that will leave you considering the game for long after you play.  Great graphics, story, and music.I fell into a trap where I got caught up in every single stat check, which overcomplicated things.  Just focus on general strategy, and you'll have fun.  This is replayability done right."
,Recommended,251990,31613340,Posted: 7 May,all,Jackylope,"This is my first foray into the visual novel genre, so I might have a skewed opinion. Long Live The Queen is wickedly engrossing, with interesting dialogue and subtle lore.At first you feel exactly like little Elodie, dropped in this world of unknown danger and far too many choices to choose from. Which path will lead you to victory? How can you possibly save your kingdom and survive the dangers of dark royalty?Eventually, you start to get the hang of things and recognize which skills will benefit you, and which alliances to make or break. You learn how to make the right choices, becoming a powerful queen -- good and evil.This game caught my attention with the education system, promising not just dialogue with characters, but forming Elodie into any kind of queen-- a military force, an awe-inspiring magical girl, an economic savant, a sly spymaster, or even a cruel and sadistic empress. And that's just scratching the surface, all the ways you can shape your reign.One thing I was not expecting was the depth of this world. You can't get a full picture of things in one playthrough. There's things to be discovered in every path, from uncovering the secret of your mother's death, to going on an adventure in the dark forest, exploring the depths of your magic, romancing a commoner, to finding out family secrets... and so on. Seemingly small choices can come back later or change the course of the story.My only critique might be the music being a little repetitive. Found myself turning it off to listen to other things instead. Also, the opening music is an old patriotic america song which seems like an odd choice for a game about monarchy.Nevertheless, love the game. I found myself exploring every nook and cranny, and can only imagine what a bigger version of this would be. I will absolutely drop cash on any DLCs or sequels in the future, if it happens."
76561198146548579,Recommended,251990,31639728,Posted: 8 May,all,kikimariposa,"This was a lot of fun. Not a game you can play forever; but the mess-with-the-stats, mess-with-the-avatar's mood layout can keep you entertained for several iterations. Then trying to kill your little princess or make her the evil queen of everything can keep you occupied. Easy game if you're good at algebra, and if you're good at figuring out which activities change her mood in which direction quickly.  But there's still a ton of options, so it could take a while.Thumbs up, and enjoy all the disasters. And outfits."
,Recommended,251990,32183217,Posted: 4 June,all,Sudieyu,"I really enjoyed this game! Your decisions actually do matter and effect what happens later. I was getting so frustrated when I kept dying but the death pictures were so cute that it makes me want to go back and play for all the deaths. There are so many ways to win the game and so many cute outfits!The graphics were amazing, I love games with good graphics! I would definitely recommend this game to people who like virtual novels and strategy games. This is a fun interesting game and I do think I’ll play it again. It did not take that long to beet once I got the right mix of skills, but it was really fun getting there."
76561198010059600,Recommended,251990,12142224,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Phoenix,"Long Live the Queen is an awesome game, and I recommend it to anyone who plays the sims, watches anime, or want to be an anime princess.I really liked that you couldn't forget about things, forget to level swimming and you drown. Forget to level elegance and you wipe out onto your face in front of the kingdom."
,Recommended,251990,33304022,Posted: 6 July,all,Reikon,"It is with great difficulty that I bring myself to admit that I am indeed an awful princess. Already I have learned much from this game, and it is clear that it has much more to teach me before I am able to become the Queen of Nova.If you like:-Being a princess.-Walking through a minefield.-Hardcore survival games.-Executing peasants.-Magical girls....Then this game may be perfect for you."
,Recommended,251990,33315575,Posted: 6 July,all,Kalani Zimmerman,I love it.Depends on the day but I can sit down and rip my hair out for a few hours.Long Live the Queen.
76561198113191989,Recommended,251990,11020777,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Beth,I hate it. I play it obsessively. It's soothing and infuriating. I don't know what to study but I keep trying anyway!
76561198375862633,Recommended,251990,33387653,Posted: 8 July,all,IAmNotOriginal1,you know that feeling when you think you're all prepared and can't die? Yeah i did too  then i ate the candy.                                              rip me
,Recommended,251990,33410327,Posted: 9 July,all,Mexico-sama,"Quite a fun game, would recommend."
,Recommended,251990,33424030,Posted: 9 July,all,LoliLicker,"This game is an absolute treasure, and the fact they still update it made me snatch it up the second i saw it on sale."
76561198062691458,Recommended,251990,23292504,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Barkbarkoos,a great game where you get to play as a queen and ruin your kingdom
,Recommended,251990,24168921,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RedMage13,"Ok at first you may be like ""Oh got I died.. again"" then you'll go into the second stage of ""Please for the love of god can you stop dieing"" then too the third stage ""you know what that was my fault"" then too the 4th stage called ""Maybe ill just look up guide's in the community forums"" too ""Ok if I do this and then that I will die from this, let me save and die then relog and do it right"""
76561198067687066,Recommended,251990,29584274,Posted: 30 January,all,clumsy_scientist,"I usually enjoy a choose-your-own-adventure kind of game, so this review will be slightly biased. The storyline is interesting enough, the protagonist is female (yay) and the game is of the right length. Worth to check out if you're keen to play as a young, Queen-to-be forced to learn everything important (according to the game anyway) about ruling a nation within a year. Be prepared to die often though, so you need substantial preseverance to get to the end.Or read one of the few gaming guides online."
76561198038700231,Recommended,251990,29569834,Posted: 29 January,all,Morai,"I'm sure it's technically possible to make it to being Queen, but so far I've been killed by everything from a chocolate to an arrow. The only time I DIDN'T die, I ended up locked in a dungeon. Frustrating and fun all at once."
76561198134201728,Recommended,251990,29577455,Posted: 29 January,all,matthewbzzz333,later review
,Recommended,251990,29813978,Posted: 9 February,all,Hina,"This is an insane ride from beginning to, uh.. a million ends. I'm not going to lie, you will die a lot. But think of it like.. Dark Souls the Visual Novel. Except after you die, you will have to start fresh, unless you have save points to fall back on. I HIGHLY reccommend you utilize the numerous save files because they will come in handy. Stat management isn't too harsh, though it is very important. The art is lovely, I enjoyed all the outfits you can unlock for the Protag. My main point is, don't give up. I played the game for a while without any guide or help, but I eventually broke down and decided to seek advice. I think Steam has some decent community guides. Also for every death, there's an achievement--a super cute kind of sad but awesome achievement! And witty text.Final thoughts/advice, you can fast forward through dialogue and you learn pretty early on what stat is important to rank in the future."
76561197999775123,Recommended,251990,7611379,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,qwerty69,"amazing. lethal, brutal, pink with frills and bows. and arrows. poisoned.lovely hard fun"
76561198151467375,Recommended,251990,31022285,Posted: 8 April,all,mocha1536,"Short Answer: Wow I died from chocolates and I get shot by arrows!Long Answer: This was by far one of my favorite games I have played. Believe it or not, despite its girly magical facade, this game will ruin your life forever. I have tried beating this game over and over and over but I never seem to get it right. I only won once and that was because I actually had a decorating skill?? I guess when you can set up flowers on a float and dress up like a magical princess you can just kind of slide right into the win. You basically control your own little princess and you have to keep her emotions on what you need to upgrade her skills. Sometimes you don't need some of the military skills on your path... maybe you just need faith and batle medicine *WINK WINK*..."
76561198087895288,Recommended,251990,29695205,Posted: 4 February,all,Pwu101,"Having finally achieved everything there is to do in this game, I finally feel apt to write this review.This game is perhaps one of the best investments I have made in a Steam Game. The game is hours of fun, and, even though I have accomplished everything I can, it is still a game I will go back to play again and again. The most fun part is making your other friends play it and laughing as they don't get the skills necessary to avoid certain events that seem to always occur (but, in fact, do not ALWAYS occur). The NPCs are a lot more charactorized than I imagined they would be my first play through and, to this day, still did not see most of the subterfuge from my other playthroughs.The only issues I have ever seen with the game is when I play with the fullscreen settings to eliminate some of the black bars and, if you've played enough, you can fix it without being able to see anything. Overall, I'd give the game a 9.8/10, but no higher, for there is always room for improvement."
76561198313558214,Recommended,251990,29686904,Posted: 3 February,all,indigo292,"At first it seems like a really childish game. But once you've done a couple of play-throughs you find yourself trying to get more and more different deaths and endings. It's a throwback to the classic ""choose-your-own-adventure"" games. Getting all the achievements is fun and challenging."
76561198126431384,Recommended,251990,23851848,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sammy Moose,"This game is unexpectededly addicting and I would honestly purchase it again, even if it meant dropping out of college, becoming a hermit, and severing all ties to my family."
,Recommended,251990,29284323,Posted: 15 January,all,SimR,"Honestly,This is one of the most intresting games I have played in awhile. Of the many times I have tried, I had only beaten it once after dieing and reloading the last save in order to try and correct the one bad decision I have made.I find myself coming back to this game more and more. Not for long periods of time in a play session, but instead just for a hour or two to try again. I recommend you get this game, on sale or not. It is a masterpeice of a story.Every decision can make the diffrence of winning or dieing, whether you notice it or not."
,Recommended,251990,29417165,Posted: 22 January,all,pinupattack,"Long Live The Queen is a very cute and enjoyable, deceptively complex game stat-building game with an endearing protagonist and interesting branched storyline.The main downside to this game is the fact that you will die a lot, but overall I would recommend this game - especially if you have played other Hanako games (e.g. Black Closet)."
,Recommended,251990,29402335,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Full of charm and humor with tons of replayability and good graphics. The randomness of bad events can be frustrating at times, but the game is quick and simple enough that it's easy to get back in and try again, making it oddly addicting."
76561198060445418,Recommended,251990,30100240,Posted: 22 February,all,jchaosmaster,"I have to say that his is one of those speical games you get for the LoL's only to learn it's good. I have played threw twice and lost both time. First time I got my crown stolen from me by some guy. The second I got killed my a speical present from his kingdom. When i figure out how to take over the world im recking that place.Honestly the game is alot of fun and does a good job of making a enjoyable game without very little. The learn in the game is deep with you only able to learn some skills while you balance your young queen's mood.Only thing i dont understand is why is the queen/princess is so importent if there is a 'king."""
,Recommended,251990,30120583,Posted: 23 February,all,Sarahboev,A pretty fun game. There's alot of possibles and routes to explore. I recommend having several saves though because playing through from the beginning every time can get old.Also being willful will help you build much more important stats imo. All the times I tried playing as a flimsy princess I died pretty earlier on. lolYou're going to die alot and for really odd reasons. While playing this I couldn't help but think this was the dark souls of visual novels.
76561198026580786,Recommended,251990,31050828,Posted: 9 April,all,Ashinur,really cool game if you like the story telling and multiple options never managed to beat it but still really enjoyed it
76561198215556269,Recommended,251990,29225354,Posted: 13 January,all,Lamosamo67,"You know, this is an amazing game, worth the $10 USD. It's a perfect time management game. What are you going to do and what type of ruler will you become is ultimately up to you with so many options. But, it doesn't matter. You're going to die from chocolates. I've only played it once, but I've watched it online plenty. Solid 8-9/10"
76561198139808340,Recommended,251990,29267709,Posted: 15 January,all,DragonSlayer,"Wanna win the game? Easy steps: This guide will make your subjects favor you.[ Passive guide for the Foreign War](MAJOR SPOILERS)P.S: When you go to the ball, choose: ""Dance with someone around your age."" Later on, pick him for marriage in end of game.1. Get Expression MAX by being super DEPRESSED. Instrument and Voice are most important.2. Get Pubic Demeanor MAX, to do this, you gotta be YEILDING. focus on presence first to get magic. Presence and Courtmanners are most important.3. Max Lumin- very important. To do this, you need to be WILLFUL. All important4. When guys wants you to give up the land provinces... execute him, do not offer money, this is essencial in this guide bc it will make a civil war happen, this guide includes only the war with foreigners. When you do the little fair to make people happy, kill the guy who thretens you with magic.5.Max out Public speaking in Conversation and Foreign Intelligence in Intrigue, both need to be YEILDING.6. When the war wages, dont be discouraged, we're on the passive route. The king shows up, sing to him. Tada.7. Marry Linley and you're done, congrats.Love this game, get it, just do it. DONT LET YOUR DREAMS AS QUEEN BE DREAMS!"
76561198045401832,Recommended,251990,29275995,Posted: 15 January,all,SoloPlayah,"For some reason I played my pre-Steam version so much more. I had sunk hours and hours into it. I really loved it but when I finally got it again here, I realized how impossible it was. There is just no way to win all of the event challenges with so little time unless you cheat."
76561198030696457,Recommended,251990,30126381,Posted: 23 February,all,Paro-daryl,Become the Queen.But first you must die a million ways.
76561198146739671,Recommended,251990,30101694,Posted: 22 February,all,doricantswim,love that choices matter in this game
76561198026838687,Recommended,251990,12113976,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,BoredToaster,Being a princess is hard....
76561198201034651,Recommended,251990,30081631,Posted: 21 February,all,Dnelyn99,This game is a fun interactive story with many different outcomes Dependant or what you choose. :)
,Recommended,251990,32269626,Posted: 8 June,all,Maddiekins,"The good: Fun and easy to beat once you figure out what skills to focus on.  You will like laugh a few times and be amused by her tragic deaths.The bad: The story unravels very quickly, and is kind of weak overall.  Still, its a very unique concept.  I bought the game at $5 and kind of feel like I still overpaid for the amount of content included.The verdict: I recommend, but just barely."
76561198042406660,Recommended,251990,27490591,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SCUBA-Doo,Try to live long enoguh to see yourself become a queen. Die several times from chocolate and arrows you force through your own lung.
,Recommended,251990,32328210,Posted: 10 June,all,Kart™ Them Back to Mexico,"Its a short and simple story, but what makes up for that is a huge level of interconnection between every event. Your response to events as well as your skills will drastically change each playthrough, at least past the first few weeks. There are many ways to win and even more ways to lose. It is fun for a while though I can definitely see it not being everyone's type of game."
76561198150068649,Recommended,251990,32329851,Posted: 10 June,all,Acacia,This is such a great game. It is easy to play and has a great storyline. There are plenty of different endings to keep you entertained!
,Recommended,251990,18621112,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,jimbotherisenclown,"You will die.And then, you will reload, and you will play again. You might get a little bit further. Probably not.Eventually, you'll begin to keep a notebook and plan ahead. ""I know I'll be attacked on this week with a snake, so let's make sure to get in the right mood the prior two weeks to build up my stats accordingly. But if I do that, will I be ready for the singing contest down the road?"" These sorts of questions will pop up, and you will stay up far later than you should in order to plan the perfect playthrough.None of these are possibilities; if you pick up this game, these are givens. Sheer, simple, and irrefutable facts of life. Another fact? You will enjoy this game. You will enjoy it in spite of the sheer pinkness and girliness (or maybe because of it), you will enjoy seeing poor Elodie die in ways you hadn't forseen, you will enjoy the simplistic music and the short snippets of story that build into something masterful.Have fun dying."
,Recommended,251990,12061907,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Tsunderesaurus-Rex,"Very cute, I like the part where you can change costumes x3"
76561198251858654,Recommended,251990,31336872,Posted: 24 April,all,ギョー,"Choose subjects (as in the things to learn at school, not the people to follow you), advance week by week through your home/castle schooling.Somehow in a year become queen or die trying.The game is based around the same events happening on the weekly schedule, but even knowing the future you have to choose how to preempt or prepare for the challenges. Lots of replay-ability, a few funny events and lots of ways to die."
,Recommended,251990,31383642,Posted: 26 April,all,dahayes,"It's a fun game if you like those sort of games where you raise a child, and see how they turn out in life ^^ sort of like the princess maker series in a way"
,Recommended,251990,13803732,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Itxaro Kefira,"I don't remember why the heck I got this game in the first place, but I don't regret it. The plot is twisted and unpredictable, and even if you make it through one main event, a simple one could kill you the next day. I have yet to beat it, but I'm going to keep trying. I'm ashamed to admit how many times I've accidentally lead the pink-haired princess too her demise. Give it a go if you'd like, and maybe share some pointers?"
76561198126769153,Recommended,251990,31544753,Posted: 4 May,all,tatterbug8,This is a simple game  but it is difficult to win.
,Recommended,251990,31585752,Posted: 6 May,all,Ｗｙｔｃｈ,pretty good
,Recommended,251990,34748438,Posted: 4 September,all,CoolDoc The Necromancer,"The Game is Fun at first but after a while it becomes a memory game trying to get to the ending, however the outcomes become more fun after you take one bit of the puzzle away. In short its a fun game, however is build on trial and fail, however one thing about the game is it makes you feel what you want to do was a queen knowing you might die then rather forcing you do something else for the sake of wining the game. This game is build on the class's you take and because of that you may never know may die the next week. Overall its a fun game to pick up give it a try and enjoy the outcomes. However the game becomes boring after a while. But it's cheap and great. So i recommend this game if you are looking for a short story to tell and feel like you must be the great queen to rule your nation. Pick it up and give it a go."
,Recommended,251990,34785182,Posted: 6 September,all,oberyx,kewlz
,Recommended,251990,34779678,Posted: 6 September,all,strezemann,"This was video game crack for me. Don't buy it if you're looking for a deeply strategical game, but do buy it if you like to see a game that has a bunch of neat branching story paths and a very busy but also super simple skill tree. I had to laugh when I died at the exact point I'd seen someone complain about when I initially added this to my Wishlist, bur for some reason it didn't strike me as unfair. Not even when it happened again a few games later because I'd found something else to worry about. It's trial and error, sure, but it's rarely senseless. Make sure your character's not just all talk, and you should certainly wind up with avenues for survival.The plot stuff breezes by. It's totally competently written, and has a certain page-turning quality to it that makes even failure pretty fun. That was my biggest worry going in, but I had plenty of fun with the story.It took me just a smidge under 5 hours - and maybe a dozen tries, opting for radically different builds each time - to beat Long Live the Queen. I missed out on just about every interesting side bit in my winning game, which I carefully laid out for the sole purpose of survival, so I imagine I'll be putting in many more hours trying to uncover some of the story arcs I had to skip in order to make it to coronation day."
76561198055031802,Recommended,251990,34794407,Posted: 7 September,all,downarchers,One of my favourite games of all time.Never have I seen a game that has so much choice. You shape the character with many different skills and get to see them try and deal/survive different events. No skill is useless and all of them can be used to avoid death.And you ply dress up while executing people.
76561197992738192,Recommended,251990,34831698,Posted: 9 September,all,NmpRogue,"Jesus.Okay, let me get this across, dont play this if you're incapable of reading, you simply wont be able to enjoy this game to its fullest.First time playing, focused mostly in military, had high weapon stats.Cause of death: Kept trying to attend friends party but was incapable of learning how to not push a arrow further into my vital organs, ending my life.Second time, civil war 2 weeks in power, lost instantly and became a slave in a tower.Third time, killed entire family, Kraken awoken, kept it frozen.Long live the queen! Long live the queen! Long live the queen!"
76561198112959514,Recommended,251990,34836474,Posted: 9 September,all,TafKat,"So the strategy of the Long Live The Queen isn't just winning, although that can prove challenging at first as well, it's winning HOW you want to win. Do you shun all magic and defeat the enemy through sheer military might? Do you join forces with your enemies and betray your allies? Do you save the day simply with the power of song and having a pure heart? All of these options and more are open to you."
,Recommended,251990,33659657,Posted: 19 July,all,Okazaki,"I would like to give it a neutral option between recommended and not.It is a good game, it is fun and everything but something that wont stop bothering me is that this 14 year old had absolutely no clue where she was standing. She was way too ignorant to be nobility.You need to take a week-long classat that ageto know what countries are surrounding yours? Or to realize there is an ongoing invasion in one of your provinces?We definitely needed the option to give her some initial skills, because she had to learn SOMETHING at school right?6.2/10"
76561198280108358,Recommended,251990,33657107,Posted: 19 July,all,BumblerBee,"Long Live the Queen is a great game, and similar to the likes of ""Princess Maker Refine 2"". However, it doesn't have as many endings and isn't as replayable as PMR. Despite this, it's a very story based game, and the story does really change depending on what  you do. It can be a bit lengthy (providing you don't die right away), but it's so worth it! A very visually appealing game to, and I like that it tests you on certain subjects throughout.Overall, this game is probably for you if you like multiple ending games that are story based, and if you think the concept of raising a little girl to be queen is cool. 7/10, but for the replay value i'd give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,251990,33695798,Posted: 21 July,all,Jinx8evr,"Pretty cute game. I got the demo while it was still in greenlight. It's fun and really adorable, but... there's not a lot of replay value after you've succeeded it a few times. There's a bit of trial and error though."
76561198161896236,Recommended,251990,35197118,Posted: 24 September,all,Graffiti,"This game is crazy fun. My first time I didnt listen to ANYTHING the bonuses told me to follow! I STILL had a fun route, sure it ended in my death, but it was fun nonetheless! After a couple playthroughs, instead of getting a different ending, I began TRYING to die the different ways listed! It's a good game for the price. It will keep you busy for about 3 hours. Get it, have fun, and good luck! Hopefully you can make it to your coronation day!"
76561198007051537,Recommended,251990,34924857,Posted: 13 September,all,Cinereously Yours,"You get to be a pretty magical princess who does cool stuff like learn about horses or history, dance at balls, cast spells, be sad, and get stabbed to death. Or sometimes drown, or be poisoned! There's a bunch of cool things you can do.Owned this game for a while and been kicking myself for not giving it more of a shot earlier. The overall story is simple and stays the same each playthrough, but branching choices with multiple solutions to the same problems keep it feeling fresh, providing new challenges and unforseen consequences with an almost rogue-like penchant for killing you off suddenly.Be prepared to die frustratingly often, wondering why you're having so much fun trying to keep this poor arrow-magnet alive.10/10 would eat the chocolates again"
,Recommended,251990,35039151,Posted: 17 September,all,Gravek,Princess Waifu Simulator.
,Recommended,251990,35033577,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,A great design that fuses visual novel with resource management sim
76561198003470342,Recommended,251990,35223101,Posted: 26 September,all,Morhem,"Its a game about making decisions, and every decision you make is a wrong one. Just like life.10/10 would die for being underprepared for war/ball/walk in the woods again. And probably again."
,Recommended,251990,34563786,Posted: 28 August,all,chinosarah,"I absolutely recommend this game, particularly to fans of Game of Thrones. Don't be decieved by the apperance this game is very difficult and you will probably die a few times before figuring out how to survive. A very rich world where your choices actually matter. Great for multiple playthroughs!"
,Recommended,251990,34430894,Posted: 22 August,all,Chaosette,10/10 amazing
76561198035561995,Recommended,251990,7637191,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,FolcaNight,"Very reminiscent of Gainax's Princess Maker but more fun, in my opinion.  You are placed in the role of an adolescent monarch-to-be who must dodge and weave her way to the crown, whilst maintaining her royal status through proper tutoring and by, hopefully, concealing any shortcomings.  Pitfalls and perils are many, however, and only the most astute training of your princess can lead to glory and power.  The game has a fairly well-conceived medieval fantasy setting, which means you can also study MAGIC!  With a multitude of choices to make, ranging from the mundane to the downright fiendish, the story can be different each time and there is the option of saving your story log after the game.  This is an excellent mix between Life Sim and RPG that I would higly recommend to any fans of either genre and, of course, any would-be princesses out there.  ;-)"
76561198015216311,Recommended,251990,34637077,Posted: 31 August,all,pinrut,Feels like playing Game of Thrones.
,Recommended,251990,34698772,Posted: 2 September,all,Salad Snack,So I must say. I was not expecting this game to pin you in a corner like it does. Out of the frying pan and into the fire is one thing this game does fantasticly. You avert a civl war only to be invaded by a foreign force shortly after. You survive a threat on the kingdom only to be challenged to a duel you are not skilled enough to win. The game knows how to exploit the skills you havent been developing as a Queen and use that against you. I finally won for the first time after save scumming many many times and finding the flawless tactic to get me through. All I can say is you will lose alot before you win your first time. Because it is not easy with the limited time for classes and skills required at times to survive. Overall though that adds an awesome and unique approach to this game that gives it a charm unlike any other game Ive played before. I would recommend.
,Recommended,251990,35241630,Posted: 27 September,all,Chocolatejunkieinabookshop,"It can get a little repetitive after a while, but there was a big gap in playing and I was just as interested when I came back to it. There are so many tiny little details that completely change the story. I'm also very good at dying the same way over and over again!"
,Recommended,251990,32345761,Posted: 11 June,all,MemeSoldier,"This game is a small treasure. The different deaths, prologues and achievements give this game high replay value and you simply can't play this through only once. The choices that you make don't matter in the end if you survive but different choices unlock different events (and possible achievements) . The visual novel style that this game follows is great. The text isn't too descriptive and boring but interesting and meaningful.tl;dr if you like animu princesses, different choices, kawaii art and interesting stories full of suprises (+ reading) then I recommend this. If the price scares you then buy it at a sale or smth."
76561198026510613,Recommended,251990,35301707,Posted: 29 September,all,[MEK] CrimsonBehelit,10/10 would queen again
76561198019425856,Recommended,251990,35438276,Posted: 3 October,all,Nekron,"Living to the end of the game is not a problem since you always get a choice and as long as you trained in major important skills you should be fine,the problem is winning the game how you want to win it and produce the Queen you want.This game if you have not master the mood to skill combo  will be for you constant stream of despspair where you and  your freinds will die and you will read again and again how everyone got horribly killed.This game is strangly calming for my heart and also hase pretty wast lore hidden in what you teaching the young lass.As some said this game is more akin to memory game and remembering where the routes diverge this game is not by any strech rougelikeMy only gripe with this game is that it should of have more artwork for important scenes and not just for one scene.I would have very much enjoyed seeing Main antagonist head being choped off or seeing queen destroy a fleet with her magic."
