user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025901669,Recommended,252030,7781491,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,IcyDemon,"Valdis Story: Abyssal City is one of the best games i've played so far, i've been so hooked on to it that i have yet to become bored of doing the game over and over, it feels like each playthrough is a challenge and the hardest difficulty which is unlocked after your first playthrough really puts your skills to the test.The storyline is quite a fun turn of events as neither hell or heaven is the good guy here!You start off on a ship with your crew then some giant monster comes and crashes your ship and you all sink and end up in Abyssal City which is deep under the sea, it turns out that you have been caught up in the middle of a war between angels and demons and your only way out is to battle your way through hordes of angels and demons as you search for your missing crew!Currently there are 2 playable characters out of 4 which will be available in an upcoming patch. The 2 currently available characters have very different playstyles, one of them is a monk which starts by using only fists while the other starts with a sword, both have their strengths and weaknesses which makes it really fun to play through the game a second time.I started out playing the swords man in the hardest difficulty and finished the game and it was quite rewarding as i had to put some effort in to it, later i decided i was going to try out the monk and oh my did i get a surprise, it was like playing a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT GAME! i died a couple of times to bosses here and there which i had considered mastered, but because of the different playstyle and spells it really shook me up and made me have another blast through the game!The game also features a leveling system and a talent tree system which is pretty rare for a sidescroller, it brings out allot of possibilities while leveling on what path you wish to take and what  stats you require for your skill tree... Want to be a MONK MAGE?! no problem... Want to be a barehanded swordsman!? again no problem... the game is very well built to give you the different options of choosing what ever path suites you best!The item system in the game is very pleasing, it's not to complex and not to simple, you will grind enemies along your travels and they will drop a variation of items for you, later in the game you will be able to use the items obtained to upgrade your weapons or armor as you see fit or even expand your mana or health pool.This really brought out the good old RPG feeling in me and made me want to try to obtain all the items in the game in my first playthrough, i then realised that there are some items in the game that are only obtainable from chests and you will have to think wisely before you upgrade your weapons or armors as you may not be able to upgrade any other weapon or armor in your current playthrough!While gliding through the game you will fight vicious bosses that will show you no mercy at all, you will struggle and enjoy the sensation of progressing them til you finally deliver the final blow! you will be required to try out various combinations of armors or spells in order to find out what the best possible way to kill the bosses are.Every boss in the game has some sort of weakness and it's yours to figure out!The game it self is well designed, the story is great, has beautiful graphics which are all hand drawn as well as amazing music that really puts you in the zone when fighting bosses or while you are exploring the world of Valdis Story!Pros:- Playable multiple times- Very fun combat system- Challenging boss fights- Multiple characters to choose from- Great leveling system with a unique leveling tree- Difficulties made to please the average player to hardcore player- Upgrading systemCons:- Map can be frustrating for beginners who have not played the game yet- You will become hooked to the game and not want to leave your computer!My Ratings:Graphics: 94/100Combat System: 91/100Storyline: 89:100Music: 95/100Overall: 92/100I highly recommend this game to everyone and if you have any questions, feel free to hit me up ontwitch.tv/icyd3moneven if im not streaming, i'm usually in the chat channel!"
76561198044533273,Recommended,252030,15699048,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Vicariouss,"Having to wait for what felt an eternity for this update i yet again find myself replying this game all over again. This has been my best purchase to date on steam and i dont say that lightly. i feel there is a real art to the fighting system in which sometimes through my frantic button bashing at times i hear in my head a little voice telling me ""what you just did there, was AWESOME"". My only problem with the game is it leaves me wanting to know so much more about the lore, the history of this game as the story itself is great, but leaves me asking more questions then i got answers. Not really something major with issues but its the characters you meet along the game that look interesting and quirky that make me feel that way. im begging for a sequel or even a prequel.Endless fluff if you do this for me i will get a tattoo of Wyatt in honour of this!"
,Recommended,252030,8419423,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,pH. mmSNAKE,"To me Castlevania: Symphony of the Night rates as #2 greatest game of all time, bested only by Unreal Tournament 2004. It started the entire metroidvania subgenre and made a rather large impact on many people, including me. This game is made by someone who no doubt shares great love of SotN and metroidvania in general. If you are one of those fans you don't need to read any further, this is as good as it gets, the finest metroidvania I played since SotN.For those not familiar, this game is set in a large two dimensional world where to progress to new areas you need to acquire keys and abilities (metroid style), but at the same time you procure new equipment, level up and specialize. The biggest strength of this game lies in it's combat system. This is a perfect mix of min max stat gameplay with skill based reactive 2d brawler. What this means is that you will have to take great care of how you invest your stat points, skill points what you upgrade, what you use and most importantly how well you understand and play the game. The combat system is simple at overlook: light attack, heavy attack, block, cancel dash and magic, but undrneeth there is a whole deep level that will make fans of stylish action games rejoice. There are lifters, slams, blocks, parries, force blocks, secret techniques, stealth, backstabs, criticals, magic oriented attacks, stuns,assists, crazy combos etc etc. In all honesty this game is rather overwhelming how much there is to the actual combat. To someone who invested time it's second nature but the sheer amount taken into consideration when creating a build for your character far exceeds what I ever thought a game like this would offer.Currently there are two characters (there will be two more with a forthcoming free update). Each character has their own three skill trees to spend points on. Each character has different weapons to use and completely different playstyles. There are four main stats (strength, agility, inteligence and luck), you get to put a point in this as well as picking a skill when leveling up. It opens up a tremendous amount of specialization and replaybility for each character. Upgrading gear needs to be done wisely because the materials needed are finite, and for certain item types you will only be able to upgrade one item to maximum (weapon for example). Choose wisely which weapon, armor or spell you upgrade.  Speaking of gear, everything is a sidegrade. There are no upgrades in this game, each piece of armor, accessory or even weapon is suited for a specific build or playstyle. Each armor has special properties and unique benefit. This alone expands the amount of possible play styles and builds significantly.The game's combat challange is done correctly. The more I play the better I am. I started and i would get thrashed by every boss I'd encounter, barely able to finish it. Now I'll get an S rank on every boss encounter(tip, better rank on bosses gives permenant stat increases). It feels like Devil May Cry or Ninja Gaiden, where the game teaches you the hard way to play well. On the other hand the platforming portion of the game is not so ideal. If I had any setbacks for this game it's that platforming does not work as well as combat does. Sure after some time it becomes trivial because you get used to it, but at first the platforming will be a chore, mostly because the way movement works. It's difficult to pinpoint your character, don't expect perfect pixel platformer controls like in Mega Man. Though after time it goes away and you learn it like it happened with the combat. A very minor setback to overall fantastic experience otherwise.So yes, I absolutely endorse this title. For the amount of replaybility and content this game offers, along with free future updates to come this game is an absolute steal even for it's full price. For you metroidvania fans, I swear you will get that feeling that SotN had you as you explored, grinded and fought in Dracula's castle. Just an absolute blast of a game."
,Recommended,252030,18553243,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,#NV,"'Go on warrior, your story shall be written in the corpses of your enemies.'Moira Goibniu__________________________________________Introduction'In a world where demons and angels fight each other it’s humanity that suffers as their souls get devoured by both sides to form their armies. There is no end for the war and only a small group of outcasts, renegades and cursed ones takes the adventure to stop this madness once and for all, not knowing what awaits them in heaven, hell and in between.'The story is more than just solid and comes up with different twists, fantastic ideas and a cast of crazy-but-interesting characters and leads the (Anti-)Hero(es) through a lot of different environments and areas. Exploring is truly satisfying as the player can explore a huge map with lots of dead ends, hidden items, forgotten treasures and several optional bosses and areas to stumble upon.The positive aspects go on with an exquisite design with a love for details, a great soundtrack and a surprisingly deep fighting system that allows the player to create some really badass battles. The level of difficulty is definitely quite high and even in 'Easy Mode' you will die a lot at first. Though as you progress you can see how you get stronger and better, creating long and devastating combos to annihilate hundreds of enemies in no time.There are four different characters with slight changes in the story and unique weapons, skills and attacks available, an additional 'Arena Mode', the insane 'Goibniu Mode' for the mad players and a deep character system with skill trees and lots of equipment options, weapons and spells. Your first run will need approximately 8 up to 10 hours but all the different characters, hidden secrets, the difficulty levels, a ranking system, the leaderboards as well as some quite hard achievements can keep the fun up for a long time. Especially as there are several viable builds per character, e.g. a „Minion & Dark Magic“ Vladyn or a „Shot’em up“ version with focus on his Shotgun and Agility, or how about a „100 Demon Arm (Melee)“ build? Fight the enemies the way you prefer it.__________________________________________ConsCertainly there is also some shadow among all this light, but from my point of view all the negative points can be listed quite shortly: the variety of enemies could have been bigger, the difficulty changes sometimes to a quite frustrating level and some platforming passages are annoyingly difficult and require perfect timing – but all this is complaining on a level that most games I’ve played have never achieved.__________________________________________ConclusionFrom my point of view this game is a hidden gem that really shines brightly among so many average titles as it showed me how wrong several of the prejudices for Indie games (e.g. lack of polishing, mediocre gameplay elements, missing updates and abandonment from the devs…) can be: Some superb Metroidvania-mechanics with lots of areas and content get combined with an 'Easy to learn but hard to Master‘-fighting system, deep RPG elements and an interesting story with likeable characters. This is a fantastic overall package that entertained me for more than 60 hours, but there is still enough stuff left to do for several more runs in the future.Definitely at least an 8.5 out of 10 - and in regard to the fact that all of this was created by only two persons and it brings honor to a genre long forgotten by the huge publishers I’ll happily add another bonus point (…Yes, I absolutely love this game!) and recommend it for everyone who likes some good 2D-Action-RPG full of fighting and exploring – just like in the good old times with lots of Metroidvanias."
,Recommended,252030,7716325,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Yakubi,"It's like a combination of Dark Souls and Metroidvania!  A side scrolling action game with RPG elements and an occasional wicked difficulty curve.  There was one boss I encountered that I spent two hours on, memorizing patterns and learning how to exploit gaps in their attack pattern.  I whittle them down one sliver of health at a time... it was great.  Of course, I then watched somebody wreck that same boss in 30 seconds at a lower level then I was thanks to careful planning and exploitation of their abilities!  So it's a game with lots of depth, and it will give you whatever you want to put into it."
76561198019863179,Recommended,252030,32247245,Posted: 7 June,all,Dusk225,"I recommend this game wholeheartedly. BUT MAN IS IT HARD! Seriously, even on Normal I'm having trouble. Maybe it's just that I suck at platformers or beat 'em ups, but regardless, it's hard. You really need to learn to dodge and parry, much like Dark Souls, which it kind of reminds me of on the difficulty spectrum. I'd recommend it if you're into games like Super Metroid/Castlevania and Final Fantasy, though. On a side-note, it reminds me very much of the old GBA games I grew up with, with the art style and the music featured in it."
76561197991226051,Recommended,252030,14474993,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sigil,I NEED MORE! Its rare nowadays to find games that have real difficulty which can be overcome with developed skill.  I Wish more games would combine RPG mechanics with great skill based combo fighting systems.
76561197993615104,Recommended,252030,15689185,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,"Goose Whimsey, PhD","I played this for about 25 hours on my son's computer (i wanted to try to beat the game, but i didnt)One of the most well thought out, and well put together ""metroidvania"" games on PC i've ever played. The devs are dedicated to their project, and you can fell the passion they put into the game. I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,252030,9968272,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,thePoark,"The game says I'm at around the ~60% completion mark at about 6 hours in; I feel I've had enough exposure to at least make a Yes/No recommendation.  While there are certainly some frustrating elements of the design (which I'll list out below), I couldn't help but feel compelled to keep playing, albeit it after a little break.  All-in-all, to draw a topical analogy, I keep thinking of the game as ""Dark Souls-vania""; feels like a Metroidvania style game, with difficult (but often fair) enemies, and often unexplained elements.Personal Cons List(with objective commentary):-- Not much indication of where to go.  This often lead to retreading the same areas over again hoping to find the little thing I missed the first couple of times (to advance the story/progression), etc.-- -- The map seems arbitrarily color-coded (though I imagine there's some logic to it, that's not explained in any way that I noticed in the game).-- -- The very brief ""objective"" listed on the on-screen minimap has no context, and there is often no way to have NPCs, who just explained some cryptic event you need to particpate in to advance, repeat themselves of that key information.-- Stumbled into some seemingly impossible boss fights that I'd later discover were optional (and had to load my game out of to ""recover"").-- Encountered a brutally difficult ""escape"" sequence in the game that was on a timer -- it was so easy to fall/be blocked into a pit that could be rendered inescapable, that I'd either have to let myself get killed, or wait for the 80-second timer to countdown before I could retry again -- this took me several (probably 6?) attempts before I made it through.  Was extremely frustrating.-- -- I see what the designer was going for, but being pushed into a pit withnoway out, forced to suicide/wait felt like poor design.  At the same time, I could've very well gotten lucky on my first attempt, and never thought anything of it... but I just got stuck in one of those ruts where I kept failing over and over again, and it took a lot out of me.-- There's a little climbing animation whenever you grab the ledge of a platform/wall, which feels a little lengthy.  The locked animation frames remove your control for a period of time that can sometimes be frustrating when you're trying to navigate the environments over and over again, especially when there are enemies in ""strategic"" places that seem positioned ONLY to knock you off of them -- frequently.-- I'm personally having a hard time following the story.  It's all dialogue-driven, so keeping track of all of the various odd-sounding names and places can feel a little overwhelming sometimes.  There are times when events or dialogue feels so abstract that I can't tell if I just encountered a random secondary scene, or if the main story is progressing.-- The menus / interface feel a little clunky, but are servicable.-- -- The focus meter has nice little light particle effects that shower into the screen -- this is sometimes distracting, as I think something is happening in the world, then realize it's just the interface.  Distracts me more often than I would expect...Personal Pros List(with objective commentary):-- I find the combat to be fun, deep, and reasonably responsive (in terms of controls).  There are definitely some engaging combat systems in the game -- which, after several hours, I finally feel like I have some control over.-- -- There are some cases of personal frustration when I get locked into a juggle or a damage loop where I lose control, but invoking my ""skill cancel"" ability often seems to get me out of it -- not always, but it helps.  There were a number of times where I got stuck in a damage / locked animation loop only to die because I couldn't regain control.-- Seems to be good potential for replayability with the multiple characters and, from what I've seen, nuanced differences in the story for each.  I started a second game, and played the monk character for about 60 minutes, which did immediately feel different in combat, and seemed to have a good number of unique spells available as well.-- There are some interesting exploration / backtracking mechanics (in the vain of a Metroidvania game).  Even though I do end up having to sometimes arbitrarily explore while trying to happen upon the next objective/event, there do seem to be enough games that I found myself discovering something previously blocked often enough that my interest doesn't wane too quickly.-- The spell system is interesting, though a bit cumbersome when it comes to changing stuff.  You can hold RT+B to get access to a paused ""quick menu"" for adjusting spells, which is useful, but you do end up having to scroll through up to 6 spells in each of four categories to change things around -- can feel a little jarring, especially when some of those spells really don't get used often (if they have a specific utility, etc.).  However, the variety and functionality in spells is cool and interesting -- I do find myself mixing it up fairly often to make good use of all those tools, so having to switch this way, while annoying at times, is usually worthwhile.  However, getting stuck repeating a boss fight until you learn the patterns means having to adjust to the desired combination of spells each time you start anew.Anyway, I think that's about it.  I do plan on continuing and hopefully finishing this game.  I wouldn't call myself talented at games, though I've been playing for a long time, so I would say I'm skilled.  In most games, I tend to pick one difficulty higher than ""Normal"", which is about where I usually feel comfortable -- right amount of challenge, etc.  This game I'm playing on Normal, and I find it brutally difficult in places.  There are bosses I've had to try a half-dozen times before getting the patterns and puzzle figured out to win, but it did feel fairly satisfying (and relieving) to do so.  Those are the moments when the game felt so akin to Dark Souls.  :)"
,Recommended,252030,32632833,Posted: 21 June,all,Mint,"This is perhaps one of my favorite indie games. I've reccomended it to atleast 10 people now, and I figure I should write a short official review here. It's a cool game where you can play as two characters starting out, and an additional extra two after you beat it. Each character has their own slight variations to the story, but for the most part it's the same. Each character plays radically different and is enjoyable, although some of them will require more knowledge of the game to play as best you can.The game is a Metroidvania kind of game, and had leveling. Every level up you have stat points and skill points for your skill tree. This allows for every character to be played several different ways, and really adds a lot of playthrough to the game.There are several different difficulties, but the real challenge comes from getting S rank on every boss. That's right, every boss has a scoring system. You will get three scores which create an overall final score. You get ranked for your damage without getting hit ratio, a score for how fast you beat the enemy, and a score for using potions. So you're encouraged to beat the boss as efficiently as possible. Try not to get hit, try to beat the enemy fast, and try not to use potions. You're going to want to do your best because you get bonuses for each different rating, and getting a high rating early on will help you out later on when you fight the really hard bosses.Really, there's no reason to not atl;east try this game. There is a free demo availible online here:http://www.valdisstory.com/downloadI played the demo first for myself because I was skeptical. The game was an indie game, and I couldn't really be sure if the reviews were legitimate or not, because often times you'll find joke reviews or people biased because no one who disliked the game bothered to review it. Trust me though, if you like Metroidvanias or getting sick combos like in Devil May Cry, you owe it to yourself to check out this game and see how much fun you you can get out of it."
,Recommended,252030,12728614,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,❆Frozelar,"In summary, this game is so much fun and so impressive that I can't recommend it more.I played through this game once, and MAN did I love it.  There are so many different styles of play: rush in like a barbarian, use melee attacks, take time to plan things out, use magic, attack from a distance, run away in fear, or any combination of those.  The gameplay is so well made and the design so spot-on that there was never a dull moment.  There's quite a lot of optional paths and bosses too.  I really like how whether or not you defeat certain optional bosses determines what happens later in the game.  Some of them change the story, some change the ending, and some even change how future bosses act.  Plus the bosses were all unique and unbelieveably intense.It's a really pretty game, too.And don't even get me started on the music.Ooooh god, the music.  It's so good.  I legitimately feel that this game has my favorite soundtrack of any game I've ever played.  Zack Parish is now my God.  I've never bought a video game soundtrack before, but I HAVE to buy this one.I did notice that if there was more than one or two lasers on-screen at once, and during the final boss, I would experience framerate issues, but I also had a recording software running, and I'm sure everything would've been smooth if I hadn't been recording.  In the end, I turned down the graphical settings for the final boss (which is a super intense experience and takes a little while to beat) and everything was fine.  I have a really hard time saying that this is any fault of the game, but I wouldn't know.As I mentioned above, I did play through this game on YouTube(youtube.com/Frozelar), if you'd like to see some more gameplay before buying it.  I really hate to self-advertise but maybe it'll give people a better idea of just how great the game is before they buy it.Easily my favorite Let's Play of all time.  Looking forward to playing through it again.  And possibly again and again and again."
,Recommended,252030,11679310,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Kzar,"Ever since I got into ametuer game design myself about 5-6 years ago, I always wanted to make a game that combined some of my favourite genres: Platformer, Action/Adventure and RPG (with a little touch of Fighting a la Smash Bros). Monsters, bosses, weapons, party members, stores, collectibles and TIGHT combat controls. Obviously, since games are hard to make (let along by yourself) that never happened. But I would happen across Valdis Story, which I think is the closest I've ever seen a game be to my ""dream game."" Side scrolling action platforming at its finest since Symphony of the Night! If you liked SoTN or any of the other Metroidvania games (including Metroid itself) you will highly enjoy this game just like I did. Fun bosses, high skill cap and rewards the skilled with bonouses from bosses encouraging you to learn the bosses' patterns and improve yourself.  After you beat the game your first time, why not play again? On a harder difficulty? And its not just the numbers that get harder with the difficulties either, some bosses mechanically change in terms of how they are fought (albiet minorly, but still) and the best part is, THIS GAME ISNT EVEN DONE YET. There is more to come! It's good enough as it is, but knowing that there are other characters and items and possibly bosses planned in future updates just makes me rock hard. GG EndlessFluff. You did good.VLADYN AND GILDA PATCH UPDATE:The final two characters have been added and a total of 4 new bosses with some new and remixed areas make the game still pretty fresh for those of use that have played it a bunch until this point. The game supports 16 different saves now to compensate for the new characters allowing you to essentially have 4 saves for each characters if you want.Vladyn is SUPER FUN to play, he is now my favourite character taking the place of Reina. He is the only primary ranged character is the game and it makes everything so different and fresh. Gilda is really complex but can be VERY rewarding if you play her correctly. Many bosses are weak to a certain element and all of Gilda's attacks utilize each of the elements in a substantial way meaning you can really exploit bosses weaknesses if you play it right. For example, Magus takes MAD damage from poison, up to and probably beyond 250 PER TICK, which is a LOT of damage believe me. She also starts out with a double jump when everyone else needs to wait a while until they get access to it allowing her to grab some items and equipment early.The new bosses are all very challenging and interesting and the new areas have interesting mechanics as well that I felt added to the challenge in a good way rather than being cheap.All in all, this update added a LOT of great stuff and I am still VERY happy with my purchase. GG EndlessFluff. You did good. (again)"
,Recommended,252030,15684250,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gankaare,"Very fluent combat. The more times you play through it, the more rewarding it becomes. I highly recomend to play on God Slayer difficulty. Just get this game, honestly."
,Not Recommended,252030,8642976,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,VictorVonDoom,"This is a Metroidvania style action-adventure with an emphasis on combat, crafting, and RPG elements.PROS:- Fast-paced, fluid action- Solid controls- Great animation and visuals- Lots of unique skills to learn- Lots of items/weapons/gear- Great music- Engaging story- Lots of allied NPCsCONS:- Insane difficulty spikes when facing certain bosses- All enemies become stronger/more skilled as you level up, effectively dulling the impact of levelling altogether- Hazards and enemies often trap you in stunlock while your health is whittled away- Timed platforming segments are incredibly frustratingThat last point is my major problem with Valdis Story, and it was enough to discourage me from playing anymore.  The player is frequently required to traverse gauntlets of environmental hazards, narrow moving platforms, crumbling footholds, relentless attacking enemies, and strictly-timed doors in order to progress and/or obtain certain items, all without committing a SINGLE mistake or mistimed action, otherwise it's back to square one all over again.The design of these segments often requires several repetitions to pass (on the order of dozens, in some cases), and more often than not saps all forward momentum from the experience.  I'm all for a good platforming challenge, but one that takes 15-30 solid minutes to complete through arduous trial-and-error seems woefully misplaced in what is otherwise a stellar, fast-paced adventure game.Not to mention the rewards for completing these platforming challenges don't seem to adequately compensate the effort involved in obtaining them (either it's a rare material that can be found elsewhere as an enemy drop, or it's an armor item that I most likely won't wear, because the one I already have fits my playstyle just fine).I really want to be able to recommend this game; the love and attention to detail invested in it are plainly evident.  But the frustration bred by all the awful timed platforming bits totally disrupts this game's rhythm, and if you're anything like me, you'll soon find yourself avoiding the game to save yourself the headache."
76561197985072747,Recommended,252030,8557263,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,Genre - Fantasy 2D Platform/Action/RPGThis game is brilliant. It is single player but gives you a large world to explore. You have items to craft and spells to choose. You will find the combat both fun and rewarding. It has a Japnese anime feel to it. It is much like Rogue Legacy but without the Rogue element.
76561198151577312,Recommended,252030,17904506,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mithalan Mithrarin,"This game has almost everything I've ever wanted in a videogame.Truly a legendary indie game, and an amazing RPG Metroidvania.The art is great, the music if fantasic, the story is wonderful, and the gameplay is amazing.Worth every penny for completionists out there."
,Recommended,252030,23909543,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SwordSaint,"An action-oriented Metroidvania that heavily rewards mastery, encouraging replayability.The game is fairly difficult, but players that aren't willing to learn how to actually play don't give it a fair shake.Having four characters and multiple weapons for each allows you to try out a multitude of fighting styles.Overall a very fun game, provided you take the effort to get good at it."
76561198026759679,Recommended,252030,32793333,Posted: 25 June,all,flyfox65,"8/10This game in an indie gem.Pros:-Tons of replayability-RPG elements done righ, lots of ways to build and customize your player to suit different play styles. skill trees, stat allocation, and equipment choices all work well together to build synergy.-interesting upgrade and crafting system for your weapons and armor.-Good amount of well made metroidvania exploration.-Multiple playable characters each with their own takes on the story and style of combat.-Rewarding, deep, and fun combat on the whole.-Really nice 2D visuals-Good soundtrack and sound design on the whole.-Challenging difficulty. The standard difficulty is daunting in and of itself for a new player, with multiple higher difficulties if you choose.-Fun and rewarding combo/boss ranking system. Performing well in combat will yeild extra rewards for your character. These can be anything from extra experience points  to additional stats for your character.-Extra score based challenge modes with a leader board system (if you're into that sort of thing)Cons:-Game is on the short side, first playthrough took me about 10 hours, but the other characters and challenge modes mostly make up for this.-Some bosses or enemy combinations can make the combat feel cheap at times, but this didn't detract much from the overall experience-Platforming controls are occasionally a problem. This game has a number of difficult time based platforming sections, the controls can sometimes compound the difficulty, but this is more of an exception than a rule. Specifically ledge grabing and jumping from ledges can be a bit wonky. This is particularly notable in the electric stage. I've got about 100 hours on the game at this point and there are parts of this level that still give me trouble.-RPG elements are a bit restricted. Your character normally maxes out at level 20, as a result you are only given 20 skill points and 20 stat points to allocate as you see fit. This is more of a personal gripe and doesn't actually take away from the experience.-Somewhat limited variety in terms of enemy types. You'll see the same 15-20 types of enemies through out the majority of the game. The enemies do gain abilities as you progress through the game, and they will change slightly depending on the area that you find them in. (For instance the poison type demons will have different behavior from their fire based cousins) This wasn't much of a problem for me personally, but more variety would have been nice-Relatively small number of environments to explore. There are only a handful of backgrounds/area's in the game. The designs themselves are great, and the level layouts/design on the whole is top notch, but the lack of variety is a bit disappointing.-The story isn't particularly strong. I personally enjoyed the story and the way it was told, but it's not a defining feature of the game for me. You'll be able to tell what's going on with out looking much into it, but some of the better parts of the story are content gated. If you really want to get a full showcase of the world and it's lore you'll have to do some reading in the lore catelogue, collect some well hidden items,  as well as beat the game on the hardest difficulty with every character. I enjoy this type of mechanic, but it's worth mentioning if you're the completionist type you might miss out on some of the story.-crafting system can be a bit grindy. Because the crafting system relies on items that you've found in chests/looted from dead enemies, you might not always have the items you need to change your equipment in the way you want. Drop rates are low and the RNG elements are inconsistent. Certain items only exist in limited quantity which forces you to make choices on how to use them, which ultimately results in a little less gameplay variety.Overall a fantastic indie title worth the small entrance price. Take the level design of a metroidvania title, throw in the platforming from a megaman X title, then add the combat of a super nintendo beat em' up title on steroids and you'll get valdis story. If you're a fan of retro gaming in any capacity, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,252030,33528574,Posted: 13 July,all,Alejandro4891,"Despite being able to overly simplify this game's main story, the dialogue, texts, and overall rich detail lets you know a lot of thought went into this game's lore. You realize that events have occurred prior to the start of this game and that isn't always the case with video games. It's almost as if the past is just as important as the present in this game.Honestly, this is all apparent as you play through the game, but at times its approach requires you to actively seek out texts/knowledge of the game's lore. This isn't too appealing to me, I'd rather just concentrate on the gameplay and if something stood out to me, I'd look it up online. Who knows, maybe this is something you're interested in so it'll just contribute to your overall enjoyment of this game, but if it doesn't, the game is diverse enough to keep you entertained.The level design in this game is noteworthy because very few of them look the same, they're all more or less interconnected and they all offer a unique experience that greatly differs from what has been previously encountered. What's also great about them is the different background music that's played depending on which area you're in. Some games have problems with this by having music that's either too repetitive or intrusive. The thing about this music is that besides being diverse, it's not distracting or boring, it just adds to the overall experience.One thing that's almost immediately noticeable about VSAC is the amount of variety that's offered. Not only with the level design, but with the combat, magic system, enemies, and music. All of this is done in such a way that you can tell a lot of thought went into this game. I'm not exactly sure of what the other playable characters are capable of, due to having only played with the warrior class, but even with that one character there's a lot of possibilities.With the warrior class, your attacks primarily consists of sword combat that is easy to utilize, but difficult to master. The combat is difficult to master because it's combo based and it's to your advantage to create long chains of attacks. Not all combos you learn will work against every enemy you encounter so It takes a bit of practice/creativity, but the longer/more diverse your combos are, the more damage you will inflict.  At the same time, trying to keep combos in mind isn't always possible. At times, the combat becomes quite hectic and you will more or less end up button mashing in an attempt to overcome the situation at hand or you'll stick to the combos that you feel work best, it can sometimes be repetitive.Besides the basic sword attacks, you also have around five different types of magic that each consist of four individual spells. For the most part, this magic is used to heal, damage, and help you navigate through specific areas of the game. It may sound odd, but the usage of magic really helps when you're playing as the warrior character. I endlessly found myself in situations where I had to rely on my spells to heal myself and it was invaluable when used as part of my combos against enemies.At this point I'm sure that I've already mentioned how this game has variety in more ways than one, but this is also showcased through the enemies/bosses you encounter. Boss battles are an important part of this game and you will encounter many as you progress through it. It's important to note that alongside being numerous, the bosses are also diverse. There are a slight amount of bosses that require you to beat them more than once, but they are all different. Not only through their appearance, but also with their attack patterns/damage they deal. Their attack patterns are important because through memorizing them, it's how you determine the best way to beat the bosses.The difficult boss battles weren't the only things that bothered me. Despite being a great game, it's not perfect and I have a few complaints about it. I keep repeating myself by stating how diverse/variety filled this game is, but at times this variety isn't really useful. The game has an item/crafting system, but overall it seems unnecessary. You can go through most of the game without needing extra items or armor and it's only in extreme situations that you need to upgrade your gear/purchase something. I feel that it's not as useful as it could be because most of the necessary items can be picked up/found as you traverse the many locations found in this game and your playstyle can make having to upgrade your equipment unnecessary.Speaking of many locations, there's a lot to see/visit in this game. The problem with that is how once you're done with these levels, you'll still need to visit them because they are sometimes connected to other areas. My problem with this is that there's no real fast travel system. There's a tram system that will allow you to travel to the three main ""towns"" found in the game, but within those towns there are other areas that aren't always near the tram system. It can get annoying having to travel long distances from location to location and it's not always easy. It's not easy to travel because the game lacks a large world map and it only has a map of the specific area you're currently in. If the game had a large world map, I'm sure it would've been easier to locate/travel to the areas where you needed to be.A continuation of the previously mentioned problem is not being clearly told what your objectives require of you. The game regularly updates a small message found within the map screen that lets you know what your current objective is, but the problem is that for this main objective to be completed, you will unknowingly have two or more smaller objectives to deal with. This can be problematic because it leads to a lot of back tracking that will just result in lost time until you figure out what you need to do.One positive that can arise from the endless backtracking in this game is discovering how many optional areas there are. They're done in such a way that it doesn't feel like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to add more playtime to the game. At the same time, I feel as if the inclusion of these optional areas can be problematic. Like most of the other areas found in this game, they consist of many enemies/bosses to kill. While this can be viewed as a good thing because it'll lead to leveling up/finding rare items, I feel as if it's counterintuitive due to there being a low max level. I know that there has to be a max level because endless leveling up isn't possible, but with the many possibilities for grinding, you'd think the max level would harder to reach.I previously mentioned that this game's character animations are quite fluid, but this really isn't the case with all of the game's controls and they're not as smooth as they can be. Being a 2D metroidvania, you can expect for there to be quite a bit of platforming and by its very definition this will consist of a lot of jumping. However, in this game it lacks mobility and if timed incorrectly, it could lead to damage or unintentionally landing elsewhere.Along with the jumping, the dashing also wasn't as smooth as it could be. Maybe the game's designer(s) wanted to do something different, but other games have done a better job with the dashing mechanic. Most games will consist of rapidly pressing down twice in the direction you wish to dash, but in VSAC you either press down + the direction you want to dash to or precisely press down on the left/right+ down at the same time.Overall, I enjoyed VSAC and recommend it. My complaints towards it aren't awful and while slightly taking away from the experience, they don't make the game unplayable, it's still a worthwhile experience."
76561197969815123,Recommended,252030,18577585,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,theBIGsalad,"It's very rare for me to go back and play a game for a second full playthrough, but thats exactly what I've done with Valdis Story.My first playthrough of the game was more than enough to justify a full price purchase of the game, but the most recent update that was pushed out in August is just icing on the cake.  With so many unfulfilled promises that have been thrown to us by developers, its quite refreshing to see one that actually delivers on their word.The highlights of the update are the 2 new playable characters, new zones, and the addition of arena mode.  I should also add that the gameplay experience felt completely different between both of the characters that i tried.  The difference was noticeable enough that I may consider playing it for a 3rd, or even 4th, time!  If you are a fan of the genre and have not played this game yet, you are doing yourself a horrible disservice.This is EASILY one of the best Metroidvania games on Steam, and perhaps one of the best of all time imo...10/10 - have played again, and will most likely play even more"
,Recommended,252030,7810106,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,mayonnaise,"Great artwork, fantastic combat system and challenging bosses. Story could have been better. Overall, would definitely recommend."
76561198063522677,Recommended,252030,22301288,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kuromori,A fantastic side scrolling adventure in the spirit of Super Metroid and Castlevania. Especially the art and music are fantastic.
,Recommended,252030,8792142,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mekh,"If you enjoy Metroidvania games then this is definitely for you, the game is really fun to play!Story is alright, nothing mind blowing but it kept me interested. I personally had the most fun trying to figure out all the different boss patterns, and it feels pretty satisfying when you do finally manage to kill one of them after a certain number of retries.Don't expect the higher difficulties in this game to be easy, they are actually quite tough(which is a good thing!)I got used to the default controls fairly quick and ran into no issues with them. That said if you don't like them both keyboard and gamepad is fully rebindable. (Worth noting that I played through the game with a wired Xbox 360 controller.)I did run into one minor bug at one point during a cutscene before a boss battle took place and had to reset to my last save (there is always a save shrine near the boss area so it wasn't a big deal.) But other than that I experienced no other bugs whatsoever.The soundtrack for this game is really good, my favorite has to be the music that plays during the Frozen Crypts level, it's sooo good.Overall, good game, good soundtrack, solid controls and tons of fun!"
76561198026970286,Not Recommended,252030,8570441,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Wings of Ouroboros,"(Quick note: my playtime displays as 0 hours because I played this game offline. It is actually about 10 hours.)While I am generally a sucker for Metroidvania games, this one fell short for me. It has all the makings of an excellent game, but its unreliable mechanics and punishing design are often too much for it.It's too bad; Valdis Story looks like it might be amazing from the start. Everything you see is lovely- the environments and enemies are beautifully designed, and aside from a few really ugly characters (just look at Wyatt's perpetual insomniac face), the human sprites are up there too.Likewise, the music and sound design are equally lovely, if a tiny bit generic. And from the initial story hints the characters drop, you sense that a decent amount of creativity went into the story. So artistically speaking, the potential is there.But the mechanics don't bear it out. And I could make a bullet-point list of every aspect I find frusrtating, but it can basically be summarized thusly: this is not a true Metroidvania game because it wants you to perform and fight instead of explore. It wants to see how fast you can platform and how many infinite stun-lock combos you can dodge, but cares very little about discovery. I can think of no successful title in the genre that has taken this route, and there's a reason for that. The core impulse of Metroidvania games is exploration. Take that away, and it's just an awkward, ill-conceived juxtaposition of a platformer and a fighter.So, will you get worthwhile secrets to find? No, you'll get infinite tiny crafting items hidden behind frustrating timed switches. Will you get a decent map to explore the world with? No, you'll get a rather pale substitute that only shows your local surroundings with no way to check what you missed or unlocked in other places. Distinct, compelling upgrades? No, just keys. Well, maybe at least some decent battles?No, you don't really get that either. At first I thought the game was just challenging enough, asking a lot of me but never being unfair, but Valdis Story quickly deviates from that. There are just too many eccentricities of the combat system. For instance, why is it that everything is trying to stun-lock you into long combos that gouge out half or more of your health at once, even on the lowest difficulty? Why are enemies placed on ledges sometimes near-impossible to approach as they repel you with instantaneous, unblockable attacks? Why does being hit cause you to fall completely helplessly until you hit the ground? Can you imagine trying to play a Metroid game if Samus tumbled like a ragdoll every time an attack grazed her? It wouldn't be much fun. Most fights wind up feeling that way after the first couple of hours- a chore, not a thrill, especially since enemies only drop the most banal, meaningless ""loot."" When every crafting recipe requires 8-10 different types of ingredients, a single bar of steel feels almost worthless.But, truth be told, I might have put up with this if the story was proving to be half-decent. This game's approach to storytelling is, in many ways, the inverse of Cave Story's: it dumps hundreds of little insignificant worldbuilding details on you, but never constructs anything meaningful out of them. About ten hours in, a village elder is polite enough to give you a staggering exposition dump; this is the first time the plot shows up. And it is not much of a plot. You're trying to find a relic of power before the other two factions. That's it. There you go. All that talk of angels and demons and the goddess Abghababa and freeing humanity literally comes down to that. Again, there's visible creativity at work here, but it's scattered and misdirected. You can read all about the individual ranks of demon and angel in the lore entries, but none of it is ever put together in a way that matters. And frankly, it's all just half-baked enough to make me feel silly reading about it.There's some interplay of light and dark going on, which is normally another thing I am an absolute sucker for, but it, too, is absolutely meanigless. It might have some obscure gameplay impact, but mostly it just makes your outline glow red or blue. And the ease with which you switch from dark to light serves to undermine any meaning or finality that your choice of alignments might have had. And the game barely indicates what the light/angelic side and dark/demonic side even represent. Perhaps it wants you to just assume that they stand for their absolute most generic interpretations.And the story was not a selling point for me- but you need to get either gameplay or story right to keep me going. Valdis Story got neither.But, if you've stuck with me this far, let me tell you what actually made me put down the game- what made me finally give up on it. It wasn't the story or the combat, as such. It was when the game offered me a choice- upon defeating a boss, spare him or finish him off. I chose to spare him, curious as to what would happen. And what happened is that the game punished me for it with a nearly-unwinnable boss fight.You're meant to fight a demon captain of some sort (you've met him before by this point, but again, he's just a little sack of details and backstory with no clear relevance to anything), and he's already challenging enough with his massive waves of minions and irritating dash-spam. But no, as punishment for letting that earlier boss live, the game throws him into this battle, too. He's a member of the angel faction, so I figured it would just be an interesting three-way fight. But instead, both sides focus on you and only you. They make only the most half-hearted attempt to attack each other, and they each summon their own legion of minions. And then, whichever boss you kill first, the other gains back all his health and gets powered up, Smaug and Ornstein style. (Except Dark Souls had the depth and refinement to back it up.)Given the game's strong tendency towards stun-locking you, a screen full of minions and bosses all focused on you is not a good situation. I did beat the battle by using exploitative techniques, but it shattered any illusions of immersion I might have had. because A: your choices don't have logical or interesting outcomes in this world. B: for all that talk of angels and demons fighting, they really are just sprites on the screen who only know to attack you. And C: the whole fight reeks of an attempt at being climactic, but it just doesn't MATTER. Who are these people? Why do I care? All I've done is fetch items for village elders. I would just as soon run from the boss fight because fighting this stooge means nothing to me.But just take note of this, guys: sure, if you want to make choices meaningful, then yes, they have to have consequences. But this was an utterly arbitrary, meaningless decision made without any context. And its consequences were almost too harsh to overcome. This is the WRONG way to offer choices to a player. It does nothing for them.I guess that almost sums up my feelings on Valdis Story. It's trying to do all the right things, but with no understanding of how they should work. It has a concept and a backstory, but no ability to hold a plot together. It has complex combat mechanics, but not the refinement to make them satisfying. It has rooms and hidden items and upgrades, but implements them in a way that makes the very thought of trying to explore this world unpalatable. (If I see one more timed switch...)So I cannot recommend this game in good faith. If you want a Metroidvania game, go play Cave Story instead. Or Dust AET, if you  want something that feels kind of similar to this except done better. (Its plot is a bit wishy-washy too, but at least it isn't obnoxious.) Or really, play conceivably anything, but don't play Valdis Story."
,Recommended,252030,8703395,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Tolain,"I had to really work at liking this game, and almost ragequit at least half a dozen times before I finished. I did like it enough to finish, but there's almost equal parts really fun verses stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  I would probably recommend it to metroidvania fans who've played most other stuff in the genre, or people who like fighting games, but maybe not most casual fans just yet.It does a few things well: Most combat is executed well and is more challenging than most games in the genre. The stage design and art is nice, and the music is pretty great. Combat feels much more satisfying than stuff like Dust: An Elysian Tale  or Castlevania: SoTN most of the time, because it's pretty precise in how it makes you block, dodge and parry, and it feels more like a 2d character action game in that regard.But where it missed the mark for me it was almost enough to quit it before the end.  The first thing you need to know to enjoy this game is that the ""cancel"" skill is absolutely critical. Everything in this game hits you with irritating status effects like freezing you, poisoning , and most annoyingly, enemies often juggle you into the air constantly, and even the most slight of grazes inflict a really annoying knockback. To some people that will be part of the charm, but I got sick of that♥♥♥♥♥♥back when 8-bit was still all the rage. I had cases where I was juggled like a ping pong ball across the screen, and inflicted with every status under the sun in the process. This was usually combined with precision platforming of some sort. I hate losing control of my character like that, and it is one of my personal nerdrage triggers. There's no invincibility frame after you get hit, so you just keep getting juggled until you use the all-important cancel skill. Learn it early and use it often. Also, remap it because for 3/4 of the game I had it on the default ""down"" and this made it pretty hard to play.The other thing I hate is that I don't feel like the diablo2 style skill trees were done well. They locked really basic abilities like parrying behind skill points, so if you decided to go up the offense tree or magic verses defensive, you missed out on that ability. I just kind of feel like that's something I should have from the start rather than having to spend multiple level-ups in a specific tree to get.Controls is the final gripe I have. I feel like I usually master controls in games pretty fast, but I was fighting with them the entire game. Switching magic was super cumbersome, and you had to stop and change basic moves like double jump or ice pillar in a menu to access new areas, then switch back to your preferred spells when you're done and then probably 20 seconds later you run into a situation where you need to use a mobility spell again. equipping and unequipping items on the fly was also pretty terrible. During the last boss fight I had an item that drained life but did high damage on the boss, but it was filled with lots of mooks I had to kill, so I had to constantly go into the menu and equip/unequip things, and they somehow even made that a chore, since I had to navigate across the equip menu every time to remove an item. Ledge controls are a whole 'nother can of worms that people need to really practice, because they're counter-intuitive, but pretty precise.So: The good is that it's a cool, challenging metroidvania with passable aesthetics. The bad is that there is some seriously annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥that may or may not bother you depending on your tolerances for platforming and the controls and menus. I think it's worth a shot if you like metroidvanias. If you don't, I would maybe play something more accessible, first."
76561198064320788,Not Recommended,252030,8522106,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Azurean,"This game aims to be challenging, but doesn't give you the tools to make this challenge fair. Timed platforming puzzles require extreme precision and perfect execution with mechanics such as dash cancel, jump, walljump and platform hanging which are very unreliable, to not say random. You have to fight enemies on tiny platforms but you make a huge step forward every time you swing your sword. Every time an enemy coughs in your general direction, you're stunned for an absurd amount of time, so if there are several enemies (or worse, a flamethrower) any hit will lead to a stunlock, then death.You can block a boss' special attack from front four times in a row, but the fifth time it might count as if you were hit from behind (which means extra damage and stun, thus death) because the hitboxes are glitchy. Speaking of hitboxes, sometimes you jump over a projectile and still get hit because hitboxes are much bigger than the visuals. I could go on, there are dozens of nitpicks that make the game feel really unpolished. You can't expect perfection from players if your game doesn't respond perfectly itself.Among other problems, the map doesn't show any useful information (doors, treasures, shops, save points...) so navigating is really tedious, a major flaw for a Metroidvania game. The skills seem unbalanced, I had a lot of trouble with bosses until I unlocked perfect guard, then they became really easy (but still very long ; a boss took me over 20 minutes because of his ridiculous HP bar and teleport spam).On a positive note, the art (sprites and music) are really nice. Way too many recolors though, there are only about 10-15 different enemies that you will see in every dungeon in a different color."
76561198031092175,Recommended,252030,11489564,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Supersolenoid,"Fantastic, well polished, feature rich Metroidvania.Deep, satisfying combat (perhaps the best in any game of this kind that I am aware of); varied branching upgrade paths which allow for different , focused builds, and thus encourage replay value.Incredible soundtrack.Basically, this came puts Konami to shame for not making a properly updated Vania game in years.Well done, devs!"
76561197995100120,Recommended,252030,22421614,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,mout',One of the best Metroidvania game I've played. I still have to try the 2 newer playable characters ... so I'll come back a third time to this game in the future... and maybe a fourth time after that.Strangely the second time I played the game (maybe 60h out of my 90) I used the keyboard. The controls are really responsive (maybe a bit hard to adapt to) both with keyboard and controller.Lots of secrets and cool possible builds per character with the alignment system and different weapons.9.5/10 would rage quit again after finding out my build is trash for optional end game bosses.
,Recommended,252030,31593965,Posted: 6 May,all,716green,"IF YOU TRY TO SPREAD YOUR STATS OUT EVENLY- YOU WILL FAILValdis Story is an absolutely incredible metroidvania action RPG (platformer) but with a very steep learning curve. My first playthrough, I spread my stats out and wasted several hours when I gpt stuck on an impossible boss. I really think that even a professional Valdis Story expert player couldn't beat the game with an even stat spread. So, if you just put your skill points on strength and play with Wyatt, you'll have a great time. You can play with funny builds on your next playthrough. There really should be a disclamer about that.Once you get past the steep learning curve and unlock some abilities (double jump, wall jump) the game gets significantly better. It is so fun, the combat is great. The bosses are very challenging and fun. This game is just so good. Don't be tricked into thinking otherwise with a bad build.Also, beautiful graphics and excellent production value."
76561198047008556,Recommended,252030,15689830,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,susluv,This game just received fantastic update. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,252030,23845455,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Protanly,"I typically enjoy Metroidvania games. But let me be perfectly clear here when I say that ""enjoy"" does not describe how much I actually love this game. It has the perfect mix of platforming, combat, exploration, and RPG elements all woven into one great game with some beautiful artwork and soundtracks.One of the best features in my opinion is the choice of 4 unique characters, all of which get their own unique playstyle and weapons. I find that this highly increases the diversity of the game because you'll find yourself able to approach each situation the game has to throw at you in different ways. Whether you prefer to focus on spellcasting, ranged combat, close range melee combat, or really want to hone in on lengthy combo's, this game has a character for you.The customization of playstyle doesn't even stop there, as the RPG type levelling system allows you to pick skills from different skill trees, and level up in different stats to further customize that character to your own unique niche, which will be further complimented with the character exclusive weapons that you'll be able to pick up along the way and use from the getgo in your next playthrough.The replayability factor is incredible, and the combat is fun meaning that I do not find it a chore to start a game fresh. Even on normal difficulty, you'll probably find yourself challenged in the same way that classic games did. Challenging enough to not be boring, but not so difficult that you'll want to fling the game across the room.If by the sound of this review, you feel that this game suits your interests, I highly recommend that you pick it up. It will not disappoint."
,Recommended,252030,24483779,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Void | TheEvets,"Possibly the most satisfying game I have ever played.Also, I have no idea what the people who say the movement is bad are talking about. It seems extremely tight to me, and skill cancelling is baller."
76561198022867449,Recommended,252030,21697340,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Messo,"Amazing! I can't remember the last time that I devoured a game like I am doing with Valdis Story (Probably it was The Witcher 3). I beated the game with Reina, the cute Monk, on hard. Immediately I started my playthrough with Wyatt, the badass fella with a big sword, on Godslayer mode. It is AWESOME! It really tests your player skills. This is a game that you need to master the mecanics to be good. It doesn't care if you grind your entire life to get stronger. You will be humiliated if you do not master the gameplay. It's not a smash button hack n slash. And you fight against freaking Demons and Angels! The best part (at least for me) is mastering the Boss battles to get S rank.Of course, you don't need to be a hardcore gamer to enjoy. You can play the normal mode and just be happy. It will be fun as well.If you are into it Metrodvania games, Get It!Gameplay - 9.5Music - 9History - 8.5 (It is simple, but I kinda liked the script)9/10"
76561198042325274,Not Recommended,252030,8773844,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pyrogoat,"This game suffers from some unfortunate design decisions. While the art is wonderful and the characters are interesting, the gameplay has some very serious flaws which drag the whole experience down with increasing magnitude as the game progresses.Firstly, spell slots are used for mobility abilities - meaning you have to switch slots up to move around. These mobility powers still use MP, so during the many boss fights later, where you will never have MP (because so many bosses drain mana with many attacks) you effectively lose all of your special abilities, including critical things like double jump.Secondly, many aspects of the game,  from puzzles to boss fights, seem designed soley to be frustrating and bothersome. Timed puzzles where the slightest wrong move forces you to retry the long, boring chain of switches and jumps again and again, and enemies that have stun attacks-o-plenty.The boss fights are at first quite easy, save that the boss fight rank system actually affects what stats your character gets - meaning that if you don't beat most bosses using nearly perfect technique (which requires lots of memorization and blind luck in later cases), your character suffers for it.The later boss fights become absurd. One boss bombards you with a dizzying array of attacks from all angles, nearly all of which freeze or stun your character. It also drains your mana, hampers normal movement (independently of freezes and stuns), regenerates its own health and employs a mechanic that nullifies almost all character abilities that increase damage output, making many of the possible character builds useless for that encounter. There were moments during later fights where I would have been better served going to make coffee rather than waiting for the stun juggles to end so I could move again. Needless to say, if you aren't very, very well practiced with your dodges, look forward to a lot of cheap deaths.This game was at first very appealing, and I think that it has a lot of potential, but frustrating mechanics in the late game make it hard to enjoy for all but the most hard-core platformers who really want a punishing challenge."
,Recommended,252030,8886487,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sakura,"Well, by the first 15 minutes of the game you will remember Castlevania SOTN wich has similars comands and almost same style of battle. There is no ""easy mode"" that makes the game even more interesting and fun. I recomend to start at the hard mode and grow up some levels before go further in the game.You choose where you wantt to put your points that you gain at each level up, just like Diablo. By the start you have only two characters to choose, one is normal gameplay and the other is to advanced players.The story is a little confuse but ""im ok with that""The bosses are so anger and hard as beating Galamoth* without the right itens (hehehe)And im playing im a low specs notebook: Intel graphics (r) 2012, 2GB ram and a Dual Core 1.1ghz (Celeron) and no lags to reportIf you want a game of action with elements of RPG ""THIS GAME IS FIT TO YOU""I recomend for sure!*From Castlevania SOTNBem, pelos primeiros 15 minutos de jogo você irá perceber a semelhança com Castlevania SOTN com comandos similares e quase o mesmo estilo de batalha. Não existe modo fácil, o que torna o jogo ainda mais interessante e divertido. Recomendo que jogue no Hard e upe alguns níveis para prosseguir no game. A cada level up você ganha pontos e pode escolher onde distribuí-los como no clássico Diablo. De começo só tem 2 personagens para escolher dos 4 existentes. Um para iniciantes e outra para jogadores avançados acostumados com esse tipo de controle.A história é confusa pra k7 mas ""im ok with that""Os chefes são tão difíceis como tentar derrotar o Galamoth* sem os itens certos (hahaha)Estou jogando num notebook bem fraco: Intel graphics (r) 2012, 2GB ram e um Dual Core 1.1ghz (Celeron) e nenhum lag a reportar.Se você procura um jogo de ação com elementos de RPG ""ESSE JOGO FOI FEITO PARA VOCÊ""Recomendo com certeza amiguinhos! :3*Galamoth é um chefe de Castlevania SOTN"
76561198002595689,Recommended,252030,23807025,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dizzy (Binary),"What an amazing metroid-vania!!!!SOOOO UNDERATED!If you are a metroidvania fan, this is a MUST BUY. The combat system is unique, and has a very high skill cap which takes time to master. You constantly feel you are progressing with the deep RPG systems in this game. The pacing is slightly off at times, but this is as good as a metroidvania gets on Steam.100% Recommend to any metroidvania fans out there."
76561198002124849,Recommended,252030,29911950,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Excellent stylish Metroidvania/action RPG with good controls and great art. The harder difficulties can be on the punishing side, but the challenge is worth the reward."
76561198041713123,Recommended,252030,23687600,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tonywin,"Amazing game, and well crafted. Story was ok, it's not the greatest nor is it something that i would hate. But the true joy of the game is the action and platforming! Exactly what was I looking for in my purchase minus one thing. It has RPG mechanics so thus there is grinding involved, didn't want to do grinding really but it's not that bad most of the time. The positive aspect of the RPG mechanics is the loot and build customization that comes with it! Very enjoyable and engaging to be able to do that in an action platformer! There is a great combo system, however i feel the game is paced too fast to actually feel like you're doing combos rather than mashing frantically to connect your hits in time. Despite that, I'm sure it's possible to get used to it and do some sick combos outside of basic ones.9/10 game well worth my cash cuz i got for 50% off!Pros: great art, gameplay, and very fun and engaging. Multiple chars for multiple playthroughs as well.Cons: Have to grind if you want your phat loot, backtracking for treasures due to new abilities acquired (i hate having to do this)"
,Not Recommended,252030,20593569,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"I love the music, the art, and the setting, and I usually like Metroidvania games.  But try as I might, I cannot bring myself to enjoy Valdis Story.  The controls are horrible and unintuitive.  Your character doesn't get any invincibility frames when you take damage, so large groups of enemies (which are everywhere) can easily juggle you to death if you slip up and get in a tight spot.  This is supposedly not a problem because you are temporarily invincible while you dash, but I've found plenty of situations where it seems like that just doesn't help.Bonus experience for your character is doled out based on the rank you obtain while fighting bosses.  Bonus experience is vital in Valdis Story because, while you technically can grind, normal enemies give so little experience that it will be an incredible slog to catch up.  Getting good equipment often requires the completion of time-based puzzles, several of which are incredibly frustrating because the controls suck.To give this game a fair shot, I restarted after learning more about it so I could gather more bonus experience from bosses.  I will admit the gameplay can be smooth, but even when I was doing really well in the first part of the game, I still hated the controls and fought against them the whole time.  Obviously, it's possible to completely master the game and get an S-Rank on all bosses, and I know some people will enjoy this game enough to get that good.  I won't deny that it has the makings of a great game, I just feel poor design decisions mar it too much for me to recommend (or even finish myself)."
,Recommended,252030,15842150,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,EternalGoatMom「♥」,"One of my all time favorite IGAvania style games to date.  Amazing artwork with a beautiful land to explore, quick pace and skill based game play with several different ways to play each of the Four unique characters accompanied with solid controls I keep coming back to play more.This game should not be passed up by anyone who's a fan of the ""metroidvania"" style games, there's plenty of ways to play each character focusing on different builds and spells.  Mastering Valdis story's game play is a great challenge with even the normal difficulty setting posing a hardy threat, higher difficulty settings are not for the meek."
,Recommended,252030,8943224,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"an astonishing metroidvania action platformer with fantastic visuals and an amazing soundtrack, but be warned: this game is HARD. you will rage and rage and rage and then hate the game and then love it 2 seconds later.however, after mastering this game i can easily say this is one of the most exciting and rewarding titles I have ever played. you do not want to pass this game up."
,Recommended,252030,8826502,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Puddi,"I would consider this sort of like a 2D Bastion, which, for me, is high praise. It doesn't have quite the uniquely immersive experience that Bastion does, but the gameplay is a bit more varied and enjoyable. Though it's RPG-ish, it also has platforming and arcade-like combos and boss rankings. There are two playable characters, Wyatt and Reina, and I've found both to be lots of fun. Another two character will be patched in later. With the decent campaign length and many build options for each character, there seems to be a lot of replayability.The story has a pretty broad cast of characters for what it is, though admittedly, outside of the main characters, they don't have much depth. Many of the characters are evidently named and designed by backers, which is a thing that concerns me about Kickstarter projects generally (backer perks bogging down the creative process), but it seems to ""work"" in this case. The main plotline is decent, and not quite as generic as you might think from the synopsis about a struggle between gods of light and dark. The way you fight both angels and demons also reminds me of Darksiders, while we're on the topic of specific game comparisons.The music is awesome. I was actually surprised at how much of it there was and how creative and well-developed some of the melodies were. The art style is your typical cartoony indie game art. Both have a slight JRPG flair to them, which to me is a good thing, but YMMV.The dialog could use a proofreader. That's another thing that reminds me of Darksiders, heh. It's the little things, like a comma where there should be a period, or no comma where there should be one, etc. And please, for the love of God, stop putting exclamatory dialog in all caps. It looks amateurish. Still, some of the dialog manages to be pretty clever, IMO. ""You know, instead of giving you these books I could just punch you in the face."" Maybe I'm easily amused.Overall, it's quite a fun game, so anyone thinking about picking it up should think about picking it up a little harder than they did before, because I think they should pick it up too. That's how a drill works."
76561198128573112,Recommended,252030,15737904,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,exinel,One of the best metroidvanias one could possibly find. I only hope that there will be sequel for it.
76561198055875343,Recommended,252030,9058189,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Lord Ilustre,"*SPOILER FREE REVIEW*While reading this review I suggest you to hear this (and why not more) song, part of the soundtrack of Valdis Story: Abyssal City:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ziOAwqfJmU&list=PLCc8IB1G4YYplGOJkKdAbpSI0LulKn_SbLet's begin.Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a 2D Action RPG ""a la"" Metroidvania style with some touch here and there of Beat em' Up, the story is quite interesting from the beginning to end though it never gets to deep or complicated but is good enough to keep you entertained trough the entire journey.The game features some simple status and equipment customization nothing to deep luckly, everything is simple to get at first read.The best part of the game is its gameplay simple but entertaining, you have two attack buttons (Normal and strong), 3 magic spells on ground and one on air with lots of enemy to tear apart, you can also guard/parry your enemies or dodge their attacks with ""skill cancels"" which let you cancel your combos to keep doing more or every action you make you can also escape from enemies attacks with it, though there isn't a great variety of enemies there are enough to keep the game far from boring.There's also a lot of obtainables very well hidden, for some you'll need certain magics so backtracking is a must if you want to get stronger or you want a 100% completition rateSomething that has to be mentioned its the dificulty level, I played on God Slayer and it was brutal, even normal enemies could beat you badly if you fight lightly with them, so if you select over veteran, beware.My only complaint to this game is the balance of the status, Luck and Agility are way much better than magic and strengh, some magics are almost useless and the level desing though not bad it could have been much better.In short:*The good:Decent customizationGood and responsive controlsSolid GameplayVery good musicGood boss fights*The Bad:Unbalanced statusUnnecesary Magic spellsCharmeless level desingScore:84/100I hope you like my simple review, if you found any grammar mistake please tell me so I can correct it and better my english"
,Recommended,252030,29014350,Posted: 4 January,all,Sigurd,"An amazing metroidvania, quite deep and very entertaining. There's a good grade of freedom and not essential bosses, four completely different characters (with different weapons, skill trees, gamplay style and some even start in different locations!), and each of the characters can be played differently as is!It's been a while since I've been so addicted to a game, so this game gets a whole 10/10 from me, and I strongly recommend this to anyone who likes 2D arcades and enjoys searching for optimal character builds/gameplays. There are a lot of achievements for achievement hunters, but even game itself rewards players who can play well, and that is something I haven't seen in a while.Difficulty is something that a lot of other reviewers mention, sayig that it's excessive, and that even stopped me from buying the game for several months, but I was pleasantly surprised by it - difficulty in this game is completely fair, almost every boss have tactic that allows you to beat it even if you're not very good at games like these. Such tactics aren't well rewarded, yes, but it's possible. And getting an S rank with majority of the bossess on ""hard"" difficulty setting isn't anything special, as long as soon as you understand game mechanics and learn how to parry.I've already beaten the game 4 times, and I will continue, it has high replayability value. Deffinitelly worth its price!"
76561198047760350,Recommended,252030,21836951,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,{NPG} russdog71,The best Metroidvania game in a long time very addictive.
,Not Recommended,252030,14770232,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,raidenradio,"I'm so torn on whether I'd recommend this game because there is so much to like. The art design and music is beautiful, the controls are great, and the environments are incredible. Unfortunately I can't recommend it because it just isn't a satisfying game. The combat system is fun but the enemies feel cheap. I'm used to hard as balls Castlevania games but I've never raged as hard as at this game.To start, while the combos are fun to pull off it feels pointless when enemies can just disregard them if they need to. There's a handful of great boss fights but most of them feel like cheap ""to do"" lists. I appreciate that the bosses get harder as you weaken them, but in practice it sometimes becomes absurd. The fact that many of the bosses spawn enemies during the fight is a total cop-out in character design. Bosses are where you should be showing off and challenging the player, but the game continually throws out arbitrary tasks like wailing on a crystal, beat these minor enemies. It really detracts from the finished product.The good news is that this game seems like it could be great with a little more fine-tuning, but for right now it's a game that has a lot of potential, but for me is unsatisfying on nearly every level."
76561198063167584,Recommended,252030,27917790,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pastapockets,"I should preface this by pointing out that this game is rife with flaws that just cannot be ignored, so I'll start with them as a leadup to why you should give this game a chance.The artstyle is serviceable. The characters are just... chibi anime bobble heads. The bosses and enemies are quite good but yeah.. you're playing an anime bobblehead. It neither thrills nor repels me. It's just there.The story is pretty forgettable and there honestly isn't much to say about it because it's quite simple. You're shipwrecked in a magical lost atlantis analogue and are trying to locate your crew and dealing with the crossfire from an overarching otherworldly conflict. The only truly black mark I'd ascribe to the game isn't really relevant to its plot but rather its lore. The game's exposition is rife with references to far off events and lands and characters and historic things and various parents and miscellaneous ancestors in a way that's blatantly just teasing the player over this stuff likely being addressed in a theoretical future sequel. I point this out because it feels like this emphasis on wider world expositon comes at the expense of the setting the characters actually find themselves in: the underwater city. Truth be told the setup for it is pretty engaging at first, but it's rarely utilized besides offhand mention of scavenging supplies, npcs in towns not trusting you for all of 5 seconds when you first turn up, and a handful of times you interact with mana-heaters.All that said about the plot the gameplay must be absolutely 10/10 in every regard right? Well the exploration is ok. It's no symphony of the night or super metroid it's just serviceable. This isn't a game that's going to convert people for whom the metroidvania style holds no real charm. The level design is pretty simple. The enemies have an interesting enough variety (especially since they updated the game and added variants everywhere) but are usually dealt with fairly similarly.So what's the draw?Well it's the boss fights. The boss fights in this game, with perhaps 2 exceptions, are all extremely good. There's probably only one that's outright reused and palette swapped (and maybe another that turns up again as a degraded miniboss) but the boss variety here is just through the roof, and is really enough to be a selling point for people who already enjoy metroidvanias in general. If you enjoy the genre the rest of the game is simply passable enough. It's what you're used to. But the boss fights will thrill you, in both a challenge sense and a strategy sense. The game has four characters all with 5 different weapon styles, multiple spell schools to choose from, branching skill trees that actually allow for some real build variation and not just some linear progression bar you'll inevitably fill up completely, no... you have to plan out your build and focus on a playstyle. There's even an alignment system that you can pendulum back and forth at will and even the alignment system wildly changes as it's influenced by which stats are your primaries.In short this game just spoils  you in the amount of fun it lets you have with the bosses. So many options, so many playstyles. It's not for nothing that the bonus arena gamemode is essentially a boss survival run. The bosses are the main star. If a 2d platformer with mild exploration and a big emphasis on boss battles sounds like what you kinda already play...  caus this sure ain't a limited genre... then why not this one?"
,Recommended,252030,24305803,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,jcawiezell,"This game can be both challenging and frustrating, but it's a very fun experience. I would pay for it and play it again. I hope you try it and enjoy it as much as I did!Pros+ Graphics/animation+ Music - Fair.+ Story - Interesting, simple in a classic sense, unique mythology.+ Gameplay - Fast fighting with a fun mixture of magic and striking.+ Features -  The RPG elements are fantastic! A great variety of powers, equipment/upgrades, and customizable stats/skills.Cons- Story - Disinteresting dialogue at times, underdeveloped, weak ending.- Gameplay - Frustrating platforming, nonexistent/poor tutorials for key gameplay features.- Features - The last skill tree sets and ""ultimate"" weapons are dissappointing.(I recommend using a guide to learn skills and find items or skills that will make this game more enjoyable at the beginning. Find the double jump as soon as possible and use skill cancel to get behind enemies. The double jump will make platforming, battling, and getting new items easier. I learned the hard way and it's frustrating.)"
,Recommended,252030,34326137,Posted: 18 August,all,wyulf,"probably a game which was not as big as some of the other metroidvania titles out there, but make no mistake, valdis story IS a pretty good game in the genre.graphically, it's quite nice, with a lot of details put into crafting the individual characters, and the npcs in the world. the gameplay is fairly typical metroidvania, but with 4 unique characters, each plays very differently from the other, on top of which every character has potentially a multitude of possible builds, giving quite a bit of replayability to it all.but what stands out the most for me, is the lore. you could tell that a lot of work and love was put into crafting the story, and the world that it encompasses. not only do you get a tale of the present, the backstory is fleshed out properly too, and along with it, what would happen post-game.all in all, it's a really fun game, with pretty tough combat (especially if you're gunning for S-rank all the way, and on the hardest difficulty), that it should provide a fair bit of challenge for those so inclined, laid over a world rich with history to discover.the only gripe i'd have personally though, is the lack of a world map. while it can be rectified with the help of google, it would have been nice to have it in-game, because planning routes can be bit trickier not knowing where leads to where exactly.other than that, it's a great game in the genre. hopefully we'll see a sequel one day, as the foundations to it is laid out in quite a lot of detail in the various endings. would be a shame not to continue the journey."
76561198031727361,Recommended,252030,21719692,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Fusako,"For years, now, I have been looking for a game that played and felt like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  Not only did this title satisfy my love of side-scrolling action and a sense of discovery, but it held a special place in my heart for being the most highly detailed and exceptionally artistic approach to the genre for its time.  As a spriter myself, SotN looked and felt amazing.Valdis Story has absolutely scratched this itch for me.  Many of the game's mechanics feel highly fleshed out and leveling up gives the player a real sense of accomplishment.  Gameplay is challenging, even on normal difficulty, but highly enjoyable.  In a lot of Indie Metroidvania games, I feel like I'm fighting more with the sloppy or often-times clunky character movements than I am with enemies.  Valdis Story plays smoothly and movement feels polished and natural, with just enough friction to add a real sense of accomplishment when you traverse an expertly-crafted navigation puzzle (which this game is full of!).Enemies are challenging, so far I have not found myself coming into a situation where I've out-leveled a region of the map where enemies are so far below you that they pose as completely unthreatening.  In the right combinations, even simple enemies that stand little chance individually have been paired together to make an otherwise simple foe become a more exciting engagement.In short, I love this game and it does the Metroidvania genre justice in both visual appeal and clean, professional-quality side scrolling action goodness."
,Recommended,252030,21996404,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,taronin,"A 2D action RPG with an emphasis on fast-paced tactical combat, with Metroidvania-style power-up-based exploration/progression mechanics.  The game is big, the story is decent, and the combat is brutal but heavily rewards both tactical skill and wise character development.  Good luck!"
76561198090899901,Recommended,252030,34851396,Posted: 9 September,all,ShinraVeteran,"Fantastic metroidvania that pretty much nails it in every way especially in boss fights.Great, challeging platforming in the first few hours even after getting platforming abilities it still becomes enjoable and difficult. Some of the platforming puzzles require patience and timing and are very rewarding once completed. The boss fight are spectacular, and numerous I should add. This game have a lot of bosses that you have to beat in order to progress, it also has very challeging optional bosses that unlock either an upgrade in stats, equipment, material or even add a little bit more to the already existing one lore . The combat is very diverse with 4 characters and many weapons, accessories, and spells to tinker with. The cities and dungeons are interconnected with doors and walls that will unlock once you get abilities and keys.Great atmosphere, lovely music, fantastic combat design, intricate city and dungeon design, very challeging platforming(also present in boss fights), hell even a good story. This is on par with some of the best metroidvania games out there."
76561198043825929,Recommended,252030,8978050,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,sprinkles,"While I enjoyed the older Metroid games (especially the GBA ones), I would not consider myself a devotee of the ""Metroidvania"" genre; Dust - An Elysian Tail was the first game I played in years.But still I enjoy it when a game does so many things right like Valdis Story:The melee focused combat is highly rewarding as you learn to master the ""Skill Cancel"" ability and start to weave in magics to your combos. The exploring in the sunken city makes you backtrack for upgrades but never feels like it forces you to do so. While it does not look as gorgeous as Dust did, it is still charming with fluid animations and diverse looking zones.The story starts of a bit weak, but the more cities you discover and lost crewmen you find the more compelling it gets. I like that the male protagonist (you can also play a female one and unlock others) is no knight in shining armor but more of a brutal anti hero - with a warm heart for his crew."
,Recommended,252030,16488439,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,StrifeYamato,"Finished it for the first time, I have to say this game has been great from beginning to end. It's very much a metroidvania type game except much MUCH more intense. Boss battles are hardcore and very fast paced. Graphics for the game are really impressive with great art work. The story for the game is also really well written and interesting. If you're considering getting this game, do it, it's worth it. Just keep in mind that it can get fairly difficult at some parts."
,Recommended,252030,26582203,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Just Kidding,"Very rewarding game but beginners need to be VERY PATIENT.Love every single bit of this game. Plot was not too complicated but still gave the game a nice atmosphere. Gameplay was fun and challenging, great soundtracks. The design and personality of characters are super lovable, and the conversations in the game were very interesting. The only problem with this game is that it has been here for quite a while and went through several updates and changes, so it would be hard for a beginer to explore the world of VSAC. I think the game originally wasn't as complex as it currently is. Though after the first run and things started to make sense, the game became irresistible for me.I have never felt like the game alone had provided player with enough instructions. The map, especially, is a nightmare and it took me a long time to figure out which area was where, where I had to go next, where I was, etc. and I had to visit forums a few times to figure out what was happening.Some of the important locations in the game got cleared out if I didn't take certain actions, but there was hardly any hint about what action to take at all.But the few outwieghted drawbacks didn't stop me from spending a couple hundred hours here and this is still among the top of my favourite list. In short, worth the money!"
76561198003745660,Recommended,252030,14011780,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Pendejo,Pros:- Reasonably challenging- Fantasic design- Hack 'n' Slash mech smooth- Fun little platforming challenges- Diverse Character playstyles- Soundtrack is GreatCons:- No Quest Log- Only 2 Characters ( 2 more to be added )This game had taken me 12hrs to complete at that was only 83% acording to the game. I found myself staying in a few area's just to kill a few certain mobs and admire the atmosphere the game provided. Really enjoyed the game.
,Recommended,252030,13991290,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SLAMMKATT,"One of my all time favourite games.  The art, the style, the gameplay and the story came together to make one hell of an experience.  Well done."
76561198004437182,Recommended,252030,8331452,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mewtiger,"Since picking up this game I have not been able to put it down, and I would love to express my appreciation over this.The game is a very well-constructed package - from the balance between light/dark/neutral themes to the variety of gameplay options given to the player.The story is very serviceable (Endless Fluff, in fact) and I particularly enjoyed the style and setting.What really hooked me was the depth of the stats, skills, and equipment (Let alone how fun the combat is)The gameplay options per character because of the acknowledgement of hybrid builds and magic-melee is so spice, I love it.I feel like the game holds something for Srankers/Speedrunners AND a more casual player who likes to get everything but also take their time. I like Retry being a relatively painless option to master boss fights, and I like Goibniu mode being the ultimate test with its own leaderboards that only a single steam achievement is tied to.The soundtrack? Amazing. The aesthetic? Beautiful.My biggest problem? I wish A-S-S didn't spell S rank for me."
,Not Recommended,252030,16696611,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Vescrit,"A game with lovely visuals and outstanding soundtrack that is marred by some of the worst game design decisions I have ever seen. There is a difference between challenge and artificial difficulty and the issue that I seem to find the most glaring is already quite fixable in the game.Basically the combat is built around comboing your enemies and continuing said combo with a Skill Cancel which breaks you out of your animation and acts as a sort of invulnerability to dodge or get behind your foe and allow you to resume your combo anew, unfortunately you have a limited amount of these cancels and for some reason when you are in combat you cannot regenerate them unless you are completely inactive in a fight. Even a character who can summon minions is penalized for them attacking an enemy by not being able to regenerate. This probably wouldn't even be an issue if you had an alternative way of being defensive but unless you build specificially for blocking and parrying, a non defensive build character will not be able to block strong physical or any magical attack whatsoever, so you're stuck taking damage from an attack that you might not be able to dodge if you are out of cancels and cannot block without eating some heavy damage because any sort of attack no matter how weak will send you into a stunned animation that every enemy in the game will take advantage of. You're not even allowed to break out of a stunlock like you should be able to until an almost arbitrary number of hits.What's worse is that with these flaws is that the game expects you to be perfect with a ranking system in bossfights that at first seems pretty neat, until you release later on that perfect ranking is very heavily out of your favor. You're ranked on how fast you kill the boss, how well you attacked without taking hits and finally by not using any life potions or essentially never losing all your health. This is fine but you soon learn that bosses become damage sponges who love to prolong fights by either constantly running or even blocking your attacks midcombo, can easily stunlock you out of cancels in their usually cramped arenas that they take up a good chunk of, and in later game do high damage that you can hardly seem to mitigate so getting downed is probably likely if you're not aware of their patterns, if they even have any. Its just an amount of perfection required that seems outlandish even for people that love this sort of unforgiving ""challenge.""I want to love this game but damn was the magic gone when I saw just how unenjoyable it was at times."
,Not Recommended,252030,16853151,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,AlphaNeonic,"Pros:* Pretty visuals* Unique character designs* Good soundtrack* Tight controlsCons:* Combat is tough and unforgiving (not my cup of tea, ymmv)* For a metroid-vania style game (which this kind of is) the map leaves a lot to be desired.* Interface is a bit cluttered* Sometimes feel directionless* Story is good, but it can be tough to follow at times.If you can get past its faults and like hard games, you might love this one.Not for me."
,Recommended,252030,27607327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zanderman,"One of the best Metroidvania's i have played in a long time, it kept things fresh while still giving that feel of nostalgialoved it"
76561197966615134,Recommended,252030,31657743,Posted: 9 May,all,Poop-Loops,"This game is an amazing MetroidVania with a great combat system. Controls are very tight and animations are very clear during battle, so you won't lose track of what is happening.I found the music to be very enjoyable. It shows that a lot of thought was put into this game's art in general. The storyline is pretty interesting and I would definitely like to see what happens next.I REALLY wish there were a ""world"" map of sorts. It really is very confusing to come back to the game after a few days and not remember how the places are linked.I'm also not a fan of not being able to get everything in one playthrough. There are multiple characters, which for me is enough to replay the game already, but things like only choosing one armor to focus on because there aren't enough resources to get them all is just lame. It means I have to start over completely if I want to experiment with a new play style."
,Recommended,252030,25758947,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,"This game is absolutely brilliant.I'm not too into the art direction of the whole game, but the quality of animations, the INSANE depth of combat and platforming are just so incredibly tight and responsive that I cannot resist.Apart from having 4 completely different characters with varying playstyles (and each having 4 kinds of weapons that vary it up even more) you got a sizeable game with a lot of replayability and an extra boss rush-ish mode, complete with beautiful soundtrack. if you like leitmotif stuff, you are going to love fighting the bosses and repeatedly dying while listening to some awesome tunes.This is by far my top 1 favorite indie game of all time. I can't even think of a proper way to praise this game. There is but a single caveat that I struggled with, and that is the in game map, it really is kinda♥♥♥♥♥and not all that helpful (icons for NPCs and a worldmap would have been nice).I love this game."
,Recommended,252030,24039892,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Matsuna,"I'm not a review-writing person, but this game deserves my effort at it. :PFrom the art to the OST, to the freedom you have to play as you see fit and explore, what i can say about this game is that its incredibly well made.First of all, you can select one of two characters from the start, with the remaining ones being unlocked after you beat the game for the first time. The story is about said group and its ship crew, who see themselves trapped on an underwater city, filled with Angels, Demons and Ferals. And the war between them.Each character has their own journey and their own playstyles, which are highly customizable through weapon variety and a skill tree.While dynamic, the gameplay can be really challenging at the start, because of how fast paced it can be. But damn, once you learn it, it sure is rewarding. The boss battles are fun and unique from each other, even fights against normal monsters is something enjoyable (except those flying ice things, ♥♥♥♥ those).Also, if you're a Dio (or at least have heard Holy Diver once) fan, you will have a little surprise. :P"
76561198031617578,Recommended,252030,21749475,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jgt4242,"A Metroid style game at heart Valdis Story come out not disapointing. Nice 2D graphics and animation easily pair with fun exploration for upgrades and a great fighting system.Starting with 2 seperate characters that play nothing alike and being able to unlock 2 more that are even more differents gameplay-wise only crank up the replayability.The game control well, look great and sound good too. It's like playing a HD Metroid from the SNES days.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,252030,9077733,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Nep-Nep,"Delicious Metroid-Vania cake with a creamy, combat-focused frosting, topped off with a juicy art direction cherry.For reals, get it if you're into Metroid-Vania games."
,Recommended,252030,22202492,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NSman,Very challenging and satisfying.  Art and music are excellent.  Combat is well designed and enjoyable.  Level design is clever and interesting.
,Recommended,252030,30792677,Posted: 28 March,all,Ranylyn,"If you like Metroidvania games, keep reading. If not, move along.Valdis Story is a game that will not hold your hand. To a newcomer's first impression, it may feel brutal or even unfair. However, once you learn all there is to know, it's anything but. It's rewarding to go from struggling on the easiest difficulty level to thriving in a harder one. It's short enough (there's an achievement for a 3 hour speedrun on Hard - the second-lowest difficulty) to pick up and play, but there's enough to do to keep you busy. As of writing this review, I have clocked 80 hours across several playthroughs, due to the multiple characters.Four playable characters with unique weapons, skills, and some unique/ some shared spells give a lot of replay value, as your crew are caught in the middle of a war between Angels and Demons. In the lost city of Sitheil, where the war first began decades ago, your crew are the last hope for the unafiliated humans of the world to not get wiped out.The game rewards preparation and mastery with bonuses for good ranks. Doing well against a boss will reward you with bonuses to make the rest of the game easier. While this may seem like a punishment for players who don't do so well, and really need the bonus stats, it's more than possible to get by without these bonuses. If anything, these are intended more as an aid to the speedrunners - to assist them in clearing even faster. As someone who's never especially cared too much about speedruns, it's certainly motivated me to give it my all to try to clear bosses quickly instead of playing overly cautious.In true Metroidvania fashion, you get upgrades to allow more freedom of exploration, ending in the entire game being open to you by the end. Seeing a door locked with a Demon Key, for example, will be marked on your map, so you can go back later, making it easy to keep track of where you still need to explore. However, there are a few more subtle things that you may need to remember on your own - like a treasure chest just a little too far to get without the double jump, or a breakable wall that doesn't lead to another room.Not to mention, for a relatively short game, there's quite a lot of lore, for people who are into that. Every enemy type, as well as noteworthy characters (Allies and enemies alike) get their own entries in the Lore section, and there's even history books you can find for more insight into ""The Tyrant Gods Era"" and how things eventually became what they now are.Ultimately... if you like Metroidvania games, and you like to work at things and get good, I wholeheartedly suggest checking it out."
,Recommended,252030,8626539,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Bloughsburgh,"If you enjoy the 2D Metroids and the SotN/Gameboy Advanced Castlevanias, then you are going to fall in love with Valdis Story: Abyssal City. Given life through Kickstarter, the Devs really created something special which will certainly provide you with a longing for more.With 4 difficulties and 2 characters to choose from right off the bat, the option of choice is quickly acknowledged. Play as hardened warrior Wyatt or the swift monk Reina in an Atlantis-esque landscape where Angels and Demons fight for control. All the while a neutral party has appeared, fearls...neither Light or Dark have become to run rampant in the underwater world and has been causing townsfolk to be wary of strangers. As Wyatt or Reina explore the world, you'll slowly uncover why this abyssal city has become a battle ground of the gods.At its core, Valdis Story can be described as a Tactical Hack n' Slash RPG. Combat being the main focus, involves a light attack and heavy attack with combos being performed as multiple inputs are given. Combined with the ability to strike in the air, cancel your animation in order to seamlessly meld into another combo, and cast 4 different types of magic, one can imagine the styling of Valdis Story's combat can be quite the visual. The game may be overwhelming at first due to the immense amount of status effects, buffs, and items...but soon transforms into a short but dense experience like no other.The art style is fantastic and the environments each have their own unique spin. The combat, spells, and animations are all top notch and fit the mood of the locale perfectly. The soundtrack is on the same level as the rest of the game as I found myself just leaving the game paused and taking in the hauntingly lulling pieces.Some aspects may appear frustrating such as some timed platforming and I would have liked to see the character change in appearance depending on what armor is worn but that is completely understandable considering the the dev team makes up less room than a nuclear family.I could go on but hopefully you can see why this is a must own game if you enjoy Hack n' Slash/RPG/2D Exploration games and if you long to play another Castleroid then this is close as you'll get!"
76561198027901820,Recommended,252030,13190343,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,junkramen,"8/10The Good:- Combat is like a 2D Devil May Cry, done well- Metroidvania aspects just enough to cure the itch- Equipment progression based on gameplay decisions rather than flat upgradesThe Bad:- Poor enemy variety- Platforming sections may not be for everyoneLove Metroidvania?  Join the club.  Valdis Story is currently easily my favorite of the PC Metroidvanias I've played in recent years.  It features excellent, tight combat mechanics that feel somewhat like Devil May Cry thanks to the mobility and attack options from the game's spell system.  The world is mostly a joy to explore and new travel skills are given at just the right pace to keep the player interested in exploring more.  Furthermore, there are two characters (with two more upcoming, but in very slow development) and some impactful storyline changes that can add a lot to the replayability of the game.One of my main complaints about the game is the lack of enemy diversity,  It's not a huge issue, and the game does change it up by giving existing enemies new abilities as you level up, but one of my favorite things about Castlevania SOTN was that just about every zone had its unique monsters that each added to the atmosphere of the zone.  In this game, it just feels like you're fighting those angelic monk dudes all the time except in different places.  Also, the game has a number of difficult platforming sections which can be very frustrating to some players.  Thankfully, not all of them are required."
76561198004627556,Recommended,252030,12615442,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,dante_87,"This game was a hidden gem that I bought during one of the holiday sales last year I think. Man o man, was I surprised to find such a fun and charming game.Taking from the Metroidvania style of layout and combat similar to that of devil may cry, this game makes out for some fun times. The music is great, the combat is great, the platforming is great...for the most part. I say the most part because there are some tedious level designs that require a lot of attempts due to nearly impossible requirements in speed and platforming. Other than that the game is amazing and easily has become one of my most fun and memorable games of all.Given that there are two charcters, both with their own stories, the game begs for a second playthrough; which I am working on now :DI sincerely hope the developers decide to make a sequel or another game in this same style.Easily a 8.5/10Update: After finishing the game with Reina and playing throught the new content, I have to say, STUN LOCKING is a HUGE problem with this game!!!!!!!! It is frustrating an infuriating!!!! I still stand by that this is an over all great game but the two GLARING flaws in the game design are some of the platforming and definitly the stun locking that some of the enemies put you in and definitely the eye of Myrgato and the final boss.......wow, I have never been more frustrated with a game. I just hope the sequel, if there is one, will not fall victim to these design flaws."
,Recommended,252030,14035212,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"I am an extremely stingy person, but I paid full price for this game and I don't regret it."
,Recommended,252030,9416563,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,[YOLO]Rekceb,I really enjoyed this game. Its is an excellent metroidvania style action/adventure that I would certainly recommend to anyone who appreciates the genre.
76561198015035388,Recommended,252030,29471775,Posted: 24 January,all,TygerN,"One hre is faced with one of the best metroidvanias since ages. The game has tight controls, an immsersives gameplay and TONS of things to do. It's a shame, tho, that the MC is so much worse compared to the other 3. Hell, I wouldn't recommend him to anyone even if my life depened on it. If you stick with the other 3, though, the game will be really really great. The map, like in any respectable metroidvania is big, but not so much that you actually get intimidated by it. This makes side scrolling, killing and leveling up much better.LEVELING UPA whole different level of complexity lies here. I mean, it's not like diablo 2 or POE and its infinite options, but it still is VERY POSSIBLE to do AN ASSLOAD of combinations. You get 3 trees for each char and eahc of them differ A LOT from each other. Besides that, youg et to feel the RPG element of it. You want a Monk-ish Reina with a cane? You got it. You want a Brawler? You got it. You want a devilish-sexy girl doing an assload of damage while triple (YES, TRIPLE) jumping? You Got it. You want a Van Hesling kinda of guy? you got it. There so many things to explore you get the feeling one playthorugh wont be enough. Well, it really wont, which means the replayability is IMMENSE.THE ONLY DISAPOINTMENT FOR A CASTLEVANIA SOTN LOVERWould be the lack of extra equipment or equipment variety. I mean, you have 4 weapons and all, but you will probably stick with one of them depending on your playstyle. That sole wepaon is really complex and has the ability to sahpe your entire gaming exprience which means your tree will have to combine with it. That alone is the complain I would have, since this means I'm somewhat limited. SinceI'm not the one to love infinite possibilities, this is not exactly a problem, but I like the idea of changing on the fly.Overall a great gaming experience, a solid 8.2, if you want a number."
,Recommended,252030,33041654,Posted: 30 June,all,Mastemo,"If you loved the difficulty of the original Castlevania, and the exploration of Metroid, you need to play this game (with a controller preferably... unless you hate life). Great soundtrack, beautiful visuals and Dark Souls difficult combat have made this game a real challenge even on Normal difficulty.What would be an otherwise flawless game, it is blemished by some poor controller interface decisions. For example, switching magic spells is almost as challenging as the game itself. Mainly because it happens when you don't want it to (during a 20 minute long boss fight). See, instead of having to hold two buttons to get the menu to pop up, why not map or allow mapping of a single button press to the R1 or RB (depending on your controller)? That button isn't being used for anything. At all. Instead what you get in the chaos of the battle is you accidentally press the two buttons together. It's even more frustrating that your spell changes because you were holding in a direction and didn't realize it changed. When the spell menu comes up, you have 4 spells you can map. You press the direction of each spell and it will change to the next spell in the cycle. So if I have healing mapped to [UP], and then I press up on the directional pad, it will change to my shield, or something else. What is happening is you have to be so quick with your button presses that sometimes you happen to press those two particular buttons at the same time pulling up the menu.This is even more frustrating because of the sometimes difficult to pull off ""dash"". To do you dash (when you get it) you have to press down, and then roll forward or backward on the directional pad. Why not map this button!? It's such an important piece to surviving in this game and they've made it so freaking difficult.Sure you can change your button mapping in the menu, but only a little. Here is where they need to fix some bugs. I opted to change my [RT] to SHIELD instead of MAGIC. And then as a result, I had to change my ""Go Back"" button. But the problem is, that even if I change the ""Go back"" button, certain menus and screens are still tied to the function that my SHIELD button is Go back and not the button I mapped it too. What ends up happening is in the menus, I hit the [RT] and instead of cycling to the next page, it kicks me out. I double check, and I have [Go Back] mapped to. But the game doesn't care. It wants to make you tilt so bad that the bosses wipe the floor with you.If they could fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controller decisions, this game would be perfect. The issues with the controller just seem to make this game more difficult than it needs to be. Especially if you want to take on higher difficulty levels.So if the devs are reading this:+ Fix Magic Menu to be more intuitive and less intrusive+ Allow Mapping of Magic Menu to [RB] or [LB] and not this two button combo crap.+ Allow Mapping of Dash Button because wtf?+ Fix Button Mapping inconsistancies. (Try to set your ""Go Back"" toand Shield to [RT] and see what I mean in the menus)I hope they make the above changes. I would really like to play through as the other characters or even on a higher level of difficulty. I also really hope for a sequel.I give this game an 8.5/10"
76561198004565666,Recommended,252030,24470987,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,brickey.8,"This is a great game for anyone who likes action games and metroidvanias.  It is good in nearly every respect.The gameplay is very well-done. Focus is on combos and you have a good variety of moves, but you are punished severely if you don't prioritze not getting hit (especially by bosses). So it doesn't feel like button mashing. And earning S ranks on bosses (which gets you better rewards) will test your skill no matter what difficulty you set it to.Levels are large and well-designed. Bosses are also well-designed and quite varied. Graphics are respectable and music is great. The unlockable characters play differently enough to justify beating it multiple times, and it's pretty long to start with. Plot is above average for this kind of game. Chracter customization is pretty strong, and you can change it later in the game for a small fee.The only gripe I have is that the game somewhat punishes you for playing unspoiled.1. Boss rooms are usually indistinguishable from normal rooms until you're already in them, and sometimes far from save points. The game provides a ""continue"" feature if you die, but doing that hurts your boss rating so you'll still have to load your game if you want the best rewards but stumbled into a boss unprepared.2. There's events that will kill all the NPCs in three out of the four towns unless you do X before Y point in the game. One of those is on a timer.3. One boss and a few items can be missed forever, and there's not enough of certain fixed-quantity items to craft all armors or spells."
,Recommended,252030,24101653,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,howl,"Pretty good Castlevania RPG style game.+ Neat Talent System+Cool Weapons+Nice art style+Actually has consistent quality throughout which is a huge problem for most indie games+Hits a sweet spot with pacing and length+Higher difficulty doenst just mean higher hp enemies that hit harder+Music is nice for an indie game-Took thier sweet time releasing the second batch of characters and i lost interest-Mediocre story (+) but atleast its original-That obnoxious boomerang ORIGINAL CHARACTER DO NOT STEALOverall: Possibly the best indie platformer ever just in terms of polish, pacing, and execution of concepts not to mention it has no gimmicks, its just a good game.Would rank it lower than Metroid Fusion but higher than Aria of Sorrow"
,Recommended,252030,27598196,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kuncendorfs,"This game is true gem, that sadly went mostly unnoticed.  Closest thing i can think of to compare it with would be Valkyrie Profile or Alundra on PSX: melancholic RPG/Platformer with a huge immersive world."
,Recommended,252030,32330246,Posted: 10 June,all,meat,"9/10Very impressed with this game!Combat system is awesome - melee attacks, spell casting, air combos, attack cancelling, assist calls, super attacks - it's a blast fighting enemies at a fast-pace. Playstyle can be adjusted with character customization, which involves skill points, a skill tree, and the various armor found throughout. You can upgrade your weapon and unlock new ones once defeating certain bosses and finding your friends. I think this makes for great replay value.The story was pretty good with talk of gods and goddesses while running around searching for your colorful teammates (some become playable).The soundtrack is a 10/10."
,Recommended,252030,32795893,Posted: 25 June,all,kungkrut,Metroidvania at its best
76561197995209261,Recommended,252030,22279080,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,branewalker,"This is a very good game marred by some poor design choices. I really enjoy free-exploration games, but missable content immediately shatters a relaxing gaming experiences with the looming specter of ""did I just inadvertantly lock some content for the entire playthrough?"" Don't do that. That means I need a guide to enjoy your game. Speaking of, none of the maps online are up-to-date. The Hollow and the Mine, and a few other places are incomplete.Also, some of the controls are wonky. Grab a ledge. Now, jump off the ledge. I bet you guessed that would be the jump button. No, that makes you climb up. Press the directional button opposite the ledge. THAT makes you jump. Unintuitive. Also, the Magic controls use a modifier-button system, but don't require the modifier to be pressed prior to accepting input. So, something like (holding up)->RB(hold)->right will actually probably result in the Magic bound to UP being cast, rather than waiting for a keypress after holding the modifier key. So you really have to think of it differently. The direction is the modifier, and the trigger is ""cast something."" This isn't exactly how the game introduces the concept, and it definitely takes some getting used to.The overall game flow is pretty good, once you get past the unnecessary hurdles.The story is a bit of a mixed bag. The core concepts of the world are cool, but the worldbuilding with names and such is a complete mess. Everything from pseudo-Latinate to pseudo-Norse pseudo-Japanese is represented in a way that is distracting. If they'd have at least mapped these different phoneme-sets to the various races of Angels, Humans, and Demons, they could have probably come out with something resembling cohesive. As it is, it sounds too much like nonsense words.As for the art, that, too is a little mixed. It's mostly great. Smooth animation, detail where it counts, that sort of thing. It's not without problems, though, like the rest of the game.For one, backgrounds and foregrounds can blend together in places. In the first town, Tagrum (Human, Latinate), there are yellow-brick platforms. Some are in the background, some are solid, and you can usually tell the difference, but not always.For another, the characters designs are of inconsistent quality. Reina (Human used to be allied with Angels, Japanese-esqe name) looks great in her character portraits, but in her sprite, her hair mostly covers her face a lot of the time. It's like she's constantly looking slightly away from the screen, either way you face. Other characters have slightly odd head/face proportions. One guy is named Shadoboxxer (yes, two Xs, no W) for some reason. (See what I mean about the naming, though?)In the end, it's a decent Metroidvania that sacrifices the relaxing exploration element I love for some branching plot I don't care a lot about, and adds some really intricate fighting mechanics that are probably more contrived than elegant. Still, if you can look past the flaws, it's pretty enjoyable."
76561197972382461,Recommended,252030,34927537,Posted: 13 September,all,DoGCyN,"I am going to recommend this game, just barely though. There is a lot of frustration attached to this title. Categories typically get a base score, followed by pros and cons.Graphics: 7/10==========Acceptable. Something feels off with the visuals though... almost like this is one of those Free RPG games for your phone. +7Sound: 5/10=========Sound effects are weak and lack any pressure behind them. Boring. +5 for effort.Music: 9/10========The music in this game is surprisingly outstanding. Well done. +9Story: 3/10========It's just awful. Boring setting and boring characters, boring nemesis who isn't even a nemesis until the very end of the game. +3Gameplay: 6/10===========Side scrolling hack and slash with magic abilities, stealth mechanics, dodging, RPG elements and items + equipment. +7Many bosses and enemies are a joy to fight, because they have set attack patterns that you'll have to learn in order to beat them. You will get hit plenty, but will learn along the way. Good premise. +1Magical abilities are fun to use, somewhat useful, and have nice variety and stats attached to them. +1Combat system is clunky and gets dragged down by the lack of movement your character emits when they attack. I believe the developers wanted this to be a ""opening"" that you'll get punished for if your attacks don't connect. This opening however has a drag time of WAY TOO LONG. It needs to be a shorter delay. -1Cancel mechanic badly implemented as you'll accidentally be using it constantly just for having quick fingers. It'd be nice to hold a button and THEN use the mechanic. -1Some platforming sections in this game are okay. Some. The rest are extremely frustrating. It's even more frustrating that enemies respawn when you leave the screen, even though you have to come back to some screens, dodging not only the enemies you wanted to stay dead, but continue trying to platform the frustrating sections. You're forced to dodge the enemies and platform. This in and of itself is not a bad thing, but it's poorly implemented in this game. -1Overall: 6/10 (30/50 = 0.60)=====================As I said in the opening, this is just borderline of me recommending it. Frustration is never something you want in your video game...ever. You want hard, not frustrating.Started boring because of a lackluster story. Gameplay had me hooked for awhile until the platforming and cancel mechanic became an issue. I recommend others who love side scrolling action games to give it a try. A. Try.If it had a better control scheme implemented, and the platforming sections were less tedious, this would be an easy 9/10 game."
76561198019863976,Recommended,252030,25337938,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The Potato,"So I want to recommend this game but there are a few caveats. Before getting into pros and cons I want to say this is a game that I held off on buying for years but it was worth it in the end; I purchased it during the Summer sale this year for $3.75. This is a fairly standard Castlevania-esgue game in the same vein of SoN on though it has an interesting idea behind it a few quirks. So lets hit those pros and cons.Pros:-The art style of the game is gorgeous and everything looks fluid.-The exploration aspects are fun-The combat system is good but...(see below)-The challenge is adjustable, great idea considering some of the things you can stumble into.-An interesting story as mentioned earlier.Cons:-Certain ""puzzles"" are timed too short and have to be done almost perfectly to succeed.-...Combat is good but there are bad quirks to it. Status effects are very harsh and the combo/cancel system takes a bit to get used to.-Even with adjustable difficulty it's easy to run into something you aren't ready for if you go exploring or worse yet something you're supposed to be ready for but aren't yet levelled up.Regardless of the pros and cons I heartilly recommend this game. The problems are things that can be adapted for especially if you've played 16bit or earlier action platformer games and the difficulty is still fair even when you are under levelled. Good game that deserves more love."
76561197968574657,Recommended,252030,24101322,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kinki,"OK... I just beat this, so here it is fresh.This game if ♥♥♥♥ing hard.  Alright, it's been said before, but no one really talks about why or what is so ""hard"" about it.Look, this is an action adventure that has more in common with a game like Street Fighter than is does with a game like castlevania.  You absolutely need to learn how to combo, juggle, interlace spells with light/hard attacks, and use lift attacks to air juggle and use a mechanic the game calls ""skill cancel"" to tie one or more of these sequences together.By the end of this game, if you see it that far, you will be chaining 2 - 3 attack/spell sequences together effortlessly, and it's bloody fun, but here's the thing...... the enemies play the same way.Even non-boss, little♥♥♥♥♥♥crabs and ferries will juggle you.  You will have enemies that spawn more enemies that do little burts of aoe that know you back ENDLESSLY - and you will want to twist your controller so hard the batteries start popping out the back.  It's goddamn infuriating, exactly like queueing up against the 50th ♥♥♥♥ing Akuma and just watching him juggle you until you're dead in game and raging out of game.Now... this may vary from player to player, some people are find with this and the game has a ""retry"" option that lets you just restart the room you most recently entered.A quick look at the garbage:- The story is absolute garbage, something about gods, yadda yadda, you won't follow it either.- The in-game map is a turd that only shows the rooms connected to your current zone and never displays them in regards to the other zones they are connected to.  Basiacally, it's like having a town map and no world map, but the the town exit doesn't even say where it's going... you have to memorize it basically and its just a chore.- Many of the optional bosses are build specific.  That means you have to build your character a certain way or you're not going to beat them.  I beat the game at level 20, beat the last 2 bosses all first try, but could barely scratch some of the optional sub-bosses.  (Level 20 is the max btw.)A quick look at the briliant:- The control you have over your character is wonky at first, but really really amazing once you get the hold of it.- The spells are all really varied and there are a ton of different ways you can build your character, some of them more effective than others, but all equally entertaining.  YOU CAN RESPEC TOWARDS THE END OF THE GAME.- The music and visuals are all on point, really good animation.- Lots of different items to farm, collect and upgrade.  This is honestly a big part of the game that is great, but really brought down by the worthlessness of the game map.  If you had a decent map to like, i don't know, know where they ♥♥♥♥ you are, exploring could be mroe enjoyable.Should you buy it... ♥♥♥♥... i don't know."
76561198268606971,Recommended,252030,24736609,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,fauregandi,"This game is possibly the best purchase that i have made on steam so far. The gameplay is extremely satisfying, the soundtrack is incredible and the game mechanics are awesome as well. The only problem that I initially had with is was the controls for it on mouse and keyboard, but the game allows you to remap the keys to your liking. I have a razor naga mmog mouse, which was perfect for my attacking and skill cancel buttons. Solid game overall and I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes platformer rpg games."
,Recommended,252030,8825639,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Leweeggee,"Damn good metroidvania style game, with a challenging array of bosses and satisfying combat. I give 3 bannas 2 chimp licks and an Evanglion."
76561198046620088,Recommended,252030,16977472,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,G!7d@ !r3,"I'll give this a thumbs up.Pros:-pure metroidvania-incredibly challenging-lots of replay-a smooth visual appeal-decent soundtrackCons:-the devs are still working out game breaking bugs-patches take forever, but at least are an eventuality-I, like so many others, had to wait over a year for playable ""DLC"" characters who were shown in the character select screen.-basic things like the save confirmation sound are being changed, as well as adding new bosses(I like that part), all before the kinks are worked out.This is easily my favourite Indie game EVER!!! Don't misunderstand, I think this game is incredible, but the difficulty can be stress inducing until you know what you are doing and the devs should have maybe not been so ""indie"", if you know what I mean.While 16+ challenging playthroughs at appoximately 3-4 hours each to look forward to is great...paying less than $10 when it was on sale makes it AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,252030,8571609,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Super Nintendan,"ProsAmazing FunGreat GraphicsGood CombatAddictingCons.Map could be betterJumping can be Iffy at times.Great game if you are looking for a Metroidvania. It's not super long, but that's not really a pro or con. It doesn't over stay its welcome."
76561198071806267,Recommended,252030,22051680,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DennyM,That's one hell of a quality entertainment!
,Recommended,252030,22375697,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Krolled,Лучшая метроидвания со времен Metroid 2 и Super Metroid.----Best metroidvania since Metroid 2 and Super Metroid.
,Recommended,252030,16358021,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hiru,"Beat the game only to realize I could play through again with a different stat loadout, character or weapon. I loved it."
76561198025535367,Recommended,252030,7927173,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,otrakun,"This game is a wonderful experience. Aesthetically the game is incredible, with atmospheric music, magnificent visuals and an incredibly detailed world. The game's mechanics are also fantastic, combat is an absolute joy and the metroidvania structure is pulled off wonderfully with objectives that are open ended but rarely confusing.But unfortunately the game likes punching you in the face every so often.Even on normal mode some bosses just infuriate me, some of the rooms have incredibly annoying hazards and others just force you to redo a multitude of rooms if you get knocked off a platform by an enemy, one of the most enraging instances being a chest that forces you to redo an entire dungeon if you miss the platform.The lack of a proper world map also prevents me from caring about completionism and can sometimes cause you to waste time when you thought one chunk of world was somewhere it wasn't.So this game definitely has it's flaws, but for the most part it's enjoyable and has too much charm for me to not recommend it."
,Recommended,252030,22389317,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,oofle,You need a strong will. They gods know nothing. Fear the blade.
,Recommended,252030,8503885,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,smoke63b,"This game is excellent. Picked it up on a reccommendation and couldn't be happier. It's worth the full price of $14.99 if you like games like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night or old-school Metroid. RPG Level up system, combos, equipment and crafting, boss fights, platforming with excellent and crisp controls as well as puzzles. It's a really nice game especially for a sale price."
,Not Recommended,252030,24358703,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mypasswordisduckling,"The game is brutal and demanding at points. Enemies can stagger lock and combo you  continually, stat-ups don't really mean much. If that sounds fun to you good for you. For anyone without the time to ""hardcore game"" I'd suggest you look elsewhere. This game is for people who want a challenge."
76561198048855866,Not Recommended,252030,9068711,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bivouac,"What could have been an amazingly beautiful game is faulted deaply by absolutely horrible controls (both keyboard and gamepad) and faulty animations that trigger continious flailing movement (and stun lock) at all times. Over halfway (60%) complete now and just not having any fun with the continious movement issues, never played a platformer with this poor of movement design. Challenging, engaging gameplay yes, poor movement design and controls yes, would I recommend this game, no, absolutely not until the game is even remotely enjoyable to play with smooth motion, not the continous jerky, faulty, and frustrating movement. Such a shame, it is an amazing game elsewise."
,Not Recommended,252030,8527568,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sovery_Simple,"Relatively fun metroidvania game, right up until it decides it wants to be the guy. Character wide platforms with a character that has hairy jump controls at best and is bundled with frequent timed jump puzzle rooms that require pinpoint jumps or you get to wait for another attempt. I do empasize the word ""wait"", as the timers have to fully expire before you can try again (something which IWBTG solves by just letting you reset and go from where you were, that idea escaped the developer in this case.) So if you mess up early or midway, enjoy sitting out that 45+ second timer you were given, because you can't skip it. Best case scenario is you have a room entrance nearby you can leave, and return from, provided it itself isn't barred with a timer jump challenge door that will lock as soon as you enter and force you to redo the previous room also.If the dev's would of reigned in their IWBTG fetish later on, this would of been an excellent title."
,Not Recommended,252030,8924070,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Oktober,"A great idea ruined by horrible execution, which is a shame, since the game actually has a great setting and story.The game, a very interesting take on the Metroidvania style, starts showing its horrible flaws that add an artificial layer of difficulty not too long after starting out, like enemies ganging on you/chainstunning you, giving you little chances to escape, or just sitting next to ledges to hit you while you're climbing, pushing you down a few rooms without letting you do anything aside having to waste 10 more minutes to attempt that room again.This goes combined with a bunch of other problems, like the wonky controls and the dreadful menus. Also worth mentioning that there are some informations in the game manual (ex. status effects) that SHOULD actually be shown ingame, too.Buy only if discounted heavily, and if you feel like you have the patience to finish the game and not give up when the issues start coming up heavily."
76561198006926529,Not Recommended,252030,20232820,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gooby van Goobs,"Writing a review for this castlevania-like game is a hard one.Most of the time, you jump and run around, hitting monsters, fighting bosses, and getting a fair share of storyline, which back in the days was enough for a good game, and by my opinion still is. The game tries to be more. Let me tell you where it succeeds and where it fails.So whats great about the game?The best part, I would say is the soundtrack. Its an orchestral masterpiece, that is most of the time rather calm but adds to the flair of the game without getting annoying. Weapons and armors are different enough to be satisfiyng and encourage you to try them out.The fighting system is easy to learn and hard to master. It makes you feel part of the fight!  I wish I could say that about the controls (I will come to that later)The game also has a sweet crafting-aspect that is subtle enough to keep the focus of the game, but it encourages you to pick up items dropped by enemies or received from chests.Graphics: As expected for the budget not full HD but still gorgeous. It reminds me of the days of castlevania on the gameboy advance, where they had to make the best of each pixel. It is incredibly satisifiying.So this makes up for a great game, right?Yes indeed. But on top of that solid base, the makers decided to put a thick layer of BS. Excuse my language.It is just so frustrating to see such a promising game to sort of be torn apart by those things.Ridiculous controls: Pressing the guard-button and the spell-button simultanously will open up the spell menu, which itself only requires you to press one directional button, to swap a spell. So guess what happens to you all the time:You guard, then want to cast a spell, then end up messing up your spell-config. Also you need to press down, then press an other direction to dash. Sounds complicated? It is. Of course you can change that. But remember, the evade/dash-button is also used for the dive-move (which lets you fall down incredibly fast). This will especially annoy you, when you have to do parcours under time pressure in order to get to those chests that you might want.Oh yes chests: There are golden-red chests, and grey ones. You might think, the golden ones are more valuable? Well, nyes, they usually contain lvl1 armor which 90% of the time may be weaker then your current one, and needs to be upgraded. Grey chests dont even have to contain frequent items, some of them may even be rare. Oh boy oh boy.Combat-system:This one is a big letdown, and one of the main aspects that almost ruin the game so listen up:- 90% of your enemies can block your attacks. Which means you spend way too much time on trying to somehow break their defense.- No recovery time. You do not get even half of a second of invulnarability when being hit, and every hit stuns you for about half a second. Enjoy the stun-locks. You will get them a lot.-BS- Bosses. I know I know... Bosses need to be hard. But also, they need to be fair. As your bossfight will be graded and rewarded according to your perfomance you would expect a fair fight. But no, while your grade gets worse about every minute or so, your enemies will do their very best to either:-Heal themselves-Run away (by teleport)-Build up a complete shield instantly, if you give them even just a millisecond of time to do so-Make 90% of the screen a 99% deadly hazard-zone. (yes, once you get caught you lose one life most of the time)-Do a combination of the things aboveIn effect the bossfights are quite frustrating. Also: BOSSFIGHTS are NOT announced. In other games you get a checkpoint, or a lot of chests, or a BIG HUGE DOOR that says ""DANGER, DANGER! HIGH VOLTAGE!"". Not in this game.Then two pet peeves of mine: Sometimes, areas that have been accessible before will be locked until further notive without any announcement, THANKS OBAMA!Also: SOme of the areas are large in vertical measure, one wrong button press and you fall about 6 stories deep, without knowing whats going on. Happy climbing.TL, DR:Graphics, sound, fighting system are awesome.I hope you now understand why this game frustrates me. I love it I hate it. It is like a good castlevania game and expands the horizon by cool caracters, lots of skills , crafting and such. But it ruins it by adding bosses that act like little finches, complicated  controls without any need for that and a good deal of unfairness.If you are totally into Castlevania and stuff  like that  and you can take a beating without crying, give it a try.If you cannot deal with an unfair game and clumsy controls then hands off.Love you guys,Goobs out!"
76561198035284822,Recommended,252030,28197258,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Silver Hawk,"Very fun game in the ""metroidvania"" style of game. Really more a combination of Metroid and Devil May Cry. Lots of replayability options in the form of diferent characters and builds. Music is amazing and very memorable. Only gripes I have about the game is the somewhat slippery control and jumps don't feel the most fluid. I'm surprised this game isn't talked about in regards to great indie games. If you enjoy any of the genres mentioned, very much recommended!"
76561198074379042,Recommended,252030,24038629,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Thalesvaldo,"♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!! I was searching for this kind of dynamic and difficulty in a game. At the beggining is super frustrating to deal with the controller, once you get that done (which took me like 8H) the game becomes the most dynamic and involving that I had lately. Seriouslly, thanks produtors. You made a gamer really glad"
,Recommended,252030,28077294,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Myrcellion,"It was awesome when it was first released, since then it was improved with new playable characters, areas and bosses. One game may be 'short' but otherwise you might lack time to start a new one with a different character or build."
76561198018768509,Recommended,252030,31312889,Posted: 22 April,all,YoloOhno,Currently the best game of its genre on steam in my books. I'd highly recommend you use a controller with this game. Makes the game 10x more enjoyable. Reminds me a bit of the retro NES/SNES console days.
76561198049730245,Recommended,252030,15146968,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kraj of the Mimics,"This game is amazing.This game needs more publicity than it currantly has.A ""metroidvania rpg"" game with smooth controls once you understand them (slightly unintuitive with no indepthinstuctions aka no hand holding but really effective when you know).The story is interesting in my opinion.Bosses are a little hard first time through but much easier afterwards.A few missable quests and items are in the game though if you pay attention you will find most of them.there are different weapons for each character and they each function quite different from both, other weapons that that character uses and weapons other characters uses.There is a magic system and each character uses 2 different starting magics but the other 4 magic are the same graphocally and functionally between each character (not that it is a bad thing).This game is one I recommend if you like metroidvania type games. It is a bit shorter than some games but a decent game length and this game has replay value that I won't cover here.Each character has enough difference in gameplay and weapons to give each a few playthoughs."
76561198047105025,Recommended,252030,24006440,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tyranitrainer,"A great metroidvania title with solid and challenging combat accompanied by an excellent soundtrack. The platforming is the weak point of the game as the walljumping sometimes feels a little unreliable, expecially when played on a controller. However, I would still strongly recommend Valdis Story for it's satisfying gameplay if you looking for a challenging metroidvania game with good, fast-paced combat and have patience for the odd periods of frustration from accidentally falling off a platform or not knowing where to go. Be warned, however, that bosses and the game in general are rather difficult and due to the bare-bones map it could be helpful to consult some forums for some tips if you get stuck."
76561198122846321,Recommended,252030,25529464,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Elkamyst,"10/10- Great Replay Value. Endless fun in Heaven or Hell Arena Mode.Hard Game so prepare yourself. It's a challenge, so no ♥♥♥♥♥ing.Each playable character have different dialogue with NPC (very interesting). Lots of ways to build character based on playstyle. 4 craftable weapons for each character (1 hidden craftable golden weapon) on top of the 3 skill trees.P.S.90% negative reviews are on how hard it is. After doing 3 playthroughs with different characters I can get SSS rating on all bosses in God Slayer Mode. Just need to practice if you keep dying not the game's fault. Hard game so don't expect less."
,Recommended,252030,24071979,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SoundOf1HandClapping,"A metroidvania with deep RPG system and heavy emphasis on combat. Very easy to pick up or to put down, and has very high replayability with all the characters, weapons, and combat styles you can experiment with. Skill floor isn't terribly high, but the skill ceiling sure is."
,Recommended,252030,35093683,Posted: 20 September,all,Old Greg,"Valdis Story: AC is a great game that has had me coming back to play since i bought it. I have put 30 hours into the game and that is just on 2 characters. I still have the other characters to play as and the story does change (minorly in some parts and more in others) when you change characters. There is a story but it is more about the Lore than story line. The books you find throughout the game reveal a good bit of that lore. While the mechanics of combat can be a bit overwhelming at times, stepping back and assessing the situation might serve better than wildly running in and swinging. Observe the patterns of the enemies and watch for openings. Just because the game is hard or you cannot perform as well as you'd like, it doesnt mean the game sucks. The music is pretty good as well.tl;dr$15 for 30+ hours of gameplay... worth it imo"
,Not Recommended,252030,8541611,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Koola,"Between the awful characters, the awful UI, the awful art style, and the fact that you're rewarded for dying, I'd have to say this is most definitely a bad game. A most bad game indeed. I would be upset if I had paid more than 4 dollars for this game... but I didn't. Nor should you."
,Recommended,252030,8573560,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,danthelion,"If you like Metroidvania games with platforming, puzzles, backtracking, RPG elements, lots of challenging boss battles and overall harder games, be sure to pick this baby up!"
,Recommended,252030,8536678,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Royal Fool,"If you like the Metroid-inspired Castlevania games or action platformers in general then this is a good choice. It may not be quite as huge in scope as Castlevania or Metroid but still of compelling length.Just know that Valdis Story can be unforgiving at times, even on the lowest difficulty. There's also some disappointing platforming sections that are poorly designed but they don't detract enough from the overall experience. The leveling is fun, there's big and varied skill trees for each character, lots of weapons and equipment to find and upgrade with different stats, just a whole load of stuff that any fan of progression-based games will enjoy."
,Recommended,252030,8574184,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Strockefeller,"Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a metroidvania styled game that was available on Desura for a bit, but is now also available on Steam. It's an indie game published by Endlessfluff Games, who consist of Carolina and Kyron. For a game being made by just two people, it is very good. I can tell they put a lot of effort into this game, and it is games like this that make me wish triple A game companies would try harder.The game's story is decent, but nothing amazing. It's enough to make you want to continue through the game. The gameplay is where the game truly shines. Since it is a metroidvania styled game, it has the basic side scrolling action and platforming, and you also have magic spells, which you can customize which you want in the menu. It also has RPG elements in the game. As you level up, you get to choose a new skill from three skill trees. Each skill tree is focused on different aspects, like combat, healing/defence, and magic. A lot of the replay value is from choosing different skills and customizing you'r own skill tree combination.I liked the simple, yet beautiful graphics of the game. A lot of people compare the look of the game to something similar to MapleStory, which i can sort of see, but I didn't really notice it until it was pointed out to me. I also enjoyed the soundtrack to the game. The music really set the mood for me, and I even found myself listening to the soundtrack when not playing the game.Even though I really liked this game, I still have some complaints. My main complaint is the forced, difficult platforming sections. I've checked gaming forums, and noticed this is a common complaint. I feel that difficult platforming should be left for optional items. This is the aspect of the game that will most likely get some people to ""rage quit"" the game. The other main issue I had, was random errors. I'd be playing the game, enjoying myself, and then a random error would come up. It wasn't very often, but it happened a couple times, so it got a little annoying.Despite some of the issues I had with this game, it is still quite good and I recomment it to anyone that is a fan of metroidvania styled games. I hope to see more games from Endlessfluff Games in the future. If I had to give this game a rating, I'd give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,252030,8586395,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Sleipnir,"I have played countless metroidvania games over the years but few have left a mark aside from the originals. Valdis Story is somewhat of a masterpiece that captures the greatness of metroid and castlevania in a single game. The combat is fluid, the story is memorable, and the challenges require precision on unparalled levels. The art style and soundtack should not go unnoticed; Both set a beautiful stage and give the game a soul commonly lacking in modern games. There is plently of replay value for those worried about getting their money worth considering the 5 or 6 difficulties and meaningful skilltrees. I highly reccomend this game to everyone who has enjoyed similar games in the past."
,Recommended,252030,8657715,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,I2eal!ty,"This is an impressive 2D Platformer withtons of action and decent artwork. I was a little skeptical or the skill tree system but the weapons, the armor, accessories, magic make up for it where your character can play anyway you want. Also mixing and matching skill that serve a purpose for the way you play, not just because you were locked to one soul. I never thought that I would get lost in a 2D game because it does have depth. This is controller recommended in my eyes cause it just feels better. I would also like to say that the questing system and the character dialogue is vague at times where I would skim over something and have no idea where I was even headed in the world or why I was going there. Still a great game, buy if your into action, combos, platformers. 9/10"
76561197992889077,Recommended,252030,8502892,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ritual,"If you're a fan of Castlevania Symphony of the Night and want a fantastically animated action brawler in that vein, you'll hopfully find that this game is a solid addition to the Metroidvania genre. You may tear through a single playthrough in 12ish hours but between the two characters (with more to come) and multiple difficulty settings, there's a lot to see and do in Valdis Story. It's among my favorite games of 2013."
76561197998596970,Recommended,252030,8871834,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Spaceman Spiff,"Wow. All I can say. This game is so much fun, combining all thats fun about platforming, hack n' slash, with really challenging enemies and boss fights.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,252030,8627761,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Elcandy,"At a first glance this game looked like you could just pick it up and play for a bit then put back down and get back to it a few days later. That was definately not the case.The game features a lot of difficult and challenging content even on 'Normal', don't let the difficulty fool you. Even though the content can be tough at times it keeps you going back for me. It incorporates many timed challenges that either provide a reward or passage to the next part of an area though the ones for items were much more challenging.Bosses in the game are hit and miss though. Some are down right easy while in other cases you can spend a good hour and get nowhere by the end of it. This could just mean you are going about it all wrong or you are there too early and missed some crutial item along the way that would make things so much easier.There is a fair bit of back tracking during the game to access areas that were closed off before you gained an ability from later in the game. The lack of a world map however makes it seem like the map look a lot bigger than it actually is. At the same time the lack of a full world map will probably drive you a little insane.Having played the game with a controller I can say that it is relatively fluid and feels right. I liked how double jump isn't something that is readily available for you at all times. The constant remapping of spells was very interesting as well.Having finished the game once after a few multiple hour long sessions it still makes you want to go back and play it through again in either a harder setting (trust me normal was difficult already)  or finish with other characters.I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of hack and slash/ rogue like games."
76561197977097039,Recommended,252030,8583695,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dat 605 Life,"I picked up Valdis Story a few days ago on the tail end of the Steam Winter sale. It is worth every penny and more. I feel guilty buying it at the discounted price, to an extent, because you are guaranteed to get your money's worth at the normal price point.Some describe this game as a ""Metroidvania"" type game, and that is correct to an extent. However, this game differentiates itself from either the handheld Castlevania sidescrolling RPGs and Super Metroid in that it is very to-the-point. This game is not about massive exploration, tons of backtracking, and acquiring new abilities in order to repeat the two previous steps. It is all about the action: that is, a diverse combat system complete with combos splicing all-out physical assaults and magical barrages, and that is all it needs. Thus, instead of describing this game as ""Metroidvania"" inspired, I prefer the term ""Streetvania"" inspired, because it is all about the fighting.When you pick up Valdis Story, prepare for a game which leaves you lying in wait for each boss encounter, because there, alongside its diverse RPG system of specialization in play style, is where it truly shines (outside of its Odin Sphere-inspired graphics and beautiful soundtrack, which are great in their own right). The game can be and is difficult, but difficult in a fun and challenging way. Each boss fight is scored on a system, and if you are anything like me or a perfectionist to begin with, you'll find yourself repeating these fights in order to get higher scores; which by the way, the game rewards in kind.The pacing is perfect. It does not waste time on the frills of exploration, the old-school formula for stretching play time out of a game. Each area has just enough amount of screens to satisfy probing its secrets, but not so much that it wastes your time without your knowing. This acts as a great stimulus, because the game will take as long as it needs to, but never feels long enough, serving as a stimulus to delve into it for another playthrough, this time trying out a new niche with a new character (it has four, each with a menagerie of different play styles you can specialize in, leading one to want to try it all out).In sum, I definitely recommend this game, and I am looking forward to the next game release by this development team."
,Recommended,252030,8261613,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＧＩＲＬＳ@ＧＹＭ,"For those of you having trouble loading this game after purchase, don't be discouraged! This game has a lot of potential challenges and rewards that you can definitely sink some time into. I come from a fighting game/danmaku background, so one of the most fun aspects of this game was mastering the combo system. Nothing feels better than no-missing a boss with maximum efficiency~ While it does have a couple issues that need to be ironed out (the controls are counter intuitive at first, there's no indication regarding passages of no return/boss fights), there's a lot to be explored and discovered. Sooner or later, you'll find yourself obsessing over getting every last party member.For those of you still having problems launching the game or have been deterred from purchasing the game because of the significant price and rumors of black screen issues, read the following link:http://endlessfluff.com/forum/index.php?topic=323.0It's sure to save you a lot of frustration. Don't let this gem pass you up!"
,Recommended,252030,8488043,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TheSmalHobbit,"While this game is more along the veins of a Metroidvania, it doesn't have the same quirky humor that Rogue Legacy has in abundance. But this game does excel over Rogue Legacy in other ways. The colouring and character designs are superb and the music sounds like something that would never be expected in an indie title, it's just that good. The bosses in the game are intelligent to a degree(It's still modern AI), so just running in and slashing like an idiot is not rewarded at all. Which is what a game like this should do."
76561198008458836,Recommended,252030,8837393,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,vaynhp,"Excellent action/adventure game. It has a great metroidvania feel, and the gameplay is tight! Definitely worth 15$"
,Recommended,252030,8853942,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,LeeSalt,"I'm enjoying the heck out of this game! If you're a fan of the NES, GB and GBA Metroids and the 2D Castlevania games between Symphony of the Night through the DS versions, you will love this game too!The music is pretty good and the style and story really make it shine!I'm on my first normal play-through and just got done beating Magus at level 8. It was the most frustrating fight but after you learn her pattern you just need to keep the crystal broken, combo her then jump or dash through her block and combo her again using your assist character and finisher move. When the angel pops out, use the dark rain spell and it's dead in 5 seconds. Then, continue comboing and jumping until Magus is dead.The sense of accomplishment you expierence when you beat something you swear is impossible the first or second try is amazing!"
,Recommended,252030,8990304,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,T20K,"A Kickstarter success story. It's wonderfully designed, has tight controls and different chracters, difficulties and play styles. I must say I'm impressed."
76561198051482123,Recommended,252030,8826380,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Astral,"Not for Everyone!I would recommend this game for the Hardcore types only, casual gamers should avoid this title as you will be endlessly frustrated with its mechanics and control scheme.  Read on for more details.Game Play 6/10 - Game is very easy to get into but requires the old and tired rinse and repeat process till you succeed method.  Defeating bosses are your traditional meat and potatoes, try & die until you learn their attack patterns for openings here.  All too often the difference of 1 pixel is all the leeway you will to have navigating some of the puzzles which is frustration for more of a casual gamer such as myself.Sound/Music 8/10 - I would rate the Sound & Music for this game to be above average for your general jump & slash game.Difficulty 3/10 - Game has a very inconsitent difficulty... very easy to waltz through most of the game, but advancing certain parts or aquiring the teddy bear for example to early can leave you with an over powered boss (blocking your path) too soon in the game, which happended to me.This game is more of a niche type/old school.  While it does have a very similar playstyle as a MedrioVania game, I would still rank it more of an action platformer due to the necessary acrobatics necessary to reach special places or to even proceed through some areas of the game.  While I would not fault a game for keeping extra special items behind difficult to reach places I do fault it for making overly convoluted platforming to advance the story.I did not complete the game because it reached the point of excess in my opinion for overly contrived puzzles which do not fit in with a traditional MetroidVania game."
76561198117684646,Recommended,252030,15861029,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mrisaacvazquez,"Very tight intuitive controls, great combat and platforming, thoughtful boss battles, weapons and armor increase in perfect sized increments(not too big and not too small), 4 characters with 2 1/2 or so play styles each.Please don't make a sequel...Instead please make as many very long expansions as possible.I love this game>>>>>>>>>>"
76561198044826320,Recommended,252030,15865397,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Khani,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun (but challenging) metroidvania esque platform based RPG.This game has great combat and a great amount of customization to it to make the combat feel even better. With the 4 available characters, each who have 4 completely different weapons and skill trees to choose from, the sheer amount of choice makes the game very easy to personalize for your own playstyle.The story is pretty good too, I won't spoil anything but the lore is very deep and fun to read, and they also provide an incentive for actively reading the lore as you get bonus stat points to spend if you find these ""books of the old gods"" scattered around the map.Art design is fantastic, the game looks really good. The main heroes are all fairly unique aesthetically and have individual back stories suited to their play style, but more than that the design of the enemies is great. The diversity from the angels to demons to ferals really makes each sub faction more distinct and individual because of the lengths taken to make them each seem unique.Overall I give this game a solid 8/10, would recommend always buying it on a sale if you enjoy tougher expierences or rpgs, or buying it on full price if you love the genres listed at the top."
,Recommended,252030,8792740,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Golden,"Valdis Story certainly keeps the Castlevania vibes going throughout the experience. The music sets the atmosphere well, and is one of my favorite parts of the game. Gameplay is your standard Metroidvania affair of finding items to access new areas, or revisit previous ones and obtain things that were out of reach. The game has a levelling and experience system, which seems to give the player a lot of options as to how to build their character. Grinding appears to become essential by the end of the game, which is a disappointment. I enjoyed the flow of the game for the first several hours, but hit a brick wall about 5 or 6 hours in. That break in the action is a terrible killjoy to experience, and its akin to something like Circle of the Moon, where you can romp through the game up until the final parts, where suddenly you need 20 more levels.This wouldn't be so bad, but I was playing on the ""normal"" difficulty. Why have 4 different difficulty modes if the lowest one doesn't allow you to play through the game with any sort of consistent pace? I understand having a hard difficulty to challenge experienced players, but it is weird to me to have 4 difficulty modes, none of which allow the player to just make consistent progress.The game seems to dish out tons of extra damage due to its lack of invulnerability frames during damage. This means enemies can combo you while you are helplessly watching. Spikes can play pinball with you and kill you, rather than just dealing some base amount of damage and offering you a chance to escape.Perhaps the most annoying aspect is how the game handles saves with regards to boss battles. If you enter a boss room, you are locked into that fight until you either win it, or load your previous save. This wouldn't be a problem if you always encountered a save room prior to a boss fight. It's not necessarily the case that you find the save room before the boss room, though, and I found it hard to even know I was in a boss room before the door closed and locked behind me.Overall, I like Valdis Story, despite these minor complaints. It would be nice to see these small issues I had with it addressed in some manner. In particular, I'd like to see the lower difficulty settings emphasize flow of gameplay over punishing the player repeatedly. Punishment can be reserved for the players who want to experience that highest level of difficulty. I just want to play the game, because the game that is there is addictive."
,Recommended,252030,9331251,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,comradebrandon,Castlevania: Symphony of the Night feeling anime side scrolling hack and slash. Pretty great.
76561198006351107,Recommended,252030,8623828,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,LordZophar,"I had no idea this game existed until about a week and a half ago when I saw it pop up in the corner of my screen as a friend started playing it. The name instantly screamed ""RPG"" to me and with that being my favored genre of game, I looked into it. What I found was highly intriguing and so I purchased it on a whim. Now, after having finished it, I'd like to share my opinion:Story: 9/10I've been gaming for the better part of 25 years (started at age 3 with the NES back in the late 80s) so I've seen and played a lot of games through all their stories and plot twists, both good and bad. Compared to the titles released by a lot of the AAA companies and developers, Valdis Story stands just as tall as some of the best games I've played. You control a man named Wyatt with an intense grudge and a desire to slay the ""false gods"" as he travels through a forgotten city beneath the sea following a raid gone wrong. The characterization, the pacing, story and the world presented to the player is both simplistic/easy to follow and very well developed. It definitely takes some creative liberties because I've never seen a world where both ""heaven"" and ""hell"" are the bad guys, but the execution is nearly flawless. My only complaint, if it can be called that, is that I was a little confused starting out as far as the lore goes. The confusion is cleared up as the game progresses, for sure, and perhaps that was the intent of the developers. The game definitely raises a few questions still and leaves itself open for future installments with some very nice plot twists.Gameplay: 10/10For any gamer that grew up in the 90s, Valdis Story is best described as a ""Metroidvania"" style game. It has the exploration and progression of a Metroid/Castlevania (Symphony of the Night, anyone?) fused with the level up and individual customization of any good RPG as far as stats, skills, and equipment go. For anyone not familiar with the above term, the best way to describe it is somewhat linear, but as you progress through the game and obtain new abilities and powers, expect certain areas that were previously inaccessible to be reachable now. As far as combat goes, it's very fast paced and fluid as you chain together combinations of light and heavy strikes, aerial attacks, and spells to devastating effect. At times it can be intensely thrilling and at others it can be brutally unforgiving. Don't expect every enemy you encounter to have the same pattern -- half the fun is in studying the foes and discerning their pattern and developing a strategy from there. What's even more exciting is that you are actually graded on your performance, not just in boss battles, but the entire game! As far as boss fights go, you are scored on how fast you win, your combo count, and survivability (did you die and use any healing potions) and are rewarded accordingly with some nice stat boosts. End game scores you on things like your number of retries, the number of civilians you saved, how much of your crew you located, and a combined total score for all the battles you engaged in. For anyone who enjoys a challenge, Valdis Story delivers!Music: 10/10I thoroughly enjoyed the wide range of music throughout Valdis Story. Each song lends itself to the different atmospheres very well and the boss fight theme, especially, the way it starts out, really gets you in the mood for a confrontation. Even some of the more somber themes like those in the towns you visit make you feel the quiet desperation all the more.Visuals: 10/10Valdis Story employs some beautiful, almost cartoon-like, visuals. For me, I loved the simplicity behind them, but they're far from poorly crafted. If you're expecting something top of the line as far as graphics go, you will be disappointed, However, the backdrops and the character sprites are all richly designed and thoroughly different from one another. It's not hard to tell that a lot of care and love went into the art style of this game.Replayability: 10/10This game can quite easily be a ""one and done"" sort of game if you like, or it can be something you revisit from time to time, but the developers gave plenty of options for replayability. There are multiple difficulties (only two are available the first time you play, to be fair) as well as the chance to replay the game through the eyes of another character. And if you're an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥ like me, you'll at least be attempting multiple playthroughs.Overall, for an indie game, I was thoroughly blown away by how well done this game was. I haven't played a game that kept me riveted like this in a long while and it was a very refreshing change of pace. Nowadays, you can expect to pay 50-60 bucks a pop for a Triple-A title, but you don't always get your money's worth. I picked this up when it was on sale for 6 bucks (it's around 15 normally I think) and the amount of time I've put into the game has been well worth the cost. Endless Fluff games has definitely been put on my radar for all future developments."
,Recommended,252030,8207603,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mumeiro,"Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a good metroidvania game. A great artwork, soundtrack and gameplay mixes together to create a journey leaving the player wanting to find out more of the story and the characters. It can be difficult with the platforming and boss battles but the grading system leaves you striving to do better than before. The only complaints I honestly have are areas with constant health drain, and timed platforming, an annoyance that I hate and this game seems to perfect. It would do better with a more in depth quest log (since I tend to ""blah blah blah text"" through a lot of the main story driving dialogue) and perhaps an overall map rather than just the current area. I found myself trying to think of how I progressed through the game in order to figure out where one area was located. Did I mention platforming boss battles with health drain, and regenerating bosses? It can get infuriating fast."
,Recommended,252030,8149821,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,OutMind,"I don't regret buying this game, Valdis Story is a really good challenging game using the metroidvania style of platforming and exploring, it is one of the better action RPGs that i've played; the combat system is superb with all the comboes you can do and is quite detailed and indepth allowing for a lot of variety of playstyles. The game is also in how well it tests your technique and actual skill with enemies scaling and variety so there's always some challenge. Though some of the bosses do feel unfair and some feel like they pop out of nowhere but that shouldn't deter you if your looking for a challenge. If that isn't enough to get you buying it has a lot of replay value with multiple difficulties and characters to try out! The story isn't won't win any awards but its decent and keeps the game's flow going while linking the fights together.Valdis Story is a hidden gem and worth your money.+ Fighting System holds up pretty well+ Pretty Visuals+ Exploration is fun to do+ Has a lot of replay value- Story isn't groundbreaking- Bosses can be infuritating8/10"
76561198017262833,Recommended,252030,8836652,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Fyb3r0pt1k,This is an amazing game! Saw it was on sale and looked intereseting enough for me to try it. Glad I did. There's only two characters to play right now but I'm still finding the story fun to play through multiple times. Grab this when you can!
76561198098092174,Recommended,252030,8603073,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,LordCire,"Fun fighting style for a side scroller, difficutly lvl increases quickly making the game challenging yet still fun, not fond of the use of magic requires you to stand in place for a second and sometimes that makes a difference in a fight, boss fights are unique and enjoyable so far other than the first boss fight there is no just beat them up strategy each one requires a different tactic. Storyline is comical at times and keeps you intrigued on what comes next. Dual storyline playing through as one character have yet to see the second but can't wait. Interesting variation between mobs you fight demons, angels, and beasts known as ferals (which seem to be the toughest), all of which are having a war within this world, humans seem to be barely able to survive in this war thrust apon them. All in all this is a game to buy as long as you like a nice action sidescroller, if you have issues with a game where you will die a bunch of times look elsewhere, but this game fits the bill for vigorous fighting while keeping a intriguing storyline that makes you want to be better at the game to see more of it."
,Recommended,252030,21323901,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kypt,"After Ori the Blind Forest I developed an itch for Metroidvania games so I decided to explore some of the older ones in steam and discovered Valdis Story: Abyssal City.  Not going to write a long review as I'm not a very good writer but I can say this, this game is great and if you're thinking of trying it out, don't think and just do it.ProsRewarding CombatReplayability with different characters, all play different to each otherGreat boss designHuge world with many misseable areas that are fun to explore on subsequent playthroughsArtstyleConsA couple of times the game doesn't remind you what you're looking for so after picking it up after taking a break I had to lookup what and where I was supposed to go as it was in one dialogue bubble once and never mentioned again"
76561198044087721,Recommended,252030,8743681,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Kain,"Lot's of people are complaining about difficult platforming and time challenges, but I am yet to find anything overly difficult in the least.  I suppose the challenges just aren't for the casual gamer.  If you have any skill with these types of games, you'll do just fine. Pick this game up, great graphics and gameplay. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,252030,22051787,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,thepucewizard,"Have you ever wondered what it would be like if Metroid, Castlevania, and Megaman Zero had a three way love child who didn't have to listen to Granddaddy Konami telling them to dress in leather and belts while crying about cruel fate or Nanny Capcom spouting off about DLC?This is that game."
,Recommended,252030,8560907,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,AraGhast,I been sucked into this game for the past few day it was 75% OFF I was kind of septikal of the gameplay then i seen video (BEAT BOSS Rank S) and OST i was like.. what ? 3.75$ FOR THAT ? Shut up and take my money. the purchase was doneas I dwell into the Boss Battle and Not dieing... I found out a Button Retry  I ad to use it alot to repeat the same boss encounter dozen of time in the sake of Get a (RANK S Reward & Achivement)Rank S Reward are Overpowered Reward for ur Stats which make you more powerfullRank A Reward are usually 1 Stat point or like +3 MP alway inferior pick but not bad as C-rank Reward lol tried my selfThe Challenge is more Badass and Mean then any Devil may cry and Castelvania up to date you have to memorize every boss attack and Mobs they might spawn a quick way to (Avoid there attack) as you focus for the main event : the bossYou also have Very Hard Puzzle Challenge that Take you gotta combine the reflex of Super meat boy HD and Patience of trying it cause the half-second count if you fail ur Skill Cancel (Called Dash or Stomp) you won't get itThe map is very confusing however I would suggest a way to know a Room 1-10 and where Chest where taken or not this avoid the headhache of having to re-run the same place 3 time to make sure you got all the Chest / Crew Member
76561197999604891,Recommended,252030,7570396,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,solendale,"If you're into Metroidvania style games, this little gem is right down your alley. With plenty of intense boss fights, items to find and collect, and a rousing story Valdis Story is definitely worth every penny. Though I do have some minor gripes with the usability of the UI and the inability to take screenshots in-game (build 1.0.0.20) I look forward to playing through this with all the other characters and available modes!"
,Recommended,252030,32197157,Posted: 5 June,all,Shiro,2D combat done right.
,Recommended,252030,8779006,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,MrHanMan,"Awesome game!  The controls take a little getting used to, but everything else is incredible.  The art, music, level design...all of it is great.  I'd don't often take games through a second play through, but I definitely will with this one."
,Recommended,252030,8823618,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Hira Seraphim,"I'd recommend this game to anyone that likes Metroid or Castlevania style play and has been looking for a good challenge of late.The combat starts off fairly simple. The game allows you some time to get used to the basic controls, and an easy few levels to start building your char, when most enemies can be defeated by simply blocking and attacking. Before you know it, though, even the common enemies will have you on edge, and some of the boss fights are absolutely brutal. There's also a fairly low level cap, so grinding for extra stats only works for so long, meaning you'll really have to learn the enemies' weaknesses and your build's strengths if you want to progress.The exploration seems to strike quite a nice balance between not telling you where things are, but you somehow finding them anyway if you take a few moments to explore the surroundings. There's a few moments where looking for a certain quest item can be a bit frustrating if you didn't quite catch that one non-repeatable line of dialog that offhandedly mentioned where you should look for a new area, but on the other hand you really won't mind the extra level and additional upgrades you get while looking for them. And seeing how you unlock greater mobility and more keys as you progress, there's usually something new to find every time.I can't name many negatives about the game. The artwork's nice, there isn't a bit of music that I didn't enjoy listening to. It's definitely one of my new faves."
76561198039946871,Recommended,252030,8359965,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vaxdid,"If your looking for a game with a deep combat system and classic, metroid like platforming and exploring, then this is the game for you.*The Story is amazing but needs a little fine tuning, im not sure if this will be taken care of in a squeal or later update.*Combat is increbilbly fuild and varies with character, weapon, and the way you lvl up, leaving for many different ways to play them game and still have fun doing so.*The map isn't very nice; its not bad but there should be an entire map in which you select the area you wish to look at rather then only the area you are in. The style of the map also doesn't match the rest of the game, this may be updated though can can be overlooked.*The Music is nice, but there could have been more tracks, along with different tracks for when main characters are speaking.*The game can prove rather challenging, however this adds to the value of the acheviments. It doesn't just hand out acheviments but they are earned through practice and skill.*I highly recomend this game for anyone that likes games from fighters to platformers, I personally was looking for a game like this for a long time.*9/10 (for now, if issues are fixed, 10/10)***Let me know if there is something else you want me to cover in the review and I will try to adress it.***"
,Recommended,252030,8928240,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Binjin,A sum up of Feral sounds: meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. Very Good Meow Game.
76561197975567178,Recommended,252030,9177701,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Lord Mortimi,"Solid game with some issues. Good grayfix, great music, fun combat and some solid metroid esque exploration make it worth it alone, but the games balance has some issues. You'll need to specialize in one of the stats and find some skill tree abilities that suit you best. Trying to make your charecter well rounded will result in pain.Definitly worth it, just get ready for frustration."
,Recommended,252030,10572473,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Scikala,"A great little metroidvania style title. Although I find it kind of hard to warrant a second play through with the other characters, but I think that fault falls more on me then the game itself."
76561197983141548,Recommended,252030,10595191,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,hatornohat,Really cool metroidvania style game. The difficulty curve can be excruciating at times but it always is satisfying to be able to go back and breeze through battles that were too difficult before.
,Recommended,252030,10596907,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,LatiosG,Hidden Gem in my book. The differnt combat and levleing mecahnics are great and the variety of fighting styles you can use is alot of fun. There is also quite a bit to explore even after you've beaten the game and challenges to beat if you get really into.
,Recommended,252030,10617196,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vladsky,"Would not reccomend Hard for first playthrough, unless you hate yourself."
76561198097937471,Recommended,252030,10623488,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nation Grey,Challenging (mildly frustrating) action game. Familiar RPG elements are easy to grasp. Looking forward to more updates!
,Recommended,252030,10665299,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,President Goodluck Jonathan,It's a great platformer action RPG. It reminded me of a mix of megaman X with more RPG restrictions. There are time and manueverability puzzles and the overall pace of the game keeps it interesting and difficult. Some of the bosses are extremely frustrating until you learn their attack patterns. Absolutely worth at least one play through!
76561197968174306,Recommended,252030,10669811,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Noobsrox,If you like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. you will LOVE this game. it is a hard game. but sooo sooo gratifying when you kill that Treu! hit him square in the face and just let out all the evil in your heart!
76561198014674995,Recommended,252030,10620613,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zephyrhawk,Excellent old-school looking game with great action and plenty of backtracking for metroidvania fans!
76561198064434529,Recommended,252030,10707690,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sticky Mung,"Level up and place your stats, get new weapons and magic skills wtf that's right down my alley. If you love Castlevania type games shove this in your pie hole jerk wad, what are you waiting for."
,Recommended,252030,10722574,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Reckoning,Great!  A fantastic 2D action RPG like Illusion of Gaia and the sort.
,Recommended,252030,10655069,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mikaroni,"This is a good adventure RPG game! It can be sometimes a little on the hard side. Halfway through the game, if you grind like I do, you will notice you have hit your cap and cannot gain any more levels or earn more points for your skill tree. That part disapointed me. Other than that, it is a solid game."
,Recommended,252030,10735275,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ToshioAkira,A good game with a good history if you want history some fights and the fusion of rpg style with castlevania style this is the game
76561198031206901,Recommended,252030,10969603,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,STFUppercut,"This game is great.Solid mechanical design. The gameplay is interesting an responsive. If you die, it's generally your fault.The game flows very well. Solid pacing, good narrative, and good difficulty scaling.The level of polish is great for the price. Amazing graphics and sound.Would highly recommend to anyone who might be interested in an action/metroidvania/RPG combo."
76561197970574411,Recommended,252030,8498451,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mistake n' Potatoes,"Everyone needs to start paying attention to this team, right now.  Pour love and support onto them because these are the beginnings of greatness."
,Recommended,252030,10391859,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Selva Peluda,You do the jumpin' and the slicin' and the killin' with the warrior thingy. You get to do the punchin' and the smackin' with the fisty girl. 10/10.
76561198030249003,Recommended,252030,8490375,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kasheem009,"If you're looking for a rewarding Metroidvania game, look no further. This game has great combat mechanics, awesome maps, and a story that was better than I could have ever hoped for."
,Recommended,252030,11172636,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ManlyTheStanley,"First off the game itself is beautiful in terms of artwork and music. the combat system is fun and intense after you get the hang of it and with the usage of different weapons make it even more intense. the armour and weapon upgrade system is cool although I found it to be a bit lacking in terms of wanting to personalize the weapon (i.e add ice to a sword or poison instead of the preset). the puzzles can get frustrating at times as well, there were many times I found myself saying ""f**k it, I'll get it later"" lots of different bosses each with a unique fight and tactic to kill instead of the run of the mill run up and beat it up.In summery: its a beautifully fun game that is a blast. iIrecommend it to anyone who enjoys the metroid/castlevania play style."
76561198062885821,Recommended,252030,11176265,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,dibbidydo,"If you liked the classic SNES-style metroidvania games, this one will be just as you remember: pretty hard with clean graphics and a good flow. The only downside is that it still seems to be in ""beta"" after quite a while, and so there are aspects of the game that still make it feel unfinished (some empty rooms, the promise of new characters, etc).Some argue that the timing puzzles are too hard, but if you use a keyboard or a gamepad with a d-pad, they're about on par with your Super Metroid-esque timing puzzles.Overall, if you can look over some empty spots, it'll give you some good hours of entertainment."
76561198101607929,Recommended,252030,11143576,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Dandylion,"A RIDICULOUSLY difficult and unforgiving Metroidvania style game with beautiful style and tight controls. Bosses are stupendously difficult, but when defeated give a real sense of accomplishment, along with the insanely difficult platforming sections. The level system is a bit regular, and there is minor backtracking but neither really impact the game much. Overall my biggest issue with it is the vagueness of the quests, and the map mechanics, which are both minor complaints. Overall Valdis Story: Abyssal City is absolutely worth your time, with decent replayability and gorgeous visuals this is a 9/10"
76561198053787782,Recommended,252030,8566008,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ivalice,This is an amazing game. It like a Megaman game combined with a Metroidvania. It's in its early stages and new content is being added.
,Recommended,252030,7611011,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Guilber,"Bom, não é la aquelas coisas. O jogo é bom, tem uma boa jogabilidade, mais acaba pecando em alguns assuntos, como a história por exemplo. Ele é bem parecido com Dust, cheio dos segreds e etcPor 25 reais você consegue pegar jogos melhores, mais se estiver interessado no game mesmo assim, vá em frente."
,Recommended,252030,9446751,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,odwsm,Rly good gameCool battle system and hard bosses
,Recommended,252030,7570750,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,utopianh,"This game, is freaking awesome.If you want a game that feels like a legitimate contender with Castlevania: Symphony of the Night this is it.  Be prepared it's difficulty is on part with Ys: Oath in Felghana and Castlevania: Order of Eclessia and Castlevania Dracula X Chronicles."
,Recommended,252030,8575142,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,RadicalM1nd,"Super fun and challenging Metroidvania-type game. Has some flaws, but for the cheap price it's definitely worth it. First playthrough took me about 10 hours and there's 3 other characters available."
,Recommended,252030,14058402,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,RuySan,An excellent metroidvania that unfortunately didn't had much hype. Incredible fighting system.
76561198026700243,Recommended,252030,24072115,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,haozertree,Over the last few weeks I have had this serious urge to play the Metroidvania games.  This is one of the best games in this genre which I have played on PC.   The gameplay is awesome once you are used to pressing down then direction for dash.  The game art has good details and the challenge is just perfect with good replaybility.  The music is great too.   I have just finished with two characters and will finish the game with the other two.  If you like Metroidvania style just get this game.
76561197987512700,Recommended,252030,24095663,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,vitloken,"If you like Zelda 2, Silver and Anime. This 2D sidescroll game mix hack and slash and  RPG and is realy entertaining. Figts are repetitiv, but still fun.Note:Gamepad is strongly rekomended."
,Recommended,252030,8614449,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sharkie,If you like metroidvania type games you will love this one~
,Recommended,252030,18408454,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Vex,"Really solid brawler/Metroidvania hybrid--there's lots of exploration and powers for maneuvering around the world, but also a tightly-controlled and frantic combat system. Great bosses and cool skill trees, too. Cool visual style and a fantastic soundtrack are just icing on the cake.The campaign isn't very long, but there are 4 characters to play through it with with very different playstyles--true to any good Metroidvania, it's a blast to replay, especially on the higher difficulties. This game was a huge surprise--I can't believe it didn't get more discussion. I can't wait to see what these guys make next."
,Recommended,252030,32823236,Posted: 26 June,all,RampasBRZ,"I was really surprised by how much I enjoyed playing this game. If you enjoy the platform genre with a somewhat hardcore combat and RPG elements, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,252030,15880969,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ske-Lime-ton,"It's a 2D metroidvania-like game with crafting, skill trees and RPG stats. There are 2 characters to choose from (4 when you beat the game for the first time) and each of them of them have very different play styles and abilities, with multiple unlockable weapons for each of them, which changes the play style even further, and on top of that, every character has different magic powers. Also lots of boss fights, and not bullet sponge bosses, ones that will make you retry multiple times the first time you fight them. And no bugs, like, at all, nothing messed up the game, which is rare for a game made in the last 5 years (how f***ed up is that?) The main story took me 8 hours to complete (HLTB says 11 hours, so I must be a good person at this)(Bought at $9.74)"
,Recommended,252030,8536158,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ｒ Ｈ Ｙ Ｍ Ｅ,"Well made metroidvania game. Great art, music, and boss combat. Decent story but the writing is weak in some areas, especially dialogue. Worth buying on sale."
,Recommended,252030,29171595,Posted: 10 January,all,Solty D,"A good Metroidvania title that suffers from a couple of flaws, Valdis Story: Abyssal City combines replayability, crafting, and difficulty into a game that delivers an overall fun experience that occasionally lacks direction. It's a game that offers some good ideas, solid execution in most areas with some aspects that could use improvement and serves as a good first action game entry from Endlessfluff Games.Valdis Story allows you to assume control of one of up to four characters (two locked on the first playthrough) as you explore a city, fight angels and demons and learn the fate of a goddess and her daughters. The controls are clean and work well, allowing for dash-cancels, stuns and blocks that add some depth to the fighting. The sprites are usually small and the graphics a bit simple and repetitive, but they get the job done. Some simple timing puzzles are involved in the gameplay, all in the vein of hitting a switch and then getting to a chest or exit before the timer runs down. Many timers are generous but getting some chests require precise, quick control.A crafting system allows you to upgrade your weapons and armor with the loot you find off of enemies. There is no standard money system in the game, only the barter of items. This adds some complexity but also can be frustrating when a specific material is needed for an upgrade or item and one has to go back to a specific area to farm a screen's worth of enemies until enough of that material drops.One of the strategic aspects of the game is just how many things can be permanently missed in a playthrough. Entire towns can suddenly have their populations go missing forever, and the game only sometimes warns you that this is a possibility. In fact quite a lot of the game's choices are time-based go with very little in the way of explanations and hints - several of these take the form of ""If X isn't completed within Y hours after Z first happens, then branch B happens and there's no warning and no going back."" This is not as big of a loss as it first appears, because Valdis Story is a relatively short game (8-10 hours on a first playthrough, significantly less on future games) and playing through multiple times and learning the branching paths and how to trigger them is part of the fun of the game. Some more exposition or an in-game warning when a deadline is approaching would have been welcome, though.Your character levels with a skill tree that allows for customization in three different major aspects of your character (melee damage, armor/health improvement, magic damage). The balance of skills is a bit uneven and some skills felt much, much stronger than others but it made for interesting choices while leveling. Each level also grants an extra point in a main attribute, which then affected your character's stats in a way that felt arbitrary. Sometimes, putting a point in Luck gave more power and critical strike than putting a point into Strength, and provided bonuses in other stats as well!There are many areas to explore, all of them connected to the main towns so one is never far away from some action. However, it is very easy to find oneself underleveled for an area or a particular boss, without a clear indication of where the player should be if they are not powerful enough for the current area. Some bosses have both regenerating shields and self-healing, which can be a very frustrating experience if the player doesn't have enough damage output to overcome those obstacles. Some grinding and crafting is very useful above Normal difficulty to help with this.Although Valdis Story has some flaws and quirks, it is overall an interesting game that is a pleasure to play and explore and encourages more playthroughs to determine what aspects of the story can be changed through the player's actions (or inaction). I'm looking forward to seeing more out of Endlessfluff."
,Recommended,252030,24165890,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Noxtea,"a quick reviewthis game kinda reminds me of dark souls - great atmosphere, skillfull combat system, explore and get lost in a huge worldit packs decent platforming/puzzlingit has decent weapon/armor variety(with actual differences not just looks)there are multible characters to play and a bunch of lovely and interesting side characters to findthere's a wide variety of magic(used for combat but also for platforming)there's a neat skill tree to emphasize one's playstyleoverall great rpg elementsall of this makes the combat AMAZING. i keep coming back to this game. you have so many options to choose from and each one makes for a different playing experience.btw this game is NOT easy. some bosses give you quite a challenge, some (optional) platforming section are really hard toodefinetly give this game a try. it's totally worth the 15 bucks."
76561197962506421,Recommended,252030,16949761,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Adamant Consternation,"Pros:Gorgeous 2D art directionA sound track worthy of any Castlevania titleSuper responive controllsCombat is slick as hellSolid writing even if the overall plot is a bit thin.Four playable chractersBoss fights are a blastCons:Map system could be better. It shows you what room you are in, but not where in the room you are.Doesn't make you sandwichesThis is, quite simply, a masterpiece of a Metroidvania, and you are doing yourself a disservice by not playing it if you're a fan of the genre. The sheer amount of love and joy that has been put into every aspect of the game design is mind boggling and awe inspiring, and living proof you don't need a multi-million dollar budget to make something incredible.So stop reading my verbal intercourse about this game and go play it!"
,Recommended,252030,17151769,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,M8,gr8
76561198026897414,Recommended,252030,17358249,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,thrownmonkey,"For those who are fans of the side scrolling versions of Metroid and Castlevania, this is a wonderful return to the style of exploration game play that was a hallmark of the two series.  The mapping feature is not quite as good as the SNES Super Metroid as it only shows you the section of territory you are currently in.  You will find a lot of customization of your character based on how you want to play the game.  Between armor and skill variations, along with a few choices in weapons, you can generally find a path of play that works best for how you want to go through the game.While the main story can be completed in around 5 to 8 hours on the first play through, it has a lot of potential for replay and continued play as more then one character is available for play (up to four different characters after you complete the game the first time).I would strongly recommend a controller of some form with shoulder buttons.  There are a number of options for special attacks and magic that a 8+ button controller is highly beneficial for game play.  While it might be possible to play with just the standard keyboard, I personally would have had alot of issues with the game play due to the way magic is activated in the game (holding the main control pad in one of the four main movement directions and then pushing the magic button).  The ability to switch magic effects on the fly is also much easier to handle if you have access to shoulder buttons on the control pad you are using.While the story of the game is interesting, I would not say I was overly won over by it.  If anything, I felt like I was playing the middle chapter of a longer game.  Effectively you are dropped into the middle of the story with very little background other then what is provided by the opening cinematic.  You get some hints at the character backgrounds as you progress through the various NPC interactions, but don't expect a deep and rich story.  At it's heart, this game is more focused on game play and exploration, both of which are very solid once you get past the need for a controller of some form."
76561198051020060,Recommended,252030,9828702,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,mccoyed,"This is a fine successor to the Castlevania: Symphony of the Night tradition. Love the graphics, the high fantasy world, and even the nostalgia-inducing obtuse gameplay."
,Recommended,252030,10898627,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thunderhill,Classic Hack & Slash with 'Actually' useful unlockables. 8/10
76561198023891248,Recommended,252030,9497871,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Guilt Clause,"This is the single best single-player action game I've ever played. This easily eclipses Symphony of the Night, perhaps not in scope and length, but in sheer entertainment. The lore in the world of Valdis Story is rich and enchanting, the exploration is rewarding, the customization is so much fun and the combat is impeccable. All of the visuals in this game are beautiful and it's a wild and entertaining game start to finish.I did have a few problems with it here and there. I encountered more than one game-freeze or other such glitch, but due to an automatic quicksave feature, I never lost more than a minute's worth of progress.TL;DR: Not perfect, but the best action platformer in existence."
76561197989546363,Recommended,252030,9303433,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,DonnyBojangles,"Awesome metroidvania gameplay, satisfying combat and platforming, unlockable equipment and abilities and customisable skill loadouts. Definitely worth playing."
76561197986986653,Recommended,252030,8464918,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,misled_youth11683,this is a great game to pick up. it reminds me of and old metroid or castlevania games. the story is fun and the combat works well. at times it can be frustrating when groups of enemies will juggle you to death but still worth picking up.
76561197983915029,Recommended,252030,11117850,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bottleorum,"Fan of Metroidvania? Get this. It's everything I loved about Super Metroid, from fluid complex combat, to power ups galore. Tons of loot to be had, and the backtracking becomes faster and faster as you get new abilities. Not to mention the zones are small enough that 5min will get you through to your new items and out.There are FEW issues here, but some of them are daunting (keep in mind, I played through on God Slayer, the highest difficulty).1. Difficulty of certain MOBS is ridiculous. Flying skulls are horse♥♥♥♥♥♥early on, and the spider mini-boss is ridiculous to fight. This isn't because of the upped difficulty, these mobs are just terrible to deal with.2. Some of the 'puzzles' (read: platforming on a time limit) are a pain. Imagine you're playing this game on normal, and the puzzles are on God Slayer difficulty.That's it though. This game is awesome. I seriously can't think of any other issues, and can't wait to play through it again with Vladyn when he is released."
,Recommended,252030,11396298,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[Baus] SicShit,"Great MetroidVania game. A little short, but there's a couple of characters you can play as. Looking forward to the two locked one's when the new update arrives."
76561198069468270,Recommended,252030,10189918,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Pachimari,"A super fun action/puzzle/platformer Thing. The puzzles require a brain, the story is purrty good and you can tell a lot of work was put into the universe this game is set in, the combat is also fast paced, intuitive and fun!"
76561198009662092,Recommended,252030,10463058,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jimby,"While the controls are not as intuitive as they could be, there is little else to gripe about in this game.  I generally describe it as a Devil May Cry Castleroid.   The combat has specific styles and patterns of fluidit\y like DMC, but the format, levels, and RPG elements have that newer 2D Castlevania feel.I enjoyed how you can't everything in one run, and it rewards you with stats for your skill in boss fights.  Consequently, New Game+ is a great option, with the option for quick exploratory playthroughs, and deeper perfectionist runs.For the truly fanatical, there is a hardcore mode (no saves/continues) with a global leaderboards.  Mere mortals like me won't be doing a lot of this, but it exemplifies the way the game provides challenge and replayability for players of all skill levels."
76561198110431990,Recommended,252030,10237510,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,StevenYJTsai,"cool game & highclass BGM, highly recommended..."
,Recommended,252030,32574683,Posted: 19 June,all,DarkMantle,"This game is just amazing. The art, the story, the gameplay... Seriously, one of the best Metroidvania games out there, a must buy if you like the genre.I would love a sequel (or a prequel), but sadly the developers are working on something else right now. But still, this one is a precious indie gem that every hardcore plataform gamer should play."
,Recommended,252030,32662666,Posted: 22 June,all,Nick Applesauce,"I can't recommend this game enough. It's quickly risen to my top 5 games recently, as after years I decided to just sit down and beat it. And I'm so glad I did(shoutout to my good friend Will for inspiring me with his insults).Tight controls, beautiful aesthetics, fantastic soundtrack, gripping story, tons of replayability, the game really does have it all. It's a bit tough for my (lack of) ability, but I'm hoping to get better. If you're a fan of Metroidvania's, or of action-platformers, then this game is a must-buy. It's a damn shame it didn't get mainstream attention, but I guess that's the struggle of being a hidden gem. Looking forward to the studio's future games. Especially a Valdis Story sequel ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,252030,32691869,Posted: 23 June,all,𝒦𝐀𝒯𝘚𝔘ℝ𝙰𝒟A,Amazing game. The combat style is great and the stat and ability combinations are abundant. If I had friends I'd recommend this game to them.
76561198056092214,Recommended,252030,15862194,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Simon Lee Zombie,"A lot of people call this a ""metroidvania"" which I think is a fair tag. It is a fun game with some frustrating platforming and tough boss fights that you can usually win the first time, but if you want the ""high"" rank you need to probably retry them a few times. I definitely recommend this if you're a fan of old fashioned side scrolling games.I feel like I'm playing the SNES version of Wanderers of Ys all over again."
,Recommended,252030,17045472,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,roaet,A great game that truly captures the Super Metroid or Castlevania SOTN feel.
76561198045642905,Recommended,252030,15922190,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rasarik,This game is amazing.
76561198027817170,Recommended,252030,16036532,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Viewtiful Devil,"PROS:MetrovaniaCombat SystemCharacters Feel UniqueHighly Customized Character BuildsAmazing Art StyleWorld Building LoreTangible Risk/Reward RankingsAccessible But Heavily Rewards SkillCONS:No World Map Readily AvailableLow Level CapCombat Ranking a Tad UnforgivingNo Real New Game+Valdis Story is one of the best Indie Metrovanias I've played yet. I'd even say it ranks up there with many of the ""professional"" Metrovanias. The world is moderately large, and the game adheres by the classic Metrovania formula of: Go to place, see unreachable door, progress in different direction and get power-up/item, backtrack to previous location and us power-up/item to go throw door, rinse and repeat. Although quite a few of the aforementioned areas (that require significant backtracking anyway) are optional so the formula doesn't damper the game, if you're not into it. Combat is smooth and the combo rewards system is a pretty nice incentive to get better at the game.Each of the four characters all feel unique, and have their own weapons, strengths, and (at least one unique) set of spells. The two starting characters have subtle nuances that set them apart from one another (aside from the different set of weapons), but the two other characters feel completely different. The story is relatively simple, but does a good job of world building and draws you into the conflict pretty well. The art style is stunning with each backdrop/sprite/item looking hand drawn and animated superbly smoothly.While each area has it's own map, you cannot look at the map of other areas that you are not in so it's sometimes difficult to tell where you need to go next. The rating system offers often significant stat boosts, which is a great incentive to improve and get better. However the ranking for Combat (damage taken vs given) is rather unforgiving at times. The low level cap of 20 also makes each stat and skill point very important so getting the best stat boosts is pretty important. There are also a number of limited resources which means that you can only upgrade a few spells, weapons, armors so you have to choose wisely. Also there's no new game+ (the only things that carry over are weapons but not any upgrades on them), which I feels is a bit of a detriment to the game as a whole."
,Recommended,252030,15993767,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Yugmi,"One of the best metroidvanias i have ever played, as simple as that."
,Recommended,252030,17421924,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,yoshishark,"Personally I enjoyed this game despite how frustrating it can be.  My biggest complaint about the game is that you earn stat increases when you do well against bosses...which means the people (like myself) who need the stat increases don't get them. When I realized this, and after failing to defeat the final boss many MANY times, I finally decided to start the game over and retry every boss until I could pull off an A or S rank.  With the stat increases I moved through the game more easily and I was finally able to beat the last boss (though I still had to skip a few optional bosses to maintain my sanity).I read a review once that said that this game is not for casual gamers...that might be true...and although I do wish this game had a casual mode, I am a casual gamer and I beat it, so there. (At least on Normal...I don't even understand how there can be 3 higher difficulties to this game lol)"
76561198159957404,Recommended,252030,17436972,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,P-Funk,"I want to start off by saying that I am obsessive about Metroidvania games. I absolutely love them, Metroidvania is by FAR my favorite game genre. I got sucked into Metroid on NES as a kid and I never looked back. I've played all of the Metroid games, all of Iga's Castlevania games, the entire Shantae series, Cave Story, the Wonder Boy/Adventure Island games, Guacamelee, and basically every decent game on Steam with a Metroidvania tag. If you can think of a MV game, I've probably played it.Now, I didn't say all of that to toot my own horn. I said all of that so you would know my gaming background and that I have plenty of comparisons when I say that Valdis Story: Abyssal City is one of the most enjoyable and well made MV games that I've ever played. Valdis Story ranks right up there with any of the greats. The character and scene design is beautiful, the gameplay is spot on, and the soundtrack is a treat to listen to.I do have two minor gripes about the game, but they are just that, minor. First, the game slows down every now and then when there's a lot happening on screen. I have a fairly high end gaming rig and this should just not be happening. Luckily, I've noticed that if I go into the options menu and switch the only graphical setting from high to low it fixes the slowdown with no visable difference to the game. So that's not even really an issue. Second, there's no overall world map. This is probably my biggest irritation when playing the game. Each area has it's own map that shows the exits to the area you're in, but not where the exits lead to. The individual maps aren't bad maps (they show you the number of exits a room has, what type of locked door is in said room, etc), but one large map showing the entire game would have been much better.This game also has a ton of replay value. Aside from the fact that there are four completely different characters which all have unique skill trees, there are many different ways to build each one. I'm on my fourth playthrough and I've still only tried the first character.Just do yourself a favor and get this game.Dear Endless Fluff,I saw someone in another review attempt to bribe you for a sequel by promising to get a Wyatt tattoo if you deliver another game. I'd like to echo his sentiment and his promise. If you come through with a sequel, I'll also get a Valdis Story tattoo.Love,Palmer"
,Recommended,252030,23974842,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Swagsire,"Fantastic game, through and through, its both challenging and frustrating at times, but when is a metroidvania game NOT those things. The combo system takes some getting used to but its honestly not too terrible, The movement is crisp and the platforming is fairly easy, though I do wish jumping were a bit less... OG Castlevania and more Aria of Sorrow, control can be difficult to maintain around the spiked blocks midway through the game. Regardless, this is easily the best metroidvania I have played since Fusion or SotN Only a few hours in with Wyatt so far but I can hardly wait to try the other 3 characters."
76561198055492657,Not Recommended,252030,19991071,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SoraBlue,"-Update 2017-On a beter computer now, still dealing with Slow frameskip on lower settings. Still waiting for a fix.-Edited 2016-Everything from above, untill they fix the frameskip on the game. They blamed my computer (that runs way higher graphic games)Just got it, 2 hours of gameplay right away.If you are a Fan of Castlevania series, you will love this Jewel!"
76561198285389157,Recommended,252030,33199592,Posted: 3 July,all,Exogen EmoKpecmbI,"I was searching in steam for a good platformer, and i finally found one.5 minutes of gameplay was enough to say — THIS. THIS IS BEAUTIFUL. Combo based, RPG, stunning visuals, fast-paced fight's with awesome animations and original characters. Give me 2, please! *throws money*BTW: Reina Gaius was actually the reason i started to play. Amazing character design! Bless developers for creating such a good game <3"
76561197970815276,Recommended,252030,33257808,Posted: 4 July,all,Ravens,"Favorite new metoridvania style game right here. I love the story, how it hints at events in the past, the characters, the moves, the play style, the graphics, and definitely the music. Best new small action game for me in a long while. Awesome boss fights, plenty of secrets, and a really really good story."
,Recommended,252030,33249079,Posted: 4 July,all,Rayne,"I'm a huge fan of metroidvanias and this is my 2nd time purchasing this game just to support the developers as this game delivered everything you expect from a good metroidvania, you get hardcore platforming, amazing art, intense music right off the bat (seriously the ost is top notch), tight and precise controls, fluid combat system. It may seem challenging but it feels rewarding when you finally beat a hard boss, the map was easy to read and I don't think I ever got lost. In addition to that there is a skill tree Warrior (offense), Guardian (defense), and Savior (spellcasting) which will allow you to customize your character the way you want it and in case you mess up, don't fret as the game allows you to reset the skill tree later. There are multiple characters with their own fighting style so it has great replay value.Valdis Story: Abyssal City was a really pleasant surprise for me and anyone who is a fan of metroidvanias or action platformers in general should pick up this gem."
,Recommended,252030,35444556,Posted: 3 October,all,Semixam,"This is an incredible game.Pros :Very tight combat. Very,very tight combat with a lot of intricacies.Four characters; with their own weapons; spells; and large amount of possible builds; some that change the fighting style a lot. (not just speed/timing but also movement, possibilities, positioning )The music ranges from OK to Great, and is always very fitting.The boss fights are the best part of the game. You will have a love/hate relationship with them - they are not gentle. They do not play nice. Some bosses are easy with some characters but very hard with others, (Depending on the build you chose, Magus will make you cry) None are rushed, when mastered all are satisfying.Super nice boss rush mode.Neutral :Platforming  takes a while to get used to - the controls are responsive and not clunky, but they are unusual, you will probably die to that and redo the speed sequences a lot. But once you're used to them, it's smooth sailing.The Map is just okay. No really satisfying secret.No breathtaking or very rememberable scenery - the game is beautiful, mind you, it's not boring or bland . But I have not been ""stricken"" by a level like in some Castlevanias.Cons:The way knockback is handled can be infuriating, expecially on Godslayer difficulty (which wears its name well)The story is honestly.. not so good. So are the characters themselves and the dialogs. But the rest of the game more than makes up for that."
76561198063569742,Recommended,252030,33616602,Posted: 17 July,all,Thundernaut,"Totally recommended.This game seemed amazing on the trailer and I love action-sidescrollers so I bought it, theres no plowtwist the game is actually really cool in the art style and the combat.-Great artstyle (seriously I loved it).-it is not a metroidvania game in my opinion as it does not encourage exploring enough (as the map is too basic and because of this you will miss a ton of stuff) but really similar in other ways.-The lore is quite good, its a really good start for a second game and getting deeper into this story.-The story while entertaining its not really that cool (except for the ending which I'm really looking foward for the second game)-Multiple characters to choose from which encourages multiple playthroughs, I'm not sure if the story changes significantly depending on the character though.There are some annoying things like the map or sometimes lack of direction (which can be solved by looking at the internet) that interfere with a better experience.Overall its a really great game, seriously grab it if you like action sidescrollers.Ps: Devs I'm wainting for the second game."
,Recommended,252030,33672728,Posted: 20 July,all,purefunked,"This is a fantastic game. Looking through the reviews of people complaining about the controls, I have to disagree. Its not sloppy or sluggish. Its very presice and you get rewarded for taking the time to learn the system. It seems most people want to just run through the game and hack and slash and have an easy time. If thats the case, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,252030,34223861,Posted: 13 August,all,Optimus_Mega,"This game is fun but be warned. There are many things about this game that scream Castlevania Symphony of the Night, and I even felt myself becoming more engrossed in that old feeling, but the game just doesn't have boss doors which makes  wondering aimlessly annoying. Beyond that little issue I have with the game, the rest of the experience is a treat. If you enjoy Metroidvania games, you will like this game."
,Recommended,252030,33226871,Posted: 4 July,all,Awakening,Really good 2d action game.It rewards your boss fights performance with nice bonuses.It has 4 different character to choose from and story varies a bit between them.
76561198027267015,Recommended,252030,33754482,Posted: 23 July,all,Frigerigador,"A game with fast paced combat, good music, promising story and great main characters with distinguishing qualities and play styles. The game itself may be a little short, but the map's size is just right for backtracking to previous restricted areas without it feeling too tedious. Each character has three skill trees, where 2 main trees are different approaches to their play style, and the other is a defensive/support tree (support because you don't really want to invest too many points in defense). The controls are precise and combos feel rewarding. It has a minor setback, though; there's a guard+magic input that takes you to a spells menu that can be quite irritating when you are in the middle of a fight.My only problem with this game is an enemy (yes, just one) early on that may feel a bit unfair because of how much it spams its' attacks and keeps juggling your already dead body, and like 2-3 bosses that take you out of the flow of the fight by making you break some obnoxious thing that keeps out-healing them. The difficulty also really falls off to the end of the game: the last boss is a joke unless you don't spend your points well.I'd rate Valdis Story: Abyssal City with a 8.5/10 overall"
76561198005635097,Recommended,252030,35101069,Posted: 21 September,all,Mepholar,"Beat this game multiple times. Metroidvania. Lots of fun. It has noticeable difficulty spikes to keep combat interesting. It IS a very linear experience dressed up as an exploration game so if you want the freedom to explore you might be disappointed.Boss fights involve pattern recognition and trial and error, but if you die you can immediately retry. After completing boss fights you get rated, and getting top marks will upgrade your character. In a nutshell if you're playing on low difficulty you can ignore this, but if you're going high difficulty you'll need to score well in a fight to be able to succeed late game.The game itself is short. Only about a sixth the size of castlevania SOTN. There are 4 characters though, 3 skill trees per character, and several weapons per character; each with its own move set. Expect either a fun afternoon game or a game with lots of replay."
76561198104061899,Recommended,252030,33257373,Posted: 4 July,all,Krullness,"If your looking for an old school 2d side scroll RPG like Castlevania SOTN, then this is your game. Granted its not a huge as SOTN, but it makes up for it with multiple characters each with unique play stlyes. Each character also has their own part of the story so you need to play all to get the whole thing. You can respec in game multiple times if you want so you can try differernt builds without multiple playthroughs. Once you beat the game you can start an new one with the same characters carrying over any weapons youve unlocked. Multiple difficulties so you can have fun or grind you teeth while bleeding everything dry trying to get through the hardest difficulties."
76561198173899526,Recommended,252030,33324443,Posted: 6 July,all,Groove Wizard,"Phew...To put it roughly, Valdis Story could either be the game of your life, or a sweet-sour moment, because of its biggest strength/weakness, according to what type of player you are : It's the most complex metroidvania I've ever seen.Beating the game normally isn't too much trouble, but achieving 100% completion seems out of reach to me, and as a completionist, I don't like that. x)4 different characters, skill trees, stat points to spend yourself, emphasis on the combo system, cancels (hell yeah, cancels !), assists, weapons and stuff, spells, ultimate attacks, all of which are customable to a point that's almost scary.It's wonderful because you can see everything's been extremely polished and thought to let you play the game the way you like it, and the gameplay feels really great, but there's more theorycrafting involved than I can take.I have to recommend the game because it's a unique experience. Plus, the art, story, bestiary, and boss designs and patterns are neat.Basically, the game clearly has enough content and replayability to spend several hundreds hours on it, so if you don't want that, or don't have time for that, I'd advise considering if those $15 are worth the experience to you. If you don't mind headaches though, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,252030,34189380,Posted: 12 August,all,Grizzlywolf,"This game is hard. Your first playthrough will be the hardest though.This is one of those games where you can make mistakes that change the whole game.I don't recommend a walkthrough though, as it will ruin the fun of discovery. (wait until 3rd playthrough.)-If you go after the most ""beneficial"" (more points) upgrades for stats, rather then going straight for your characters prime stat, (they change on occasion on how much they provide) You're gonna have a bad time.-If you notice changes taking place, and don't address them, You're gonna have a bad time.-If you forget to get back to that thing you left behind, You're gonna have a bad time.-If you do not change the controls to cancel/dash to a different button, Well, I think you get it.-If you liked games like the Guilty Gear series, but also metroid games, this might be the one for you.HINT:ifWHEN you mess up the first playthrough, don't worry!If you complete the game, even terribly, any new weapons you have made will become available at start of any new game.Also, you can always get what you need, even if you kind of screwed the pooch somewhere along the way, it will just take longer."
,Recommended,252030,34029976,Posted: 4 August,all,Spicyflower,"One of the best Metroidvanias and its exclusive to the PC, yay!The game is fairly solid, with nice graphics and a detailed backstory. The gameplay is a tad clunky at first and there are some doubtful design choices, like the spell casting system and the so called ""skill cancel"". Works fine with the old Xbox 360 Controller, but I found that it played much better with a DualShock 3 because of the DPad. Also, the game is not in HD, even though it was released in 2013. I don't mind, but I still don't understand why it is running in such a low resolution.However, I still can't get over how bad the final boss and the secret ultimate boss are. Its hard to explain, but they are just a chore to play. Dumping a huge health pool and spamming some of the most annoying ailments I've seen in a video game, while you are trying to dodge using the less than ideal skill cancel system does not make for an enjoyable experience. Most of the game is very good and the devs are failry new, so Il give it a pass.Give this a try if you are a fan of difficult oldschool 2d games, its  one of the best of its kind on Steam. Just be warned that its a fair challenge even on normal."
76561198040543267,Recommended,252030,34912147,Posted: 12 September,all,N/A,"amazing game. people complaing about the controls arn't wrong but that's part of the learning curve. once you have it, it's good, if you can't use ryu's dragonpunch(street fighter series), don't play.  overall though it's fantastic, good puzzles, good skilltrees, good enough characters. 8/10."
,Recommended,252030,11044161,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,-Lucho Zero/X -,"This is probably the best action beat-em-up game I have ever played in my life.I totally recommend this game, it's a masterpiece: graphics are beautiful, music is amazing, gameplay is impressive and the story is expectacular. Very complete. Game can be unforgivingly difficult at time, but it is easy to learn. Expect some frustration, but not so much that you will just abbandon the game. Requires practice to master but every single second spent in this game is absolutely worth it.I am expecting to see much more from Endless Fluff and more about Valdis Story.I need more.Edit:After so long, the new additions to the game have made me return to it again and I am not disappointed to it. The new characters add a refreshing new way of going through the game, with their own challenge and strategies. Love it!"
76561197990395265,Recommended,252030,17514804,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Chimera,"One of the best Metroidvania games around.Beautiful ""hand-draw"" 2d sprites and stellar soundtrack make this game a shiny gem. If you like Metroidvanias, just get it."
,Recommended,252030,11381118,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,⌠SLIB⌡,Got old pretty fast. Controls didn't feel very tight. Plenty of room for improvement.
76561198042945205,Recommended,252030,10687238,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,They call me weeaboo,very fun  fast paced and tons of action this is a must buy game for platform and hack and slash lovers
,Recommended,252030,12013589,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Tallcat,Really really good metroidvania.
,Recommended,252030,16392508,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wenart_graphichouse,"it is a good game but the difficulty is escalated too quickly, your character get die easily, its either the movement are not fast enough or too many bullets to dodge which makes me wondering is this game genre action rpg or space shooter game, but the good thing is they give unlimited retry option when you died, and can learn the enemy / boss movement to win the fight, and the music is a bit repetitive which is a bit boring.well, there`s so many thing that can be improved in this game, like when the character died, instead making the music stops and change into a musicless scene, you can put the scene into grayscale, and then put the menu there and put some sad music.so my conclusion is, this is a suitable game  for anyone who seeks challange in the action rpg, if you want a challange, this is the right game for you"
76561198050166601,Recommended,252030,10601586,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Toc85,"Valdis Story is a prime time 2D action game.If you were ever in love in Castlevania/Mertroid games, this is definanetly something to you.GRAPHICS: Graphics are up to date and well-made. I would like to make a distinction between strictly technical performance of the graphics and the overall feeling: sprites are not full HD and this might feel lackluster when you played modern Rayman games or Dust:Elysian Trail, however overall design is top notch from the artistical point of view. 8/10MUSIC: Slashing sounds of destruction are done well and I really enjoyed them - during the whole game they did not tired me, and that's a lot. Music keeps up and gives some nostalgic vibe when it's necessary, pumps up during the fights and keeps you on your toes. 8/10STORY: It's good. You are exploring remnants of the city that is lost in time and space. It might feel somehow lackluster, especially when you compare it to other aspects of the game but the game is not about story all that much. Still, I would say that it's better than in any other game of that type I had ever played. 7.5/10 Only because it still has huge potential and I feel I want more.GAMEPLAY: It is basically a 2d action game similar to Castlevania series. You fool around the map, find the new places you can go and explore. You fight, pick up goodies, fight again, go back to town, pump up your skills/lvls/items, rinse and repeat. The game is all about nimble fingers and fast decisions, fighting is the real name of the game and it's core difficulity lies in action. This is where the game really excels and broke me into pieces. You have passive trees that let's you decide wether you want to be magic wielder, relentless sword fighter or unkillable juggernaut - and believe me, they are not just a ball of stats but they force different playstyle. The same goes for armor you can wear. It does not only give you different stats, it also alters the way your character behaves. Did I mentioned that different weapons behave completely different as well? Giuve oyu different animations, attacks and such. Side note: you can play unarmed as well and it is a viable option. On top of that, there are currently TWO different characters that can be played, gameplay experience differs DRASTICALLY. Did I mentioned about assistants that can be summoned any time during the brawl? Well, I just did. Amount of complete builds, gamestyles and possibilities just makes your head spin. 10/10 all the way.FLAWS: It might feel ... short? I am not sure. I really liked the game, it sucked me in and I played until I finished. It took me about ~18h and I really, really wanted more. Experience was really intense, I wouldn't mind if it would take a little bit longer.Valdis Story is still under poroduction and it takes a lot of time. Game is totally playable in it's current state and gives full experience, yet the polishing takes a really long time and if you expect update every week you will get dissapointed.Still only two from total of four characters is playable. Don't get me wrong - in one character there is more depth than in any other Mertroidvania games I have ever played, still I would really like to see the 3rd and 4th character being playable.Overall I do not feel like giving the final score, it's really up to you wether you will like it. If you ever enjoyed any 2d action game - you will be happy. If you are additionally an action RPG junkie trust me, you will love it."
,Recommended,252030,8527580,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,St_Winter,If your looking for a game like Castlevania Syphony of the Night then get this... i've only played a bit of it but the nostalgia i got was amazing. i can not wait to keep playing this and no I'm conflict between ac4 black flag and this.
,Recommended,252030,8514570,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Lav,"Valdis Story is a Metroidvania-esque game with RPG elements. It has a fantastic story, great character development, a lot of awesome music, beautiful art, and a combat system that suits everyone's personal playstyle. As like any traditional RPG, your character levels and you are allowed to set points into stats and skills (Meele/Defensive/Spells). Currently, there are 2 playable characters that, as far as I can see, share the same story. If you finish the story on one character, the other one shouldn't be too tough to play. At the time of this review, the developers are planning on releasing two additional characters; so look forward to that!Now, to the gameplay. On my first playthrough, I tried the game on Hard difficulty. First of all, you may want to rebind keys that are the most comfortable for you. Personally, I like WASD for movement and IJKL for combat and the CTRL key for blocking (I don't have any experience with gamepad, but this game definitely supports it). The game starts off pretty easy, but man does it get tough later on. There are the basic light/heavy attacks that you can combo and the armor/accessories that provide passive skills (ex. Extra damage every 6th attack). For the main character, there are about 4-5 weapons that each have unique attacks and can totally alter your playstyle. Most importantly, you have an ability called Skill Cancel that gives you about a 0.25s invincibility frame that you can dash with and avoid deadly combos. This ability takes about 2sec to recharge and doesn't recharge while you're attacking or being attacked, so you have to avoid attacks (like blocking) often. Later on, you gain more charges of Skill Cancels and have passive skills that recharge it more quickly. Bosses get really tough and test your abilities. They become easier when you know their pattern, but it's still hard to avoid some of their attacks as they require perfect execution within a miniscule window of time.When you defeat bosses, you get scored for your time, damage taken, and skill (Like combos and dodging their attacks). Get a great score (Rank A) and you get stat boosts. Achieve an amazing score (Rank S) and you get a skill point. Personally, I've only been able to get Rank S on a few bosses, in which there are dozens, and it took me many retries. You only get one chance to kill the boss and get a good score, else you have to start from the save point and fight 'em again. If things get too rough, you can farm monsters and level up. I personally didn't find grinding all that boring - I used them as opportunity to test out combos and refine my skills.My only issue is that sometimes, the movement feels a bit wonky. When you do an attacking without pointing a direction after landing on the ground, it does a little dash forward. There was this extremely annoying boss that stands on platforms the width of 2x your character and you'd always fall off into a pit of poison that drains health/mana. Wall jumping sometimes gets confusing in such that they made it so that you can't jump off the same side of the wall twice - if you miss the parallel wall while wall jumping, you cannot jump off the same side again and you will plummet down to the bottom and do it all over. This is an annoyance for the larger gaps.TLDR;Amazing Metroidvania-like game with RPG elements. Great story/character development/gameplay/music/art. Combat has a steep difficulty curve in regards to bosses, but still fun and rewarding. Skill Cancel is vital to gameplay; won't be able to defeat bosses without it. Some minor issues with the movement. Many, many hours of great fun!"
76561198068836753,Recommended,252030,8610852,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,venaeli,"Final Fantasy meets Metroid / Castlevania -esque exploration. I wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this on sale, however if I had known what it was like I wouldn't have waited for it to be on sale."
,Recommended,252030,8533029,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,nurfed,This is a very well done game. Vladis Story brings back nostalgia that I have not experienced in almost 20 years . Simply put just get it.
,Recommended,252030,12511840,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Risren,"This game was a surprise to me, i bought it on a whim when it was on sale, and it ended up being one of my favorite games of the last 5 years.Valdis Story is a Metroidvania style game (platforming 2d rpg), with an excellent battle system, and the upper levels of difficulty feel just right, every time i died i learned from it and got better, I never felt like i was cheated .There is a crafting system in this game, and it's simple and easy to use, without much grinding.To me the best part of valdis story is the bosses, they are difficult, but so much fun, and so satisfying when you finally beat them.con - poison sucks man (drains health and mana)"
,Recommended,252030,27747020,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,keybearer,Each step is greater than the last.
,Recommended,252030,24812095,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Demicore,"Great metroidvania game with fluid gameplay, good challenge at higher difficulties, interesting art style and beautiful soundtrack.Heartily recommended to fans of the metroidvania genre."
76561197972367362,Recommended,252030,10529646,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Badd,"After learning the game mechanics and what each stat actually does, this game became a pure joy. I've played through it multiple times just to try different builds and get better scores on bosses; all of which is very fun to do. Plus, they are still adding content! A great metroidvania-ish sidescroller with intense action, multiple builds and continuing content? Who could say no?"
76561198019910044,Recommended,252030,7623108,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Ackranome,"This game is hard!  Frustratingly so!  Some of the bosses are cheap - and I mean extremely cheap.Others are ... pathetic. You can stand in one spot the entire time and the boss basically doesn't do anything but jump all around the screen and eventually get near you so you whack the crap out of them.Neat story though confusing as sin when you first start the game. Some missables (meaning you'll never have a chance to go back and get them if you don't in the ""right time"" or at the ""particular point in the game."")The game is not designed really for the idea of 100% complete in all sections.  It is meant to be played over and over again.Update:So, I started to play this game again in 2015 - it has been patched a lot from my first play through.  It is more polished, there are some bugs, but not as many as when I first played. It is _a lot_ better now.  It is still ""about as finished"" as when I first played though, they added a few more bosses. I am more consistent at getting ""S Rank"" on boss fights this time around as I understand the mechanics and the general ""path"" to follow to complete the game 100%.There is only one area that I found was a true missable the last time I was in there and there are only a couple items/crew you can miss. So, 95% of the game is not ""missable.""You can either find it or not and a good portion is ""unmissable.""Some of the ""upgrading"" is a bit warped - takes waaay to many materials to upgrade so I think that is a bug or a re-balancing issue.Certain builds (all or nothing) types are enthusiastically OP. If you don't build that way though... you will not have a good time. Or well, you will have a much harder game to complete. I really enjoyed my all stat/skill points in Luck Build that seems like one of the most OP builds in the game currently.I don't find the game as hard as I use - after configuring my controller a bit more to a more generic playstyle it is significantly easier than using a keyboard."
,Recommended,252030,8583159,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,logan024,"Plays good, looks good, sounds good. Quite hard. This game reminded me how bad I am at platformers."
76561198007674930,Recommended,252030,8605845,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Fel,"Pretty good metroidvania, with good music and decent graphics (nice looking, but a bit low resolution).The combat, while less fluid than in titles like Dust, gives a lot of room for choice, with weapons and magics each handling differently.The levelling system and the gear (primarily armours) give you a lot of options to customize your character toward your prefered style.Full offense, full magic, reaction/defense, a mix of these, or even damage over time and debuffs, the choice is yours to make.Bosses are challenging, and the better you do against them, the higher the rewards (experience, and possibly bonus stats or skill points)The combat and plateforming mechanisms definitely require you to get used to it though, and some of the timed portions to get the optionnal gear can get a bit frustrating.On the plus side, you can rebind even your gamepad's buttons to suit your habitudes, and it plays well with both keyboard or 360-type gamepad.Overall, a good package, with more content coming for free later down the line (including 2 additionnal playable characters)"
,Recommended,252030,8722038,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SilentCaay,"I've played an hour of this and I already feel I can make a solid recommendation. I don't use the term ""Metroidvania"" lightly because Castlevania is one of my all-time favorite series so a poorly made Metroidvania is NOT a true Metroidvania, IMO. That said, if you love Castlvania: Symphony of the Night or any of the GBA/DS Castlevanias, you will love this game. It's not *quite* as professionaly polished as SotN but it's like 99% there and even the soundtrack is Castlevania levels of amazing. This is hands-down the best non-Konami branded SotN style game I've ever played. I paid $3.75 for this and I feel I ripped off the developer, lol.HowLongToBeat.computs this as a 10-12 hour game so even for full price I have to say ""Buy this game. Buy it now!""."
76561197960795824,Recommended,252030,8609490,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,xelloss,"Probably the best side scrolling RPG I have played, and I have played quite a few over the years."
76561198005656122,Recommended,252030,8697222,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,axyx,"In a word: masterpiece. Lots of replay value. Very fun to play, a must for every 2D action lover."
,Recommended,252030,8989389,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Tobi,This game is soo good! love it so much fun (recommended)
76561198040009639,Recommended,252030,10245994,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,The Dude,"Dude ApprovedAt it's core Valdis Story is a platformer adventurer in the vein of Metroid and Castlevania (Arguably pulling from the middle aged Castlevania's like Aria of Sorrow and Symphony of the Night more than the original classics) and it rewards skilled players with faster levelling and more damage from pulling off combos without getting hit. Luckily even if you're like me and lack the ability to make the game work for you with it's skill cancels and wall acrobatics you can still get down and dirty giving as good as you get.One of my favorite parts of the game so far has to be the spells and affinity bar. Each directional key as well as jumping has a spell linked to it ranging from the left right directions being line shots to up and down having numerous utlity and damage uses from stealth to healing and even giving your attacks magical properties. The affinity bar is nifty because each slotted spell and equipped item (When they're aligned) slides it either towards Light or Dark giving you benefits related to your stats Neutral is naturally jack of all trades, Dark is for offense giving increase status effect chance and resistance penetration while Light focuses on survivability and utility giving bonus defenses and bonus damage on your Assists.I will reiterate that the game rewards skill relying on crackerjack timing for some of the puzzles...and sometimes just luck but the frustration melts away when you get to that chest and get a permanent upgrade, a snazzy new piece of armor or even make it to one of your crewmates who somehow got himself locked into a room you needed key items to get into...stupid crewmates.On the whole Valdis Story : Abyssal City is fun, difficult and frustrating but definitely worth it if you enjoy games in it's genre or even if it's your first dip into the pool."
76561197969544001,Recommended,252030,11486409,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"This is one of the best games on steam, I highly recommend it to gamers who have a soft spot in their heart for metroidvania's and difficult content. It also has one of my favorite game soundtracks of all time. It's a very rewarding game!"
,Recommended,252030,8585185,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gough Whitlam,"The best indie game i have played in a long time, the platforming and RPG elements work well together which isn't something you see too often. While the battle system is a little basic there's plenty to keep it interesting and i haven't felt as though any of the dungeons were repetitive thus far. The games bosses and puzzles are legitimately challenging i started on the second hardest difficulty and some of these fights were seriously brutal, you have to aticipate every move and execute your combos flawlessly, the timed challenges for loot are also pretty damn hard, every single one needs to be executed within 0.5-1 second (sometimes less) of the fastest possible time but it still feels like its worth it because you're always rewarded with a piece of fat♥♥♥♥♥unique loot (its also the only way you can get armours). Everything about this game is pure quality, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,252030,8638993,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Valya (っ◔◡◔)っ ♥,"Solid rpg, a little bit frustrating at times, but I guess it has to be to keep the tension up. Worth it's low price."
,Recommended,252030,8710680,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Omnia,"This is a wonderful ""metrovania"" style game. A nice handful of boss fights that are fun to fight and master for achieving S rank within them. Both playable characters are different to play and have a variety of playstyles. Expect to take anywhere from 3~7 hours on your first playthough depending on how much you adventure/search. Story is decent but the setting is wonderful. Downsides would be the lack of being able to max out all equipment/spells if you wished, and the low level cap. Overall I would recommend this game to people looking for either a metroidvania game or an action/platformer game. Would love to see a second installment that expands on this game."
76561198045674161,Recommended,252030,8070157,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,WashyRose,"Valdis Story is a fun game that reminds you of some of the classics, but stays far away from being a clone. Watch the opening video, and you won't have any surprises in terms of what to expect. The video doesn't leave anything out. If you like what you see, consider buying it. If you don't, you won't like the game.If you are thinking of purchasing the game, note that you could finish it in a single playthrough in about 3-5 hours. You will probably take a bit longer if you want to collect everything, or if you get lost or confused at where to go. There is an additional character to play(with two more coming), but if you're not the type to like re-playing things, consider you may be spending 15 dollars for a three hour game. If you don't mind re-playing games, there's lots of difficulties, and you can build your character a different way every time you play.Pros:-Fun combat-Good combat controls-Lots of difficulty options-Lots to find/collect to get 100% completion-Customizable charactersCons:-Platforming controls can get frustrating-Short gameOverall I recommend the game, but depending on your budget, there are some reasons to wait to buy it. I give the game a 8/10, taking a point for the length, and the platforming controls."
,Recommended,252030,10318332,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Pinball Witch,"A fun, colorful metroidvania-esque game.  Highly recommended for fans of games like Super Metroid, Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and such."
76561198034927075,Recommended,252030,8491896,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dr. Tempest,"This game is absolutely brilliant. While only two of the four main characters are playable right now, those two are quite well polished, and not only do they have their own distinct playstyles, but separate personalities as well. Wyatt is, well, angry, angry at the goddesses for how they treat humans and angry at the demons and angels for working with them. Unlike many characters like him, his anger is also reflected in how he acts around his friends. He may not be attacking them or insulting them, but he speaks in small amounts and doesn't give off the feeling that he particularly likes pretty much anyone except for Reina, the other character that can be played right now. Reina, on the other hand, was raised as a monk and acts quite differently than Wyatt. Where Wyatt sees angels and demons and attacks them on sight, Reina will often ask them to let her pass first. She's more polite and more controlled, and often seems to wish that she could avoid many of the fights that happen.As far as the gameplay goes, not only do the two offer very different playstyles from the start, but the unlockable weapons add more variation from there. My personal favorite was a bow and dagger that Wyatt could unlock- it couldn't break blocks nor could you block while using it, but the added range and speed worked very well with my playstyle, even more so when I upgraded the bow to poison targets. Overall, the game is very well done, particularly for a game that's still a work in progress. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes combat platformers."
76561198003067406,Recommended,252030,8606238,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Trey_Mendus,Like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night? Then you owe it to yourself to play this game.  Hands down one of the best metriodvania style games I have played in quite some time.
,Recommended,252030,8591864,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Doctor Runs on Windows,"Let me just say i was so lucky to be told about this game.The art in Valdis Story was so magnificent and at times left me distracted from the actual game.The story in the game is very well developed but a little hard to follow. Im guessing im just too stupid to take the whole story in though. There are some plot twists, but they are mostly towards the end and ,i'm sure, would have packed more punch to me if i had already known what the dogmas were.The music all fits in perfectly and i found myself wanting to listen to it, ""instead of muting it and putting my own music on like i do with most games"", because i felt it might hurt the once in a lifetime experience that surrounds this game.In our day and age, it's hard to get back the magic and wonder of playing and beating games like metroid and castlevania for the first time, one of the reasons being the internet. With a game this new and lesser known there is minimal online walkthroughs and guildes to help find stuff out, so a lot of the learning is left up to the player. I found myself multiple times looking for help online and finding none, and this isn't an easy game either.The boss battles of this game are so amazing and well designed that i found myself really overjoyed and proud to beat them, ""and with no help!""There is however, a bit of a slow learning curve with how the game works and getting used to the fighting style. It took me until halfway through the game to learn how to use assists, ""q btw.""Leveling up is a little odd because of the stats being, ""Str,Int,Agi...and...Luck?""most of my points in the end went to the Luck stat simply because it ended up giving me more boosts then the others for whatever reason. There is also a skill tree which can give you some really awesome advantages, i only wish i had focus on the skills i wanted to begin with and went to those first instead of last.The ending of the game ""NO SPOILERS"", was kinda unexpected. I just thought it was like any other dungeon and had actually beat the final boss without even knowing. The ending of the game would have been really anticlimactic, if it wasnt for the fact of the sweet ending cutscene. The amount of pride that i help though, i'll remember for a long time.All and all, this is a really great game and id totally suggest buying it, because believe me, you will never be able to get an experience like this again."
,Recommended,252030,8235227,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dratai,"Takes a bit of getting used to the controls, especially if you're playing on a keyboard.Without spoiling too much, there's a slightly frustrating bad event that happens if you don't defeat the thing that appears after the first, very early boss within the first two hours (basically, you uh.. fight 3 bosses or so after, then go kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this thing, if you're not getting stuck in places.) so after 2-3 more bosses I suggest you haul♥♥♥♥♥back there and defeat the thing you were told to avoid. but don't go straight back when it appears the first time unless you've done it before.The controls are rather intuitive, once you have a feel for where everything is (rather, I got a little confused at first but the standard layout actually does make sense), blocking is actually useful, but you also got to know when to dodge and when to block. So it's nice to see there is a difference.There are also some choices in-story you can make that affect later bosses and so on, which is nice for a metroid-vania type game like this.Some dude I heard gave criticism to this game for its jumping mechanic but I don't see why.I give this about a 7/8 out of 10, The story is interesting and the art direction is pleasing but a lot of the timed challenges are a little unforgiving with how your character will pause on every wall jump or ledge grab, and that infernal, slightly obscure bad event that prevents you from playing an entire section of the game if you don't head back within a reasonable time-frame. If you don't go back to defeat the thing I mentioned before fighting the 5th boss or so you flat out miss out on this part. and there are some other things that might not be quite apparent either. I'm not asking to be hand-held through the game's optional bits but a few clues would have been nice."
76561197993268907,Recommended,252030,8696357,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lupus Albus,"Summary: Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a challenging action/platformer that's a bit rough around the edges, but the core gameplay is awesome fun for the price.VS:AC's gameplay consists of navigating a 2D Metroidvania-style world while battling angels, demons, and other monsters in the name of humanity. Currently two characters are playable, with two more promised: Wyatt is a swordsman who begins with dark and light magics that can be built to do a ton of damage and healing, while Reina is an unarmed monk whose starting magic focuses on utility and applying a powerful self-buff/enemy debuff combo that massively boosts her damage. Wyatt can also fight unarmed (using a pretty cool stance-based system), and both characters can obtain a few radically different weapons later in the game. The combat system basically consists of mixing up fast or strong ground attacks, launchers, aerial attacks, and spells (which are incredibly strong even for melee-focused characters). You also have skill cancels, charges which grant an invincible dash and also reset your animation to continue a combo.As you gain experience and levels, you can place points in one of four stats: strength, agility, intelligence, or luck. Each level also grants one skill point, to be used in skill trees unique to each character. Building your characters gives a lot of potential replayability, as there are skills, spells, weapon upgrades, and accessories that dramatically alter how your character plays. For example, Reina can dedicate heavily to her Monk tree to get skills that raise her critical damage based on agility and further boost it during Focus mode, the length of which naturally increases with agility. Wyatt might choose to take advantage of his many skills that focus on slow attacks and strength, or he could become a spellcaster and take skills that increase the penetration and status affliction chances of his magic while making his normal attacks recover mana. Luck tends to be an all-around stat that raises different characteristics each time, but one accessory gives a massive boost to every other stat based on your luck while applying a constant HP drain. Each playthrough limits how many classes of magic you can upgrade, and you can only max out one weapon per playthrough, so there's an incentive to play again to try out different builds.The normal enemies actually get to be very tough on higher difficulties until you get very familiar with how to deal with them, but the real meat of the game is the boss fights. Bosses hit very hard in this game, and you'll need to learn their patterns and when to use your skill cancels to stick on them without getting destroyed. You're ranked on how quickly and skillfully you kill the bosses, and gain permanent stats based on that rank.Platforming is pretty easy early on, but gets to be VERY difficult in some of the later areas. This is kind of a con to the game, as the aerial controls are a bit limited and there's not really anything you can do to respond to an incoming attack that won't send you plummeting to the ground--the aerial dodge sends you straight down, and taking damage removes all control until you hit the ground. When there aren't enemies involved, it's a fair challenge.Other areas in which the game appears rough are the grammar (not well-edited), the story (which seems pretty cool and deep if you knew the details, but far too much is barely mentioned or explained), controller compatibility (360 controllers work, many others don't), and the resolution (which does not upscale well to fullscreen and only has 1x or 2x upscaling naturally supported for windowed). When using a controller, the skill cancel can be a bit touchy and go off at unwanted times, in my experience (and many others'). The game is still technically not complete, so there are some unfillable spots in the item list and a few other indications that something is missing.Despite those shortcomings, if you like challenging combat, RPG-style skillset building, replayability, a great soundtrack, and Metroidvania-style exploration and platforming, Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a great value as-is with more promised to come."
,Recommended,252030,8637954,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Alpr,An excellent ARPG game with some fustrating platform and timed-sequences that can be rage-inducing on higher difficulties.
,Recommended,252030,8608126,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,wolfish426,really enjoyed the side scroller. the story is kind of meh. and you will get lost in the maze of the map very easily and some areas you can't get out of and can't complete because you're not suppose to be in them yet. Really frustrating when that happens as the only solution is to reload.
,Recommended,252030,10164834,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Travanoid,"Fun MetroidVania game with a well-implemented combat system that relies on comboing swordplay and magic to succeed. Soundtrack is great, and the art is pretty to look at.One complaint is that there is no global map, you can only see the map for the area you are currently in, so it is hard to see where you are missing map completion without running around each zone.Overall, this game is a lot of fun and the devs are still creating content for it.Definitely worth picking up for $15 bucks."
,Recommended,252030,8631202,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mech-man,"An exceptionally fun platforming RPG, with fast and fluid combat, great storyline and lots of secrets and collectibles to fill your time. Choices with gear can influence your playstyle and with two characters who are incredibly different a second playthrough is a must!"
,Recommended,252030,10475893,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Ijun_Warrior,If you are a fan of metroid and castlevania style games than this one is perfect for you.
76561198008365093,Recommended,252030,8638527,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Turboslav,"Exceptionally solid Metroidvania with RPG elements. strong focus on combat and exploring. How you build your character significantly impacts your playstyle which provides a lot of replayability. Also there is more free content on the way in the form of more playable characters, each of which has a completely different moveset for combat. I highly recommend this game if you enjoy Castlevania/Metroid style games, as this is a real gem. Although for me its basically an afterthought, the story isnt bad at all, escaping a lot of the most common eyeroll inducing cliches found in video game stories."
,Recommended,252030,24680056,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,aphive_05,"This is one of my favorite games. I've beaten it several times at this point. It's not especially long, but there's plenty of content that will take multiple playthroughs to see. I wish it were more popular, mostly because I find myself going to the wiki to find something and realizing I know more about what should be on the page than what's currently there. So this game has officially gotten me into writing wiki pages =p. But that just show's how good it is. The story and gameplay are so good that I'm invested enough to want make sure the wiki is up to date and accurate. Putting that aside, there are 4 playable characters with multiple sets of weapons and armor to unlock and subsequently upgrade. All of the weapons are unique to each character and have they're own different stlyes of gameplay. I've played most as the ranged character and the 'mage,' which is kind of just a split between a ranged and melee character depending on what spell/skills you're using. The bosses are fun and challenging and you're ranked on how well you do against each one. You get rewarded based on what rank you get. [PSA: I played for 40ish hours before I noticed, but if you look at the bottom left and bottom right during a boss fight you can see the timer and combat rank %. The timer will show exactly how much time you have before you can no longer recieve S rank, Then A, and so on. The Combat % will go down each time you are damaged, but it will go back up every time you do damage to the boss. I think S on that is around 75-80%]. You can make builds out of 3 different skill trees for each character. Each tree focuses on Attack, Defense, or Magic. You max out at level 20 but there are ways of getting more stats and skills if you're determined enough. Even if you're not into challenging boss battles, I would still definitely recommend playing through a few times on the easier difficulties just for the story. Unfortunately, as far as I know right now, there are no plans for a sequel. Hopefully if the developer see's more interest in the game that could change in the future. So if nothing else, buy this so I can get a part 2.Oh, and by the way, This is the first steam review I've written in several years that I've had an account. I just love Valdis that much."
76561197964798094,Recommended,252030,16933825,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,MadAsAHatter,"Just ... wow!This is THE best Metroidvania game since, well, Super Metroid and Castlevania. Incredible deep story, incredible combat. Jumping passages can get a bit tedious from time to time when you race against the clock, but that's pretty much the only downer. Therefore, controller is highly recommended.Please start a kickstarter to get Nolan North and Jennifer Hale to do the voice acting."
76561198061902191,Recommended,252030,9058666,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,[Discon]Spectre,"Let me just start by saying that I have about thirty games in my steam library I've purchased the past two years and this is the first one I will have played to completion (I'm very near the end).  I know many young adults are in this same predicament these days, too many games, not enough time.  Valdis Story is the first game I've played in a good while that was worth my time to complete it.  If you did a lot of growing up in the 90's and spent too much time playing super metroid, castlevania:sotn, and/or mega man x then this is a game you've been waiting for.There are a lot of good reviews out there that go into more detail about the game and I'm going to leave it at that.  This review is more of a rebuttal to the negative reviews that I've seen.  Sure everyone is entitled to their opinion, but I'd hate for someone to be on the fence about this game and not buy it based off of imo a bogus review.First of all, I don't know why anyone would want to play a platformer without a controller.  The game is meant to be played with a controller, so yeah I guess it is frustrating playing without one.  This game, like many, requires xinput for your controller.  If you don't have an xbox or newer controller with xinput you can even get your old controllers to work using a program called x360ce (just google it) which emulates your old controller to a microsoft controller.  I have a 10 year old logitech controller I got for free and it works fine.Second, difficulty.  I guess people just like playing interactive stories these days where you just keep moving forward and hitting the x button.  There are four difficulties, I skipped normal and went straight to hard, the 2nd of 4 difficulties, where I would say it provides a moderate challenge.  Moderate being I have never once died to normal mobs, a few bosses I have killed after my first try, most a few tries, and some several tries.  And I still made several mistakes when taking them down so there is definitely a lot of leeway there even on hard difficulty.  It is akin to contra where you have to memorize the pattern in order to succeed except unlike contra if you died you had to start at the very beginning of the game you get to start right at the boss fight again!  Thats right, you don't even have to run from your last save point back to the bosses room you can retry as many times as you like!  I imagine on the hardest difficulty you have to have the patterns memorized and play pretty much flawlessly.I've seen a few people complain about enemies juggling you.  If you allow 3-4 enemies to clump up on top of each other then sometimes, yes they can get a good juggle chain on you, it is something that rarely happens and when it does it is it is always your fault and it is never long before you can evade out of there.""Blocking does nothing.""  At the start you can only block light attacks, you can upgrade your block to block heavier attacks.  This is something I actually very much like.  I read a review on steam where the person said enemies get stronger so it never feels like you never get stronger and I have to disagree with that, I think they hit a good balance between making enemies non-trivial and with all the abilities you pick up, still feel very powerful late game.  Also, I started out putting all my skill points into offensive things since killing things very quickly is usually a good strategy, but eventually I had to spend points on defensive abilities and things like purchasing a block upgrade really make your character feel more powerful.There is no way for the game to punish you for exploring because even if you did make a wrong turn at albequerque you can just load from your last save.  But I never felt like I couldn't progress.  I will say there is one boss near the beginning of the game when you start really backtracking for the first time that may seem kind of harsh, but he is intended to be that way because it is completely optional to do so.  Just like there are optional bosses at the end of the game that are tougher than storyline bosses, because it is optional they increased difficulty to give challenge to those who seek it.  And even though that boss did seem very powerful for my character at that time I was still able to beat him after a few, ok several, tries.As far as time puzzles and super mario jumping, none of the time puzzles have taken me more than a few tries.  I just recently went through the area that had one of the time puzzles I really struggled with and it was comical how easy it was after having played the game for awhile.  For jumping, I've been through the entire game except for the hallway to the final boss and there are only 2 areas where its a bit tedious on the super mario jumping skills.So anywho, that is my review.  Game is well worth buying/playing through and has above average replayability.  If you played video games in the 80's/90's you might pee your pants laughing at the people saying this game is too hard on even the easiest difficulty."
76561198049362470,Recommended,252030,16005871,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,eX_ploit,Buy this game and you won't regret it.
,Recommended,252030,9032813,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,anothergamer777,"An interesting Metroidvania with a decent amount of content with more coming later on, it focuses more on combat over exploration with more durable human-sized enemies and large weapon-specific movesets. The graphics are nicely animated even if the backgrounds tend to come across a bit too obviously layered, the music does its job and the controls are for the most part functional.However, it has a number of laws that tend to make it somewhat more tiresome to play than others of its kind:There's a severe lack of quick travel/warp options which isn't helped by the fact that NPCs that trade you items are all over the place: while most of them are located around the few quick travel points, there's at least one location with multiple NPCs you'll be bound to visit often that requires you to go through several enemy-filled screens to reach from the closest quick-travel point, and while the said location has an exit that leads back near the quick travel point, there's no equivalent entrance to it, which is just confusing.The magic system, while varied, also has an annoying tendency to lump together offensive and defensive spells with the ones that're mainly used for exploration and while there's a quick-change screen for them, it'd be nice to have at least 2 or 3 layouts you could switch between depending on the enemy. You also can't see your currently equiped spells without entering the menu, which also slows down the process of switching them around.As far as exploration is concerned, the game seems to have far too much focus on timed platforming puzzles: while having a few of them for variety's sake would've been nice, there's far too many of them in every dungeon for them to stay enjoyable. The jump physics also don't work quite as well with platforming as they do in combat, as the ledge-grabbing mechanics take some getting used to and jump velocity doesn't seem to match up to your movement. Finally, for whatever reason, your controls reset to neutral when you change screens, which can be extremely annoying during vertical screen transitions.I'm also not a huge fan of the way hitpauses are used in the game, as many of them seem to be too short to register mentally as anything but frame drops and take place during actions where they don't really serve much of a purpose, such as when activating a Focus Finisher. They would probably work better as slowdowns instead of action freezes.While the above issues aren't that severe, they still drag down the overall fun factor and playability in what's otherwise a good game: there's also an annoyingly large amount of mutually exclusive and missable content, including upgrades for entire sets of spells and skill points for the skills trees if you don't beat the optional bosses with an S rank. However, seeing as the game is still missing large amounts of its content, all of the above issues can still be fixed, in which case I'll be happy to recommend the game to anyone looking for a Metroidvania with a varied combat system and multiple unique characters, and as it is, it's still worth playing if you aren't turned off by the flaws listed above."
76561197966060283,Recommended,252030,16560537,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LNS|Stealth,"This game pays homage to Metroid/Castlevania titles. It is an excellent metroidvania style game. Plenty of exploration, meaningful fights with bosses (You have to fight bosses with a brain or else you will die) and hidden items, upgrades and weapons throughout the game. The game has a leveling system implemented and plenty of skills to choose from to make a specific class or play style. You can definitely come back and play this over and over again to see which play style is your favorite. The difficulty is tiered from easy to hard, so those who don't want to struggle can choose to play on easy. There are multiple playable characters; each with specific abilities & weapons. Some require more skill than others but they are well balanced. I hightly recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of the original Metroid or Castlevania side scrolling games on the SNES/NES & DS."
,Recommended,252030,9018642,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Katod,"I like this game in general, but it system bugs is just annoying. For example - I often unable to get back to game after I use alt+tab from fullscreen mode without manipulations with it from tasks-manager. Alt+enter seems to switch game to windowed and back, but game immediately returns it to previous screen mode for some strange reason. Game also didn't reacted to my gamepad, I turned on support for direct input gamepads in options, and now I can't control game not with gamepad, not with keyboard. Now I need to find out how to revert this last changes and make it to see at least keyboard again. And I could used this time to actually play some games.But I think you won't met such problems, if you use one of popular pad, that this game can recognize and don't have habit to  use alt+tab in fullscreen or play in window. Getting used to jumps also take some time and at first they seems annoying, but after you get used to them they seems pretty smooth. Game actually pretty fun, if you can get into it..."
76561198119470487,Recommended,252030,15892139,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,zathurious,"This is one of the best games I've played in a while. It has so much of what I look for in a video game; fun combat mechanics, beautiful visuals, and an awesome story. This is basically a 2d style side scroller with a metroidvania feel to it. If I had to compare this to other games, it's kind of a cross between metroid prime, castlevania and megaman x (with some of the platforming mechanics). However, it also has an RPG system that allows for different game play styles, but isn't too convoluted either. This game is gorgeous, but I would definitely say the highlight would be the fun, challenging and visually breath taking combat."
76561198043377913,Recommended,252030,9017372,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,De Oddi,"I´m not very good at games like Valdis Story (Metroidvania-Games) and i took me a while to get used to the combat system and quite a few frustrating hours at the beginning. But if you get used to the skill cancels and the combat system it´s a great game.Overall the story is also quite decent but i don´t think that this is a deciding factor for a Metroidvania-Game anyway. It certainly isn´t perfect but when you work out the system it is a great game and worth the money. Personal score for the game would be: 8,5/10And 2 playable characters will probably be realeased in the future as well. So even more game time to look forward to."
,Recommended,252030,16195976,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Chimera++,"Cons:- some low resolution and low quality images, backgrounds, sprites- some bull* sections and moments- short- writing is a bit cheesyPros:- great replayability, various possible builds and styles- great combat- awesome soundtrack- a lot of challengeFrustrating but also a lot rewarding, will play it again."
76561198061671945,Recommended,252030,16401024,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sir Dirk Worthington,This game has single handedly ruined my exam review schedule
76561198026872065,Recommended,252030,17478305,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,DrVaughn,"Alright - let's give you a short overview on my time with this gem.Approx. a year back I bought it, I played it (with Wyatt) and I did not finish the game, because I started travelling for said year. But I do remember, that the time I spent with that game was pretty darn good. I love platformers, I love Metroidvanias and I like tough gameplay - so I'm kinda biased by genre here. I remember having some tough and some annoying fights, but really enjoying the skill system which is part boring, yet useful, passives (e.g. 5% damage buff) and part really interesting and novel (kicks can now guard break etc.). There were skills that you grinded for, which would drastically change up your fighting style. Put new weapons and multi-tier armor on top of it and you got a pretty solid RPG-Element to this Metroidvania-Platformer-Thing at heart.Anyways - as I said, I stopped. Until yesterday. Yesterday there were a couple of hours of day left, but not enough to get myself really invested in Legend of Grimrock II finally - so I thought. The way I played Valdis Story yesterday though, I would have had enough time for Grimrock as well, but I'm glad I gave Valdis another spin - boy am I glad. Grimrock will have to wait.I didn't want to pick up my old save file - that was too far gone, but playing another character - sure thing. Let's say I did not expect Reina to be that different from Wyatt - this is (especially for an Indie-Developer) an amazing effort. With the recent update (and thus two more characters) this game has got me enchanted once more. And with no travelling planned in the near future (and the additional motivation to unlock two more characters), this time I'm gonna finish this game.Cudos to the developers for investing so much in this game and making those updates free.As mentioned before - this kind of genre is right up my alley. So me liking this, just kinda makes sense. Still I would recommend this game  not only to gamers with a soft spot for Metroidvanias, but for Gamers with a soft spot for either one of these: RPGs, Platformers, Challenges and actually fighting games.Let me briefly elaborate on the latter: The fighting system in Valdis Story takes quite a few things from fighting games àla Street Fighter, BlazBlue and Co. There is a good variety of skills that work as dashes and stuns and allow for interesting combos. Adding to that are guard-breaking moves and skill-cancels. Those two kind of skills really shake up the combo-possibilities and they are part of what elevates this game for me. There a many ways to skill your character and many ways to approach a fight. This is, for this particular genre, quite an achievement, that I have only rarely seen before (Dust: The Elysian Tail is the first that comes to mind, but isn't as broad in execution and as flexible in skill-developing).Long story short: This is a brilliant game, with some extraordinary developers behind it.PS.: Some fights can be quite frustrating, so if you get demotivated quickly - well think about the purchase. But with Steam's new refund policy, there is no reason not to try it. In 2 hours you'll see enough of what this game offers, in order to decide whether this is for you or not."
76561198053244946,Not Recommended,252030,18532277,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TropicalBleach,"Bosses are overpowered. The ranking system is a joke. You mean to tell me that the longer I take to fight a boss, the less experience points I receive? I got 25 exp from the ♥♥♥♥ing Manawar. It feels like there is little incentive to progress in this game. The ability to change your spells is simple, but not convenient when you're in a fight trying to execute combos and you accidentally pull up your spell menu and change two of your spells. This game is as engaging as it is disengaging. If you never play this game, you're not missing out."
76561198009709004,Recommended,252030,25864668,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Syvie,"Great game metroidvania style game. The controls are pretty tight. There's a few times where pressing atk + mag didn't activate super right away, but everything else is very responsive and works as expected. The adventure is great and the multiple characters all feel unique. Only real complaint is there's no world map to reference when lost. Can find one with a quick google seach though."
,Recommended,252030,26099146,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Somewhere only we know,"this game is absolutely amazing, with old gameplay style, bosses, 4 characters to choose, items fit this game perfectly."
,Recommended,252030,8627768,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Orgodemir,"Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a fast pacedMetroidvaniastyle game with enough complexity to enable each playthrough to be different but not so much as to make it confusing.The combat system has light and heavy attacks, guard and parries, offensive and defensive spells, assists(the ability to summon members of your crew to do a unique attack), attack cancelling and dashing, and allows for both ground and aerial combos but eases into the separate systems slowly enough that it isn't confusing.The game also has a combo system. The longer your combos are the more experience points enemies are worth but getting hit ends your combo so you'll have to use parries and dash cancelling to maximize your combos. Boss fight ranks are based on speed, damage, and your remaining health. Do good enough for an A or S rank and you gain permanent stat increases!All weapons have different combos and all armors and accessories have unique abilities so instead of just picking the ones with the best stats you can choose the one that best suits your playstyle, even unarmed has equipment to buff it! There are three skill trees (offense, defense, and magic) each with 15 skills but only 20 levels to gain skill points with, though you are awarded a few points for sidequests as well.You can only save at save points which also fully heal you and are the only healing outside of magic. Anytime you do get a game over you are given a chance to retry, this restarts you in the area you died with full health and mana so you don't have to walk all the way back from the save point everytime you die to a boss.The games puzzles are all activating doors, by ground stomping or magically charging a switch, and then dashing to get through it before it reseals. Most hard ones are optional so if you aren't good at platforming you can still get through the game and there are some abilities that help make them easier such as double jump and wall jump.Every area has things you can't get the first time through but the backtracking isn't bothersome because quite a few areas have new bosses when you return and enemies scale with you as to not make it boring.Overall, Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a great game and I recommend it to anyone looking for an action platformer."
,Recommended,252030,8583543,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Managedant,"This game is ALMOST amazing.   It ALMOST recaptures that feeling of wonder you get from playing a Metroidvania style game that's actually decent.  It ALMOST does the job of being an excellent game.I still recommend it but here's just a few things holding it back from being absolutely wonderful.Positives:+Great Graphics.  Colors are vibrant and just really seem to pop out at you.+Nice sound.  Characters aren't voiced but sound effects and music in general are a pleasure to hear.+Combat System. The fighting in game is pretty legit.  It's actually a pretty deep combo system that actually goes beyond its ancestor's ""mash mash mash"" until dead.+Secrets and unlockables.  There's actually a wealth of content to find and unlock in game as the game does very well of rewarding you for exploring.Negatives:-Controls.(???)  These absolutely are 50/50 and I hate it.  I really don't care what anyone says.  I've played videogames since I was 2 years old and I am about to be 26 and never in my life have I ever been so frustrated with a game's controls. At least using a 360 controller as I can't actually forsee this being a problem with a keyboard. To go in depth, there's a mechanic in game that you use to dodge enemy attacks by pressing down.  During a fight that isn't super reliant on vertical movement, it's actually pretty awesome because it makes you feel like an absolute awesome bad***.  But during platforming segments this can be hell as if you aren't absolutely careful about how you are using your D-pad, you will more often than not accidentally press down during certain segments and totally mess up your run.  There is absolutely no deadzone for the down direction and it kills me.  There's also very VERY minor gripes that come out such as ledge grabbing when an enemy is near.  There's no way to jump and attack an enemy to climb up and there are some instances where the game will refuse to let you climb up at all if an enemy is positioned over the ledge.  That and there's no command for dropping off of a ledge without activating the dodge mechanic and shooting your way like a meteor till you hit the ground.-Pacing  At times, the game is actually pretty decent about it's saves.  They're spaced just enough apart that you don't feel like the game is spoon feeding you easy save points but not so much that you are crying out for help.  Other times, you'll often play for such an extended amount of time without a save, you'll get to a boss and be forced to either beat it to advance lest you risk your current progress.It's these two gripes right here that have me going crazy over how this game was ALMOST amazing.  I would have a third gripe but they have patched time based events to be 'event' based so that actually helped the score tremendously.I would still recommend this game to anyone but be forewarned, if you're going to use a controller for this game, be prepared to be absolutely frustrated by the game's mechanics at certain points."
76561198054826412,Recommended,252030,9144955,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,daedrasmith87,"Starting Vladis Story:Abyssal city,I thought it was gonna be a game that was short and sweet. But as I played I realized that this game has some serious value. If your a fan of the Castlevania symphony of the night game this game has everything that game had as well as a gripping storyline and just as much high paced rewarding gameplay and loot loot loot!Nothing beats finding awesome weapons and items and armor especially in a game that lacks mercy!Its a tough game at points and the platforming can be a little tricky as the controls dont always do what there supposed to and being in certain areas trying to get from one side to the next in a certain time frame while avoiding traps and hazards can be very annoying if your character decides to not lach onto a ledge or decides to pull himself up and get zapped or burnt when you just wanted him to leap to the next ledge. All in all the games atmosphere,soundtrack,gameplay and visuals are worth every penny and more in my opinion. These kind of games always will have a special place for me personally.Finding one that can stand up to castlevania is amazing as well. id give this game a 4 out of 5."
,Recommended,252030,9164449,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Inky,I had funded the kickstarter and greenlit the game but I totaly forgot about it and I can say without a doubt IT'S AMAZING. Totally worth the wait and super fun to play; not to mention how in love with the visuals and music I am. This will be the game I gift to all my friends.
,Recommended,252030,14236908,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dr Zicter,There's a floating magic corgi named Sir Pancakes10/10
,Recommended,252030,9281507,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The Horned Dragon,"Valdis Story is a well developed platforming action game that fits comfortably within the ""Metroidvania"" genre.  The story is interesting enough, creating a backdrop of a group of characters fighting for human souls in a war between ""angels"" and ""demons"", but the real draw is the gameplay.  A selection of different characters, equipment, and skills provide a variety of options for the gamer to decide how to engage the enemies that one will encounter.  Regardless of what path is traveled, however, many will find this game to be on the irritating side of difficult.  Merciless enemies require patience and understanding of the mechanics and pitfalls of the game.  Unblockables, lingering status effects, and a lack of the hit-invicibility that many old-school gamers can take for granted can lead to a devastating combination of unavoidable pain if you aren't cautious or have tremendous fast-twitch reactions.The map is fantastically designed and, coupled with an astounding soundtrack, draws the player into the game quite well.  The controls are responsive, but demand skill from the player to not make mistakes on their use.  A gamepad is suggested for this game, and I am quite glad that key rebinding is a feature.  Certain gameplay mechanics and level design decisions will undoubtedly enrage some players, such as rooms with gaps in the floor combined with enemies that stun and knockback, send the player back to an earlier part of the level, or the exacting timed platforming speedruns for certain pieces of gear.Overall, this game is recommended IF the player likes the ""Metroidvania"" style of games that require backtracking, AND enjoy the challenging but eventually rewarding type of learn and adapt gameplay in Dark Souls.  Gamepad is definitely recommended."
76561198045175470,Recommended,252030,8593681,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Parzival,"This game is the most fun I've had in a metroidvania in a while, while its story isn't as good as dusts its combat is much more fun, and it has more replayabillity overall I found this very fun"
,Recommended,252030,8776512,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Niku The Pantless,Artstyle/Graphices: 8/10. The game has a great art. Everytime I hit a new level I was awwed by the great secenry. The Charecters all have there own flavor and all fit well into the story and feel they try to convay.Gameplay: 6.5/10 I was going to make this higher but I found the enviorment itself more threatning then half of the monsters. Alot of juggling can happen if you get caught in a attack and can't break out until the game decided to have taken enough damage which is useally 50%. There is a way to break out but you need to wait until the game lets you break but if you are caught between 2 monsters its useally when there sone attacking. Bosses are very hit and miss. Some bosse are easy never even having to use 1 health potion while some are wall puching hard.On the good side the controls and most of the time responsive. Game Pad support is a big plus. Multiple charecters adds replayability for different sides of the story. Great open world feel. There is quite alot of backtacking but there is a transport system early on to help make it so you not spending 20min getting to the area to get to the new area.Story: 6/10 The story is basic but tolerable. There is nothing really deep but there is always a steady stream of lore to collect.Replayability: Yes. Like I said in Gameplay there are multiple charecters to play as with different combat styles and skill tress and such. Although I didn't touch the 2nd charecter yet the game dosen't start you off any different from where you start on the 1st charecter.
,Recommended,252030,8785137,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Nyskrte,"Amazing soundtrack, visuals and gameplay. Will take on average seven hours to complete if played on the easiest setting and rushing to the end, much longer if you explore the game fully. Some bosses change up on the hardest setting. Still having new features added, the only downside is that the controls may not be to your liking. I personally had no issue with them except for grabbing onto the edges of platforms."
,Recommended,252030,9097475,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sir Pancakes,"I highly recommend this game! Not only does it have that traditional ""metroid-vania"" platformer/action-adventure aspect, but it's got a nicely added pinch of RPG to the mix which really ties the whole game together. A beautiful game with a DEEP storyline and very well-scripted/developed characters. This game is great for those who like to test themselves and just get-away from all the angry community members raging about ""crit-rockets"" or ""no-scoping"" or ""hacking"" - of any kind. It allows you the player to really sit-down and appreciate the simpler (yet powerful) roots of modern video games. Definitely a must-own for me."
76561198025197724,Recommended,252030,8738898,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,FireWater,"A truly great game.On one hand a nostalgic 2d brawler. But the complexity of the gameplay elevates it into a true masterpiece. The art and music both wonderfully form the backdrop for a very in depth story, and while all the art and script alone would make a great show or movie, it's all simply the stage for a highly customizable combat game. It starts easy and simplistic, and ends with a complex battle system that you slowly master. Extra points for high replay value due to the extra bosses, hidden items, game elements, AND multiple ways to build each character. Building a high strength character using one weapon plays very different than the same character building int/agi and using a diffent weapon and skill priority.I can't wait for futher development of this game. For while it's already amazing, new additions keep getting added. We still have two main characters to play as in the future, and you can see the spots in the game that have been set aside for new additions."
,Recommended,252030,8756947,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Clivelaw,One of the best Castlevania-like RPG ever !Beautiful with a fabulous story !
76561198076187434,Recommended,252030,25360705,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,zediiiii,"I've put some hours into this game, some boot on Steam. I read a few of the reviews, and I was appalled at all the whining.Let's be frank. The controls are responsive, even elegant, on any computer that can run the game well. The combat system and your character build work together; one build requires a certain style, but will get you killed of you use a different style later in the game.Thigh the customization isn't incredibly deep, it is involved enough to be satisfying and make you wonder what would have happened if...I'm surprised how few have mentioned the wonderful soundtrack and the lovingly crafted art. This game is polished and complete in a way that not many games are.On veteran difficulty, I retried almost 400 times before I finished the game with all S ratings for the bosses. It was professional Korean difficulty on  God Slayer mode. When I finally figured out how to win (think megaman style for analysing patterns and weaknesses) consistently, the game was remarkably satisfying as a test of skill. I didn't for nearly so much after I figured out the flow and tactics of my build (shortly advise against starting on veteran difficulty). Discovering the flow and tactics for the next build went much faster.It's not an easy game, so go play Dust I'd you want easy. Despite massive increases in power through equipment and leveling, skill truly matters. This is Valdis Story. Go play it."
,Recommended,252030,8755787,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,BayHrbrButchr,"A fun game if you enjoy the 2D Metroivania-style games.  The game has a strong emphasis on exploring and backtracking as well.The story where the game picks up is in media res.  A war has broken out between angels and demons with humans in the middle.  The protagonist will find themselves lost in the middle of an underwater city after their ship crashes.  As players progress, you learn more about the background of this war and the characters swept up in it.  Players will also learn about the city and its secrets.The game could be considered action/adventure with RPG elements, akin to Castlevania.  The combat system is based on a melee combo system with spell casting and standard blocking.  Spells can be interchanged in combat through a paused menu system.  Players level up based on experience and receive skills points to invest in skill trees.  I found there to be a slight learning curve with combat and some controls but it quickly grows on you as you face challenging enemies and bosses (used a gamepad).The characters and environment appear to be hand-drawn and are very well done.  The soundtrack is well thought out and adds to the game atmosphere.  My only complaint is the sub-par map.  As a result, you will need to pay attention to where NPCs tell you to go and you'll do a good bit of backtracking.Overall, a great game.  I grew up enjoying games like Castlevania and Valdis Story: AC does an excellent job breathing this genre new life.  Combat is fun and challenging and the enemies rarely are complete pushovers.  There are even platform puzzles based on time-switches that are fun to take on and really test your skills are maneuvering the controls of this game.  A great buy and an even better one on sale."
,Recommended,252030,9111999,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,krenix,"It has a decent amount of exploration though not Metroid/Castlevania tier but enough there to make you feel satisfied when looking for any treasures/secrets.  The combat is the high point.  They implement a lot of ways to attack and pull of combinations using both light/heavy attacks along with magic.  Each power you get has multiple uses either for the environment or in combat, ie the double jump can also juggle enemies in the air if you hit them with it.  There is a lot of treasure to find and each has their own unique properties that can change your playstyle along with a skill tree.  Currently it has 2 characters that are quite different from each other and you will want to try them both out and 2 more on their way.  Story wise it has it's own lore and world, if you get into it you can enjoy it but I was just having too much fun to care for it.  Bosses and enemies are well done in it so you have to read movements and utilize different strategies as the game goes on.  Some parts can get quite difficult but there's nothing stopping you from grinding a bit since enemies respawn the moment you reeneter a room.  Later on you might feel a bit overpowered but it has multiple difficulty settings and each character has it's own skill level so if you play as Wyatt first and use Reina in the next playthrough you'll have to adjust and come up with new tactics.  Highly recommend and there is more content on the way."
,Recommended,252030,8774718,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,"A very nice RPG platformer built on old school designs and mechanics(like Megaman). Bosses and level designs require a little discovery and practice to beat. The art is beautiful, but could have been far better if they drew all this in proper HD resolutions as the game upscales from a very low res(up until just recently they added a graphics smoothing so it looks a bit better now). People will blow it off saying its pixel art, but its not. Highly recommended for any fan of the genre"
,Recommended,252030,9078224,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Iggi,"Hack and slash side scroller game with some minor platforming and back and forth exploration.  Its a little difficult at first until you figure out what you are doing and how to build your character with stats and the talent tree.  Total of 4 different spells you can have equipped at any given time to also give you an edge, you can change them at any given time, and you gain access to more spells as you progress.  Total of 4 weapons per character which typically include an unarmed option, and various melee type weapons.  Would suggest a controller to play the game with, but can be done with the keyboard as well."
76561197965301938,Recommended,252030,9086316,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Positiveputty,"A fantastic metroidvania style 2D action RPG.  Overall -- 85/100.The combat is challenging and extremely fun. You have light attacks that combo quickly, heavy attacks that break guards but will get interrupted at times, block (with option to parry if timed correctly), magic actions, an assist function (similar to Marvel vs Capcom i guess), and a quick dodge system.  You can also choose which kind of armor (all offering various bonuses), weapons, and skill points to use to suit your style of play.  This is not an easy game if you choose a high difficulty setting.The story is interesting, although admittadly not its selling point.  At the very least, it makes sense and doesnt try to confuse you with nonsensical plot developments.  Its a simple Angels vs. Demons conflict with humans struggling to survive in the midst of it... and theres not too much more to it.Length and replayability wise.... first playthrough may last you 5-10 hours depending if you attempt the side bosses and are on a reasonable difficulty setting.  The story doesnt really change between the 2 characters very much, but the combat style is different so it may be worthwhile there.  The developer has promised 2 additional playable characters in a free DLC in the future... whether or not the game will change much beyond combat style, i dont know.  Either way, you may just wish to try the game again on a higher difficulty and test your skill.Presentation wise... there are a few glaring issues that really need to be addressed, but the total package is still very good.  The graphics are very pleasing, combat is well animated, and even a lot of the backgrounds have great detail.  The music is absolutely fantastic and really helps set the mood.  The sound effects are generally good, however... there are times where they will suddenly spike in volume (especially water flowing) and create extremely unpleasant scratchy sounds.  The UI is fine as far as equipment and skill trees is concerned, but can often be very clumsy equipping magic especially because some of the magic is almost entirely a platforming gimmick (ice wall, im looking at you).  Another annoyance is that the game overfills 1920x1080 monitors in windowed mode, but if you are playing in fullscreen mode and quickly switch to another application (such as skype), the game will revert to windowed mode, requiring you to go back into the options and select fullscreen again... would be much simpler to have a borderless windowed option or simply minimize when switching to another application momentarily.  Alternatively you can use software such as shiftwindow to alleviate this, but i dont feel it should be the user's responsibilty to use a 3rd party program..."
,Recommended,252030,21554478,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Enkidu,"I got hooked on the storyline, I loved the gameplay and the challenge it brought. An overall excellent game!"
,Recommended,252030,9072336,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DrSatan,Great game!  Buy it!
76561198003125065,Recommended,252030,9069988,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,field Anton house Anton,"Very fun game.  The game play is a mix between castlevania and viewtiful joe combo style combat.  This game can truely be recognized as a metroidvania.  The combat was very well done and the platforming, i felt was really well done.  This includes backtracking which some of you may dislike but it reminded me what makes a metroidvania, the exploration and backtracking.  Plus with different power-ups and helpers.I only wished all the characters were playable so that i clock more hours into this amazing game.  The spell system can get a bit annoying as you can only equip 4 spells to each direction ala smash bros style, and there are certain spells that is required to go through new areas such as a fire fist which breaks walls and the obvious double jump.  This forces the player to keep them on as the player can get constantly  annoying in doing so.Other then what was said above, i highly recommend this game to anyone a fan of this genre."
76561198065128092,Recommended,252030,9078177,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Wally,"What a great game! I got this game because I wanted to satiate my desire for a 'metroidvania' style game and I got that and more in Valdis Story. To me it has added to the this well loved genre with a twist of DMC. It has a great fighting system, which is easy enough to pick up but  difficult to master. I love the variety of the loot. Different weapons, armors, and spells keeps things fresh and the level up system (three branching skill trees) allows the game to played in a variety of ways. I am not a nihilist for perfect grades, but I found I liked the Boss grading system. This system gives you a letter grade based on how you performed in a boss fight-if you used any potions, if you kept the combo counter high, and time to complete. You are usually given a reward in the form of a permanent upgrade in a stat. I find myself purposefully losing a boss fight so I could retry it and get a better grade. Though I have yet to beat the game, it is a great game and I honestly have to say it is my new favorite of the metroidvania genre."
,Recommended,252030,24663516,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Zooism,I bought at full price and I don't regret a penny.  The game mechanics reminded me of Castlevania Symphony of The Night.  The combat was great and once you beat the game you can play with other characters.  I love this game!!
76561198114125578,Recommended,252030,8495161,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,RockyBalbroa,"Very fun Metroid-vania style game with numerous upgrades, a talent tree, 2 playable characters (more to be added), beautiful graphics, responsive controls... I could go on. If you loved Castlevania You'll love this fairly difficult homage. Buy and enjoy!!"
,Recommended,252030,9195903,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kligan,"This game is a metroidvania action brawler platformer - challenging, hard and satisfying experience.Tight controls, highly diverse skill system that allows to make dozens of completely different builds, incredibly good soundtrack, nice visual style, interesting world and story - all that makes an excelent game!Valdis Story has really high replayability, I've beaten it multiple times in a row and still gonna play more!Definitely will recommend for everyone who values a good challenge and a high skill ceiling."
,Recommended,252030,8822111,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Onions,"I played the original build back in '07 and it was my favorite indie game ever, so I might be biased.  But this is pretty much the best video game ever created."
,Recommended,252030,8814741,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Zero,"As someone who enjoys fighting games and metroidvanias this was right up my alley.  The combat, controls, and bosses are really finely tuned.  I never feel like I was cheated when I die and know intuitively what I did wrong to firm up my next attempt.  All in all, a great game and totally for the $15, a must-buy if it's on sale.  Great job, guys!"
76561197999415610,Recommended,252030,9008072,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,coldpersonman,It's good.
76561198036665847,Recommended,252030,8802291,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,0smodeus,"This game is beautiful, with playing style reminiscent to the good old days, specifically Mega Man X.  The art is gorgeous and the story is fabulous.  While there are still kinks to work out it's a game that is deffinitely worth picking up.  The only issue that I've seen, is the boss battles, the bosses are extremely cheap using tactics that will drive you insane.  Other than that the game is full of fun hidden surprises and a crew that I'd love to see more of.  All I can hope is that the creators of this game can put out another that is as fascinating as this game, they'll have their work cut out for them."
76561198000845400,Recommended,252030,8802015,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,AzzurriGunner,beautiful looking and smooth game. Love the MetroidVania style of it. Waiting for the updates to complete the character load but otherwise an entertaining play
,Recommended,252030,8803851,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dr. Grinspoon,"At first it seemed a little dull.. Story seems abit tardy, nothing spectacular about it.Gameplay on the other hand was quite fun! The characters movements were very fluid and it felt like i had real control.Also the mobs are pretty cool aswell, as they arent your regular ""im-going-to-attack-you-really-slowly"", some mobs can be really annoying and flat out hard in combination with others.Has some replay value as it is impossible to 100% the game in one playthrough.Overall entertaining and just a teeny bit addicting."
76561198035631828,Recommended,252030,8814958,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,K.O. Richards,"This game is awesome I love the character designs, and the overall artstyle on a whole.The boss fights are awesome, and can get very intense, the ledge jumping can be a bit annoying,but is a small thing compared to how the action handles overall. I would reccomend this game to anyonewho loves side scrolling action."
,Recommended,252030,8809585,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Papagaio,"This game truly is an accomplishment and it is shocking to me that it took a steam greenlight bid for it to get funded.  The short list of accomplishements are the combat which is fluid and entertaining, the fast pased gameplay, and the gorgious environments which I take to include the soundtrack.  This for me was not a game that sat in my steam library and never got played.  I turned it on, and started at hard mode, which privided just enough challenge to bring out the worst in me, but every challenge I faced was conquerable, it just actually required me to strategize, and plan ahead.  It has been a LONG time since a game made me think like this.  I also do want to comment on the level design.  Every stepping stone is well placed, and i've yet to find a single exploit or lack of flow.  Well done.Now for my very few qualms which are all things that can and hopefully will be added in later patches.-The graphics in the game are all very intentionally low res, but if atleast some of the interface items could go up to 1080p level ppi that would be nice.-The map system leaves something to be desired.  I would love to be able to zoom out and see how the different maps connect.  ( I realize now that I havent checked the manual to see if this option is hidden somewhere.)-I debated on counting this as an opportunity, but the objectives are always a bit bland, and dont ovffer much guidance as to where to go next.  Right now I progress through just by finding doors I wasnt previously able to go through WHICH IS EXACTLY THE POINT!  I still however would enjoy some more sidequests, and maybe even mini games to break up the play style in between venturing out to obtain the next arbitrary artifact that we desperately need to solve this problem.This is longer than anyone will read, but  I still want to comend this game and its developers for sticking with the project, and focusing on getting the core game (which is vast) out in a beautiful way.  I cannot wait to see how the project expands."
76561197973300271,Recommended,252030,8642773,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"Well finally we get the full release of the game or rather they added on the two extra characters as they had promised and added in some new content.  The two new characters are both cool and have some interesting gameplay mechanics that make them quite different from the first two characters the game launched with.  Their story starts from slightly different points as well, while I had hopped to find them in almost an entirely new story I didnt really expect it as this was an indie project, none the less the world is a colorful and fun to move around in as it ever was.  I have noticed several changes already while im playing through as vladyn, but I havent visited any of the new areas yet but im sure they are interesting.This game stands above so many AAA titles its really a shame this game isnt getting the exposure much worse titles get.  Quality through and through, I hope we see more from endless fluff I hope we get to delve deeper into this world and see these stories resolve.*old reveiw*Still in development but very fun game, great visuals, combat is fun and deep, theres a lot of upgrades you can do but unfortunately you wont be able to upgrade everything as there is a limit to resources so you have to make choices about what weapon to use and such.  All aside the game is challenging and fun, definitely recommend."
,Recommended,252030,22092609,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[TPA] X,need more hack n slash metroidvania games like this
,Recommended,252030,8625326,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aurès,"Well, if i take some time to write a message on a game, you can assume it's a good one.Valdis Story is one of the best game i have played so far, it's a side scrolling exploration platformer with an emphasis on intricate and rewarding combat as well as deep play style customization....Ok, ok i have to add that the story is interesting (maybe not the most original, but still), the graphics are gorgeous, and so is the chara-design.I just LOVE the music of this game, it is just ahhhhhh... Almost as acurate and magnificent as could be the soundtrack of secret of Mana.In short : Non-linear action Rpg with great possibility of builds, combos, magics, weapons, characters, accessories, loot, crafting, platforming skills + Awesome graph and sound !Don't hold back, this is something you have to try."
76561197970531917,Recommended,252030,9091440,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hype,"Cool story, great combat, nice RPG elements, and sweet bosses. What more could you ask for? HAH?!?"
76561198013765245,Recommended,252030,8811230,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,karamon,"An absolute masterpiece. Definitely recommend. I downloaded this game while it was still in beta and finished it three times on godlsayer. The music leaves a very deep impression, kickstarter project was definitely a success. Now buying this game just to say ""thanks"" to developers, you guys made me spend around 30 hours of my life on your game and that was some very good time."
,Recommended,252030,8823889,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Eiskalte,"If you like Metroid / Castlevania, you MUST buy this game. You won't regret it, trust me."
76561198060672430,Recommended,252030,11597897,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Chungo,"IF YOU LIKE ACTION PLATFORMERS WITH RPG ELEMNTS (METROID , CASTLEVANIA, ZELDA II) BUY THIS GAME.  I WOULD ALSO SUGGEST PLAYING THIS GAME WITH AN X-BOX CONTROLLER BECAUSE IT DEMANDS PRECISE INPUTS.This game is very simmilar to metroid and castlevania. it follows the same baisic principles of using power-ups to to traverse new areas. The rpg meachanics allow plenty of character customization. The game's world is interesting, but the cliff hanger ending is mediocre at best. The soundtrack is absolutely divine. (hehe) The orchestrated pieces and a lot of epic flare to this already stylish game. The game took me about 8 hours to complete, but you can double that time if you beat the game with both of the playable characters."
76561197961632856,Not Recommended,252030,18503800,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,so0ky,"I suppose I am not a true fan of the 2d Castlevania scroller, except the most recent one I played.  I haven't played the genre much, so this is coming from not a true fan I guess, because some of the things that I didn't like I'm sure a big time fan would love.The map system didn't show where objectives were.  Just played Dishonored where they give you markers as to where to go.  Much better design so you don't reach level cap like way early.Level cap at 20.  I really hated that, because it lowered the incentive to kill things.  The amount of time to figure out where the specific drops were, combined with no more experience progression, pretty much ensured the last boss would be nuts.That's the other thing I wanted to mention.  Bosses are insane.  You pretty much have to play over and over and over again to figure out how to beat it.  Real annoying.I could invest more time to figure out how to beat the last boss, but I'm done using my time to play this game, it just isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,252030,19738619,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ZachDaniel,"I tried really hard to like it, but something about this game is frustrating in a way that is not as fun as something like Wings of Vi or Volgarr the Viking.  Great aesthetic and music, but killed by poor fidelity in graphics and wonky controls and UI."
76561197993427226,Not Recommended,252030,33572064,Posted: 15 July,all,ChiefN,"Requires precise platforming during timed puzzles but slippery controls combined with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dash mechanic (give skill cancel/dash a dedicated button rather than down on pad/stick)Cheap difficulty (every enemy is a mini bullet hell, insane knockback and stunlocking, bosses expecially)Constant health drain whether from enemy debuffs that last forever or area wide health drain.Not the worst game ever but I'm glad I only paid $3 for it.Get it for less than $5 if you must have it but be prepared to be frustrated."
,Not Recommended,252030,9038414,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,thebiglloydtree,This would be a decent enough game if not for the terrible controls and cheap gameplay.
,Not Recommended,252030,9003918,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Valdis Story is a Metroidvania type of game, but one that couldn't hold my attention. I did find it infinitely better than Dust An Elysian Tail and that's saying something. Anyway, it's just that I didn't care for the characters. They came across as very dull.And the controls aren't quite what I expected, especially using and switching between magic proved to be frustrating and counterintuitive.The boss fights, on the other hand, were somewhat challenging and it's one of the things that I liked. Same goes for the combat.Navigating your way through the game is also kinda hard, since many of the cities you visit look similar to each other, and there are many different levels and ways to exit them. Add that one to my list of frustrating things as well.There's a decent game to be found here, but I just didn't find it all that exciting. I hope other people do enjoy it, because it deserves a little love. But, not from me.[Rating: 67/100]"
,Not Recommended,252030,8496542,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Magic Lemur,"I originally gave this game a positive recommendation, citing its beautiful visuals and fun gameplay. That review was actually based on my time playing it on a mid-range Windows 7 laptop. This review is from my re-download on a gaming desktop.This game has the potential to be a really great Metroidvania. It's hampered, however, by horrendous performance issues. The framerate is unbearable, with constant slowdowns and overall sluggishness. My computer isn't top of the line, but I have an AMD FX-6300, a Radeon R9 290x, and 16 GB of memory. There's no reason for this slowdown other than terrible optimization.I WANT to recommend this game a LOT. Theoretically, I love it. But the chugging framerate renders it unplayable, and the best suggestion I've seen in the forums is to edit your registry. When your customers have to edit their registry to try to get your game to work right, you've done something wrong.If the performance issues are ever fixed, I'll wholeheartedly recommend this game. Until then, avoid it, even on sale."
,Not Recommended,252030,8657434,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Grannox,This game is very unforgiving when enemies hit you.  You have to have perfect timing on the timed gates which are EVERYWHERE!!!  Upgrading your gear takes forever and is based on the random item parts that the mobs drop.  The map barely shows you anything other then the 3 or 4 rooms that are adjacent to the one that you are in.
76561197997417675,Recommended,252030,9589022,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,xXx_rAuL_RoVeL_xXx,"There are times when small production games surpass large budget behemoths.Valdis Story: Abyssal City, is one of those games.It all seems very simple at first, until you start getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you.  Personally I bought this game around release, and did not like it.  After reading rave reviews I decided to give it another chance, and was pleasantly suprised at how good the game actually is.  This game is megaman, ninja gaiden, shinobi, metroid, and castlevania all rolled into one tight little package.  The game can immediatly be picked up and played by anyone, but it takes quite a while, and some good hand\eye coordination to master.  The OST produced by Zack Parish (spelling?) Is fantastic, with driving boss battles themes and interesting level music.  The item system is also pretty decent, allowing you to upgrade your weapons and armor throughout the game, coupled with the skill\stat system and this game has a nice sense of character progression.I am sure I am not alone when I say, I hope Valdis Story does not end with Abyssal City.  Game is worth every penny, buy now!"
76561198025027196,Not Recommended,252030,14377538,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TemplarW20,"Do you like ""challenging"" games where the challenge is knowing the exact, specific button sequences that the developer intended for a situation?  If so, go ahead and play this game.  If you actually like being able to explore, or to find new and different ways to solve puzzles, then you will NOT enjoy this game."
76561198024439400,Recommended,252030,7578012,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Hazard,"I heartily recommend this game to anyone who likes RPGs as long as they dont mind a challenge. Valdis story has stellar combat and fantastic boss fights to go along with it. The visuals are beautiful and the soundtrack blew me away- making for a great experience- and there is content still being added. I impulse bought this title and I'm glad I did. Bottom line, go buy it, this title is deserving of money."
,Not Recommended,252030,10457889,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,grok,"I mean it's an alright game. Everything works, no major glitches/issues throughout, and it's definitely well-polished. It has major issues in terms of gameplay though. Some of the puzzles can be really obtuse or just incredibly difficult, and there's a bizarre power spike in enemies in the middle of the game that makes everything extremely hard very suddenly and very briefly. The game's mechanics didn't really make it feel new or interesting, and there isn't a lot of innovation which is not good for a metroidvania game--there are many other options that have more innovative concepts and are much more fun.That's the biggest problem; it just isn't that fun. I'd just so much rather be playing any castlevania game or super metroid instead of this. Not that it's bad, it just isn't good enough. And in a market where 5 dollars can get you TES: Oblivion or The Binding of Isaac there's not a whole lot of reason to add this one to your library, unless you want to get the trading cards that badly.Avoid this game unless you can get it for less than $2: I spent $3.75 on it and was stil unsatisfied."
76561198037735844,Recommended,252030,10521197,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,gromthep,"I'm writing this review right after finishing the game for the first time.Metroid, Castlevania, Devil May Cry, Megaman...  If any of those names fill you with fond memories of wanting to throw your conroller at the screen (as opposed to unfond memories of wanting to throw your controller at the screen), then you need to play this game.Valdis Story has elements from all of them, but most reminds me of the original Castlevania: Symphony of the Night on Playstation.  If we're honest, the whole game is probably much smaller, but it is absolutely beautiful.  Many of the exploration elements are very similar, certain areas requiring you to have specific items or abilities before you can access them.  A new twist are timed platforming segments, wherein you have to hit a switch and then traverse the necessary route before the door you opened closes again.  Many of them demand a great deal of precision, which can be quite frustrating at first, until you get the knack.The combat system is fairly deep, combining weapon combos with spells and dodge-cancels.  I've seen less complex combat from games that were supposed to be primarily brawlers.  And you will need to make the most of all of them when you meet the game's bosses.  There's no overpowering a boss through sheer button-mashing prowess.  You'll need to pay attention and attack, defend or run away at the right time.If you enjoy games that demand precision, practice and determination on the part of the player, then Valdis Story will deliver in spades."
76561197964704071,Recommended,252030,10538069,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Aznloki,Strangely addicting metroidvania
76561198003405597,Recommended,252030,10556556,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KidCrusher,"This is a wonderful and under-appreciated, 2D, scrolling beat'em up RPG that went under most people's radar.The graphics and animations are great, the combat satisfying (plus, hard to master) and the game has depth to keep you coming back, with multiple classes, crafting, skill trees and challenges.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,252030,8408323,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MagneT-Head,"I heartily recommend this gem of a game. The soundtrack is very good, the combat is exciting and challenging and the character and environment design is excellent. It should be noted that some platforming sections can be very frustrating, and it is very helpful to keep your own map as the game will only display the map for the region you're in.In conclusion; For me, this is one of the best games in its genre.Note; I know it says 18 minutes or something playtime in my profile, but I bought it on GOG first, where it doesn't record playtime."
76561198001584625,Not Recommended,252030,8958254,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Gato DELgato,"Almost a ""heck YES!"" except...The final boss and bland ending really ruined it.The ending was out of the blue and didnt really resolve much.The boss... was more of a poor endurance test than anything.. a very agrivating endurance test that demaned repetative perfection or it woud regen all its HP...."
,Recommended,252030,12576892,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kalir,"I am getting my face kicked in repeatedly but I have a giant mace so that's cool. Basically, if you want a kinda-sorta Metroidvania with DMC kinda sorta combat and a plot cribbed from SMT? Do this."
76561198017833318,Recommended,252030,9720688,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Havok,"Valdis Story was my hidden gem of 2013.  I picked up the game cause I saw the video roll and just really liked the art style but OMG, the game really brought me back to the good old days of Metroid (back when it was still a 2D side scroller).  I played through and enjoyed it so much,  I played through again with a different build cause the first play through, I hardly used any offensive magic at all and found it was even better and super different than the first play through.  I even ran through as the second alternate character too which has very different combat style.  The amazing thing was that additional content for the game was being developed and changed while I was playing through it.  Basically, during the later play through, and additional final boss was added and other little minibosses were added!  It was like getting DLC as surprise presents!  After those play through,  I'm now waiting for more additional content cause it looks like 2 additional playable characters could be added.  Seems like it will be a while but that's ok cause it'll give me time away from the game to enjoy it even more the next time I get back to it :-D."
,Recommended,252030,9785985,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,psy^,"game rarely gives you any sense of the direction you're meant to travel in, causing you to backtrack through lower level areas you've already explored trying to find a door or ledge you missed, constantly levelling up to the point that you can 1 shot enemies by the time you reach your objective.10/10"
76561198041724682,Recommended,252030,10567667,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AcidicReaver,"Fantastic Metroidvania style game weaving magic and swordplay. Playing on Normal the game isn't too hard or too easy,highly recommended."
,Recommended,252030,12451451,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mint,"Surprisingly, I can say that VS:AC is amazing for a metroidvania game. There is absoultely nothing bad to say about this title. My favorite traits of this title would be the constant urge to learn the patterns of a boss and the right time to dodge/block their attacks and the fact that you would need a certain weapon to fight other bosses (I wouldn't spoil the bosses though).If you want to play a game like the classic style Metroid or Castlevania games, I'd recommend this."
,Recommended,252030,28613562,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Leo,"The best metroidvania I've played on Steam. Controls feel pretty tight, just like playing Mega Man X."
,Recommended,252030,13532023,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[Horrible]Turok,very fun platformer. has an interesting level up system and other fun little things to add on to your playstyle. didn't take too long to beat so it is great for people who might not happen to have LOTS of time on their hands.
,Recommended,252030,13551476,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,slugs?,"Easily one of the best Metroidvania games I have ever played. The majority of the negative comments I see about this game call it rough or unpolished, and I totally disagree. The controls are very precise, and the game requires you to use that precision to complete many of its puzzles and bossfights with almost pixel perfect accuracy. Once you complete a perfect jumping segment or perfect a boss you will understand what makes this game so awesome"
76561198035870153,Recommended,252030,11710542,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Lablegger5,"I absolutely loved this game. Brought me back to the good ole GBA days of Castlevania and Metroid games. Character was customizable to how I wanted to play. The story was kinda wackadoo, but if you are a fan of sidescroller action games from the early 2000's from the GBA, this is a must buy!!"
,Recommended,252030,8494061,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Asdilo,"I really enjoyed this game. It is a metroid-vania action RPG with fast-paced fighting.  The design and style of the game is unique and pleasing. There are many items and equipment upgrades to satisfy any completionist out there. My only real beed with the game is that the story had a little pacing issues which led me to feel like at some parts now much story development was taking place, while in others it seemed to be too fast. I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,252030,8498089,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Emalde,"It's one of those classic indie Metroidvanias that you're sick of, except with really fantastic combat that makes it worth playing. You have special cancels, how cool is that??"
76561197996551554,Recommended,252030,8530362,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,‡ŠΞλ ƁƛƦǹǻƄęąşţ,This game is awesome!
76561197961418911,Recommended,252030,8540738,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Easy_Target,COol
,Recommended,252030,8494727,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Delite,"If you like Metroid Style games where you have to revisit places after you get a new ability, mixed in with combo action this game is pretty tight. I'm only a couple of hours in but really like what I've seen so far."
,Recommended,252030,8524251,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,xArmarine,"If you enjoy castlevania/metroid, and you really enjoy great music/mechanics, get this game. Totally worth the money - there is a lot of replayability here."
,Recommended,252030,8536679,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Dissi,"Metroidvania meets DMC with a quite nice story about Angels, Demons and ""Ferals"", a nice RPG character customization system and great Soundtrack. Only the SFX sound a little strange.Also very nice art design but a lot of characters just looking ugly on portraits."
76561198028125343,Recommended,252030,8548044,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Knightedrik,"Highly recommended, has equal parts Castlevania Symphony of the Night, Quacamelee, and Y's.  This game is hard, yet fair.. The graffics are really nice on ultra.  If your looking for a side scrolling action rpg with great depth. This one's is worth every cent. This one is a total buy for me."
,Recommended,252030,8613678,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Wedge,"Devil May Cry combat + Metroid platforming + relevant RPG stat/skill building = win?  Yes, yes it does.My biggest problem with the game is it's fairly short overall.  Once your character is levelled up and starts to get totally bad♥♥♥♥♥ you're pretty much done with the game and there's not much left worth killing.  Obviously adding major content from a small team that already spent years making this is hard, but a bonus challenge tower or something that used the game's existing assets would have been nice.  As is though it's still pretty replayable with a large variety of character build types and difficulty modes if you're so inclined."
,Recommended,252030,8838980,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Raxvar,"It's like Ys combat 2d-ified and put into a Castlevania game. If that sounds even remotely appealing to you, you need this game. Incredibly fun, and tons of replayability through different characters, specs, and difficulties."
76561198038391851,Recommended,252030,8852231,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Jaqal,Awesome game
76561198046234678,Recommended,252030,8227272,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gui Rocha,Awesome game!!!!
76561197989234669,Recommended,252030,8491198,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vovin,"Wow. Wow wow wow.This is pretty much the quintessence of Metrovania games, I am highly impressed. I am just 20 minutes in the game, but I am already loving the exploration factor and the fast, fluid combat. This game also has a good amount of personality.This is exactly the Metrovania-like I was looking for on Steam."
,Recommended,252030,8504327,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,(っ˘з(˘⌣˘ ) ♡,Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198005429506,Recommended,252030,8518520,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Megax780,"So far I've enjoyed the game very much. I love the combat system and talent tree/stats system it make the game feel more rewarding when you level. Controls could be better though, it managable with a keyboard. The boss fights are intensive with fast pace machanics to always keep you on your toes. I picked up this game last night and I would say I'm impressed, for it reminds me of Megaman x series or zero series, if you enjoyed these titles you will surely enjoy Valdis Story: AC."
,Recommended,252030,7991712,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cid,"Great combat, funky and sometimes maddening controls."
76561198015144042,Recommended,252030,7541821,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Snack Daddy,"Excellent game. Great music, fun combat, challenging bosses, lots of corners to explore for treasure. This is a pretty solid Metroidvania style game for anyone that enjoys that type of entertainment."
76561197982567490,Recommended,252030,13324005,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Nathaniel Prime,"This game is definitely worth more than the asking price. It is a Metroidvania, but with one difference - combat is freakin' sweet and there is legitimate choice offered as to how you want to build your character. Recommended for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,252030,8566261,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ForcesOfOdin,"Incredibly beautiful and satisfying ""metroidvania"". The Metroid and Castlevania Symphony of the Night (CSotN) games are the most famous of the early attempts to turn 2d games into open world games. Exploration is key, and progress usually involves a new ability or item allowing you to explore new areas, and new secrets within areas you may have already explored.This game takes a lot from Castlevania Symphony of the night, with a similar Trigger Button + direction to create magic, with its focus on melee combat outside of spells. Fans of CSotN might be dissapointed by the (relatively) small amount of equippable items. Besides that, I have to say this game is absuletly incredible and a real contentder for the best metroidvania game since Metroid Prime (I wanted to say since CSotN but Metroid Prime is stupidly good). Here's what I like about this game:Multiple characters to choose from, where they really are different in movesets, weaponry, spells, and stats wise. The first two characters you start with unlocked, and two more to be unlocked. The first is a male sword wielding warrior, and is considerably easier to use (at first) than the monk-like, female second character. Either one controls flawlessly, with VERY responsive controls (I played using an xbox controller).There is a block button, but the block button is usually not as good as the dodge mechanic. The dodge mechanic has you hitting ""A"" on the controller, and then a move of your character to the left or right will have your character do a dash in the direction you chose. While dashing you're invulnerable, and there's many attacks that require you to dash through them. If you're in air the ""A"" button will have you plummet to the ground quickly, which is a nice convenience, a puzzle element, and a get-the-f-out dodge for aerial attacks.Your melee attacks are two-fold, a light attack (X button) and a heavy attack (Y button) which can be mixed and matched or repeated in order to create a surprising variety of combo attacks. The attacks feel satisfying, and are fun to play with because of the variety in which light and heavy attacks can be combined into novel combo animations.The movement is rock solid in general, although the platforming is a little, very little bit floaty. You don't build up momentum like you would in mario, though this never really bothered me. Even when you have to jump to and from very skinny platforms, falling felt like my fault and not the fault of movement mechanics/physics. You grab on to ledges automatically, which is nice, but I do wish that grabbing was its own button because sometimes you'd rather wall jump off the near top of a platform instead of grab-on.Magic comes in several elemental varieties , with most having to be unlocked. Four spell slots ( corresponding to up, down, left/right are the same but in-air is its own spell slot so there are four) can be assigned one spell from any of the elements, The spell type depends on the element and which slot it is assigned to. Left/right holy magic, is always the same spell, but is a different spell than you would get assigning dark element or any other element to the same left/right spell slot.A problem that plagues many games is the usefulness and balance of the spells. I'd say that I feel healing spells are a little bit costly for the amount they heal, and that some of the Damage over Time (DoT) spells are a bit overpowered. Like the potion in castlevania series, the DoT attacks launch a projectile that stops upon monster-impact or after a fixed maximum distance. When they hit their mark they do damage each second or so until the spell wears off. The variety of spells is excellent, with 6 or 8 elements and 4 slots you have between 24 and 32 spells. Many spells in a given element have similar counterparts to spells in another element, but each element has its own flavor and elemental differences come to play in the rpg mechanics of the game.The game is very much an rpg, with experience points from combat leading to level-ups, which give you a stat point and a skill point (a la Diablo). The skill tree is typical of post-Diablo skill trees. There are three different ""trees"", offensive, defensive , and magical. Each tree has 3 skills per level , and 5 or so levels. Points in the second level can only be placed if you have 5 points placed in total AND at least one of those points is directly above the desired second level skill.The music is honestly not amazing, it's just there. It certainly detracted nothing from the game, but it pales in comparison to CSotN and Metroid's legendary soundtracks. However the sound effects are a notch better, still not the best you can find, but plenty satisfying when it comes to hit sounds, unique monster noises, and spell effects. Some sound effects (notably those in the wintery area) are almost laughably similar to those in CSotN, but that may more of a nod to the predecessor than a symptom of carelessness.The monsters provide a solid variety of movement/attack behaviors. Some are about your character's size, and some are huuuge. Some fly, some walk, and some do a bit of both. You'll find that the enemies each have their own patterns and openings which are learned through repetition (a la Dark Souls). However, like Dark Souls, the enemy variation more than makes up for the redundant feelings that accumulate over time. You will kill the same enemy type many many times, but I never got bored of the killing. Killing a monster because you know its pattern is very rewarding, and it's excellent to play a game where skill is as much of a factor as your character's ""level"" (again like Dark Souls).The visuals are stunning 2d, with beautiful tile sets that vary a lot around the different areas in the game world. The enemies and Character sprites are very colorful and detailed, with smoother features than you'd find in more pixelated old-school games. The usually bright, contrast heavy color choices are well done, and don't make the game feel cartoony in a trivial way. The whole look screams production value and care. It's some of the best 2d graphics I've seen outside of the last two Rayman games (which are INSANELY beautiful), and it's not quite as good as CSotN's pixelated style (it is close though).All in all I'd say you're a fool if you miss out on this game, and I reccomend it whole-heartedly to anyone who likes the metroidvania style of 2d games. Let's call it an exploratory-action-rpg-platformer."
,Recommended,252030,23744538,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[Skrub] Puds,"I don't know if I'll ever finish it, but I like it."
76561198047107264,Recommended,252030,8705880,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Rip Rad,"Combine Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past, Super Metroid, and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, and you have Valdis Story."
76561198045239738,Recommended,252030,9162906,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Sxe,"great game, a must buy."
76561198042543489,Recommended,252030,9360057,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,CobaltMonkey,"Excellent game. Combat is as simple or complicated as you want to make it allowing for playability by a wide range of skill levels, and multiple difficulties offer added challenge for those who want it. Multiple characters with differing fighting styles and their own multiple versions of the storyline (2 so far with 2 more forthcoming) add replayability, which is quite welcome as the game is a little short. The story, setting, and lore are very entertaining, and will only improve as the rest of the content is added.Overall, the game is quite good, and I do recommend it. But only if you have a good controller. And make sure to read the manual on the game's page in your library as there is much that the game itself doesn't explain.I give it a 4...out of 5."
,Recommended,252030,7764210,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Psiix,"Fun cheap game to play occasionally. Very metroid/castlevania like with rpg elements which is a win in my book and awesome artstyle. Def an old school adventure trhowback with the difficulty, YOU WILL DIE ALOT. But def worth a look if you have the extra $$$ or if its on sale def a good game to add to your collection"
76561197983190864,Recommended,252030,7819470,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,gruevy,"This game is goddam amazing. It's a metroidvania with a soundtrack that never gets tiresome, an appealing art style, and ridiculous amounts of things to unlock and collect. The bosses are a real challenge and you can't just power through everything like you'd expect. There are puzzles and challenges that require actual thought, as opposed to the standard random actions til you find the solution method. The story and setting are actually interesting, which is rare in this type of game. I can't recommend it highly enough. I genuinely do not understand why there hasn't been tons of buzz about it because it deserves top booking."
76561198049406061,Recommended,252030,7784598,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,NinjaEin,"The game is best described as ""fun until it is not fun.""  While the game is still fairly solid overall, it suffers from somewhat sticky movement, controls, and some absolutely atrocious boss fights every now and then.  I don't know whose idea it was to have a boss that not only has a shield that you must whittle down first before you can fight it, and -then- give said boss an ability that gives it yet another shield (coupled with the first shield slowly regenerating) as well as using any healing magic in the fight causes the boss to be healed, but... ugh.  That wasn't a good idea by far, and there are others like it, leaving me with a feeling of dealing with increasingly gimmicky bosses.Solid, but prepare to be frustrated.  The comparisons to Dark Souls in my opinion aren't valid; Dark Souls left you with a feeling of accomplishment after tough encounters.  All I had was frustration at how bad some fights can be."
76561198116279979,Recommended,252030,8685806,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ninjamack,This game is amazing in every way! it brang back the nostolgic feeling of super metroid and the fun of playing castlevania.
,Recommended,252030,8700531,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Asno,Good simple fun.
76561198016122374,Recommended,252030,8707238,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Hokuten,Hooked.
,Recommended,252030,8724243,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Adsel,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥9/10.
,Recommended,252030,7775530,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Tweeks,"Great game to play through, the builds are fun to try out and there's quite a bit of replayability with fun combat to boot. Minor flaws in that some of the treasure challenges are infuriating to the max due to sometimes questionable platforming. Other than that, I had and will still have fun replaying this game."
76561198049750980,Recommended,252030,9566945,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,salesbear,"Great Action Game, a little button mashy but it's cool, difficult, and definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,252030,12225617,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,pants‽,I played a few hours of this game and can already tell that this is a superb metroidvania game. As a devote fan of the classic Super Metroid I love how this game dosen't hold your hand making you play through tutorials it simply drops you into the action. From the start they don't limit your access to the games mechanics making the experience of playing/exploring very enjoyable.If you like action platformers definately give this a try!
,Recommended,252030,8284485,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,"Bishop ""Bristles"" Bronson",Metroidvania at its best. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥son.
,Recommended,252030,8585160,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lutti Lippe,"Very cool indie Metroidvania that really doesn't waste time with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tutorial levels. It has a pretty cool combat system that relies on player skill instead of in attributes, despite those being in the mix too. Recommended."
76561198090234489,Recommended,252030,9424010,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Rioma,"A great MetroidVania game with lots of replay ability and not easy at all. Very fast and fluid fighting, i would recomened playing it with a controller though."
76561198040599658,Recommended,252030,8677029,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,therouge123,If you only play one kickstarter game this year.  Make is this one.
76561197964523530,Recommended,252030,8696599,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nakimachi,"Love it, so much fun."
76561197992883039,Recommended,252030,8954811,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Currence,"Really solid platformer, not usually my type of game but I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,252030,8701356,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Jetm,"Valdis Story stands as a well-made metroidvania with RPG elements.As of this review there are two playable characters, each feeling fairly distinct from each other with three unique weapons  plus unarmed fighting. Upon leveling up, you receive a stat point to distribute between four stats, as well as a skill point to assign to each character's own unique skill tree.The game can get a bit difficult or frustrating on the higher difficulties, where missing a key jump in timed platforming segments or getting knocked off ledges can lead to having to trek through the same several rooms many times over.For those that truly love a challenge, the Goibnui mode offers a global leaderboard with which to compete against players across the globe in conquering the game on it's hardest difficulty without the luxury of saving.Overall, the game is rather short, coming in at about 8 hours for a 100% playthrough. That said, it's still fun and offers a great speedrunning challenge for those who're interested."
76561197988319173,Recommended,252030,8724913,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,sovietxrobot,"Valdis Story is a metroidvania-style game with combo-based combat, an RPG-like stat/leveling system, and crafting system. There are 4 different playable characters, each with unique abilities and play style.Pros:-Flexible character system that allows a lot of room for customization-A fair amount of secret/missable content-Great graphics, animations, and sound-Multiple PCs-Fast paced, combo-based combat that rewards skillCons:-Dialogue is fairly minimal"
,Recommended,252030,9915206,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Nebriozo,Beautiful looking game. The combat is really fun. The only real problem this game has is finding out where to go. It gives almost no direction. If you failed to right down which direction the next objective is you'll spend a lot of time looking because nobody will ever tell you again.
76561197995330276,Recommended,252030,11158489,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ichi,"indie game done right, buy it now! nub friendly !"
76561198047400933,Recommended,252030,8349339,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Aubron,I love this game. Probably the gaem i've worked the hardest on this whole year
,Recommended,252030,8944039,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Butternuts,"Great game. Fun combat mechanics, nice art style, pleanty of content. I really enjoyed weaving magic with melee combos. All around great old school style game but it doesnt have any of the old school pitfalls. Highly recomended!"
,Recommended,252030,9445981,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Rbandboy,"I will say this on the matter: of you thought Metroid needed more of a collect-em-all feel, or if you wanted the metroid feel with a sword, then do not hesitate to grab this game.My gripes:-Momentum is not maintained between rooms.  When you run into a new room, if you're just holding down the direction, you will just stand at the entrance to the new room until you re-register your movement.  (I think they hard-coded a room entrance with a wall jump, just to make it not immediately drop you...)-High level boss trigger items are available as craftable items, but don't have optional triggers.  This being said, a difficult boss may very well be standing between me and my next objective.-Low-level bosses sometimes de-spawn when doing other stuff in the story line.  I was looking forward to trashing one specific boss, only to find the room totally empty when I arrived again later.If you can stand my gripes, fire away at what (in my opinion) feels like the younger brother to Dust: An Elysian Tail."
,Recommended,252030,8025911,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,▲,"Megaman Zero meets Metroidvania.  A tad buggy and some crashes for me, but amazing gameplay.  Best I've played in a while."
,Recommended,252030,8585157,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,haplo187,This game is great...very metroidvanian with better fighting....very pleasantly surprised ;-)
,Recommended,252030,8587760,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Shi_Wei_Li,"If you ever wanted to play Symphony of the Night with a slicker combo system--now is your chance.  Plenty of RPG elements to go around as well, giving you freedom to try different Skill and Equipment builds.  The game is a about 12 hours, though there are multiple characters and  plenty of optional exploration you can do if you want.  There are a few masochistic moments of platforming (mostly involving obtaining the optional armor chests) that can make the game grind to a halt, but it's forgivable considering everything else the game does right.  Oh, did I mention it was made by essentially 2 people (plus composer and sound, don't wanna forget those guys!).Anyways, it's an action gamer's take on Metroid-Vania: and a pretty great one at that."
76561198026673593,Recommended,252030,8645273,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,CrazyHermit,"The combat and platforming are both demanding and satisfying. Hell you can bare-hand your way through the whole game and still wreck everything if you play it right. All in all, it's a damned fine game, and worth every penny."
76561198099033008,Recommended,252030,7666671,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,squerc,"I got surprised by this game which includes lots of things in a quite fast game, really good way of progressing trhough the world with a combo based fight sistem with both phisical and magical spells, the correct ammount of items to wear which can make a really customizable character.Lots of bosses with lots of mechanics and a lot of pain the first time. last is the fact that the game is good for speedruns and hardcore mode with a scoreboard to see who kickass"
,Recommended,252030,8581065,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,PlebCentral,"I've already sank 4 hours into this game which only felt like half a hour. The game is simply beautiful both graphically and from a game play perspective. I have waited a long time for a game to give me everything I want to keep me hooked, with a great technical fighting style which includes blocking, air attacks, heavy/light attacks, and even spells its got simply everything you need to satisfy that urge to kick the s**t out of something. The story for me made me want to play longer to know what happens. I've currently played just over 4 hours and at every given oppertunity I'm playing it without hesitation, if you're looking for a great game, with a unqiue twist, and great gameplay this game is for you! 4.5/5"
76561197967892640,Recommended,252030,8722539,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Don Pazuzu,this game rocks .
76561197998930779,Recommended,252030,12225987,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Vilagen,"I’ve been meaning to write a review for Valdis Story: Abyssal City for about a month now since my second play through of the game. And I may find myself doing a third or fourth one eventually since, at this time of the review, more content is supposed to come out for the game.The backstory of Valdis Story involves a war going on between angels and demons, and a crew of heroes who do not side with either army. The crew ends up separated in a hidden city underwater, known as Sitheil, and you play as either Wyatt or Reina as one of them tries to gather everyone back together and figure out what secrets this city holds.The gameplay is an open world 2d adventure, or ‘metroidvania’ for lack of a better term. Indeed, you will need to obtain other abilities before certain areas can be accessed. These abilities are actually tied into the different types of magical elements you will find, such as the ability that comes with Ice magic to create small platforms, or the very handy double jump received from another element. As you keep unlocking these powers you will be able to get access to new areas and travel into locations that you could not before. That feeling of being able to finally retrieve an item that has been teasing your for hours is the norm for this sort of genre.The magical powers you unlock are also tied into the gameplay, which is focused on combat. It is usually paced very well; it rarely feels boring or too confusing. You have your basic melee attacks of one being a weaker but quicker strike at the enemy while another button does a stronger but slower attack. These attacks can be used to make combos. The magic elements you pick up can also tag into those combos as well if you know which type of spells to use. Higher combos are not there to just land more blows, but will also reward the player with bonus experience if enemies are killed during a combo. One final mechanic to mention in the gameplay is focus mode. Just as one may expect, when character goes into focus mode they are generally granted some buffs. This does not just include full health and stronger attacks, but there are some special skills that will only work during focus mode such as being granted more HP, being able to steal mana, or even having the chance to resurrect upon death.The game does have some RPG elements in it. As mentioned, there are experience points for leveling up your character. Every time you level up, some of your stats will improve, and you will also get a stat point and an ability point to use. Stat points are used to level up certain statistics; strength, agility, intelligence, or luck. It should be pretty obvious what most of these would improve: strength grants you better attack and more HP, agility will help land critical blows and increase the time length of your focus mode, intelligence effects magic attack and damage, and luck can have an effect on any number of those stats. Some of these attributes, such as strength or agility, can have additional effects such as making certain moves or skills more powerful.Just like what stat points do for your statistics, skill points will allow you to gain a new skill. There are actually 3 different skill trees for each character, and you only have a limited amount of skill points you will get throughout the entire game. While this may sound like you will just choose on tree and stick with it for each character, there is a good chance that you will put points into the other branches for certain skills and abilities, and it actually works out pretty well. It adds a nice balance to the game since you cannot simply level up until you obtain all the skills available. It forces you to think about where you want to invest your points and what sort of play style you want. If you do feel like you made mistakes on where you invested your stat and skill points, there is a way to respec, but the items you need to acquire can be hard to come by last time I played.Moving onto the game world itself, Sitheil is an interconnected world full of dungeons and towns. Each town usually has items to sell and upgrades to obtain, while the dungeons serve as the meat of the game itself. Each dungeon usually has a few members of your crew to find, along with items and other secrets to obtain. Of course, once you obtain new powers you will probably want to revisit some of these areas to get into rooms or areas you couldn’t enter previously. Finding crew members and items tend to have their own rewards. Crew members assist you in a few different ways; either by providing aid during a battle, or perhaps acting as a vendor of some sort, so it’s worth finding as many as you can. Of course, there are items you can find that can help upgrade your equipment, or provide you with new equipment. There is a transit system in the game so that way players can move around the game’s world a bit faster.One notable exception to mention are boss fights. Valdis Story puts an interesting spin on them. Unlike many games where beating a boss maybe the achievement itself, don’t be surprise if you find yourself replaying the same boss battle over and over again; not to beat it, but instead to perfect it. Each boss battle ends with the player being rated a grade; the higher the grade, the better the reward. The rewards are not just more experience, but also permanent stat gains which could include more HP, attack power, agility points, etc. This mechanic is both clever and frustrating. During my playthrough I rarely felt like I could accept a low grade since this meant missing out on stat points.  In more than one occasion I was fighting the same boss over and over again that I was already skilled enough to beat, but not with a grade I found to be acceptable. It can lead one to a dilemma; do you refight the same boss that gave you so much trouble in hope of a better result, or do you accept your losses so you can continue the game? While this isn’t the first game I’ve played that had a grading system, it may be the first one where I cared about it since it directly affected my stats.When it comes to the story, there is some lore behind the world itself and the city of Sitheil that the player will end up learning about. The main characters have their own backstory and personality as well. While certainly not a heavily story driven game, it is a game that is able to tell one that most will find interesting and non-intrusive to the gameplay. It doesn’t try to be too convoluted or bore us with a ton of exposition; instead, it generally tells the player what they need to know, and then moves on. It was able to hold my attention while never feeling overbearing. I even replayed it a second time so I could see the dialogue differences between Wyatt and Reina. It should be mentioned that, while Wyatt and Reina do play slightly differently, the overall progression of the game stays the same. Yes, they do use different weapons, and have different dialogue throughout the story, but the intended layout of the dungeons and bosses do not change based on what character you choose.Finally, I want to address the soundtrack. Just like its artwork, Valdis Story has a soundtrack that matches its atmosphere and setting very well. There were not any tunes that I ever felt were out of place, and generally they complimented the area or event I was in at the time. While I do admit that this is not a soundtrack I would listen to outside of the game, it serves its purpose very well. Zach Parrish deserves a lot of credit for his work.Valdis Story is a solid and gorgeous 2D open world game, even in general that is packed full of these sort of games. At this time, I would be interested in playing a sequel to this game if it ever receives one. The asking price of 14.99 is quite fair for what you get."
76561198043866757,Recommended,252030,12446124,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hamtoilet,"Best indie adventure game I have ever played. The stroy was amazing, the art is fatastic. Don't even get me started on the game play. Its nice, with fluid combos. I loved the DnD feel it had to it when upgrading! It was really challenging; at one point i thought of Ninja Gaiden 2...its not that level hard all the time, just on some of the boss fights...a lot of them. The enemies level with you so to speak. When returning to an area in the begining, I was surprised when they were doing different moves and it took a little more damage to kill them.The only real ""bad"" thing I hated about this was when you reach an area border, you have to re-click the direction you were going most of the time. That part was really anoying when you are jumping into a different area. I didn't have to do it all the time though which was strange, but any time I really needed to keep moving forward after a screen change (time limmet parts), it happend.This is going into my all time favorite games for sure. I recomend this to everyone. I didn't know my life was missing something until I played this game."
,Recommended,252030,8700850,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Xyyx Slugcat,"Really quite good for a platformer hack-n-slash/metroidvania game, something that's becoming more and more of a rarity these days. Linear, but with an open-ended streak that allows you to get to spots you may not be ready for (as I, myself, have encountered). Combat flows nicely with a lot of room for fancy footwork. A punishing difficulty, but the potion system still gives you a fair bit of room to breathe.I'm not finished yet, but so far I would recommend picking it up even if it isn't on sale if you really like platformer adventure or metroidvania type games."
76561198035585178,Recommended,252030,8732314,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Lunar Moonraker,"From me this would come highly recommended, its Avatar The Last Airbender meets classical platformer games with good story, rpg elements, rough fighter action, and a constant flow of events.The only negative thing I would say about it is that, there is no multiplayer which is fine, but there is nocoop which is not as fun."
76561198013043238,Recommended,252030,9103384,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Deadalus,"This RPG is a true masterpiece. The combination of an absorbing tale, epic bossfights and beautifull art make this game to one of the best RPGs i have ever played"
76561198024742698,Recommended,252030,8680288,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,WolfmanDan,Fantastic Visuals and Score with a very strong and robust combat system. The only negative aspect is the somewhat floaty platforming controls which take a while to get use to. Strongly recommended to fans of metroidvania style games.
76561198029235381,Recommended,252030,8709776,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Chiba,"Great game but I will never play it again. The metroidvania style is really good, the combat feels great, the story is nice BUT the platforming is punishingly hard. Some people like it but I didn't enjoy it that much. after beating the game, and having a good time, I feel I'm done, even the promise of new characters will not make me go back to it. I think I got my moneys worth on one play through."
,Recommended,252030,9415627,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Maynarde,"This is the sickest Metroid / Castlevania RPG side scroller I've played in years. The combat is awesome, the lore is rich and the feeling when you defeat a tough boss is awesome. Recommend playing it on Hard, using a controller also highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,252030,33471587,Posted: 11 July,all,saluk,"I have played as much of this game as I want to, which as you may be able to see from the play time is not much. It's a large game, but 3 bosses in the prospect of going through the next section bores me. It's hard to pinpoint a specific thing the game does wrong: the feature list and even how some of those features are implemented should add up to a great experience. Metroidvania, check. RPG progression check. NPCs and towns and crafting and combat and spells... But it is all just bland somehow.Anyway, it's rare that I play a game for a couple hours and then decide I don't want to play it anymore, so I'm kind of disappointed that this one ran out of steam.+ Art is pleasing and animation is good- Characters are uninteresting- Angels vs Demons worldbuilding lacks depth- Level design is the same set of diagonal platforms in every. single. room.- timed switch challenges are not what I signed up for- control mechanics far too complicated- most enemies are annoying rather than fun to fight+ boss mechanics (on at least the first few bosses) pretty fun+ The music is alright+ from what I gather, there is a lot of content+ skill tree is interestingYour mileage may vary."
76561197996676227,Recommended,252030,24945253,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Finrod,"Metroidvania platformer.Medium RPG/crafting elements (harvest loot items from enemies, craft upgrades and new abilities).Strong, challenging combat w/ multiple supported play styles/builds (sword, magic).Pretty, distinctive art.Crafting and map traversal are arcane; no shame in finding a world map somewhere.Not a lot of text, but I got into the characters a bit.Some frustrating platforming sequences--fighting on narrow platforms w/ ranged enemies. Falling never results in death, just climbing back to re-try.Combat and platforming feel retro-difficult; challenges to play intelligently, rather than button mash.Reminds of Cave Story, Dust, Castlevania: SOTN. Recommended if you liked them."
76561198024316240,Recommended,252030,16552015,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,bl00dykuuntjuice,"Excellent Metroidvania, sometimes a bit too hard though. Recommend that new players start on normal. Tons of replay value."
76561198057230334,Recommended,252030,17745215,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mechanically Separated Chicken,"Valdis Story is gorgeous, has an awesome soundtrack, and features combat similar to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, and Devil May Cry. The world is laid out in a similar way to Super Metroid, with many atmospheric and highly stylized zones to explore.You can sink many hours into this game, since Valdis Story encourages you to do multiple playthroughs. Each character's playstyle is different, which creates a unique experience each time. For completionists, God Slayer difficulty is a genuine challenge, especially if you're trying to get ""S Rank"" during each of the boss encounters. Not an easy task, because boss difficulty ranges from total pushover to insanely tough.Similar to Diablo's skill tree system, each character has three unique skill trees, featuring unlockable special moves and bonuses. You earn stat points as you level up, and your character has a primary stat which they're built around. Fortunately, you can also respec your character's skills by visiting a vendor (Mesmer), which I felt was a nice touch. You won't get locked into one skill tree.Playing as Vladyn (unlockable character):Vladyn's arsenal of guns provides long range attacks, and his summonable minions will jump straight into combat, while absorbing tons of damage. Unlike some of the melee characters, Vladyn can rack up gigantic combos from across the screen, especially with his Long Gun (Rifle) and Doombringer (Launcher). He's a hell of a lot of fun! You can unlock him by finishing the game once, along with Gilda (heavy magic user).Critique:My one complaint about Valdis story has to do with its jumping puzzles and level designs, which can lead to frustrating situations and/or deaths. Sometimes, your character is knocked off a ledge by an enemy, and you'll fall multiple floors back towards the start of the area. On other occasions, you'll just barely get grazed by enemies who cast status effect spells (Fire, Poison, Lightning), and your character ""locks up"" temporarily, and becomes stunned. Thankfully, even if you die, Save Points are fairly common.On harder difficulties, you'll get punished for not blocking or evading enemy attacks. Getting hit multiple times can absolutely mess up your timing, and it'll also result in you dying very quicky. In this way, Valdis Story plays a bit like a fighting game. Practice blocking and Skill Canceling, and you'll be good to go, even against some of the scarier bosses.It's a good idea to purchase armor/trinkets which reduce/nullify status effects. Thankfully, the Paladin Armor and Armor of the Grey Knight provide status immunities. Equipping powerful weapons and items can make all the difference in this game.Arena mode (NEW!)The newly updated version of the game (featuring Arena mode) adds a new dimension to Valdis Story, and it's also perfect for testing different builds of each character. Arena mode is tough, and you'll find yourself facing multiple bosses all at once. Good luck, you'll need it.Final Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,252030,16881056,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,123,"Awesome, awesome game! So much fun to play, I really love the skill tree, and man are some of those bosses a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Love it, addicted to it alreadyTake 2; So, I still think this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥ the music in it is so good, I really enjoy the boss battles too. It is a really hard game, I am playing on easy and getting my♥♥♥♥♥whooped, really good challenge, easy to get the 40 retry achievement :)"
,Recommended,252030,7797916,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Moebius JD,Do you like Castlevania? Do you like Devil May Cry? Would you love a game that combines the exploration of the first with the deep combat system of the 2nd? Look no further! This is the game for you!
76561197975845420,Not Recommended,252030,8773661,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Not John Malkovich,"Unresponsive and VERY poorly thought out controls, badly designed levels, very few enemy types (all of which are 100% predictable), NPC interactions limited to ""hi, go here for next quest.""  I give this a D-, because I reserve F's for games that are nonfunctional due to bugs/DRM.Here's a limited sample of the frustrations:Many of the games actions are mapped to keyboard button combinations - for example, s+d, s+w, s+up.  You can figure the individual keys, but can't configure the fact that it's a combination rather than the MUCH simpler and more intuitive single button press.  There's no justification for this, other than the developers being LAZY as this is console port and they 1-1 mapped the buttons from the original.Many of the boss fights involve the following - boss punches the ground to use a shockwave attack, boss punches forward, boss makes stuff rain from the sky, repeat.  I've encountered this pattern (with very similar, if not identical sprites) on at least 3 bosses and I'm nowhere near the end of the game.  If you don't grind levels - and you level VERY slowly - most boss attacks deal 10%-50% of a full life bar when juggling, damage over time, and what not are added in.Loads of enemies have ice attacks that freeze you in place and want you to wiggle (<- -> repeatedly on keyboard) to escape getting endlessly rejuggled.  This game LOVES to juggle you with no control given to the player, no or limited combo break opportunity, and no chance to escape.  Just put the controls/kb down and let it do whatever.The game does not have money.  Instead, the merchants - of which there are many - want to barter for a very particular set items.  The game has ~50 or so things that can drop for barter, making trying to get anything from the merchants a ridiculous chore.  The game lacks any sort of in-game tracking for targeted trades.  You either need to write down the trade requests or consult a FAQ.Quest givers give you an indication where to go ONCE.  Asking them where to go a second time results in unhelpful small talk.  The in game map does not give meaningful directions, though mercifully it does tell you the current quest goal."
76561198038209491,Recommended,252030,16633798,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mi,"Beat the game as one character that was the monk on normal. The boss fights are the best part of the game. The game is like a devil may cry/metroidvania I was told. The combo system is not as fun as I hoped as I mashed out the same combo for the whole game but it was still a fun game. two of the character out of the four total are locked behind game completion with one of the two starter characters. Tried out the two other character for a bit after I unlocked them and they seemed really cool but I was done with the game by then. The main complaint I have about the game is that I spend my time wandering around lost mostly and had to look up guides where to go cause the map system was not too great. The game gave you directions where to go to advance the storyline at the start and then stopped giving them when they ask you to go find two items. It was frustrating to be lost so much.summary. Good game play, bad map/navigation help. 3/5 stars"
,Recommended,252030,8758621,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Gigi93,Great short side scrolling RPG game
,Recommended,252030,8763479,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,IronChefRamen,This is one of the best Metroidvania games I've played.
,Recommended,252030,16637860,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,mVanRider,"One of the best Metroidvania clones I've ever played. There's some issue with collision detection, but not bad enough that the game is rendered even slightly unplayable. I'd love to see a sequel with multiplayer support."
,Recommended,252030,16622973,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,"It's a mix of free-roaming RPG and Devil May Cry, except its awesome."
76561198066954202,Recommended,252030,24421029,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,abielf,"It's a metroidvania with bullet hell style bosses and a crappy map. This means some of the bosses (and certain combinations of enemies) are very difficult to fight, and exploration is tedious.That said, it's still a good overall experience. If you enjoy your first playthrough, there are several optional bosses and alternate characters you can play with. This is a game I'd probably give closer to a mediocre review if steam let me, but if I have to pick yes or no...I'd pick yes. But only if you're starved for a solid metroidvania experience."
,Recommended,252030,9056093,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Kodiak,Amazing platformer. Nuff said.
76561198043891963,Recommended,252030,15895656,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,dunaway5,"An excellent game, worthy of the genre.  Actually, it's one of the few true metroidvanias I've seen on Steam.  It has all the open exploration and secrets you could ask for, as well as some incredible artwork and sound and a fantastic combat system.  Overall, the game is almost perfect, save a few minor flaws.  The game can be challenging at times, but it's nice to see a game that requires actual skill over random button-mashing.  I highly recommend this to any fans of the GBA/DS Castlevania games."
76561198026912947,Recommended,252030,24733183,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,louis.john.is.not,"The best fantasy platformer I've seen in a long time. The game consists of a large map with a main storyline and various minibosses you may opt not to fight. This makes the game very replayable, if having a choice of four different characters, with at least three different weapons each, weren't enough for replayability. Enemies are characteristic of each area and they are somewhat varied with their own limitations, although the general inventory of enemies you will fight is somewhat small. Voice effects are a bit low quality, but sound effects and music are top notch. Gameplay and combat is very fast paced at times, and fighting enemies, is very enjoyable especially because the game seems to implement a good AI system. There are three factions and often times you will witness them clash and fight each other. Enemies don't necessarily adopt an obvious pattern to try to kill your character making some encounters somewhat of a challenge. The game includes a lot of other content such as an arena, a bestiary, lore, etc. Overall this is a great game and there should be more platformers like this. A++."
,Recommended,252030,8775738,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Maximillian,"This is actually a pretty good metroidvania style game.  The soundtrack is much stronger than I had expected going in.  The controls take a little getting used to (magic+direction, using the dash glyph), but is overall pretty enjoyable.  So far I'm playing it on the standard difficulty and it's the right mix of challenge vs. reward so far.  The visuals are fairly artsy and the regions are kind of fun to explore."
76561198171075739,Recommended,252030,16821743,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kenshin_VX,"What can i say other than this game is one of the most intense and challenging i ever play!.It's a really good metrovania every weapon, magic, spells and companions will give you many diferent ways to do combos and strategy to overcome the great boss fight's that awaits you all over the game ....never seen one with that many they are all cool plus the soundtracks will make it even better there are many people to find and artifacts that helps you a long the way and if you like the rush like i do then ill 100% recommend this game."
,Recommended,252030,16225973,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Human Shield,A surprisingly good Metroidvania with a combo system and Dark Souls style crafting and character building.
,Recommended,252030,16617120,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Muddie,"love the game! but it leaves you wanting to know more , theres alota lore, and back story thats left to speculation.Need a Prequel 9/10"
76561197981521697,Recommended,252030,8763761,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,pcj240ross,Simply divine and addictive
76561198004879887,Recommended,252030,8777625,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,IIIXPrototype,- Superb combat- Superb platformer that as made me swear a lots of time- Lots of epic bossbattlle sometimes more than 30 min nonestop- Good story where there is no good and evil- Very good music ! ( would buy it )9/10One of the best game of 2013
76561198085318221,Recommended,252030,16723526,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,getTHISwork,"Really good game, it really need more options for screen resolutions. Other than that this game is woth checking out!"
76561197991825366,Recommended,252030,16799184,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Vmad,"Love this game, i was very skeptical at first but as i got on playing i realised it was everything i was  looking for. Replay ablility, challenging, and there is a want, NO! A need to get better at this game. It is unforgiving, ruthless and a rollacoaster of an experience. To anyone who appreciates megaman, metroid snes, castlevania, ori....you will like this game.9/10 from me."
,Recommended,252030,16967847,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ixzine,WOW this game is good
,Recommended,252030,15901484,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,TastyFirestorm,"Like: Lots of solid game mechanics here: 4 unique playable characters with their own skill trees; upgradeable spells, weapons, and armor; boss fights with ratings; lots of hidden powerups; fun platforming puzzles. Pleasing graphics. Took about 15 hours to beat the game first time with ~90% completion rate.Dislike: Game doesn't pause when wireless controller battery dies. This happened to me during the final boss fight when both of us had less than 10% health."
,Recommended,252030,16371548,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nspannaus,Challenging Metroidvania.  Good stuff.
,Recommended,252030,16859734,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Papa Sensei,"Valdis Story is any metroidvania fans wet dream. The story is excellent, the combat is superb, and the art style and animations are a great throw back. The replayability is on point with the first Dark Souls as not only the classes and play styles can drastically vary with each playthrough, but the characters own version of events, so to speak, is portrayed in the main story. This combined with the plenty of optional content and upgrades makes this game a steal of a deal! Give these devs your money!"
76561198020930340,Recommended,252030,15819201,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Clint Eastwood,Great game! i recommend for peoples who like a challengers.
,Not Recommended,252030,8827586,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,all i wanted was a pepsi,"The bosses are dumb, long-winded damage sponges and the platforming sucks."
,Recommended,252030,16832936,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Plutia,"I hate this gameBut I can't stop playing itHelpIn all seriousness.. this is a very good game that has very bad points. It's the kind of game you're either going to love, hate, or hate-love.Music is damn good tho"
,Recommended,252030,10134282,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ichik,"This is the world, where gods kill one another, and where armies of angels and demons are fighting for forty years after the downfall of titular supreme goddess Valdis. Armies are controlled by her twin daughters, red-tinted Myrgato and yellow-glowing Alagath. And humans are used as foot soldiers and fuel source (a lot of that magic runs on soul power, so yeah, sucks to be human in this world). Obviously this dystopian fantasy world requires a rebel protagonist. And there they are —all four them, plus all their bad♥♥♥♥♥crew of warriors, magicians, rebellious demons and traitorous angels, travelling on their cool flying magical ship. Pursuing different personal goals they all agree on the subject war, that is must be stopped, and not be either of sides finally winning. And this is unusually large flying beast who tears this ship apart. Crew, separated by strange magic falls underwater to the different locations of legendary Sitheil. Long lost sunken city still contains some breathable air in its caverns, and shelters dangerous beasts, scattered survivors, magical artifacts and old mysteries.This is where the game begins. Player is prompted to choose main character. Though the developer intends to add two more playable main characters in the future, keep in mind that Valdis Story: Abyssal City was initially announced in 2007, and it took long 6 years before it was finally released with current two heroes, so it might take a while. Red-haired Wyatt wields gigantic sword, was raised by the demons and is in a search of his father. White-haired Reina starts with a bare hands and relies on her monk-training and magic. Their stories share same major pieces, but actually not replace one another, but rather intertwine and meet in the end. And it actually is quite worth noticing. Because, here's the thing, despite the fact, that my brief retell of major facts of this setting may seem like a generalised uninteresting mess, the actual lore and story aren't. Partly because all of that, except the flying beast are not actually told to the player in the prologue, but must be collected piece by piece from dialogues, item descriptions and story development. But mainly because retell presented you rather simplified version. Lack of the actual knowledge on characters' history and state of the world throughout the game creates delightful puzzle, and I'd rather not steal this pleasure from someone who intents to play Valdis Story. Let's just say that there's more than one twist, and the biggest one in the end, so it's more of a first tome in the series, than a closed book. Not all the questions will be answered, but this piece of a bigger story is of an amazing quality.Two characters have separate sets of talents (three different progression paths for each one) and weapons. They also start with a different armor and two souls each. Souls is the source of magic in Valdis, each provides four spells. With the Soul of Centurion Reina for example can attack foes with divine magic in three different ways and charge her weapon with it. During the game player collects different kind of souls, gaining access to the new types of magic and abilities, which help in visiting previously inaccessible areas. Also there's keys, quest items, armor, different kinds of loot for upgrading equipment. Resulting system feels just right: not too overwhelmingly complex, but not too simple either, being extensive enough to provide means to easier killing another particularly hard boss with choosing another approach, another set of magic, different, magic, armor, trinkets or assisting character.What stands truly unique here is combat system. You have two types of attack. Each can be used for a limited amount of times, increasing your combo rank before your character kind of feels tired. Here's what happens next, with the timed use of magic assist-attack you can increase the length of the combo. And longer combos deal higher damage. But the actual key here is using a special ability “Skill Cancel”. When used it dashes your hero forward or down, if you was in the air, giving him or her a few frames of invincibility and keeping combo chain on hold. So with this skill an experienced player can avoid damage and keep the initiative in fight. Also there's more boring blocking, and finally giving and taking damage fills your focus meter, which when fully filled can be used to enter focus mode, which heals you slightly, increase your stats and boosts your attacks for a limited time.Enemies have different strategies, abilities and weaknesses: some of them are nimble, some are heavy-hitters, some even try to poison you. But the true gem here are the bosses, who are challenging and unique. You'll fight lightning-blasting teleporting monk in the room with electrified walls, minion-summoning archangel blocking you from the use of magic with his attacks, and spore-spitting plant in a location slowly filling with poisonous gas. Like in some kind of slasher you can score a different rank for killing a boss, from d through c, b and a to s, with various aspects of battle taken in consideration.What’s truly amazing for the indie game is the amount of optional content in the game. There are whole areas and optional bosses that aren’t really needed to finish the game. Also some of the quests given by the NPCs are not mandatory, and you can ignore them. But hopefully you wouldn’t. Story actually is a bit non-linear and can be affected depending on player actions. Not of all those actions are really intuitive, some things are hidden well. The secrets of the game go as far as including concealed optional bosses which have to be slain before the timer runs out, or the story can take some unexpected turn concerning the survival of some of the NPC villages. Of course, there’s also more conventional dialogue choices for player to affect the story.All of those said above is packed with truly amazing visuals and soundtrack, making Valdis Story one of the best-looking 2D games. Characters move flawlessly with smooth and fluid animation. Backgrounds are truly detailed and a pleasure to look at. Design seems to be a true descendant of SNES era with its anime-like cartoon style, but it is executed by true artists who really have a passion for it. Same goes for music.Valdis Story: Abyssal City is one of the best modern 2D metroidvanias, if not even the best. Made by just two people, it really is an achievement. And what’s more amazing, considering its quality and size (I managed to finish it in 17 hours, while missing some of the areas completely), is that they continue their work on it. Not only they plan to add two more playable characters, who will have much more different stories, but they add all type of stuff like optional bosses, areas and items. They truly deserve your money."
76561198041637523,Recommended,252030,8215360,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Pharone,This game is awesome.  It's an old-school platformer with RPG elements baked in.  Huge bonus points for game controller support built in!
,Recommended,252030,8744745,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,SoulEchelon,"This game.. is difficult. And I don't mean ""Difficult"" as in challenging. I mean ""Difficult"" as in straight up ""Oh there's an enemy I can't see that's killing me"" or ""As soon as I jump on that platform an enemy will appear and knock me off it to plummet all the way back to the start of the dungeon"" or ""This boss is pretty fun-oh wait, it's almost dead and all of a sudden it can fully heal itself while spamming near impossible to dodge attacks at you"". Yes. That kind of difficult.There is a bit of skill involved in this game, and that's the fun part. The problem though lies in the fact that it seems as if the developers made -sure- that almost every single part of the game is tailor made to annoy you. I swear they placed certain enemies in places that WILL mess you up unless you knew they were there beforehand.Every single boss of this game starts off as hard, but challenging. There's a pretty intricate combo system involved that really can be enjoyable. But, as stated in my first paragraph, these bosses greatly enjoy ruining the fun for you by suddenly healing themselves, or teleporting away to places you can't get to quickly, or spawning a ton of enemies while teleporting away to heal themselves, or doing this, doing that. I don't mind an enemy healing themselves or teleporting away and so on - but the way the developers implemented these tactics in this game is truly, truly infuriating.Okay, now that I got that rant out of the way....The gameplay at its core is fun. Very combo oriented. You can block/counter, dodge attacks, aerial combos, and so on. It's mainly a platforming game - I'd akin it to a far more platform-oriented Dust: An Elysian Tale with a bit more in depth fighting system. Not to say this game's better though... Definitely not as ""smooth"" or fluid. Combat animations don't flow as well, though it does get the job done.Control-wise, as just stated.. not very flow-y. Everything has this odd air of being ""blunt"" and stilted. Platforming can be a bit floaty and hit-miss as well. There were times when I'd totally miss a small platform because the jump in this game is floaty. Also, the Dodge button is basically down+left or right. This in itself is a huge problem for controller users. Every once in awhile you'll accidentally press down while trying to maneuver a harrowing pathway or fight an enemy. This can mess you up completely - especially since your dodge has a cooldown.Death is somewhat forgiving (and you'll get used to it fast). You just start at the beginning of the current map you're in.Really, if you enjoy Metroid-Vania-esque games then you'll enjoy this one. It's just...the difficulty. Truly aggravating. I had fun with this game while also extremely hating it due to the troll-like positions of enemies and the aggravatingly resilient bosses. Infact, when I found a boss that I was able to kill before it could start its spamfest of powers, I really had fun with that battle. Not because I WON, but because it was all about dodging, blocking, countering, comboing, etc instead of getting stunlocked by abilities/spawned enemies or stopping said boss from healing itself by destroying crap way on the other side of the arena, and so on. But anyway, I digress...I really don't know if I should recommend this or not - but I will, because the game at its core is fun and enjoyable. If it wasn't, I wouldn't have put in as much time as I did with it, and I still want to play through it again as another character."
,Recommended,252030,27207105,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Piros,best metroidvania
,Recommended,252030,27331194,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shinobi Ryuu,"One of the best metroidvania i have played. It has many RPG elements, rewarding combat system, beautiful art and sprite animations, multiple characters with unique style to play with, many items to collect, and interesting story."
,Not Recommended,252030,23827187,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,elevul,"Platforming is not precise and inconsistent, making it very frustrating."
,Not Recommended,252030,8981371,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,moguri40k,"Game starts out fun, but feels like it was barely play tested.  Stun locks are a big part of this game so if you get hit, count on getting hit again by anything else near by.  Also, player power does not scale with boss difficulty well."
,Recommended,252030,26902708,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nastycrew,Beastly game this is
76561198006830932,Recommended,252030,27262665,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Pirate,"My favorite metroivania, multiple characters who play different and can be built to different styles of play. But perhaps its best aspec is also the most hated, it has a HUGE learning curve and can get very difficult depending on your ability. If your patient and learn the game it can be very rewarding."
,Recommended,252030,27348744,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meracath,"Great game, difficult without ever feeling overbearing, and there is freedom in how to build up your character as every bulid has a way to be viable.  4 characters that play quite differently and several levels of difficulty provide34 some cood replayabillity."
76561197965691696,Recommended,252030,26797966,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vinard,It is my favourite Metroidvania on PC. Just try it !
,Recommended,252030,26996830,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alekiel,"One of the most fun Metroidvanias I've played in forever, with enough customization for several replays, a neat setting and story and enough challenge to be just right."
,Recommended,252030,27414643,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AzureAx,"Is invigorated Reto a thing?If not, this game invented it.It reminds me of the side scrollers of old, but with a few new upgrades.If you are a fan of the classics, and looking to kill some time, this is a great game for it!"
76561198041774909,Recommended,252030,26720715,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Neko,Underplayed masterpiece
,Recommended,252030,27052531,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr Clean,"Very Fun Game, but very difficult for those that don't know how to play."
76561198036130967,Recommended,252030,27438657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MetalMari0h,"Overall a great game gameAmazing art styleEngaing StorylineEasy yet, difficult combat to master"
,Recommended,252030,26008358,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,veslan,"Really nice combat and gameplay, story was so-so. Enough of a game to play it through twice, which I normally don't do."
,Not Recommended,252030,26329960,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GambitDash,"I wanted to like this.  I really did.  I'd just finished playing a runthrough of Slat and Sanctuary, and then moved on to Dust, and was hoping to continue the trend here.Sadly disappointed on a variety of fronts, alas.  Played the game through to the ... fourth boss, I believe? and decided enough was enough.The controls don't feel tight at all - many times I'd try to wall-jump but would fail to connect.  In-air movement seemed floaty and inconsistent - landing on moving platforms was particularly challenging.  The graphics looked pretty but none of the textures aligned, leaving boxes around almost all of the background and level art blocks.  And the gameplay itself was... frustrating.  I'd picked up the third or fourth key and headed into the fire level and while any individual monster was not much of a challenge, I'd yet to pick up /any/ new weapons and by the time I'd gotten to the boss, the difficulty ramp from the rest of the level to the boss itself was huge.  And I don't think I was underleveled, either, having just unlocked the third tier of the upgrade trees.Traveling between regions was just not particularly fun.  There was limited enemy variety in each area, few rewards - mostly just crafting materials for later in the game, I assume - and with all of my attacks melee, each monster was a ready opportunity to lose expensive-to-regain health.Finally, having four differnet action keys - two types of melee attack, and two types of magic - seemed overcomplicated and unnecessary.Metroidvania's are on the knife-edge of reward-vs-challenge and playing this one just had too few rewards to interest me in trying to grind down another boss (or, this time, a boss-pair, due to a decision I'd made earlier) with my massively underpowered attacks.Can't say anything bad about the story, however."
,Recommended,252030,26893682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kojiro,"Excelent metroidvania game, worth of the full price."
76561198034607951,Recommended,252030,26968789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tecnotronics,"The best metroidvania out there.  There are a few characters to play; each with a variety of weapons, spells, skills, etc.  Compared to say Symphony of the Night, the difficulty in this game is absolutely brutal.  If you're really looking for a challenge, dive in!"
76561198046303967,Recommended,252030,26994941,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FrozenReaper911,"One of the hidden gems of all my games. This game is a great mix of platform, puzzle and all out action game fun! Has a lot of great replay-ability and the upper difficulties are fun to play while still challenging!"
76561198083345701,Recommended,252030,27187137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Le noob,"This game is awesome, you should buy it. Nice artwork, more than 2 characters to play, story changes depending on which character you play..."
,Recommended,252030,27494809,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Psetmaj,A great pick if you crave a good Metroidvania. The story is decent and the controls run smooth. There are multiple characters to play and each has a different style to them.
,Not Recommended,252030,34739365,Posted: 4 September,all,DiatonicEmperor,"Loved it in the first place(and still loving it somewhere deep inside) but I stopped playing it once I arrived close to the end, around 95.7% of the game as it's written on my saved data. Really, I think there are only 2 bosses left to beat but I can't continue, no more motivation. The game looks great, has great weapons/magic system and the music is really good too but I can't stand the lack of a world map and the unbalanceness of the game regarding enemies. I played 12 hours in total and I spent most of the time just going back and forth because, without a map, I had no idea where I was. About the enemies, even at the maximum level I need several hits to kill basic enemies and some of the boss fights are just ridiculously hard. Luckily, when you die in a boss fight, you respawn right before it but after lots of attempts you just have to quit."
,Recommended,252030,8150161,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Arkham IKnight,Great challenging game .the combat system is fantastic and there is some serious boss fighting .my personal rating 9/10
76561198339691441,Recommended,252030,33381902,Posted: 8 July,all,SamyakEsesem,Good
,Recommended,252030,33221028,Posted: 4 July,all,vegan meth,"Amazing, but probably too hard for you."
76561197970714956,Recommended,252030,12634715,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Topher,"Fantastic metroidvania/brawler style game.  Definitely one of the best I've played.  Combat is very rewarding, level design and art is great throughout, and bosses are very well put together.  Bosses also have a rating system, and a rather forgiving retry system (it hurts your rating to restart a boss fight - but ratings have a very slight affect on the game, and it is really only their as a slight punishment - I thought this was a fantastic compromise between challenge and hand-holding).Honestly my only critique is the games platforming sections.  While controls feel great for combat - I had a harder time when trying to navigate tiny floating platforms.  It feels almost as if there is a slight input delay - that lends itself well to the combo based combat, but not so to navigating an obstacle course."
76561198026391227,Recommended,252030,11234132,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Elyncia,"Valdis Story is a solid, metroidvania RPG with fast enjoyable combat that, while short, offers plenty of replayability and room for exploration. Valdis Story is probably one of the best of it's genre that I have played, so I would recommend giving it a chance. TLDR at the bottom, for those who aren't looking for the specifics.Valdis Story has tight melee centric, fighter-esque gameplay, uncharacteristic of what you might expect of the genre. There are 2 basic attack buttons, light and heavy, as well as a button toggle for magic with several directional options to change which spell you are using, and assist characters who can help you chain combos together or provide useful secondary effects. Skill cancels (dodges) and parries become available later on for the purpose of damage mitigation or as additional offensive tools. Combat is easy to learn and hard to master, with grades awarded based on performance on boss fights and numerous rewards for good play.Valdis Story has two characters, Wyatt and Reina, who both have 3 different weapons each (not including barehanded combat) and several supported playstyles and builds each, based on 4 stats. (Luck, Str, Agi, Int) Each character has 3 different skill trees that you can use to customize the character to your gear and intended playstyle. Wyatt is a very straightforward fighter that can be anywhere from a pure brawler, to an assassin or a spellsword. Reina is a bit faster and weaker than Wyatt, and has to rely more on combinations of magic and attacks early on but can later become anywhere from a powerful mage, to a lightning fast brawler lategame.Valdis Story is also an rpg as much as it is a metroidvania, there are many pieces of interesting gear scattered around behind unforgiving timed puzzles that you may end up running through the game a few times to try incorporating into a new build. Some cons to the game are that it is perhaps a little melee centric, that some bosses and timed puzzles are rather unforgiving on your first or second time around and that there is no world map, though like Dark Souls the world is small and interconnected and you will eventually memorize where everything is.While not relevant at the time of this review, there are two characters planned to be released later which may extend the lifetime of this game later on. I also feel that it would be selling the game short to not mention the excellent soundtrack it has going for it.TLDR: I strongly recommend you play this game if you are a perfectionist, or enjoy metroidvanias. You would really be doing yourself a disservice to pass on this game if you like either of it's main genres."
76561198015016922,Not Recommended,252030,8530313,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kroan,"I bought this game during the sale hoping for another awesome metroidvania-style game like Guacamelee!. Unfortunately this game is plagued by loose controls (the platforming parts are horrible) on top of an annoying control scheme. For example you have to press (and hold) a button to enter ""casting mode"" and then press a direction for the spell you want to cast. In the heat of the battle this often results in the wrong spell. The story, for as far as I played, was very boring and filled with stereotypes. The main character is very unlikable as well and tries to hard to be tough. The game had a lot of potential but is missing a lot of polish, which is why I can't recommend to buy this game. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,252030,8553505,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wil'Thuuzad,"Valdis Story: Why gameplay testing is *so important*.This game is utterly beautiful, and the combat and magic design are well done, however it has a clear problem that's common among indie games, lack of outside input on gameplay difficulty.  I enjoy difficult games, and i like a challange, however this game demands more of it's players and controls it's than i think is resonable.The excellent game design show, ""Extra Credits"" once gave this advice to indie developers, ""If you think that the difficulty of your game is just about perfect, it's probably way, way too hard.""  In other words, as a developer makes the game, they become so familiar with it, that their sense of the difficulty is off, and they tend the game and it's challanges more difficult than they indended, even if they intended to make a challanging game.This is most easily seen in Valdis Story's many timed puzzles.  Often they require you to hit a series of switches in order, hitting as many as 10 in a row before time runs out on the first switch, with platforming in between.  The margin for error on these switches is *incredibly* small.  It's not uncommon to hit a switch in this game and see it's giving you 2 or 3 seconds to find the door that just opened and dash through it, often a ways off screen.  So for the long sequence switches, you often have to hit the first, run to the second, hit it, look for the door that opened, find it, then go start the process over because you spent too long looking for the second switch, hit the first again, hit the second, hit the third, look for the door, start over again because you lost time again... etc. etc. etc.Once you do find all the switches, and their respective doors, you are then tasked with hitting every one in order literally without a single missed jump or ledge grab for the entire sequence, something i don't believe the controls are tight enough to warrant, and i know i certainly am not a good enough player to pull off more than half the time.  What adds the frustration cherry to this gameplay sundae, is that failing a run early on will force you to sit and wait by the first switch for the timer to tick all the way down before you can restart and give it another shot.All in all, this is a very interesting game from a very promising studio, and i look forward to seeing their future projects assuming they can master the difficulty curve a little better in future."
76561197998636088,Not Recommended,252030,8791397,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,KeeDoo,"Potentially good Castlevania type game. But the clunky and fussy controls bog down the experience. Especially frustrating when the controls are need for the numerous timed platforming puzzles which require finese down to the last second. Fights are crisp, but one wrong move will leave you stun locked by multiple enemies, leaving a feeling that fights are very one sided and artificially hard.Visually stunning, Valdis Story favours style and lengthy animations over practical controls and may leave players wishing they could consistently pull off the flashy moves to good effect.Give it a try, but be prepared for a frustrating time"
,Recommended,252030,7898181,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[BFC] Tenacious Lee,"This game is really different, but in a good way. On one hand, it's your typical SNES-PS1 era platformer, on the other hand, however, you have this really fun RPG combat element added (leveling, magic, equipment, skill trees, the whole nine yards). The combat is fun and fluid; while difficult at times (I started on a higher difficulty with a ""harder"" character) is never cheap.I really don't play video games for their stories, believe me, but the artwork,characters, music, and setting all come together to form a complete picture that actually makes me care where the story is going. For eight dollars, I'm more than content with what I paid for."
,Not Recommended,252030,13991702,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,"Hello, my friend!","If you read the negative reviews for this game, you'll see a recurring theme about bad controls.  And let me tell you - there's a very good reason for that.  It's also just a little bit lacking in the explanation department about game mechanics (especially with the spell system).  Some retro gamers might dig that ""drop you in and let you sort it out"" kind of gameplay, but I think a little bit of handholding can be a very beneficial tool.A couple other annoyances:- If you change scenes while holding down left or right, you won't start moving until you lift off the key and press it again.  This might not sound like a big deal, but after 10-20 times of this happening it starts to get on your nerves.- The boss battles are graded.  A good grade gives you permanent, otherwise unobtainable stat buffs (which can be equivalent to the stats you gain from several level ups).  But - you cannot go back and repeat a boss. If you beat one with a bad grade, that's it; and you're Don Goofson.  This ends up giving more stats to the skilled players that don't need them, and stunting the growth of unskilled players, making the rest of the game even harder.  It seems a bit counter-intuitive.- The graphics will occasionally lag for seemingly no reason and I have neither the time nor the inclination to figure out why and/or resolve it.It's a shame, because this really seems like a game I could get into and thoroughly enjoy if it weren't for the frustrations listed above.  Primarily the one that comes along with trying to get your character to move where you want them to go."
76561198014890744,Not Recommended,252030,9278094,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Alight,"Huge potential stumbles into a mediocre action platformer.  Valdis Story has excellent production value, but the art direction ends up a cluttered mess.  Light and shadow play no role in this universe, coming and going as they please.  It nauseates me, even though I love the anime aesthetic most of the time.The controls feel floaty and awkward.  To dodge attacks requires something akin to a three button maneuver, involving jumping and then performing the Hadouken joystick movement.  It is, quite simply, redundant and tedious seeing as most titles in this genre set dodging to one button.The platforming is an abomination.  Even very early in the game platforms are often tiny, and I often find myself falling all over the place, forced to retrace my steps.  Toss in archers/spellcasters who barrage you with projectiles whilst trying to platform and you've got a cocktail of frustration.  The problem is the core design.  Platforms don't need to be huge because he can hold into ledges, allowing for a lot of wiggle room.  The issue with this is that the characters are almost useless in mid air, so they depend on platforms to dish out attacks.  Hanging on ledges slows down the gameplay and cripples the characters to the point of absurdity.All things considered, this is a quality title that many can find enjoyment in.  It offers a deep development system of stats and skills.  And, as aforementioned, the quality is high.  It's just the core gameplay that I just can't get onboard with."
,Not Recommended,252030,8545242,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,taxman80,A decent distraction for a few hours but ultimately it lacked the ability to grab my attention and I will move on to other games.
,Not Recommended,252030,12230225,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,AlphaJew,"Now I'm all about gameplay and this game has some really ♥♥♥♥ing mediocre controls. They're alright overall and ♥♥♥♥ing garbage when you really need them for some of the platforming and dodging. The whole combo system doesn't make sense, the more you hit♥♥♥♥♥♥the higher the combo but the combo tiers/exp rewards differ sometimes when you get the same combo length. There are also only a couple of good boss fights in the game but overall they're tedious as♥♥♥♥♥♥to take down with each one having their own obnoxious gimmick. The bosses themselves aren't exactly the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥to kill, it's when you get scored at the end of a boss fight that makes it obnoxious as hell. You get scored on how long it took to defeat it, how many times you got hit/how high your combo was, and how many bars of life you needed to defeat the boss. Trying to get that 'S' rank on a boss is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥and annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. ♥♥♥♥ING DESTROYING CRYSTALS TO STOP A PASSIVE REGEN ON A BOSS ONLY TO HAVE THE CRYSTALS RESPAWN 30 SECONDS LATER FOR YOU TO RUN AROUND AND DESTROY AGAIN IS NOT FUN, IT'S TEDIOUS AS ALL ♥♥♥♥. Now I'm all for hard games that are actually, you know, hard. You get a feeling of mastering the game with your own skill. Valdis Story fights are mastering a cheesy gimmick and hoping that the controls don't ♥♥♥♥ you over when you have to dodge, jump and run around platforms. It's incredibly aggrevating.A few of the enemy designs are also annoying as hell to deal with, and you have to deal with them a lot. Like there are these floating ferals that can cast a wave of spells on the ground and if you get hit once, you're in for the whole ride. Man i wish the controls were better. Then the same enemy also has a shield they will deploy once they hit a certain threshold of hp, making them invinicble for about a few seconds. and the do this twice. this completely halts any action on this one specific enemy. I can forgive them if they just had it do the shield♥♥♥♥♥♥once, but twice? come on.The soundtrack for the game is well done though and overall the game looks very pretty."
76561198074601889,Not Recommended,252030,13794142,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Signas,"I really love Metroidvanias and that's why I bought this game. Unfortunately I got an unripe fruit that doesn't seem to ripen any time soon, if ever.Valdis Story: Abyssal City should be labeled as early access game. The game is (mostly) complete but it lacks severe polish and feels unfinished because of it. The controls are a bit wonky, there is some control lag and for some reason they are queued so if you input controls too fast, the character will perform all of them before stopping. On top of this all the font used reminds me of countless horrible Korean MMORPGs. Why was it chosen?The story is complex and I gave up trying to understand most of it. To get the best possible ending you are supposed to save all the cities and their inhabitants. This involves doing several tasks with some vague hints but if you venture too far in the game, you can't complete your task at hand. The game doesn't give you any indication of this. Oh yeah and you have to find all your friends too for reasons unknown. Most of them do nothing. Characters in general are all too shallow.I like challenging games when they are challenging for the right reasons. Most of the difficulty in Valdis Story is artificial. The hit detection and hit boxes are weird. There is no mercy-invincibility, which means you will be stun-locked and you will lose plenty of hp. Most of the bosses have tons of hp and moves that are impossible to dodge or guard against. To get the best grades (and rewards that help immensely!) you have to beat the bosses fast, without taking damage and performing a long enough combo on it. Save points are scarce and you have to keep backtracking to them unless you feel like being ambushed by a boss monster, dying and losing at least 30 minutes of gameplay. There are also plenty of timed puzzles and they require pixel-perfect maneuvering with various skills. Good luck with that with the weird controls.The game isn’t without good aspects and an update or two would fix most of the bad things listed but as of now, I can’t recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,252030,9273915,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Sho,"After putting a few hours into the game I can't suggest this to most people unless you really enjoy an abusively difficult MetroidVania style game. Even on ""normal"" difficulty this game demands near-perfection from those who play. Some of the treasures you're trying to get are behind speed challenges that are so close you may as well start over on your very first mistake (even if it's a minor one). You will die, several times, so unless you find redoing things several times fun you will probably become frustrated at the design of the game. Finally the game is unstable, it's the only game in my library that crashes frequently (so I know it's not my computer) which is incredibly upsetting after you're doing well against a boss only for your progress to be lost due to a crash. That coupled with the infrequent save points just drains most of the fun out of this game real quick."
76561198006580639,Not Recommended,252030,9984874,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,uanime5,"While the art is good and the concept is interesting overall the game is poor. Despite a large selection of character I found them mostly bland and didn't care for any of them.Even though there's a large selection of items and helpers almost all are useless. The Paladin armour is effectively mandatory because without it's anti-ice abilities you'll be stun-locked by an enemy that can use ice.Most of the bosses can be beaten simply by button mashing and occationally avoiding one of their attack (which is often difficult to see as you character will be very close to them), rather than having to develop a strategy based on the spells and items you have.In order to save everyone and get the best items you have to read the guide because there's no way to figure this out most of the time. For example to save Tagnum you have to return to Tagnum at a time when you have no reason to go there and talk to someone who you have no reason to talk to.While time limits for puzzles are good because you only have to wait a few seconds to restart a puzzle if you can't solve if perfectly, they're terrible when you have to escape from somewhere because one mistake makes it impossible to escape and you have to wait for several minutes before you can try again.The map doesn't contain any information about where the exits lead to so expect to spend a lot of the time lost.Finally the lack of a save game plus means that all the work you put into your character will be lost and it you can't keep replaying so you can upgrade all the armour either."
,Not Recommended,252030,10203922,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ap0strophe,"I'll start with the good:  The music and art are excellent and the story is interesting.  There's also a lot of fiddly customization for your character, their equipment, and their spells.Now, the rest:  For a Metroidvania game, it feels a little slow to introduce new navigational abilities, and the combat balance is weird; enemies I was beating easily at one point suddenly took many more hits to defeat on a return trip through the same area (this could be by design, but I don't care for it).  I was also pretty frustrated by the map system, in that it only showed the current section of the game world, so moving from one town to the next via the tram had a tendency to cause me to lose my bearings in relation to my current objectives; a clear map of the whole game world combined (at least as much as had been explored) would have been my preference.Those issues by themselves I could have lived with, but then the game introduced a timed escape run after one of the boss fights; one that took me through rooms with crumbling platforms that did not regenerate and were needed to move to the next area.  I flipped the bird at my monitor and uninstalled after my fifth attempt."
,Recommended,252030,8573610,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Admiral Awesome,"One of the most refreshing games I've played in a while. As said multiple times in these recommendations, it definitely does the metroid-vania style proud; however, Valdis Story: Abyssal City one ups any metroid or castlevania game I've played in one area at the least, customization. How many people in Symphony of the Night wanted to use the nanchaku but was severely disappointed by how weak it was compared to your other weapons by the time you got it? This game solves problems like that, by making no weapon or armor a direct upgrade to another. This is by far my favorite part of the game, you can use any armor, and enjoy all the cool effects it may have, and not feel under powered. They all have stats of course, but the game focuses more on the stats you give yourself from level up, than the ones you obtain from weapons. The stat changes are simply for changing the play style of each. This concept goes for everything including armor, weapons, spells and accesories. The combat speed is very refreshing too, and different from most castlevania games where you hope two swings from your great sword kills an enemy, instead you're given situations where you need fast paced combos where you will need to utilise the skill cancel and dodging to keep up the offensive.However there are some bad points. One in my opinion is pretty terrible, because it directly clashes with my favorite point of the game, the customization. There are only 4 slave slots in the game, in a pc game where you're not held back by catridge size requirements, I don't see why this would ever be done. There are 16 different armors in this game, That means you can pretty much make 16 different builds for just one character, and there's 4 playable characters! You can see how frustrating it will be to make one save file for each character and decide on one build. Other than that there are a few small bad points but nothing to deter a buyer at the slightest, There was a sequence break (skipping ahead in the story) that I managed not entirely on purpose where I fought an endgame boss halfway through the story, and seeing that it took me an hour to kill it should have been my first warning to restart and ignore that boss, but I killed it and kept going anyway. The problem though is the game scales enemy difficulty with how far you are, and so the game has scaled the entire game to endgame difficulty and is much harder than I am quite comfortable with, but alas that is my fault... just a word to the wise, be wary of cold places near the third town...All in all, it's a great game, and you'll have hours of fun playing this. If you're a metroid-vania fan, this is a must buy."
76561198031789742,Recommended,252030,7757894,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Regis,"Really amazing game: beautiful sprites, nice combat & movement, cool music, and a good challenge."
,Not Recommended,252030,8586750,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ophenius,"This game was pretty decent for a Metroidvania style game, but it's too stupid for various aspects of game design to make it a very unenjoyable game int he end. Controls are wonky and there's too much cheapness to enemies that make you want to throw your controller. This game isn't about skill so much as it wants to make you rage."
76561198043771429,Recommended,252030,8125609,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BiggieJohn,"Really took me back to the older castlevania's/megaman's/Metroid games.  Was fun, somewhat challenging, have to find save points, RPG elements to make your character feel defined.Great game, worth 15 USD, it's on holiday sale right now and I highly recommend it.  10/10 in the Metroidvania category for me.  This game defines and sets the stage for metroidvania on the pc right now.Don't overlook this gem."
,Not Recommended,252030,9046672,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Mighty_Marcos,"Sorry, I love metroidvania platformers. The art is nice, the controls are good, it's the level design that I hate. I am currently stuck in an area, along critical path*, where it requires some advanced skills from me to proceed.The game went from a good difficulty to near impossible after one boss fight. I cannot go back or save either, so all I can do is start again in a  save room, make my way to the boss fight, fight the hard♥♥♥♥♥boss and then be stuck, with no way to return, in a jump puzzle that is just f*cking hard as f*ck.I take it the devs are indie and have no idea of what critical path is and how it should not contain very hard a$$ puzzles to the point of making the game unplayablehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KDJwFpPMs8."
76561198032067409,Not Recommended,252030,8526339,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,USM-Valor,"Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to anyone but those who love old-school hack-and-slash platformers. The game calls for fairly rigorous platforming almost right off the bat, which comes across as tedious rather than fun. The second boss you come across has a strategy of boxing you into a corner and pinning you there. IMO that's more mechanics abuse than strategy due to stun locks and jump mechanics limitations. It is a perfectly winnable battle, I just don't enjoy that type of gameplay. I can only imagine it gets more ""fun"" from there."
76561198042859938,Not Recommended,252030,8557176,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,"Somewhat unfinished package, tries to be SOTN but fails :("
76561198013587932,Recommended,252030,7781325,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Hitsky,"Valdis story : Abyssal City is a Metroidvania type of game with quite interesting backround story and setting but shadowed a littlebit by frustratingly hard bosses. The game begins with your character dumped into an underwater city along with your now lost crew and point is to try search all of them and find out just what is going on.Population of the games world is split into 2 main factions which are Angels and demons, both sides trying to obliterate the other. Humans are minor third faction whose existance is comparable to fodder for both larger factions and their souls are used to bolster ranks of angels and demons. In Abyssal city another side called Ferals come into this equation, dangerous species who skulk around the Abyssal city and ruthlessly kill any who come in their way but for some reason they specifically hunt only angels and demons.You are a freedom fighter demi-human, a leader of your little crew consisting characters from all 3 factions. Every crewmember has, for personal reasons, pledged to your cause to fight both angels and demons. Each member gives you either an ability to summon him to aid you in a fight, work for you as a vendor in specific place in the game or teach powerful, castable finisher attacks to improve your combat performance.The game itself is basically sidescrolling hack and slash coloured with more or less difficult enemies, occasionally somewhat tough platforming and just insanely difficult bosses who are likely to have your hide several times until you figure their patterns and weaknesses. Thinking how you place your hard earned skill and stat points along with upgrading your picked up gear is imperative to make it to the end and using spells and buffs is occasionally a matter of life and death. For example an Ice buff against fire type enemies or bosses might actually save your controller/keyboard from immediate obliteration caused by momentual lack of better judgement due frustration.As it is, combat is very fluid, magic system works very well with melee combat system, weapons, armors and assistants are more than worthwhile to level up and with cooperation of skill trees and stats posses heavy effect to your combat style while allowing you to build, at least almost, the kind of fighter you want.. be it counter attacking warrior or backstabbing assasin type.. or just yolo going megacrit maniac.Valdis story has few game time connected events and doing something before its too late actually affects the later parts of the game. You are likely to waste much more time on your first playthrough but if you think it as a mere training run before the actual fun begins on the 2nd run, it makes Valdis Story : Abyssal City much more satisfying experience."
76561197983820797,Not Recommended,252030,11012315,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mak,"My review is mostly in line with what others have said.  The game has immense potential, but ultimatley the poor control mechanics and unbalanced difficulty hold it back, in addition to a few poor design choices, such as not having any sort of world map (users have had to resort to creating their own), as well as not having any objective identifiers or reminders (you will find yourself lost many times, and this is usually the most common forum question, some variation of ""where am I suppose to go now?).At this point I would argue the game is not quite ""there yet"" and it would be better for you to save your money until these issues are fixed.The good news is that while these issues are pretty big, they should not be too hard to fix, and part of the reason I held off writing a review for so long was to give it time and see if the developers would start listening.  Unfortunatly that hasn't happened, and at this point I think the problems with the controls and difficulty have been brought up enough times by so many people it's hard to ignore.  It's been nearly a year, and they still have not added any sort of world map, any objectives, fixed the controls, or done anything to balance the difficulty.Until the developers fix the controls and smooth out the difficulty, I have to recommend people avoid this game for now.  It feels like it isn't ready for prime-time yet."
76561198019579984,Not Recommended,252030,8725909,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,AppleFace,"As good as this game looks, and would probably be awesome to play, my lap top can not run it. Not because I have an old lap top. In fact my lap top specs are way higher than the minimun requirements mentioned. It seems that the game is not favourable to integrated graphics, so be warned before buying this game. It may not work."
,Not Recommended,252030,10260953,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SchizophrenicGamer,"This isn't a bad game... but it's missing something. The graphics are adorable, and a lot of it is pretty good, and I really really want to like this game, but I just can't.I don't know what it's missing, but it's missing something that takes it to that level of amazing, that it really could have achieved. The combat is fluid, and there's really nothing ""wrong"" with it, it just doesn't give you that same satisfaction and pure love that it's predecessors like Symphony of the Night, and Metroid have given. If you're looking for games in that genre, Dust: An Elysian Tale (sp?) does a better job and really pours the love into the game.All in all, this game looks great, and could be a ridiculously amazing, addictive game, but there's just something that makes it ""ok they made the mechanics good, but they pieced together level design and a non-engaging story"". Hopefully they come out with a sequel that fixes those issues, because this has so much potential."
,Recommended,252030,12202943,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,CasualCastro,"A highly enjoyable sidescroller with options, and a rewarding difficultly level. Got 100+ hours out of this game easily."
76561197971140034,Not Recommended,252030,8554379,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Didn't you kill my brother?,"Despite there being seemingly endless potential for this game, and employing so many facets that Metroidvania fans crave, all potential  is destroyed by possibly the worst controls of all time. The dodge move, bafflingly assigned to the down key, works only 50% of the time, failing seemingly when the player needs it most. Combos are sluggish and unresponsive, resulting in frenzied button mashing which only traps your player in a loop that only the temperemental dodge move can interrupt - when it works. Add to this the need to open the magic menu with a combination of both the 'block' and 'skill' buttons (?!), two buttons that it's often easy to mash together accidentally, and combat feels less like a challenge and more like an ordeal.Platforming feels no better. Clambering stiffly up ledges feels unnatural, and actually worsens with the introduction of the wall jump 'ability', seeing your character ricochet blindly between the game's many contrivedly narrow ledges and low ceilings. It all clashes dreadfully with the level design; stages are immaculately presented, but they're a mess of scattered platforms and dull geometry.The worst thing of all? Throughout it all, there glimmers the promise of a truly excellent, open ended Metroidvania which is actually bolstered by tremendous graphics and music. How sad that absolutely none of it can detract from a game that feels less like entertainment and more like effort."
,Not Recommended,252030,8559300,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,AquaKnight,"Good:Graphical styleSkill trees / build diversityFour playable charactersBad:Controls are god awfulCheap tactics are employed by enemies ( infinite hitstun, large hitboxes than sprites imply, etc)Poor map screen (lacking information)No method to re-stat characterOverall score: 6/10.  Unless you get it for $4 or less, I would pass on this game."
76561198032866048,Not Recommended,252030,8574060,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,nagu_al,"Cannot recommend this game as it is. The graphics and art style are gorgeous but the game is slow to reward the player's efforts and some issues with the responsiveness of the controls make for some very frustrating combat and platforming.The game has a non-linear structure with a semi-open world  but no useful map of any kind. No quest markers or indicators of directions or places where you haven't been yet.  Prepare for lots of clueless searching for hidden things, and backtracking. The old-school enemy re-spawn after a screen is re-entered makes for some annoying exploration too: Areas are split into screens (for no good reason in this day and age) If you exit a screen and then change your mind and re-enter it, you have to deal with all the stuff you just killed all over again.Hope to see issues fixed with an update as this could be a fantastic game.PS I have played for over 7 hours, no idea why Steam says its only one!"
76561198027994280,Recommended,252030,20064660,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ismaru,"Didn't expect much of this game, but was pleasantly surprised!Pro'sNice visual art style. It kind of reminded me of a game called ""Maple Story"".A lot more depth to combat than I expected thanks to equipment, stat distribution and talent pointsNice metroidvania feelHigh replayability as there are 4 characters with a very different feel to their gameplayActually pretty challenging bosses and tough platforming challengesConsThere were some items that were limited. For example, there is only 10 Tamahagane that can be found in the game world, but that's not enough to buy all the items. You need to make choices.Apparently you also need to save civilians. I found that out by the end of the first playthrough, so I missed an entire feature of the game the first time around. However this system wasn't very clear to me during the second playthrough either.I hoped the world would have been bigger. There are only 3 ""real"" villages to go to.The storylines of the different characters have different text, but they all quickly connect to the main storyline and from there on it's basically the same (characters do say different things, but they conveniently all end up the same). Only one character had an extended ending scene (but don't expect much of that, it's really not even a minute extra with a few lines and actions)Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,252030,20676286,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Grand Admiral Dr. Tequila™,"Castlevania style exploration, excellent combat, excellent art, varied playable characters with their own awesome fighting style.. too much to love in a single review.BUYTHISGAMEBUYTHISGAMEBUYTHISGAMEBUYTHISGAMEThe fights are hard, really hard.. some of the bosses kicked the hell out of me more times than I care to admit.. and I loved every second of it.After a boss fight you get graded on time, health remaining and who punched who in the face more.The puzzles are interesting and quite often very rewarding.The biggest issue with this game however.. is that there isn't a sequel.. Where the hell is my sequel?? D:< I WANT MORE DAMN IT."
,Not Recommended,252030,18492624,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Undead Rufus,"Good:+ Environment art.+ Interesting lore.+ Beautiful music.+ Simple but effective skill trees.+ Sometimes the fun outshines the annoyance.+ Seems fairly bug-free.Bad:- Wonky movement, sometimes made worse by icy areas that make your character slide. More universally, jumping doesn't seem very ""precise,"" which is consistently annoying. I don't know if detection boxes are aligned strangely relative to the artwork or what, but this was a complaint of mine when I first got into the game a year or two back. It hasn't changed.- Only two characters, with two others locked until you finish the game. All of them are pasty anime kids (with possible exception to the locked half-dragon lady). In three hours of gameplay, the only customization I've noticed is in some hard-to-find gear that isn't reflected visually on the characters, and the skill trees.- Irritating boss fights that don't get any better on Normal.- The story (up to the point I've reached) isn't very strong, and the dialogue fails to pick up the slack with character development. This all adds up to me having no incentive to slog onward.I've tried ""Valdis Story: Abyssal City"" twice, with a long break in between, and there's just something off about the mechanics. Perhaps my lack of passion for hardcore platforming is part of the problem here, but I've nonetheless thoroughly enjoyed some other side-scrolling titles with much less going for them (""Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams"" comes to mind, which I expected to hate but wound up loving).Not worth $14.99. Arguably not worth $4.99. Definitely not worth any more of my time."
,Not Recommended,252030,18998950,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lorallei,"If you want to play a GOOD Metroidvania, Go get Axiom Verge instead. The jumping mechanics in the game are god awful, the combat tries to be deep but boils down to attack till they block, dash behind, then attack again. The boss fights are lack luster and only serve to infuriate you will the never ending adds. It never tells you exactly where to go, or what items yo need to get there, and even basic things like double jump are placed in unintuative areas.You'd expect a big deal like double jump to be a reward from a boss fight. Well actually you get it from a shop and can completely miss it (Whish makes parts of the game frustrating, but doable after you google the obtuse mechanic to do it). The game never explains what half of the mechanics are, ie, What is ""Armor Ruin""? Is that how much armor you ignore, or is it how easily you can break an enemies armor?The only saving grace of this trainwreck is the art, but even that seems reminiscent of Dust: An Elysian Tale (Another fantastic Metroidvania). The Six and a half hours I've spent on this frustrating peice of indie game are not worth the price I paid, which was 14.99. Unless you are desperate to play a metroidvania, or desperate to support an indie, do yourself a favor and give this a pass."
76561198026674109,Not Recommended,252030,20313958,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Stout,"Valdis Story let me down as I liked the graphics, animation and the genre of the game though found the end result somewhat distasteful.  The combat initially was appealing, but quickly became more laborious than fun.  Attacking seemed fulfilling and fun until you play for a while and are faced with enemies that repeatedly block your attacks or stun-lock you.  These can be worked through so it is not that it is hard, it is that the game slows down drastically and stops being fun.  Combine this with constantly getting knocked off ledges and you find yourself wondering if your time could be better spent elsewhere.  I was hoping for something more akin to a Castlevania game where you are quickly moving through enemies and anxiously exploring up until a challenging boss showdown.  Valdis did not have that same feel and was overlayed with a disjointed story that fails to grab your attention.  Additonally there were more platforming elements than necessary in an action RPG, which immediatley turned me off.  There was potential here, but it ultimately disappoints."
,Not Recommended,252030,24711463,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DeLuman,"A very good game I can't recomend because it has too many small flaws that add up to too much major frustration.  There is no world map, which is very necissary.  There is nothing to remind you where you were supposed to go for your next objective if you come back after a break (it will tell you what to get but not where to go to get it).  Little explanation about what items you can get in the game what they actual do or what they're for or how valuable they are.  The spell system is awful, essentailly having 24 different spells 20 of which you will never use.  UNTIL the end boss fight where you suddenly need to use them. Great design right  there.This game should be good, it has good pixel graphics, it has a fun combat system, interesting lore and characters but it chooses to be challeneging instead of fun.  Bosses are more often frustrating than interesting.  And by the time you learn the basics of the combat (that are necissary for it be fun) you're already half way through the game.  By the time you really think about how you need to build your character it's already the end of the game.I'm sure this game has some major appeal with hardcore fans, but for a general player, it needs some work.  I know this isn't only me, you will notice only ~10% of people have completed the game.  If you buy this be prepared to be the 90% unless you're a hardcore platforming/adventure/fighting game fan."
76561198004976161,Not Recommended,252030,24547944,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,norporphyria,"Expected more from this game coming off of Hyper Light Drifter (got it as a recommendation)...  should have watched the vids, game is super thin.  Semi-fun to play, but mega  meh."
76561197960856933,Recommended,252030,9706886,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Stoyrm,Definitely worth the money. Good metroidvania style game that's hard to beat and with beautiful graphics and music. Probably one of the best 2D games i've ever played and something i'd reccommend to anyone who enjoys 2D platformer games with a touch of RPGs.
76561198044872836,Recommended,252030,8211157,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,awsomemandf,Really fun game. if u want a metroidvania to play casually i suggest this one
,Recommended,252030,18232648,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Da Killah Genius,"Classic & EpicI hope they make a sequel to this game, 10 out of 10"
76561198007039560,Recommended,252030,30175043,Posted: 25 February,all,AzurePhoenix,Amazing metroidvania game. I wish they'd make another game like this to explore more of the game's wonderful lore.
76561198047091705,Recommended,252030,14635597,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,"Ай-ай-ай-ай-ай, что сейчас произ",Best soundtrack in a game ever.
76561198070076827,Recommended,252030,12695752,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Oblivion,"****One of the ONLY games around that does actual SKILL based difficulty.  Choosing your difficulty at the start doesn't just give the enemies you face more HP and damage, they gain entirely new skill sets and abilities to challenge you.****Some of the most fun I've had in a video game in quite some time.  The bosses in Valdis Story are incredibly well put together.  The fights are hard, but structured in such a way that you can learn from your mistakes, and improve your play over time.  As a result, it is immensely satisfying when you finally take down that boss with an S rating. This is a very skill-based metroidvania RPG with some  impactful character customization, an interesting story, and amazingly fluid combat.Oh did i mention the music? Some of the best video game music I have had the pleasure to put my ears to.***Using a controller over a keyboard will vastly improve your experience with this game***Edit for the update: The new update brings 2 new playable characters and a slew of new things to explore and bosses to fight in the world.  Quality update for sure."
,Recommended,252030,18963646,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ekam,"Metrovania is a genre hard to do not many developers can do a good game of this kindFor me this is one of the good onesPros+Nice gameplay, the response of the characters is quite niceThey grabbed a kind of story that is used a lot, and managed to make it goodThe improvements for the armor and the weapons are niceThe level of difficulty can be a thing for many but the character can deal with what is askedIt can get complex, when you're improving your characterCons-The many updates... what?, yes... this game requires you to have your character tought in an early stage of the game to have it propperly maxed, if new stuff is being trown within this calculus your character will be weaker because of the update, you may even have to restart the game to fix it, however if you're buying it now, they may be already finished with thatSince the main character is Reina, the other characters give you the feeling that you're playing with an extra, when the story is endingNeutral°The soundtrack is average in general, only the ex-boss and the final boss themes can be listened witouth the gameThe game will have a second part at least, so the game doesnt conclude, but when its released it will  be very nice"
,Recommended,252030,13076769,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,The Great Saiyaman,"Platformer/Brawler with an awsewome battle system, great soundtrack and beautiful visiuals. Even the story is good. Not the best, but still good. In addition to that, it has some Zelda like gameplay elements, where you get new items from bosses with which you can reach places in old regions you couldn't get to at first.You choose from two different characters and then start to fight your way through the hordes of demons and angels to find a way out from the bottom of the sea. Killing enemies rewards you with XP (to level your character up) and sometimes materials that you can trade for items like armors, accessoirs and new weapons.There are many secrets to find and the different difficulties and the two characters create some kind of replayability.Therefor, the game is kinda short. You can beat it in 3 hours. But your first playthrough will be longer. Maybe 5 or 6 hours. Depending on how good you can handle this kind of games.Pros:- battle system- different characters- many secrets to unlock- visuals and audio- level systemCons:- short- can be very hard"
76561198041577464,Recommended,252030,13043410,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,JimTrivial,Got this game on an impulse buy and I have to say it was a good purchase.  Probably in my top 5.  Controls feel almost perfect and it feels kind of like a fighting game/platformer.overall: 9.5/10
,Recommended,252030,12955251,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,King Vegeta,Very good Metroidvania game.  Get it if it's on sale.
76561198045180216,Recommended,252030,19852498,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The SOul,"Really good Metroidvania with a nice gameplay, lots of build possibilities from all 4 characters which have completely different gameplay experience.This game soundtrack is really good, a fine game for both hardcore speedrunners to standard Metroidvania amateurs !"
,Recommended,252030,11434268,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Agent9,Vaery fun metrodevian style game with wonderful graphics and a story that's good all around. what more can you ask for.
,Recommended,252030,8634257,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dochand,"Valdis Story is a Metroidvania style game focusing on a war between an Army of Demons and an Army of Angels. The visuals are impressive for a kickstarter game that raised less than $50,000. The combat is combo based and fun, while the leveling trees are very mmo inspired. The map feels large and takes some time to get your bearings and over the course of the game you are given new spells and items that help you explore it more thoroughly. It is not currently complete as of writing this, two characters have yet to be implimented and there are bugs here and there but from my experience they are minor. In my opinion, it is an enjoyable game though one that will require multiple playthroughs to get the best endings."
76561197977648717,Recommended,252030,7563168,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,AR-870,"Simply an amazing game.  If you were a fan of Castlevania, or metroid, mega man, or  Illusions of Gaia, then you must get this game.  Great music, great gameplay/combat.  Story is interesting and the customization of the 4 different playable characters (which is great replay value) is what ever rpg fan could expect.  Side scrolling action combat, RPG leveling for your character, story, music.  These are all great, what more could you want from a game, especially for only $15.  If you're gonna wait for it to go on sale, fine but make sure you get it.  You'll only regret not getting this game."
76561197970408960,Not Recommended,252030,9798419,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,TheAquaticApe,"For everything this this game does right it does just as much wrong. I like Valdis Story, but I also really dislike it too. The art is great, the comabt can be fun, and it gives you a great amount of content for the money. However, all these things are held back by difficult spikes, a somewhat serviceable map/objective system, and some of the most incosotent bosses I've ever faced. It's a good game, but very tough to recommend."
76561197995602640,Recommended,252030,22973939,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,sabith,Great Metroidvania game. 8.5/10.
76561198109438829,Recommended,252030,18564506,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Little T-Rex,"Great art, beautiful music, good controls. Awesome game!"
76561198142259772,Recommended,252030,20743667,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,R3DW0LF,This game reminds me of a more advanced Castlevania Aria of Sorrow or Symphony of the Night. It's beautifully drawn and now on my all time favorites list. I highly recommend this game if you like Castlevania style games.
,Recommended,252030,20777518,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Skrunklemin,"A fantastic metroidvania game that scratches the itch with just enough familiar elements, but with an identity of its own."
,Recommended,252030,21285945,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,EvilMath,Amazing game. More intense than a circus.
,Recommended,252030,16880673,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sorin,"I've never written a review for a game, but decided to for this game. 10/10 would review again."
76561198170975031,Recommended,252030,19272232,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,duhkha0,The best game of 2013 that I discovered in 2015. Possibly the best metroidvania title that I have had the pleasure to explore. The best combat in any 2D platformer - and by far better and more engaging than in the vast majority of contemporary action games. Valdis Story deserves way more attention than it has received.
76561198009278251,Recommended,252030,20780376,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TRevrockrock,"YES!!This is what it's about.  Friggin sweet swordplay, dashing, magic, poofy hair and a bad attitude.  This game rocks the block!I like the blocking, parry he is stunned, do a 5 hit combo, knocks him into oblivion in a colorful fireworks of glory, I get a bunch of points and an item.  Sweet.The story is good, if not just a reason to go to different areas.  There is an addicting upgrade system, hard bosses, new weapons, combos, etc. etc. etc.  This game is very good.I don't like getting more reward for killing a boss more effeciently.  (How the HELL do you spell that?) I mean the difference between a bad fight and a perfect one is like an HOUR OF GRINDING!!  It's stupidly huge.  Which makes you die on purpose if your fight was 'meh', so you can do it over again.  Not impressed with that.Haven't played the other games and haven't beat this one, but it sure caught my attention."
,Not Recommended,252030,16585934,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,waffles,"Don't be fooled by the hours I have played this game. It's just pretty much me just looking at the manual trying to make sense of how the game mechanics work, that and also forgetting that the game is open in the first place.First of all, yes beginner tutorial for this game is very 'light'. As in, they only pop-up at the beginning ONCE and never again to be seen anywhere. Not to mention the fact that they barely even any explanation that exist in-game about how the skills works in this game. If you want to learn about the mechanics, then google the .PDF manual for this game. Yes, it is that saddening. In this day and age where game manuals are not used anymore, especially the fact, that it should not be usable for a game that only exist as a digital download.Second, the fighting techniques are not satisfying at all. I find that fighting the mobs and bosses, was just a very 'meh' experience. The usual jump, dodge, then basic attacks (barely ever need to use the skills, or maybe that is just me, cause for the life of me, they seem useless and doesn't make sense despite the manual's explanation) is not exactly fun. Compare this game to other platform games like 'Guacamele' this is just ""Eh, not worth it,"" in my honest opinion.Third, the one that annoys me the most about this game is the map system. It's useless, I don't even freaking know where I was at, and where I am supposed to be in the first place. I just end up going around maps, back and forth without any indication where I am supposed to be heading for. The mainly reason why this game is lost on me.Overall, I really, really wanted to like this game. But I just can't. Quite frankly, I am annoyed I spent money on it. It's a very visually appealing game that comes with a great soundtrack, but the game mechanics are making the experience not fun. I'll probably try to play the game more and more in the future because I truly want to like the game, but at the moment, I just had enough of the game's bad mechanics. It's not fun, it's annoying and confusing."
76561198044735878,Recommended,252030,20155217,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Crythulm,I turned on the game to test the steam streaming feature and 3 hours later noticed that I hadn't stopped playing the game. Its combat is a ton of fun and its got enough direction that you wont feel lost to be combing around looking for keys or bosses. You wont be bored to look around and it has a great deal of customization for weapons armor magic ect. You can completely change your play style several times over on just one play through. bottom line play this game and you wont be disappointed unless you don't have hands or are blind.
76561198001239763,Not Recommended,252030,17000103,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,seedstorm,"Controls are unplayably clunky, sticking between contexts. Be prepared to spend a lot of time anticipating when blocking animations will end so that control of the avatar is returned to you."
76561198024966543,Recommended,252030,20407664,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,tehwerr,"as was mentoned in other reveiws this game is a metroidvania in the truest sense, and it is difficult. I don't mind the difficulty of the fighting because it is very rewarding. however one thing that I would like to mention is the EVERY room in the game has a puzzle where you hit a switch and have a time limit to get through the door. some of these ""puzzles"" are frame perfect and you will find your self rolling into the newly closed door over, and over, and over agian. other than that the game is great! you have been warned and have fun!"
,Recommended,252030,20437588,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Frostilyte,Valdis Story is one of the best Metroid-Vania games I've played and one of the best games I played last year. Valdis' biggest strength is it's combo based fighting. It's quite fluid and once you get the hang of it the game becomes quite fun to play. Enemy and boss encounters don't feel routine and that helped a lot with keeping me engaged in the game. Valdis also has back tracking to find additional hidden goodies once you unlock certain skills that help to aid in your exploration. If that isn't enough for you there is also 4 different characters to play as with unique weapons that all play differently. All in all I quite liked Valdis Story and I would highly recommend it to fans of Metroid-Vania games.Word of warning: you will probably want a gamepad for this game. The game is also quite difficult.
,Not Recommended,252030,17430691,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Duplicity,"As a lover of other Metroidvanias, this game frustrates me to no end. I'll try to sum up my complaints in a manner that is meaningful to those looking into this game.First of all, I feel like a distinction needs to be made. This game is not a Metroidvania at heart. At heart, it is an action RPG with (minimal) exploration elements. Valdis Story's focus is on combat, and that's fine because combat is one of the things that it does quite well. The problem is everything else feels like it is tacked on. It feels like the combat system was developed first and then the rest of the game was developed around it.The map, for a metroidvania game, is awful. It is always scoped in on the area that you are in and there is no way to see any of the other areas you have been to or how they even connect. I would even be willing to forgive that, were it that the map actually showed anything useful at all. It is only comprised of boxes that represent the rooms of the area and the entrances and exits of each. It doesn't show anything else useful, like treasures you missed, or locked doors, or anything along those lines. Some of the rooms are color-coded, but there is no key, so the player has to try and figure out what color means what - the only thing I worked out was that green rooms were save rooms. The map leaves much to be desired.The platforming controls are terrible. The combat controls are good, but the platforming controls are bad. The jump feels really stiff and floaty and the wall grabs and wall jumps take a lot of time to get used to. This really wouldn't be a huge deal, but the game likes to throw platforming sequences at you where you need to be precise. I also don't see why the developer decided to throw some of the later abilities - double jump, an ability to make a platform to reach tall spaces - into the spells category, so every time you need to use them you have to mess with your spells and make sure you have enough MP.The boss fights are the thing that kept me coming back, because some of them are fairly interesting, but they get cheaper as the game goes on. You should pretty much expect to get completely wrecked by never-ending stunlock combos the first few times you try a boss, because you have no invincibility frames upon getting hit. I think the developer intended for the player to use the cancel you are given to dash out of these situations, but there are times when that is impossible - try it in big attacks and you will simply waste a cancel while still being caught in the move. If you try to dodge one of the many enemies placed on the edges, you'll end up slamming down into the pit that you were trying to clear. Not to mention, if you don't get a good grade on the boss fight, you miss out on stats for your character - why they thought this was a good design decision, I have no idea. It only benefits those good or lucky enough to attain those grades and further punishes players who are struggling.Most of the collectibles feel pretty worthless, because they are either crafting materials that only feel important when you want to make something and don't have enough, or sets of armor or accessories that aren't as good as what you have because they don't fit your build or playstyle. There are health and mana upgrades, but they are mixed in with the rest of the lackluster collectibles.The story feels really contrived and generic, and there just wasn't enough there to make me care about who I was playing, or why.If you're looking for a game with decent combat and a cool cancel mechanic, I'd recommend picking this up. But if you're looking for a true Metroidvania, I'd at least look a little harder before buying it."
76561198208753211,Recommended,252030,26242237,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GnosisMollusk,"I've played some excellent Metroidvanias, and some devent side-scrolling RPGs, but I keep coming back to this one."
,Recommended,252030,9856827,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,DivineJudgement,Absolutely astonishing game. Totally recommended.
76561197995216525,Recommended,252030,9914133,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Ionio,Super duper good game. Probably best old style side scroller on steam.
76561198044487668,Recommended,252030,33425646,Posted: 10 July,all,what happened to studying,Fun game
76561198018906881,Not Recommended,252030,18120181,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ben7k,"The good:Graphic style and animations are good.  Boss fights are good with the exception of..The bad:No warning when you enter a boss area, and then you are pretty much stuck until you beat it or lose your progress.  Never been a fan of crafting or collection activities, so if you do like this sort of thing, then you can disregard.The fustrating:The amount of hit a switch and run to a now open door timed events that barely give you enough time to be successful causing you to have to repeat them over and over.    Controls feel delayed, there are harsh recovery times after you perform an action that will constantly having you take more hits then you should. Jumping is a pain since you constantly grab onto ledges you don't want to, you will often do a mario style ground stomp by accident and fall for miles, and the inconsistancy when you want to grab on a wall and jump off of it and your guy simply refuses to do it half the time.  Most enemies block, which can prolong what should be a simple smack it and move on fight into a 10 second ordeal for just 1 enemy; this is increased 10 fold when you are in cramped corners and can't get around said enemy and all it does it block, you have to just wait and wait until it moves.  Spell casting using the D-pad, and each direction doing a different spell (i would MUCH rather have spell slots that you can equip to it's own button).  You will constantly be casting the wrong spell when under pressure."
76561198028541673,Recommended,252030,30104298,Posted: 22 February,all,Aniron,"Good Story and very very beautiful soundtrack.Easy to learn but hard to master combat system. Fight better for better rewards.Boss battles and the game feature a high replayability.(Different chars with different endings and playstyles)The overall map and level design is ""metroidvania""-style. Which i liked very much.One does not simply play this game just one time."
76561197998437625,Recommended,252030,30156064,Posted: 24 February,all,heavypuma,Amazing game. Top of the metroidvania pile. Apparently it had some control issues at launch but these were fixed long before I picked it up.
76561198097697516,Recommended,252030,8907199,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,v1keka,"If you enjoy metroidvania games, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,252030,8479045,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Like to die,"Its a great little Metroidvania/Beat em up. Great graphics, runs smoothly, fun little level up system, story is nothing flash and soundtrack is a bit meh.8/10 would buy again"
76561198059919166,Recommended,252030,24225937,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,เด่นดี,10/10 hard like hell
76561197969280883,Recommended,252030,24295193,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Argarion,Pure metroidvania awesome.
76561197960405453,Recommended,252030,12445120,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vise,A good metroidvania game.
76561198006576714,Recommended,252030,8191698,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ludivedo,"I am already in love with this game and I've only played a little over an hour of it. A 2-D side scrolling action rpg with an awesome cast of characters, the enemies are amazing and very unique. A game everyone should check out :)"
76561197989800589,Recommended,252030,7610041,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,ᴚᴈᴠᴣᴙᴤᴇ,"une putin de boulette ,ouais gros !!mais dur a souhait et les boss sont massifs !!cours l'acheter quoi,mais vazy que fait tu la encore"
76561198009554412,Recommended,252030,7977634,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Zonedout,"Best Game Ive played in a long time, controls take some getting used to, the boss battles are epic. This game is goregeous and challenging, you get the freedom to level up your characters and mold them to what you see fit. If you like SOTN get this game now."
76561198027448793,Recommended,252030,8492129,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,westtrot,Awesome game! Must buy for metroidvania fans.
76561198069230581,Recommended,252030,8063864,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,EnoEmperor,"Pretty good side scroll game.  the knock backs can drive you a little crazy but the play is pretty solid.  Also DAT SOUNDTRACK! The boss music gets you pumped, while the music in the town gives you a feeling of "" yes, i made it"".  It takes a minute or two to figure out the boss fight patterns so you cant just try to bully your way by standing there slashing you gotta move!  Overall i enjoyed my time with this game, and will likely replay it with the other available characters."
76561198003290325,Recommended,252030,8195639,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MrSpiffypants,"(impressions after the first hour)Wow, very cool game here.  The controls (keyboard) seem a little convoluted at first, and the game really doesn't take the time to explain every detail before dropping you into this very foreign chibi world... but this game is good!  Once you get the hang of it you start to pull off these really complex moves with just a few taps of the keyboard.  What makes this amazing is this is NOT button mashing.  I am in control of every move I make, and if the first boss is any indication you'll need these moves to win.  I feel like this game is the love child of Chrono Trigger and Street Fighter 2.  Very impressed.4.5/5 - a tutorial would have make this game perfect but it's definatly worth the $8.99 I spent."
76561198034168039,Recommended,252030,8199230,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,slyaxis,game reminds me of the megaman x games in the way it play
76561198002759283,Recommended,252030,12423158,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,HortyStorm,"Really cool game. I would strongly recommend that you play this game with a gamepad. Best experience imo.Combos are easy, yet extremely fun to pull off and it has a very satisfying combat system.The game handles its challenges in a good way. Definetily worth the purchase!"
76561198041948741,Recommended,252030,13203925,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,philipdisarro,"Great game, beautiful art, engaging combat. Don't let the slow start push you away from it as it serves good purpose, during this period the story and plot is structured making for more emerseful gameplay. The boss fights in this game are nothing less than perfection. The intelectual puzzles are frustrating(as they should be), but satisfying, and the music and game art are out of this world. If you have yet to purchase this game I highly reccommend you do so."
76561197975161360,Recommended,252030,7959382,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ian,"This game is amazing, esp. for the price.  It plays like a old school metroidvania, which i really dig, and the combat is fluid and smooth.  Some may complain about the platforming, and while it is a little jagid at first, after the 1st playthrough and getting the systems down, its actually pretty easy.  One thing to note though however, start with wyatt, i started with reina and ended up really dis liking the game with her, mainly due to not really getting the systems till the 2nd time through, they dont call her a advanced class for nothing."
76561198007273375,Recommended,252030,7989478,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,JaySmo0th,Pretty dope♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198048228322,Recommended,252030,8223899,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Satan,Highly recommended. Metroidvania in the better ways.
76561197972868533,Recommended,252030,8237730,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,EtherEve,"So I'm a few hours into this game and so far I can't recommend it enough to anyone who likes metroidvania style games and/or old school 2d brawlers. The enemies and especially the boss fights require increasing levels of strategy and pattern learning. Currently I'm playing through on Normal for my first time and I've felt challenged but never hair-tearingly overwhelmed. The gameplay itself feels like a sort of hybrid between Megaman (think the SNES Mega Man X and the later GBA Mega Man Zero titles) and Castlevania. The graphics are incredibly charming, and the music is top-notch, again hearkening to Castlevania in terms of the musical style. All in all, first impression: Well worth picking up."
76561198005309288,Recommended,252030,12002734,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Collateral,Fantastic game.  If you like Dark Souls and Castlevania: SotN this game is probably something you would really enjoy.  A game that never got quite enough press.
,Recommended,252030,11819531,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Dr.Texas,"I really love this game, definetely on of the best side scrolling platformer/brawler I've played.From a technical standpoint the game has an amazing esthetic, truly beautiful and unique levels and a great soundtrack you can even listen to outside of the game. Enemys and bosses look great too, and there are a lot of effects put into every attack.The Story is to the most part interesting, it's a really cool setting, and there is a lot lore if you want to read it, otherwise you don't have to.Gameplay wise it offers a lot of diversity, from different weapons, enemy tactics, and lots of magic spells, for attacking enemys or platforming. I especially liked the leveling system, with many skills that will give your character a different looking effect.You can really put a lot of time into perfecting you fighting skills, but after about 15 hours you should reach the level cap of your character. But fear not, you can still upgrade your character with equipment and gain skill points in other ways, so it's allways usefull killing enemys.Apart from that there are 4 different characters to play, which are all worth checking out. There is also a lot of replayability in raising the difficulty, even though I admit I couldn't do with the hardest one, getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked really often.So you can really put a lot of hours into the game if you like, or just play through once in 15-20 hours. (At least that's how long I took, and I really took my time.)So I can only recommend the game, even if you aren't into side scrollers, you could really enjoy this."
,Recommended,252030,11870352,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Trance,"Great sidescrolling platform hack-n-slash with colourful scenery and very fluid combo system that allows the player a great balance between challenge and creativity in your own part, awesome soundtrack and pretty decent characters and story telling, all this in a single package, a must play for all those who likes 2d castlevania-like games."
,Recommended,252030,7991121,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Muscle Moose,"Beat it after 28 or so hours of playing. Such a fantastic game. Didn't get a 100% run on Hard mode, but hoping to do so on Veteran Slayer mode, with a completely different character, which has completely different gameplay. This is to say this game has incredibly good replay value. What a great story, what great immersion, what a great feeling of progress as you go on through the game. If you can spare the $15, you won't be disappointed :).EDIT: Over a year since release and the EndlessFluff are still working on fulfilling their promises of new characters with completely unique playstyles. Vladyn is in the works, so be ready."
76561197997833839,Recommended,252030,8469216,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zetroc,I highly reccomend this game the controls with the controller can be a little wonky at times when wall jumping but other then that this game has really kept my attention I think its one of those hidden gem games of 2013.Highly reccomended I give it a 8/10
76561198041995956,Recommended,252030,9201448,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,bahamut66,"This is a game I hope more people try, because it is a love letter to Metroidvania fans.  Valids the Abyssal city is very much a Metroidvania clone, with a 2-d world that is large and sprawling, but with many areas locked off until you get the necessary key or ability to get past them.  The story is fairly good for what it is.  It focuses on a conflict between angels and demons where neither is truly good, both are corrupt, and humans are caught in the crossfire.  In an underwater city that they are warring in, you must defeat both sides and find your way out.  The characters are pretty cool and it is engrossing.The combat is pretty unique.  It focuses on a combo system mixing light and heavy attacks, almost like a fighter, however you can use spells, special abilities, and support characters to shake things up.  Also, the more hits or special ways you fight enemies, the more experience you get, as your consecutive hits or fighting styles give bonuses.What I absolutely love about this game is the replayability.  Four characters are planned, but only two are unlocked.  That being said, each character plays differently and interacts with the world differently.  Wyatt fights with a sword, but can also unlock daggers and a bow, or twin swords, or even fight with his fists, each being upgradeable with different abilities.  Reina uses her fists to start, but can use dark totems, a quarter staff, or a gigantic mace later on.  They both play differently and have different spells, offering a truly unique playthrough for each character.Some problems with the game are that to upgrade items, you sometimes have to grind against enemies to drop the necessary components for upgrading them.  There are also sections that seem to be awaiting an update, like the two other characters we can't play as yet.  And some of the items you can buy are near impossible to get because the items they want in trade, this game uses a barter system, are so rare.That said, Valdis Story is well worth the price.  The graphics are quite nice, the combat is fluid and fun, it is challenging, but not frustrating, and offers a large amount of replayability.  A sequel has been teased in the end credits and I dearly hope we get it.  This game is just fun.  It's not revolutionary, but it is a blast to play."
76561197991986302,Recommended,252030,30928519,Posted: 3 April,all,BlackKiwi,Awesome Game!
76561198132215655,Recommended,252030,26512380,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,hadokenstyle,"One of the best, if not the best, Metroidvania games I've played on Steam. Great level-building system and RPG elements and a fluid combat system combined with vibrant art-style and a multi-layered world. The game perhaps plays like a mixture of Castlevania SOTN, Dark Souls, and Maple Story. It lends itself to many viable approaches and builds and the battle mechanics are perhaps the deepest I have ever seen in a Metroidvania-style game. Would second other reviews on boss and enemy animations needing better cues for their attacks."
,Recommended,252030,26468725,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"Anime metroidvania, pretty nice.Will keep you busy for a while."
,Recommended,252030,26612325,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Небо цвета неба,Wonderful!WONDERFUL!
,Recommended,252030,20075085,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Z E E R U S,I love this game its gud!
,Recommended,252030,7526267,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,JoeShmo,"Symphony of the Night meets Devil May Cry. One of the best metroidvania 'genre' games ive played.It pulls at all the good aspects of recent Castlevania games that are expected and loved:RPG progression via level ups, new/better abilities, aquiring new spells, better gear, item drop hunting, etc. It also has a nice variety of scenes, ranging from the typical gothic castle to lush poison filled gardens, to dank unstable caves.Explore the areas in semi linear semi plot breaking segment jumping; allowing you to branch off and do other parts of the game early, or in different order if you feel brave and clever.Good ol backtracking; going back to previous areas to find those hard to reach goodies and secrets. The whole story and design is done well enough that it doesnt seem ""too tedious"" to go back through previous areas to get to the next link in the plot, or to treasure hunt.The music is superb; ranging from enriching piano/organ symphony, to some more upbeat / urgent sounds that remind you more of a megaman/metroid platformer stage.The written parts of the story are well done, and it iven has a nice 'lore' section later in the game that further unlocks entries as you progress, giving you great backstory and even loot drop details of enemies. Some parts seem a little ""Im just standing here for the heck of it"" plot thin..... but the overall arch keeps you interested in whats happening next.A very engaging story of events that make sense, rather than a ""generic enemy villians vs you"" story, without being overly dramatic or complicated.Its a game that gives you all the basics you need for a great rpg / action platformer , without trying to add 'interesting new game mechanics' for the sake of trying to be different in the crowd. It knows what it wants to be, and it sticks with it.A must have for Castlevania fans, and the like."
76561197967626349,Recommended,252030,26524311,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,daMo,"I enjoyed it, you can play it over again and again with new styles from characters to weapons. pick it up if you like metrovidvania type games for sure or if you want to try a good one.4 out of 5"
,Not Recommended,252030,14268463,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Paiguy,"Do you enjoy frustration? Boy do I have the game for you! I got this game quite a while back in a sale, and finally got some time to start clearing backlog. I was rather looking forward to this given the screenshots I had seen, and it seemed fun enough at first. Times change.First of all, you get almost zero explanation on anything, yet you are expected to know anyway. You'll be afflicted by status ailments whose effect you will not know, you will require upgraded gear that you are never prompted to make, you will have to run all over creation to revisit old places, and you will be stunlocked to hell if you get hit at an inopportune moment.I had some problems with early bosses, but I was still figuring out mechanics and controls so no biggie, yeah? Other bosses were even quite fun. You'll find a few eventually though that will just be brick walls. I would slam my head against them for an hour and barely squeak past. I finally struggle my way to the final boss, who I discover to be the most awful of the lot. After coming close to actually physically slamming my face on the desk I decide to see if I can find any help online, only to discover almost all the tips out there suggest specific talent and stat builds or items which, ding ding ding, are very poorly explained in-game or likely not at all. It was here that I finally decided to give up because the last save point I was given was before another boss who I really didn't want to deal with a second time.Alright so you might want to go beyond my limit and tough it out, right? All the enemies in the game scale with your level, making all that backtracking you're going to have to do to find those items a right pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The ""fast travel"" system (if you can even call it that) is almost hilariously limited so you'll be trekking around the entire map for hours to get all the stuff you want. The terrain is incredibly annoying to traverse after the first time, in part due to having to swap out your magic spells that are required for it, which may not be the ones you want in combat.I'm not usually one to back off from a challenge, and the difficulty here is actually manageable (if perhaps mislabeled on the select screen). But this combined with plethora of poor design decisions and pure irritation so many other facets of the game can cause just make it not worth the time."
,Not Recommended,252030,8520177,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pyromanta || AE,"A good effort at a side-scrolling action RPG but suffers from some critical issues. Combat is meaty but limited and often you get rushed with no chance of attacking until half your health is gone. The platforming is floaty and weak at times, which leads to incredibly frustrating battles as maqny enemies (and even some bosses) can knock you out of the sky with a single hit. There's a weightlessness to everything that makes Valdis Story hard to love and sometimes a chore to play. If you want a retro-style game experience, complete with clunky controls and often unfair failures, I'd say give it a go. If not, be prepared to take a lot of hits and deaths that don't feel like your fault."
,Recommended,252030,32035275,Posted: 28 May,all,superhappy,"A pretty good, but ultimately flawed game. The castleroid part of it is very well-designed, with a concise 2d world full of items to help you get from here to there, as well as plenty of interesting enemies to fights and NPCs to talk to.Its ultimate flaw? For as well-done as the explorative part of the game is, the developers way undersold it, choosing to place too much emphasis on the rather abstruse combat/combo system, wherein the player is punished severely for not learning the mechanics well enough to do everything just right. And I get that not all games have to be accessible to casual players; but there was no reason this one didn't have to be.You can see it in the achievements, where very little of them reward exploration and virtually all require HARD mode and S ranks. They care only about the hardcore players. But with just a few tweaks, the game could have been accessible to so many more people. Would there have been anything wrong with that?I dunno... it is overall a decent game, but disappointing. It kinda falls into the standard indie game habit of absolutely needing to be punishing like an old NES game, when that sort of thing just isn't as appropriate for a Metroidvania as it is for a puzzle platformer.I can't not recommend it; it still plays well and the art is gorgeous. Everything up until the insane final boss is manageable, but the final battle can very well be impossible if you didn't make the right choices... which says all, really."
,Not Recommended,252030,8746746,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Bires,"MetroidVania with a heavy dose of MegaMan Platformers.  (Forgive me Lord, for I have tossed many profanities at this game.)The platforming is very frustrating but if you're into that, great.Is it fun?  Yes.  Is it hard?  YES!Bottom line: It so wants to be a Japanese platformer that it even has a ""You-killed-the-final-boss-NO-YOU-DIDN'T"" boss.  Best part?  He's rediculously tough and takes FOREVER to fight.  Can't devote two hours to the final bossES fight?  Don't bother.  After 90mins I quit trying.  Uninstalled."
76561198042923366,Not Recommended,252030,8500036,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,byungsa,"It's a game that had great potentional but has a serious short coming.  The ""puzzles"" are way to complicated and require almost perfect timing.  I would assume the gaming industry would figure this isn't the old school NES where they can add better challenege and excitement without those annoying puzzle timing concepts.  It's seriously annoying to have to hit a button on one side of the screen and try to race to the other side before the door closes.  Really?Besides that the game seems to be perfect but adding in those ridiculous ""puzzles"" kills the whole gameplay and makes me not want to play after the 15 attempts to trying to get to the door before the timer runs out.Hopefully they fix it because it really has taken the fun out of the game."
76561198031325782,Not Recommended,252030,33709113,Posted: 21 July,all,COLE THE DIABOLICAL,"Fun game, but the controls are so annoyingly sloppy it becomes too much of a nuisance to play."
76561198038020338,Not Recommended,252030,8499621,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Neldy09,"I'm very excited for this game, but there seems to be some kind of visual issues with its current version. A bunch of random icon art is showing up instead of the opening screen, and then -- after some button pressing -- I see a pretty clear character selection menue followed by a black screen and sounds of water crashing upon the shore (the audio seems to be fine). I assumed there was some sort of error with the first download attempt and tried a second time to the same result. I'll come back in a little while and see if it works then, but in its current state I cannot recomend the purchase.I just recently (1/13/15) re-installed this game, and it now works wonderfully. Will write a more comprehensive review when i've beaten it."
,Not Recommended,252030,8534775,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,sugary,meh.
76561198038170722,Not Recommended,252030,25807873,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Acubens,"Want to get maximum stats?Bonus stats come from how well you do at boss killing. Take two hits, play leisurely, and you get less stats from bosses.Be prepared to force-close and retry bosses a dozen of times each, in a slow and tedious process (because the in-game boss retry also counts as FAIL)... until you learn to do the dance to get maximum rank if you are into min-maxing.But yeah. The game has nice 2D graphics and soundtrack, and had everything to be a cool metroidvania.Also, my first negative review similar to this one was deleted for no reason."
,Not Recommended,252030,8822802,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Stea.mPunk Bob,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3P2ewiCcD4wThis game is just plain painful. The platforming is sloppy, the combat is horribly unbalanced, the story is dull, and there's tons of worldbuilding that amounts to nothing.Pretty much everything except the rockin' boss music (played during the trailer) is just AWFUL.It expects a lot out of you in jumping puzzles, but doesn't give you precise enough tools to reliably accomplish it. Your spell choices are quickly handcuffed because your exploration abilities are in specific spell slots. In combat, you can easily get stunlocked by an enemy until death, or run into a case where an enemy declares you can't hurt them.I cannot in any good conscience recommend this game to anyone. Unless it improves IMMENSELY with patches, it's unfinished, broken, and unfun."
,Not Recommended,252030,8615177,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,JMK,"Valdis Story: Abyssal City belongs to that funnily named genre which happens to be a favorite of mine: Metroidvania. The gist of the 2D platforming genre is to relatively freely explore different maps and environments. There are usually many places to explore and as you gain new abilities or improve old ones you gain access to even wider selection of locations to visit. Usually there are enemies on the way and defeating them earns you experience and as you level up your character gets stronger.The visual style is really pleasing in a cartoonish way which I enjoy very much and the movement and combat is, while not necessarily perfect, very serviceable. Your character will occasionally cling to ledge you didn't actually want to cling to or jump away from a ledge when you wanted to cling on it etc., but this isn't a game-breaking issue.What is a game-breaking issue is the way the player is kept pretty much in the dark about the core gameplay. Seriously, there isn't an effective tutorial nor text screen which would, for example, tell you what an ""Automatic Skill Cancel"" does or how much a block chance actually is and whether or not you can block a certain attack or not. See, the combat system is, while interesting and one that offers lots of possibilities, it also a bit of a hazzle to get the hang off. You pretty much have your normal attack, heavy attack, your spell, your seven other spells and your ""shadow power"" from the get-go and you will soon quickly get ""break points"" and ""finishing moves"" and ""assisting characters"" and wait could I actually get a small tutorial here? Please?None of this stuff is explained that well, if at all, and when choosing which skill to upgrade you might not actually know what some of the skills do, for example the previously mentioned ""skill cancel"". What does it exactly cancel? Is it my skill? The enemies skills? When does it do that, on normal attack? Heavy attack? Combo? In ""break mode""? When I block? What are these skills actually, since my characters ""Skills"" are all passive so does it negate opposing passive abilities? Or the spells they are using? I don't even... Also blocking seems to work, but not always. I guess it doesn't work against certain attacks. Or something.Add to this the fact that there is one of the most obtuse elements of the game: scaling monster and boss statistics. That means that the monsters and bosses get stronger by dealing more damage and having more health, but it is a bit unclear why and even on the forums there's speculation. Maybe it's the player characters level? Maybe it's the areas you've visited? Maybe it's the time you've spent? Maybe it's the angle of the moon related to your computer? All I know is that I managed to get myself stuck to a certain boss fight. I couldn't quite beat it, so I went and leveled up three times and tried again. This time, I fared considerably worse! I took more damage and dealt less, it seems. Now as a player I'm unsure what to do, level up more? If the boss gets stronger then I really shouldn't, but then again I can't really be arsed to spend hours upon hours mastering the finicky combat system. Scaling difficulty level in an RPG is inexcusable to me. It makes the whole leveling system redundant and you'd be much better off marketing the game as non-RPG action brawler or something.In conclusion it feels like there was a great game here with great feel and great aesthetics, but something went clearly wrong in the end. Perhaps there wasn't enough playtesting? And by playtesting I mean with real players, not the devs themselves who had SEVEN YEARS to play and test the game hours on end. To them the ridiculous difficulty level might be trivial. To them every ""+1 combo when rage full"", ""skill cancel"" and ""limit break"" is probably mechanically clear. Unfortunately the player is left in the dark wondering what he is doing and what is happening. To me, the game is broken."
,Not Recommended,252030,10741339,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Timbrewolf,+The combat against regular enemies is great.  The soundtrack is great.  It looks great.  It has four playable characters with skilltrees to play with.-The boss fights are bad.  The game is very short.  The platforming is bad.  Right when I started to get into the groove of the game it was over.
,Not Recommended,252030,8590925,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,MyMy,"I was stuck in a first cavern. When I returned - all my progress (level 5 or something) was lost and there was no explicit warning about it. It's year 2014 dammit, you can't just take away stuff from players."
,Not Recommended,252030,8615409,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,schpeltiger,This game is literally riddled with poor design choices.  But here's my favorite: Countdown timer because the area is collapsing + disappearing platforms that only respawn when you leave the area + THE ONLY WAY OUT REQUIRED THOSE PLATFORMS = EXTREMELY POOR DESIGN CHOICE.  Fix your mechanics.
76561197995205615,Not Recommended,252030,11840870,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,LaBlueSkuld,"I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. I did. I tried.But with erratic hit boxes, i-frames that come and go on a whim, zero priority over any enemy, frequent juggling from enemies (But enemies can just get out of any juggle you may achieve by just wanting to), frustrating platforming elements that do not mix with the game's combat engine at all (Several platforms are so small you cannot perform any action that will not throw you off of it), some of the most obnoxious common enemies in any game ever, quest triggers that the game fails to even HINT exist, boss difficulty that swings all over the place, the game quickly went from something charming to something agonizingly infuriating."
,Recommended,252030,7534154,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Paikia,"Just started with this game (been playing for a couple of hours), but so far it looks really cute. Feels like ""Dust: An Elysian Tail""'s little brother - it may not look as good as Dust, it might not be as fancy or as shiny either, but it definitely is fun to play. Also reminds me of Zeliard (a PC game from a couple of decades ago)."
76561198072013052,Not Recommended,252030,8579420,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,michielofthemorning,You are a lvl 0 noob that has to fight lvl 100 bosses that kill you in 1 hit. not my idea of fun.
76561198118496779,Not Recommended,252030,14863904,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,snakejishi,"GREAT:+ Combat+Music+art+RPG elementsBAD:-Story-Leveling System- unbalanced diffic- boring grinding-Too much going backward to collect stuff- no easy travel system- Same enemies over and over- saving system could v been better- jumping and climbing is the worst of all, and the most important- Dashing is pain in the butt- inventroy system is extremly unfriendly-Unfair leveles design- enemies hit you once and you stay stuck in the air getting hit over and overI cant recommend for 15$, this game worth 5$, nothing more except for killing time!!"
76561197988189453,Recommended,252030,7906258,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,{1}sK-Jehuty,Its one of the best games ive played since Bastion ooooh!!!
,Recommended,252030,8467690,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Strange Johnson,"This game blew me away. The amazing music, deep combat system, and replayability of it is great. The bosses are well thought out, and a certain  (possible) 2-for-1 fight later in the game is amazing. Just be sure to spare your enemy when you get the opportunity!"
,Not Recommended,252030,11060527,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,emertonom,"Pros:-Nice graphics-In a Metroidvania style-Different characters actually play differentlyCons:-Very demanding platforming-Very little of the level is shown at a time, further hampering platforming-Unpredictable movement patterns make navigation and combat frustrating-Awkward control setup overcomplicates the demanding combat-Story relies too much on invented words, and is largely discarded after opening cinematicI wanted to like this game, because Metroidvania is an underserved niche on PC, but I really bounced off this title. It's clear they've put a lot of work into the combat mechanics, but they remain pretty baffling and hard to use--dodging, for example, is not a single button press, but requires you to activate ""skill cancel"" (bound by default to ""down""), then press left or right.  ""Skill cancel"" is a function which is intended to let you interrupt various moves, so that you needn't be hit by being stuck in a long animation.  That sounds good in concept, but it has a cooldown, and the main animation that got me stuck in the first place was the ""dodge"" animation, so the cooldown meant I couldn't cancel that animation. ""Dodge"" got me stuck because it would sometimes allow me to pass through enemies and get behind them, which was a critical tactic in tight corridors, but other times (I think it was if they blocked while I was dodging?) it would take me right up to the enemy and then freeze me in place for the rest of the dodge animation.  The interactions with ledges were similarly frustrating--by default, once you get the ability to grab ledges, you'll grab on whenever you can, and you can then climb up, drop down, or spring away in the opposite direction, all with directional presses. Unfortunately, it's very finicky about whether it thinks you can grab a ledge or not, and the height of ""you can jump and grab this, but failed to on this try because you jumped from the wrong point of the slope next to it"" and the height of ""you can't jump and grab this"" differ by only a few pixels, so it's often down to just trying a few times and then giving up.  In a metroidvania, it's important that the distinction between ""you can reach this now"" and ""you can't reach this without additional equipment"" be usually pretty obvious, so you don't waste a lot of time trying to get to things you can't possibly reach, and that's very much not the case here.  It's also fairly common to run across a boss fight as rather a surprise, and if you die during the fight, your only options are to retry the boss fight, or go all the way back to your last save point, which are few and far between, so if you find yourself underlevelled, it's a tough call whether to keep trying the boss or to redo a lot of lost ground and grind to try to power up a bit.  Boss fights are graded; I generally had to redo them a couple of times while I learned the patterns, and then squeaked by with a ""D"" grade.  It also appeared that XP awards for bosses were reduced if you got a poor grade, although I may be mistaken about this, because that would be pretty backwards--if you were underlevelled and barely made it through the fight, surely you need a boost of experience to make things a little easier, whereas if you're cruising through the fight barely breaking a sweat, you probably don't need much help in the levelling department.I haven't brought up the story yet, which is partly because the game doesn't bring it up much either.  There's a long opening cinematic, consisting of text over still images, but it still doesn't give the player control over the speed at which this advances, which is a minor pet peeve of mine; and it relies on invented nonsense words to try to create a sense of exoticism.  Actual line from the opening cinematic: ""We've been searching for Gernot for many months now.  He's the last living Hyogokun Knight in Myrgato's Dark Army.""  We have no points of reference for any of these names, so it's virtually meaningless to the player.  But this story is almost entirely discarded after this opening cinematic, so it doesn't make that much difference. Once you're playing, all that's really addressed is that you're looking for your crew, you're ostensibly at the bottom of the ocean but that apparently doesn't preclude the typical forest/ice caves/crypt etc. fantasy settings, and the enemies you keep having to fight are classified sometimes as ""angels,"" sometimes as ""demons,"" and sometimes as ""ferals,"" although the distinction between the three is obscure.  It's fairly generic fantasy nonsense, and if it were more of a focus in the game it'd be aggravating, but as it's all treated as window dressing for monster bashing, it's reasonably inoffensive.The music is kind of similar.  It's not actually bad music; it's kind of generic bombastic fantasy fare, but it's well made.  Unfortunately, it blares at full maximum-drama intensity at all times, with no sort of modulation at all, which is very quickly tiresome.In short, then, the movement and camera and controls felt off to me, and that really drove me off the game.  The artwork is nice, but focussing on it led the designers to zoom far in on the characters, which hinders the exploration and platforming that are the core of the gameplay.  The music is well done, but misused in the game.  The story is bland but mostly out of the way.  There's basically nothing here that's compelling."
,Recommended,252030,8129079,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,dthursb,Great game. Was definately 10x more than what I expected.
,Not Recommended,252030,8696809,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lewd Anime Sniper,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is go- nvm, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,252030,8809055,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,trezhunter,"If you love 2-d Castlevania, Metroid, and the Megaman X series, this is the spiritual successor to all 3."
76561198054783267,Recommended,252030,8802216,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Brodywan (Bark),"Buy this game, seriously"
,Not Recommended,252030,10068340,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Dravvad,"I don't know what happened. I wanted to like this game, I really did. I was really excited when I decided to start playing. Then it took a few hours and I got bored.The story's portrayal didn't interest me, nor did the gameplay. I've played many games similar to this style, and some I've liked, some I haven't. The combat isn't bad by any means. It's interesting. But I just got bored. To be honest, I had lots more fun playing Dust: An Elysian Tale (though that game had its flaws too).The graphics are nice, but that's not enough to keep me playing. People bring up Dark Souls and similar games, and the funny thing is that I love Dark Souls. I sank 80+ hours into two playthroughs of the first Dark Souls and loved every moment. This game does not remind me of Dark Souls at all, even though the combat requires thought."
76561198012067179,Not Recommended,252030,14024832,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jorgonq,"This is another aesthetically pleasing indie game. Yet like all too many indie games, it lacks the precise mechanics to be really enjoyable. Too many pointless deaths come from something that should have been dodged, if only the character had responded as expected. That, and a breakdown of the gameplay mechanics would be nice, perhaps a proper tutorial. I feel that I spent way too much time just figuring out what the difference pieces and parts were and how they all went together. In some games, that is fun, but in one with the learning curve as steep as is here, it is not."
76561197965102368,Recommended,252030,12154548,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ibrakeforpandas,Amazing
,Recommended,252030,12668487,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Archagon,"Looking for a metroidvania to play that was kind of like Dark Souls but without all the, y'know, dark, I came upon Valdis Story. And I like it a lot! The combat in particular is executed very well: you have dozens of spells, various combat moves and techniques, dodges, parries, and a large ability tree. There's a lot of skill involved in figuring out how to fight effectively, but once you do, you become a machine. The enemies are quite varied and the boss fights are spectacularly balanced, especially on hard mode. On the downside, the levels can feel a bit generic and there are a lot of timing/switch puzzles. I also don't love the writing, although the character art is really great (and a bit similar to Bastion).Oh, and for anyone claiming that the game is unfair: DEPLOY YOUR DODGE AND YOUR BLOCK LIBERALLY. Especially the dodge: it makes you invulnerable for a few frames and is absolutely essential in some sections."
,Recommended,252030,11828180,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Shaggy,"Well, there went a sizeable chunk of my gaming time.  This has the allure of an interesting story and relatively simple gameplay, with the necessity of dying over and over to understand certain areas.  There are definitely times where you can get locked into death in frustrating ways ala old-school Nintendo, but if you can grab this on sale, make sure to give it your attention."
76561197993647426,Not Recommended,252030,10254270,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,kidrar,"Riddled with bugs and problems. Sure, it is independently made, but the $15 price is not fitting for a game so ill-maintained. I might feel better about the purchase had it only been $5 or something, but as it is I feel cheated. For over six months I wasn't even able to play the game thanks to a bug that wouldn't let me start from the menu screen (a bug that I was unable to fix even if i deleted all the files related to the game and downloaded it again, which I did over a dozen times).Even when the game works, it is mediocre at best. I assumed the problems with the gameplay were localized to the fact that the control scheme and ""skill cancel"" system is terribly implemented. However, as I discovered upon choosing a different character to play as rather than the default, graphically this game is extremely buggy as well. Any time I stopped movement (including cutscenes) my character simply turned into the default character. Not sure if this is shoddy programming or animation or what, but it was the final nail in the coffin.In short, I don't recommend this game. Even if I hadn't had to buy it, Valdis Story STILL wouldn't be worth devoting any time to playing."
76561198026857783,Recommended,252030,8520260,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Prince Ali,Did Castlevania let you down with Mirrors of Fate for 3ds? Did it not feel that itch that previous portable Castlevania games did for gba and ds? That itch that started since Symphony Of The Night?You may have used Dust to fill that void but you've completed that game and just want more correct?Valdis Story: Abyssal City is here for only $14.99 what a steal!! Currently it is going for $3.75 which is highway robbery.It's the game you've been looking for since your last real castlevania adventure on DS. Pick this game up now!4 different characters! 4!!!!!!!! Thats a whole lot of replay value on top of just completing the game with one character.The level up system is great. It allows you to make the choices you want for the builds and play style you enjoy.The combat involved blocking attacking and some dodge. I don't want to give too much away! If you enjoy Castlevania Metroid style game then pick this up ASAP!
76561198005912117,Recommended,252030,7801421,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Slice,"Good old Metroidvania-esque gameplay. Tough bosses, lots of exploration and a fairly well-done combat system. Definitely worth its pricetag"
,Recommended,252030,8756714,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ZawaAmaz,"Pretty fun but very unpolished, game still feels incomplete. Timer challenges can go to hell."
76561198067965171,Not Recommended,252030,16469100,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zephyrious,"this is kind of the first time playing it so this will be a first impressionthe story is pretty good i enjoyed it and it was interesting, lots of characters, average weapons but this is the start of the game so i say it pretty goodbut and a BIG BUTthe controls felt clunky and often led to my death, often fighting against the controls, wall jumping was extremely odd and felt really weird, blocking was USELESS, tutorial... what tutorial???, they dont explain things such as some magic abilities and enemies and the mana keys, there is an odd rush of bosses that often leave you un-prepared and often feeling not ready for them (they also rank you for the bosses) and the map is kinda useless as well... so yeh i didnt really have a fun time"
76561198077538197,Recommended,252030,20870666,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,VandriX,Valdis Story is a good action platformer.A bit difficult for me but cool nonetheless.(I wouldn't dare trying a 100% completion... way too difficult...)
76561197961209133,Recommended,252030,12081740,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Lolsamurai*,I want this every 3 months =)Thanks to developpers and co.
,Not Recommended,252030,11942354,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CloakOfOdin,"Just started and already agree with the comments with negative reviews. This game could stand to use another bug fix upgrade. Well, first off its still rather slow on my 2.2Ghz 2gb RAM laptop. The game seemed to have still been loading when I first got to the title screen. Music is choppy as is the on screen action when there is more than just my character on the screen.Now on about the game.The lever to open the first door seriously should not be that difficult. Problem is the designers did not add the time it takes to jump, press down on the d-pad to activate the ground pound, then for your character to ""recover"" from that action to the activate the dash (again pressing down on d-pad) then left on joystick. As I type this I think d-pad is also used to move your character, not just special move activation.Its a nice enough game but I think I'll wait until things are smoothed over before I begin playing again.Lesson to indies: If you don't want to earn $0.99 from your hard work I suggest you properly...thoroughly and fully test your game. This title has just made me more cautious for future purchases un general. Its a shame because I really was digging the art style, the animations and the idea behind the mechanics. It just didn't gel well altogether to be enjoyable.So although I'm saying its a negative, here's hoping the problems are fixed soon.I hope the indie seen realizes they are all impacting each others bottom line. If too many poorly execute products are out there people will respond in kind pick up titles at only the cheapest of prices (if your lucky) or flat our forget about you altogether.Step up your game!"
,Not Recommended,252030,24328296,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"A worse Eternal Daughter that you have to pay money for. Not the least I've ever enjoyed a game, but probably not worth your time."
,Recommended,252030,9701882,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,[51stMI] Drama.,"Great platformer, always makes me feel like a badass. 8/10"
,Recommended,252030,12120052,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"I probably jumped the gun with my previous negative review, as I was playing on Veteran difficulty and got angry at an area where I couldn't turn back and lost my health potions before a really hard boss. I played Veteran because found Hard a bit too easy when I played it, but that is because I didn't play against the bosses yet. In retrospect, I should have played on Hard, but hard seemed too easy at the time and the game eventually fustrated me to an instant uninstall.Realistically, Valdis Story is probably one of the better Metroidvania for purchase on Steam, ot at least the closest game to the 2D ""semi-difficult SOTN-Style"" Castlevanias outside of the Rogue-lite Rogue Legacy and colorful and slightly easy and very short Guacamelee.The combat is a mix of being great due to combos and magic, and fustrating due to the skill cancel and enemy/boss attacks that can stun-lock you and drain tons of health.-The skill cancel allows you to dodge or drop quickly while in mid-air by pressing down, and then the ability to dodge if you press left or right after activation. This key mapping is fustrating in platforming as you accidentally may press down on your game pad and is cumbersome in combat, but at least it is remappable to alleviate some fustration.-I like the fact that the same soul can be mapped to different directions Smash Bros style to offer you different magic abilities, but I have many times accidentally used Smite (Dark Magic Button + Right) while after making a Platform (Ice Magic Button + Down)-I eventually unlocked a Team Assist attack, much like Marvel Vs Capcom 2, but the Assist was weak and had a 10 second cooldown, and it sometimes misses - I was better off using normal attacks.-While combo's are cool, i'll admit that I miss the combat of Castlevania's where the game was about managing your ""single attack press"" and avoiding hits which caused knock back with temporary invincibility, but not stun-locks into combo barrages.Perhaps in the future I will reinstall when I'm in the mood for a Metroidvania again and play on a lower difficulty. I stopped at the Guardian Temple which is where I became completely annoyed, though it looks like I was relatively far into the game. I recommend looking at a few negative reviews before you Add to Cart, though if you play at Normal Difficulty and are decent at this style of game, then you may enjoy it..provided you remember to remap your skill cancel key."
76561198042862174,Recommended,252030,17041507,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Sir Cuzio,2D Dark Souls/10
,Recommended,252030,14165754,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Diabolical_Oblivion,"First i would like to start out by saying this game is very well designed. Good story, Great graphics for a ""platformer"", and it can be very challenging at times which that is kind of a good/bad quality.  The good of course meaning there are times when you just want the game to get more exciting and button mash like crazy, the BAD part of it is that there were times when it brought the rage and constant yelling at the screen out of me lol.You will see what i mean when the times come. Just to elaborate quickly it involves pulling various switches and making mad rushes to certain points while also having enemies♥♥♥♥♥♥you off by getting in your way or knock you down off a platform just to have to go the long way around to get back to where you were :)The Good outweights the bad for this game though by a longshot. My first impressions of this game made me feel like i was playing a Castlevania SoTN clone with the graphics of Grand Chase/Elsword.The combat and skill system is great. You can do a mix of light and heavy attacks with magic skills thrown in the mix to create some nice combos. You have 3 skill trees that you can put points into as you level up to increase ""Passive"" boosts to your characters. For example extra armor, hp, physical damage, magic damage, etc....The actual magic skills you aquire are just from defeating Bosses during the story.Love the item trading system as well. No currency in this game. You aquire random item drops from enemies and you can go to vendors with the required lists of items and increase your different armors or sword's defense/damage.My Final thoughts!If you love platformer/metroid-vania games, you must buy this because its one of the better ones out there. Great soundtrack and gameplay. Even though the store page claims partial controller support, it is indeed FULLY controller operational and i highly recommend using a controller or you will get frustrated at times. Even with a controller there are times of utter frustration and constant cursing the computer screen lol. The story is good but could be better in the way its presented but all in all I did enjoy the game thus im giving it a Rating of........................9/10"
76561197976028805,Recommended,252030,7934712,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Frast,"It has been a long time since I have cursed so much at a game yet still greatly wanted to continue playing.Highly recommended for fans of the metroidvania game style. It has very nice art, good rpg elements, great music and is a very fun challenge with an interesting story that unfolds..."
,Recommended,252030,18285859,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Valv Vader,8.5+For fans of metroidvania style games. Engaging and fun all the way through
76561198053720588,Recommended,252030,13910654,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,La Grosse Tarlouze,This  game is worth if you buy it  when it's in sale. but this game really need a patch.
76561198056675328,Recommended,252030,8499113,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Drobodur,"Такс, самая маленькая сложность это нормал, и 3 уровня харда, посмотрим посмотрим. Так платформер, рубилово, многоэлементная магия, прыжки от стен, уклонение, блок, разнообразная прокачка и талисманы. Неплохо, а теперь давай ка взглянем на начальный эквип. Так броня, меч. Постой ка, что это за пустая рука рядом с мечом? -40% дамага, +25% экспы. Ну ка Ну ка. О БОГИ КАКОЙ ОХУИТЕЛЬНЫЙ МУВСЕТ. Да я же гр♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ый спятавшийся тигр, парящий дракон. И блок заменен на парирование. 11 / 10, батя рекомендует, брат жив."
76561198025023628,Recommended,252030,13085121,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Darth Wiggum,"Metroidvania, but pretty."
76561198020628577,Recommended,252030,15689972,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Oaden,"A solid metroidvania, with awesome art, good music and decent story"
76561198025967342,Recommended,252030,8557260,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth,"this is a fun game untill you realize how bad the controls become and how hard it is to trigger ground stomp buttons and mana gem  mana stone activations many of the things needed to collect items from red and gold chests. In my honest opinion do not buy this game till the devs fix some of what i like to call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics if you are a person with anything other than perfect cordination you will truly not enjoy much of this game. PS if the devs read this adding 2-3 second to each of the timers would make many things much easier and less "" I WANT TO THROW MY ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROLLER AT THE SCREEN "" thank you i hope this review will help you"
,Recommended,252030,10095687,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Rio,"The game works now. It's really fun, a great mix of metroidvania and brawler."
,Recommended,252030,21803877,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,nanaya,game is fine. Anyone who says it's hard can't build properly. Git gud.
76561198130571213,Recommended,252030,18715268,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,mgoldsmith001,"**Mild Spoilers**This is my favorite game on Steam, and IMHO it doesnt get the attention it deserves.It plays like a standard Metriod/Vania platformer, with an interesting and original storyline. One of the best features about this game is that it is CHALLENGING, which makes the victorys gratifying.The combat is Melee/Magic based, with equipment that you scavenge from chests and upgrade. There is also a 3 tier skill tree, which lets you customize your character based on the way you fight.The visuals are fun, i personally love the animaton style, and the soundtrack is a cut above the rest.ONE LARGE PROBLEM is the command for healing magic is so sloppy, many of the later bosses send torrents of attacks your way, and the ""heal"" command shares the same button as the jump command"" (WTF?) So when you find a second in the fight to cast a much needed healing spell, half the time you jump in the air, and get hit by another attack or cast the ""Air"" spell which gives hang time. Either way the second you had to heal is gone and you end up taking more damage because of a bad key setup.Also there are many NPCs that are very flat, saying only one line. Endless Fluff could have done a better job making them more engaging. The story/terminology is also slightly confusing, not giving the main character a clear backstory (Why were they on a ship, where were they going?) Your sort of ploped into this fantastical world to look for your ""crew"" while also hearing that you are an ex soldier from a demon army, and they never tell you how you got from one point to the other. Lastly they seem to have abandoned the ""Lore"" section of the game, which could be finished in a couple hours. Very sloppyMinor criticisms aside, Valdis Story is very entertaining and i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys games of the same genre."
,Not Recommended,252030,23898805,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Squirrels,"As someone coming to this game from years of Dark Souls, Metroid and Castlevania experience, I was expecting a typical ARPG Metroidvania title. The first hour of this game is exactly that, and it's wonderful. What follows is something entirely different.I'll just list the stuff that irks me:1. Timed, switch-based puzzles: These are in almost every room, and are pointless from a design perspective. Why force players to arbitrarily race from one point to another in a game like this, often in rooms with no enemies and requiring near pixel-perfect timing?2. Scoring system for bosses: The best feeling in Metroid and Castlevania comes from just barely beating a tough boss, perhaps one that you weren't even meant to be fighting yet, and gaining awesome rewards. In Valdis Story, if you don't beat the boss quickly and with varied moves, the game slaps you with a bad grade for the fight and lessens your reward. Imagine if Symphony of the Night was like ""Oh, you only used R1 in this fight? You get reduced exp."" It's a vindictive, garbage system that punishes you for playing your own way.3. No warning for boss fights: Of course, you'd be far more likely to do well in boss fights if there was some way of telling when you were about to enter one. There are no special doors, no warning signs, and no way to leave once you enter. Either you go in totally unprepared and win, or head back to your last save.The whole thing reeks of a dev who was very adamant that his/her game be played and mastered a specific way, punishing the blind experimentation. ""You did it, but not the way I wanted you to, so screw you,"" is the message I continually felt as I played. Not a good feeling, not a good game."
,Not Recommended,252030,24803584,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,prot8to,"I liked this game at first. The idea, story, and gameplay are all great at first. After a while the graphics get to you. They aren't quite 16 bit and they're blurry. If you do 2x to try and improve them it just looks bad. The game should look much better than it does honestly. However that's not the part I really don't like about it. Given everything about the game I would rate this highly except for the squishy factor.You start out super weak. You remain super weak throughout most of the game. It's crazy how OP some of the enemies are with powers that just destroy you in seconds. One bad hit can mean 80 damage and death. There's no blinking, no temporary invincibility when you take damage, so you just keep taking damage which just compounds the more enemies that are attacking you.Bosses and sections of the game are super trolly. Some areas you're supposed to jump gaps on tiny moving objects while enemies are shooting projectiles at you. They aren't on the screen, so you can't do anything about it except hope that it doesn't happen because blocking doesn't work that great. As you progress you get better armor, items, and skills that make it easier, or so you would think. Only the bosses and enemies get more OP and more troll as you go.I haven't yet finished this game because every time I pick it up something about it pisses me off. I always forget why I stopped playing and I always realize it's because the game is made to make you try again and again and fail over and over. This isn't the kind of game to have that play style and it just becomes a huge turn off. Maybe if leveling up didn't take forever, grinding wouldn't feel like some epic task that takes days. No matter what, I just realize this game all around was half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in many ways."
76561197992557097,Recommended,252030,7919124,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,SleepDepJoel,"An exclellent blend of Devil May Cry action and Metroidvania exploration and power ups.  The cartoonish visuals are beautiful, but mask what can be an extremely brutal game.  Indeed, it is brutalful.  The equipment items are nicely tuned; instead of being flat upgrades they offer a variety of different options in your play style via conditional bonuses.  With 4 characters who each have 3 different skill trees there seems to be plenty of ways of dealing with enemies as well.If you're thinking about choosing between Dust: Elysian Tale or Valdis Story: Abyssal City, Valdis blows Dust out of the water without even looking at the explosion behind it."
76561198022760738,Not Recommended,252030,33424347,Posted: 10 July,all,Ivan,"Let me start with this:If you are looking for a casual beat'em up, this is not what you are looking for;Do you like pain?Edgyness?Literally annoying levels of anything, with a dificulty that is more than difficult is unfair?Imagine Medusa heads level of annoying, type of game?Well, here it is.I finished this game out of despite, rather than enjoyment after investing enough time on it.It is a great game? no, its not, but is not ""Castlevania 2"" bad.It has some awful mapping system, too basic.It gets repetitive easily, despite its ""replayability"" , DDDDWA,DDDDDDDWA, etc etc.Beat'em all system. Mostly unfair after you reach of the middle of the game because every monster, including previous ones gain counter, super armor, teleportation *not all of the abilities at the same time, but a mixture dependingYour first playthrou will be punishing, and if you really enjoyed it? maybe go for another go, not me.Here's some features, just in a random order:-Shadow the Hedgehog ultimate lifeform storytype, everybody is a special snowflake, theres a guy called ""something"" arm of 100 devils.-Ranking System-Metroidvania style gamplay-Elemental and aliments system-On the clock system, if you take too much time to do things, there will be punishment, not only on the ranking.-Skill tree, weeee.... screw that.-Awful mapping, the platforming its alright, but, the times you DONT have to platform, seem to be the most annoying, specially in the first city.-Low enemy portfolio * * I imagine its an area i didnt discover or some crap, but I did cover maps 100 percent.-Encyclopedia with lots of LOCKED things  * same as above-Limited inventory items for upgrades, if you messed it up, you messed it up!If I had to describe the game based on a single enemy inside of it, I will describe it as this ♥♥♥♥ face here:http://valdisstory.wikia.com/wiki/Demon_WarlockThey are bothersome, they teleport all over the map, and when you have them stunned? they teleport, because their special snowflake abilities let them to.They are a pest even if you could kill them quick, yet still manage to be a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,252030,22911363,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Joseph,is rill gud
,Not Recommended,252030,25774013,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DecemberFlame,"I was excited by the premise of the game, and by the visuals shown off in the media on the storefront. I figured what the hell, I like Metroidvanias, this looks promising, lets go.And there is a lot here to like. Even though the art is low res, its charming in its own way. The combat and skill tree is fun and looks to have promise.But here is the deal: the game controls like sticky♥♥♥♥♥ The character feels glued to the floor, like you are directly fighting with gravity with every jump, or some demon snuck a hunk of iron into your boots. Everytime I pressed the jump button it felt like peeling a sticker off a box. Its doable, but this starts to really grate on you. The ""Cancel"" in the game, done simply hitting down on the stick, does NOT mesh well with the right-trigger+direction magic casting system. Attacks feel occasionally unresponsive. Its just a mess in every way when it comes to controls. The game itself is on the easier side, but a lot of incoming damage feels like it is more caused by wrestling with the funky controls than anything else.The other main complaint is the lack of instruction on how some stuff works like equipment, the spell system or other functions (particularly if you have ""info"" off in the menus, which is off by default). I picked up a lot of items in this game but had little idea what any of them were for. It all just felt a bit aimless.To me, this all meets in a hailstorm of frustration when fighting the game's 2nd or third boss, the Ice Dragon.  You will wiggle. You will miscast. You will stick to everything like Toby Maguire's Peter Parker.If you can stomach the Ice Dragon and still had fun, I think you'll enjoy this game. If not, just know it doesn't get better."
76561198064290040,Not Recommended,252030,17010148,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,nseybert,"I've never written a steam review before but I had to come here and just say that I thought this game was pretty crappy. I came in looking for a metroidvania game after playing virtually all that are out there for NES, SNES, PS3, XBOX360/1 Nintendo DS/3DS, etc. I've been playing game for 30 years now on virtually every system ever released and I think I know quality when I see it. This game is just not there. The graphics are crisp and simplistic to the point that I really feel like I'm playing a flash game that should run for free on a website for people bored at work. The controls, at least on OS X are pretty laggy. They are also a little bit overly complex the second you jump into the game. The character/story development right off the bat is not intriguing or understandable. They just talk about some gods of the past without any real plot development. Of course, some of the greatest games like Metroid or Cave Story also started out with little to no plot development, but they also had mysterious and intriguing worlds to explore. This game really doesn't. You start out in some kind of cathedral that is totally uninteresting. The save points are also impossible to find and the map system is horrendous. What does the color coding even mean? I almost feel like just ignoring the map is more helpful. Anyway, I have plenty of money to spend but I still regret this purchase because I feel like I gave money to a developer who turned in a lackluster effort on this game..."
76561197997022811,Not Recommended,252030,19493374,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,JigokunoOusama,I can't recommend this one with good conscience.  Just go buy a Castlevania game.
,Not Recommended,252030,9394239,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,mosaicorange,"I've only played five hours but this game is needlessly difficult. I'm currently up to the ice eye monster that summons an avatar in the sewers and I'm barely doing any damage to it, meanwhile I get slamed with hits that are half my hp. And it's not just this boss, they're all mindlessly difficult beyond belief. You can try to grind XP, but you won't get very far with that route either since the real XP comes from bosses and the minions barely give any.If you like a challenge beyond reason, this game is for you. However if you want to just chill and have a good time, go with Dust: An Elysian Tail which is the same type of gameplay, with less painful methods of progression."
,Not Recommended,252030,11414953,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Gekko,"The level cap is 20this bothers meif a level 20 level cap bothers you, don't buy this game"
76561197995317762,Not Recommended,252030,14559825,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LooseButthole,"If you want a good 2d platformer play super meat boy or shovel knight. This game is superfically pretty and the music is engrossing and takes you in for a few minutes until you realize simple and boring the gameplay is. The combat is non-existent, the controls are not tight, the characters are boring, the ""skills"" system is nothing more than base stats changing. It's just not fun bottom line. I gave it an honest try and couldn't get into it."
76561198022920769,Not Recommended,252030,13947407,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ghaleonx39,"Two words perfectly describe this game: Aggravating and Annoying.  At its best, the controls and movement of the main characters is awkard, at its worst it's downright terrible and game ruining.  Combine that with enemies that continuously prevent you from moving or knocking you routinely out of the air and you get a game that's almost unplayable.  The majority of the time spent in this game is attempting to climb the same areas over, and over, and over. Waste of money and time."
,Not Recommended,252030,14037156,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kuhnta,"A  decent brawler/metroidvania like game ,but devs decided not to finish the game. Two greyed out characters in the character selection screen that just were never made into actual playable characters."
76561198040490220,Recommended,252030,7877066,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Fistory 101,Surprisingly fantastic.
,Recommended,252030,7579857,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,curly_nuts,"An awesome side scrolling action RPG. Very similar to Castlevania SOTN, which is a good good good thing. RPG elements, twich skill-based action, a huge world to explore...this is one of the best 2-d action games on PC."
76561197990948604,Not Recommended,252030,10966970,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yung Money,good combat but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design.. dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,252030,12209456,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,This game is like doing meth. At first it's great and then it's over.
,Not Recommended,252030,14051484,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Zenks Renway,"As soon as you reach the 2nd boss you may as well just stop playing. First of all, this boss has WAY too much health for a boss so early in the game. Dashing is hardly effective for dodging anything because it's tied to that stupid skill-cancel feature that for some reason suddenly takes twice as long to refill unlike everywhere else in the game up to that point, which you'll totally trigger on accident from being forced to mash on the joystick to break out of its attacks (since mashing left-and-right on the D-pad is the most uncomfortable thing ever). Why can't I just double-tap left/right to dash like y'know, every other platformer ever made? You get magic and this ""special meter full"" mode to use against it but they're basically useless, same with blocking. The boss did eventually die after a dozen or so rage-filled attempts and even then I barely beat it thanks to that revive potion. Right afterwards you immediately stumble into enemies that hit even harder and faster than that boss and can do MORE ice attacks you have to button-mash out of. That's when you finally realise that you're playing Fake Difficulty: The game, and that the developers only made the first few minutes of the game easy to deceive you into thinking this game will have a reasonable learning curve when really it's the hardest most miserable thing ever since Battletoads, and even Battletoads at least had bosses that didn't take forever to kill.About the only good thing worth saying is that the game has a nice artstyle."
,Not Recommended,252030,10330876,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Fan,A game that could have been good ruined by an awful control scheme and very poor mechanics.
76561198135116824,Not Recommended,252030,15834922,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Knight,"this game is designed to aggravate you.  I swear I'm gonna get some kinda hernia from trying to do the puzzles over and over again.  Some levels in this game has mobs making you  start over and over and over and over just to get to the next area.  It really is aggravating.  I wanna spare you the problems and just tell you not to get it, even though it looks good"
76561198062215190,Recommended,252030,8017533,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Sillabus Greywind,GOOD GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198032886405,Recommended,252030,10880261,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"""ITS ME""Mr.Pro","Let me start by saying I am the only one in the universe to ever play this game no one else so dont let them fool you!!!!!!!!!This is a fantastic game great music, great action, great atmosphere, great level design, great sound effects, great character design and easy mechanics.  Has stupid a generic story that is nonsense  when you play it you will know what i mean  i beat this game atleast 4 times so that should tell you that this game is short but very enjoyable considering that there is only two characters at the moment."
,Recommended,252030,13121967,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ranix,"This game is great. You should totally get it. It feels like an old psx game from back in the day. There are a couple of issues with typos and poor grammar but they didn't bother me much. It's got an intriguing story, the area design is top-notch, and the abilities and character building is fun.It's a ""C""-grade game but overall really remarkable for an indie title and I'm very glad I bought it.Play it on ""hard"""
76561197994343818,Not Recommended,252030,14043656,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,whiteclaw5,"Right from the beginning, one of the things I found really offputting about this game was the lack of instruction.  There's a skill tree, stats to ugprade, accessories, assists, etc.  Through trial and error I discovered moves and abilities, but even towards the end of the game, I was still discovering basic game mechanics because it didn't bother to tell me anything.  Worse yet, even on normal mode, the game can be pretty difficult.As you level up, the enemies level up too (making the entire process basically worthless).  There are no easy areas.  Come back to the starting section after reaching level 10 and you'll discover the enemies have all leveled up too with new abilities and skills, increased defense, and increased attack power.   This becomes especially frustrating because the game requires a lot of backtracking if you want to collect everything.  Or in some cases, it's required just to progress.Boss fights especially are hard because they have extreme amounts of health and you can barely scratch them.   If after twenty minutes the boss's health is only at half, then something is wrong.  Even worse, many of them can heal, so it's entirely possible to spend an entire hour fighting a boss and have them at full health.Status effects are never explained either.  Hit an enemy and a strange symbol appears over their head.  The game will never tell you what it does.Finally, about halfway through the game I decided to sit down and really commit to searching for information on the game.  And let me tell you it is almost impossible to find anything decent.  What is out there is scattered through several dozen forum posts and a wiki full of mostly blank pages.  It was only by spending time carefully combing through posts and following dubious and often broken links, that I discovered there are suggested builds and stats for the game.  (Although don't expect to actually find an explanation of these builds or a guide to stat upgrades.  They either don't exist or are extremely vague.)Anyway, three-fourths of the way through the game I discovered that because I hadn't done hours of research prior to even starting, I wasn't going to be able to progress.  My stat upgrades, skill tree path, weapon upgrades, and the items I'd wasted unique currency on were all mismatched because I'd been stumbling around in the dark.   Even the options to respec didn't help because I'd failed to achieve S-rank grades on boss fights, meaning I'd missed out on certain upgrades or bonuses I didn't know existed.All in all, this game is a giant waste of time.  If it bothered to explain even 1/10th of the information I had to carefully glean from internet forum posts like a prospector panning for gold, it might have been salvageable.  It doesn't.  Save yourself time and go into a windowless room, turn off the lights, and walk around bumping into things at random.  It'll be the same basic experience."
,Not Recommended,252030,31755733,Posted: 14 May,all,voraciti,"I have had a host of technical issues that have made this game unplayable for me. Which is sad, because the game itself looked kind of cool in my limited play time.First of all, the menu does not work at all with my controller (USB XBox controller). It's impossible to select anything in the menus - which as you can imagine, is quite frustrating. I don't feel like I'm using a weird off-the-beaten-track controller, and it works with every other Steam game I've played. Tried googling a few solutions and nothing really helped.Secondly, when I was in full screen mode and tried to exit the game (which was hard, because the menu issues), the screen totally froze and took over my monitor to the point where I couldn't even kill the process with task manager.Game looks cool, but not cool enough to put up with this. Sorry to say I regret the purchase."
76561198061304549,Not Recommended,252030,33567880,Posted: 15 July,all,NC Stuntman,"Decent game of a metroidvania sort of way, but controls are gimmicky and sluggish at times when under the gun, especially when handed a timer to get to X location within mere seconds which means each and every jump must be started and landed perfectly with a sprint following that and to be already be turned in the direction you need otherwise rinse and repeast over and over and over again.  The leveling is random and having to switch back and forth to figure out which piece of equipment does what is a pain as you can not see it all on the same screen.  There is little towards an instruction in the game and at times just trying to perform actions can send your button commands into a dumpster fire.  I personally wanted a lot for this game but find it completely lacking in so many regards.  The bad things about a Metroidvania are what shine the most (not in a good way) with this game, would not recommend."
,Recommended,252030,13208252,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nerd House,"The “Metroidvania” platformer enjoyed its heyday some 15-20 years ago when Super Metroid and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night ruled the roost, and eventually found their names lent to the genre’s title. While many games since then have borrowed the tried-and-true mechanics of these classics, Valdis Story: Abyssal City is one that does so while also re-creating the aesthetic of the old-school consoles — its colorful art style would feel right at home on a PlayStation. The hours of engaging gameplay at hand will especially satisfy the nostalgic.In a world where demons and angels are at war, Wyatt and his crew set sail in order to track down his missing father. During the voyage, their ship is attacked by creatures from below and sunk. Beneath the water's surface, they find a slowly dying ancient city under constant attack from angels, demons and ferals. Separated from his crew, Wyatt must now reunite them while continuing the search for his father. During his journey, he discovers lost secrets and unravels mysteries surrounding him and his friends.As with its classic inspirations, the bulk of the gameplay in Valdis Story is spent battling enemies and exploring the side-scrolling landscapes. The satisfaction of a good Metroidvania game is intact; you’ll come across many inaccessible doors and return to them hours later with a means of entry, filled with anticipation of what could be behind them. The location of your next task is not always obvious, with a vague line of text serving as the only clue. This lack of hand-holding might frustrate in other games, but it’s a boon to Valdis Story, as revisiting areas to more thoroughly explore only enhances the whole. Valdis Story rewards those who go out of their way to explore; a vital aspect of this Metroidvania-style game. As you leap around the beautiful 2D world, you acquire new equipment and spells that allow access to previously unreachable locations. Summoning ice pillars as temporary platforms, short-range teleports and wall-kicking are just a few of the abilities needed to fully traverse the city. Dozens of hidden items, chests and crew members wait to be found, some of which are extraordinarily hard to find, making it sweeter when you do.There’s a solid progression system in place, injecting RPG aspects to great effect. Experience is earned through defeating enemies, with a substantial amount of unlockable skills and stat upgrades to choose from as each new player level is achieved. There’s even somewhat of a crafting mechanic — materials collected in the wild can be provided to vendors to increase the effectiveness of armor and weapons, or create new ones outright.The combat in Valdis Story is fun. Stringing together combos with the aid of unlocked skills is enchanting from start to finish. Magic plays a major part, serving as a gratifying complement to melee swordplay. By the game’s conclusion, you’ll have access to a generous amount of spells ranging from elemental attacks, to stat buffs, to abilities that help you reach otherwise-inaccessible areas. The depth of combat comes to light most effectively while entrenched in the numerous boss fights. Some of these tests are quite stiff, particularly later in the game. Success comes through experimentation, practicing different spells on different bosses, and even exploring the area where the battle takes place. But if nothing’s working out, doubling back for some old-fashioned level grinding goes a long way.Combat flows smoothly, and stringing attacks together is fast-paced and exciting. The keyboard controls are clunky, but they can be rearranged or a gamepad can be used. You can execute short-ranged dashes that allow you to dodge and move past foes, or employ more than twenty spells to deal damage, heal, boost your own abilities or reach new places. The sound effects that accompany them are appropriate, though a little artificial-sounding at times. Nevertheless, spell diversity is outstanding, and there are dozens of ways to approach combat in any particular battle. Often, you will need to mix up your strategy as some enemies focus on speed and manoeuvrability, while others are heavily armoured or stand back and shoot. There's a solid variety of foes, though their design relies on palette-swapping as the game progresses. On level up you can assign stat points and choose to focus on magic, melee or a mix of the two. It's a fun, flexible system that provides great variety on additional plays.There are plenty of bosses to test your skills against, both story-based and optional, and you'll always need to be at your best to beat them. Monstrous armoured angels and sleek, agile demons are just a few you'll encounter. Different bosses require you to take down shields, stay above poisonous gas, navigate precarious platforms, destroy healing devices and even beat a time limit in order to destroy them. There's terrific variety, and, even on the normal difficulty setting, they are a real challenge to defeat. Once you do so, you are given a rank based on how soundly you thrashed them, and may be rewarded with extra experience or even additional stat or skill points to assign. At the end of the game you receive an overall ranking too, so completionists have a huge task ahead of them.I had a wonderful time playing Valdis Story. Time and time again it exceeded my expectations, and it's a privilege that I was able to play and review it. Just when I thought I had seen the greatest boss or most intense challenge, it threw another one at me. One play through, as Wyatt, takes about 10-15 hours, so there's at least twice that to play as Reina and collect all the hidden items. Throw in Gilda and Vladyn, and you can double that play time again! As long as you're prepared for a challenging game, I can't recommend Valdis Story enough.Recommended"
76561198001606112,Not Recommended,252030,13178925,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kaiser Redflame,"Good game with the two characters. However, for it to be an entire year without updates about anything regarding this game, I gotta tell you- it's not worth the money for what they promised."
76561198070299032,Recommended,252030,8568190,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,W1ne-Ton Hammer,The best Action-Platform-adventure game i tried. You think super metroid or the castlevania series was easy? Than try valdis story on god slayer. I had to lower the diffculty at very hard to beat magus.The gameplay is more like the super smash bros series or shank.
76561198142334643,Not Recommended,252030,21915971,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,WTFantastico,"Unfortunately, I have to give this game a very firm ""negative"". Everything looked nice on paper; the production value seemed high, the ideas seemed great, but the execution fails rather fundamentally and takes what should be an action-packed exploration of a fantastical wonderland and boils it down into a frustrating and poorly finished combat system with which you fight more than the in-game enemies.As is the custom, first are thePROs:+Soundtrack is well done (at least, what little I heard of it)+Backgrounds and environments are colorful and pretty (with some small visual design issues I'll get into later)+Character art is charming+Animations are purely gorgeous, though they can, on occasion, move too fast to understand what your player or enemies are doing.+The concepts behind the combat are exciting, though they're a letdown in terms of executionThen, theCONs:-Often times, interactable things like doors and enemies are difficult to discern from non-interactable elements.This is the visual design whoopsie I mentioned. Efforts are clearly made to make them ""pop"" from the background with a small, glowing outline on doors, but this garnish, too, blends with the palette and other elements of most environments, disabling the intended effect.-Controls.This was a bit big, so I needed to break it into paragraphs. Apologies.Put as succinctly as possible, the controls are very floaty and imprecise. Every movement carries far too much weight, causing your momentum play a BIG part in the gameplay. Running and jumping while pressing the opposite direction will cause your character to continue much of his forward motion and stopping and starting movement on the ground is stiff and wishy-washy. It feels like you're trying to wrangle your character whenever you try and get from one spot to another. This game requires much, much more precision than it's willing to give you, and all it leads to is frustration.What this game needed, and perhaps tried to emulate, is the Castlevania style of movement, where changes in momentum are immediate and everything responds as soon as you can think it. Based on the attack patterns and speed of the enemies, this admittedly unrealistic style of movement is an absolute requirement if fairness and a sense of player agency is to be upheld. Most of the time, you end up being helplessly bounced around, struggling to regain control of your own character, much less trying to attack enemies. If you still find it difficult to imagine, just think of ice-floor controls, but everywhere. It's not nearly as pronounced as that idea, sure, but it's fundamentally what I'm talking about. By the way, this game does employ the ice-floors trope in certain areas, which only accentuates the aforementioned flaws.Additionally, the acceleration in moving your character is inconsistent, clicking into a ""higher gear"", so to speak, after what seems to be an arbitrary amount of time. This isn't the only thing which is inconsistent, as getting hit can sometimes cause your character to cease all horizontal motion and begin a control-less freefall down what is often a significant amount of floors. Precision is made impossible by the whimsically activating acceleration as well as the oddly perilous distance your attacks seem to carry you, often flinging you off of things and missing enemies.-There are no invincibility frames upon taking damage.This is pretty self-explanatory, really, and it results in very frequent stun-locking. I don't think it needs to be said, but stun-locking the player is never fair nor is it engaging. I hate to generalize, but if you ever find your game putting the player into a position where punishment is doled out either with inconsistent relation to the player's actions or with plain abandon regardless of the player's actions, you have something that needs fixing. Stunlocking can occur without direct relation to how badly a player screwed up, and it is also a position in which the player has no agency. This type of inconsistent punishment puts stress on the player, as he/she can never fully predict whether a light tap will result in a bit of damage, or an extended tornado of pain.-Enemy designMost enemies fire projectiles. Avoiding them takes nimble aerial movement, which this game lacks, but many times projectiles are fired at you from off-screen, making them impossible to predict. This robs the player of the ability to anticipate their trajectory and space oneself accordingly. Even regarding the enemies on-screen, projectiles come out so fast and without warning that the optimal strategy when dealing with an enemy is to wait for them to attack first before approaching, as you can get close to an enemy, prepare an attack, and be knocked back suddenly by their projectile. When attacks like that can seemingly come from nowhere, the player is forced into a very stilted, slow mode of progression, which is detrimental to this game's design, overall. Add the floaty controls to this, and you'll feel like 90% of every hit was taken without justice.-Exploration techniques which use manaI didn't play far enough to know if there are multiple instances of this happening, but one spell you can cast called ""frost tower"" is necessary as a tool for reaching high ledges. The problem is that this mechanic uses MP, so if you approach such a ledge and you are without MP, you cannot progress until you stand around a wait for it to recharge. A tool of progression should not be tied to a limited use mechanic, otherwise it just gets in the way of exploration. As one of this game's core mechanics, exploration should be handled with the utmost fidelity.In summary, I thought that this was a game that reallydeservedto be good. The combat ideas were interesting and the game looks and sounds like a dream, but the mishandled combat and exploration elements were just far too strong a turn-off for me to continue playing. Personally speaking, this is a project that I would have LOVED to be a part of during development because I think it could have been easily be turned around, but as a finished product, I can't recommend it even for a niche audience.If you are someone new to the Castlevania-type of games, of which this is an example, then I would recommend playing a Castlevania game. If you are someone who has played a Castlevania game before and is looking to satisfy that special itch with something fresh, then I would especially recommend staying away, as you will be even less likely to tolerate the lack of polish here. As someone who has played nearly every Castlevania game multiple times and really craves something new in that vein, it's actually more appealing to re-tread those old grounds than to accommodate this game's flaws.To be honest, it really hurts to hate this game as it has clearly had a LOT of effort put into it, but every play session devolves instantaneously into pure rage at the broken mechanics and unfair, unpolished, rookie game design."
,Not Recommended,252030,8587385,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CloudPies,"Get it on sale maybe, otherwise, absolutely not worth the money. Sad attempt at an castlevania-esq game."
,Not Recommended,252030,13948830,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,BuannArt,"Developers probably wanted to do some ""old school game"" like lots of devs recently, but obviously only when it was convenient for them. No explanation ? Old school ! Ununderstable map ? Old school !Why not ! Shovel Knight does that quite well by example. But♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a keyboard to this extent (at least 25-30 different spells / attacks) still does look like a failure to me. Developers only wanted to do something complex (or lazily) without balancing it by bringing the ""old school"" argument, and ended up with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and unplayable game (if you want to spend less than 200 hours to learn the controls, that is).Menus are quite a mess too. A waste, the universe and graphics/sounds were quite cool. Too bad."
,Not Recommended,252030,8533798,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,macskeptic,"extremely low frame rates (10-ish) even on the menus on a machine that runs AAA titles just fine.game is utterly broken, don't buy unless they patch it"
,Not Recommended,252030,9700626,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,UndercoverPenguin,Short timers on the puzzles. Poor controls. Mediocre gameplay at best. Get a different game.
76561197996738656,Not Recommended,252030,12175111,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mythophile,"The controls are terrible, and it just makes everything annoying."
76561198013476128,Not Recommended,252030,16570531,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ace Havoc,"so bad, so very bad."
,Recommended,252030,12988364,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kiwimango,"I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun I had with this game. There are plenty of spells, talents, armors, and weapons in the game, and they all feel unique. Every item in the game has its own utility, and the potential to be the best weapon/armor in the game depending on what kind of build/playstyle/combos you want to use.The harder difficulties can be frustrating if you're trying to get a good rank on a boss fight, but when you finally do combo Eye of Myrgato from 100% HP to 0 it feels sooooo good."
76561198070995407,Recommended,252030,7945808,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hollowkoopa,If you like Metroidvanias then you will love Valdis Story.
,Recommended,252030,11204556,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kusu,Fun game but annoying as hell
76561198025019787,Recommended,252030,28383315,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,YoYoMeep,It's ok I guess
,Recommended,252030,23742485,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Peasant,"Expected a sale on this game hoping for something near Castlevania Symphony of the Night.Brought and downloaded the game expecting some anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t boring and poorly made thing.Got surprised by how it looks like SOTN in terms of gameplay, but with many improved things that i haven't ever thinked about. Never thought such things could be so well applied on a 2D game.Sprites of enemies, character, map, etc. are not my jam, but the gameplay makes me want to keep playing."
,Recommended,252030,31250193,Posted: 19 April,all,Coylie3,"Its pretty good. Four characters to play as, each with their own unique playstyles and place in the story. Starts out easy enough but there are some decently hard bosses later on. Especially the optional bosses.Probably the most annoying final boss I've ever fought in any video game, though. A little too much HP/shield regen for my tastes, but its still doable. Just have to have patience. And a lot of good equipment, because even as Gilda, the almost easy-mode spell caster character, that final boss is a pain.Character leveling almost reminds me of a class-based RPG more than a Metroidvania. 20 levels is the max and each character has three different trees worth of perks to put level points into. Most class-based RPGs also have some skills or perks that are just plain bad and you will want to stay away from, but I haven't seen any of the perks in this game as useless. Even the perks that scale various stats based on how many Angel/Demon/Polished Stones are in your inventory at any given moment are useful, especially since those are some very common drops.As far as the story goes, I'd say its okay. Pretty good, even. Not the best, sure, but its definitely not bad. The basic story is in the game's description, I don't need to go over it in this review.Art style is a little cartoony, but that's completely fine and, personally, I quite like it. The in-game music is pretty good, but you'll be too distracted with fighting the hardest bosses in the game to hear the best of it. Especially the ""Eye of _______"" bosses.So yeah, I'd recommend people give it a try. Too bad there isn't a playable demo available for download, but almost no games come with those anymore."
76561197969593119,Not Recommended,252030,15503540,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Codc,"Metroidvanias meet Ys. You choose one of the two available classes (when the devs promised 4) and you go to town on a bunch of bosses until you finally meet up with your mother.Decent music and art direction with lots of backtracking and a map that is not useful at all.As of today, 19months after being released, the game is still missing lots of promised features."
76561198012650618,Not Recommended,252030,21976077,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,felix_draconis,"It's fun for a few hours.  Nice animations, fun early gameplay, interesting, good art, music, and so on.Then you hit the pointless irritating timed puzzles, the frustrating platform puzzles, seriously unforgiving bosses that you have no warning about and have to grind through or lose progress, crashes, random pauses as it lags (sometimes in the middle of a jump), endless grinding to get items, and so on.Then it deletes your save game.  Which is what happened to me.  Time to quit this sloppy mess and not look back.  If you're really desperate for a Metroidvania-esque fix, pick it up, otherwise play any number of other things... or go back and play one of the Gameboy Castlevania games instead.  This is a serious maybe, but nothing more than that.  Pity, it could have been a lot more."
,Recommended,252030,7938627,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Yokuho,Please don't hammer nails into my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,252030,15780874,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Worm,"The end of this game is so terrible that it completely spoils the whole experience. It's the laziest boss I've ever seen, and what's worst is you have to fight it twice. I guess the second form is less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t since the game got patched but it really makes me want to die."
,Not Recommended,252030,25174755,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Celery,"Have you ever put down a game after having only played for a few hours?  You don't uninstall it because it seemed like it had potential, but it just wasn't able to hook you.  Maybe you're even on the fence about refunding it,  but you think: “It's seems alright, I'll go back to this someday.”  That's what happened to me with Valdis Story: Abyssal City.  Well, that day finally came around and I decided to revisit it.Immediately upon returning to the game I noticed something sort of strange.  It had been a few months since I last played so I thought I might as well start the game over.  After all, I was only a few hours into the game and a fresh start might rekindle my interest. Much to my surprise, it turns out there isn't a delete save feature.  Perhaps they thought being able to overwrite and create new saves was sufficient, but I feel like the ability to delete a save file has been standard for decades.  After a minor set back I was able to begin again.You play as one of four crew-members that have crashed their ship and landed in the lost city Sitheil.  There is a war going on between Myrgato the goddess of dark and Alagoth the goddess of light.  Humans are caught in the middle as both sides are using human souls to create their demonic and angelic soldiers.  Each playable member of the crew has their own backstory and play-style.  The different characters and difficulty options provide a solid amount of replay value.The game itself is a mix of genres.  I would describe it as an adventure platformer with RPG and timed puzzle elements.  You gain experience and levels by defeating enemies.  Each time you level up you are able to place skill and stat points.  The leveling and equipment system allow for building your character however you wish.  Unlike similar platformers there aren't many passive mobility upgrades.  Instead you find keys and learn mobility enhancing spells that allow you to access other regions of the city.  Spells can be assigned to up, down, side, and air.  Then to cast the spell you have to hold a button then press the direction to cast it (or just press the button while in the air).  In order to change the spell you have to pull up one of the two spell menus and reassign it.  There are quite a few spells for each direction but having to change them was so clunky I found myself leaving the mobility spells assigned at almost all times.Fortunately, it was very easy for me to create a melee based character to minimize spell usage during combat.  Fighting is where the game shines.  There are light attacks, heavy attacks, skill cancels (this functions as a dash, brief temporary invincibility, and an attack animation cancel), guarding, and ally assists.  One thing of note is the fact that there aren't invincibility frames upon being hit.  This means that occasionally you can be stun locked and juggled from full health to nearly dead.  Also worth mention is that you get graded and rewarded for how well you perform during boss battles.The bosses can be fairly challenging, especially if you're going into them completely blind.  You can expect to die a few times until you grasp their patterns.  This isn't an issue at all, and most of the battles are well designed.  What wasn't so well designed was the retry/continue system.  When you die you're presented with the options to either retry or go to the main menu.  Retrying occasionally penalizes you by lowering your level.  I tried to search the internet for what determined whether or not you lose levels but I wasn't able to find any information.  There was even one result that suggested it might be a bug.  Naturally you don't want to lose levels, so to avoid this you can go to the main menu and continue from your last save point.  Most of the time continuing from the last save location doesn't result in you losing too much progress.  There was one point at end of the game though where every time I wanted to attempt to fight the final boss I had the option of A.) fighting two bosses and doing a timed platforming section with a borderline pixel perfect jump (because apparently I missed the otherwise unnecessary double jump item) or B.) Retry at the final boss by taking the penalty of losing three levels.  It became more than a little repetitive and ultimately I opted for the level penalty.  Bizarrely, the pause menu doesn't have the options to retry or continue.  Every time you want to retry you either have to wait until your character dies or exit and and go back to the main start menu of the game.  It slows down the action quite a lot.Valdis Story: Abyssal City is a beautiful game and you can tell a lot work went into designing all of the sound and artwork.  Sadly, it's also a game that is tarnished by some very questionable design choices.  I have no doubt that some individuals will truly enjoy this game, but I found it to be more than a little rough around the edges. Overall it's not a bad game. However, the aforementioned issues marred my experience enough that I would find it difficult to recommend to anyone other than absolutely diehard fans of this genre.Like the review? Follow my curator page to see my thoughts on other games."
,Not Recommended,252030,12462213,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Yawzheek,"Well, having spent the better part of a few days with Valdis Story, and I'm sure I'll play through a bit more, I feel like I'm finally ready to give my opinion on it.Should you buy it? The short version is ""no."" The long version is, ""Yes, but...""Let's quickly figure out why you're here first - you heard it was either difficult, or Metroidvania, right? Well, the game isn't hard, and what's Metroidvania about it is a Frankensteined mess of some of the worst aspects of a Metroidvania game. That's not to say it has no good qualities, but the bad outweigh the good by far.Bad platforming seems to be a staple of Metroidvania games, and Valdis Story most emphatically doesn't disappoint. It's the worst, and the controls just aren't up to the task without extreme frustration. Some of the most egregious of these processes not only involve extended sections of bad platforming, but bad platforming on small, moving ledges, again with conveniently placed enemies designed to knock you back off, falling down a floor or two, sending you back through rooms you've already cleared to re-clear them and try again. Will you grab the ledge, bounce off the wall, or fall harmlessly down it? Hard to say, but it'll probably annoy the hell out of you. Really, many of the enemies are obviously placed with the sole purpose of knocking you off the platform, as they pose no real threat, but are placed in such a way that actually getting to them without being knocked off is the real challenge.Most of the enemies are fairly well-rounded, and bring some interesting mechanics. Again though, they're not really challenging, and most can be pretty easily dispatched by charging in head first and mashing buttons. Of the few that don't fall to such a basic attack, some of them are rather entertaining to play, if not a bit cheap in some of their moves. There's something about an enemy going invulnerable and casting a nearly unavoidable ice storm that freezes you, forcing you to waggle an analog stick to break free, only to be hit with yet another ice attack, become frozen directly after escaping the first, and going through the waggle motions again.The bosses are the real highlight of the difficulty, but those... it's really tough to say they're difficult. Some run the gamut of being mildly challenging to somewhat difficult, but it's safe to say all of them generally fall to the same tactic of avoid their 2-3 moves, grab a few quick hits (or stunlock them, if the fight permits it,) run away, and repeat. They become quite predictable quite quickly. Thankfully, the game incorporates a Devil May Cry ranking system based on a few factors, speed being one of them, that encourages risky tactics to fell them quicker, which grant better rewards based on your rating at completion. An especially nice touch that I really appreciated, and some of the battles grant significant rewards, such as massive amounts of experience to stat bonuses.While we're on the topic, the combat system for melee is quite basic, but typically does its job well. There are quite a few aspects of it, however, that get more in-depth, and the game is very tight-lipped as to explaining what they do, and why you should care. Having a browser open isn't a terrible idea. Unfortunately I can't give praise to the magic system. Many of the spells are rather useless, and though you will NEED to use some of them to accesss secret/hidden/progression areas, there's a good chance that's ALL you'll use them for. The control scheme for them is atrocious, where holding right trigger plus a directional area on your D-pad or left analog stick is disgusting, plus the fact that holding down on your D-pad or analog stick causes another reaction, and shifting spells is typically done with right trigger+B, at which point you have to cycle through them all until you find the desired spell... it's just bad. Really, really bad, and the spells themselves are pretty underwhelming. All said and done, melee works rather well, but avoid magic like the plague.Further, the map is almost completely useless, which is a real sin considering the game involves large amounts of backtracking to find places you couldn't previously access. The UI is bad and could use a severe overhaul, and for whatever reason, when you've triggered enough hits to access your ""combo breaker"" or whatever it's called (also VERY underwhelming) it lets off so many sprites you actually think there's something going on that requires your attention in the upper-left of your screen.I won't touch on the story too much, since there's not much more you can say outside of convoluted, difficult to follow, but still dull as hell. Angels and demons are waging a war, you've been caught in the middle of it while attacking a demon ship, neither the angels nor demons like you, and you need to save the day while reuniting with your crew and befriending other citizens caught in the middle. It's not interesting, and if you skip through the dialog, I wouldn't blame you.All that being said, the game has enormous amounts of replay, unlockables, secrets, etc., with multiple ways to play. If you're a person that doesn't mind frustration, and enjoys the Metroidvania style of play, despite its numerous flaws, it's a solid game that will probably give you quite a bit of entertainment. If any of that doesn't appeal to you, I don't think you'll appreciate Valdis Story. The game has some great ideas, and moments of good fun and combat, but those moments are few and far between, and require enormous patience on the part of the player."
,Not Recommended,252030,8502149,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Solar Song Wanna Play Terraria,Totally doesn't worth it. How could you enjoyo the game if you cannot even play it? When shall they fix the white screen issues?
76561198166380746,Not Recommended,252030,28836246,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Negahog,"I wanted to love this game. I really did. I spent hours on it trying my hardest.This game is a gem. Beautiful visuals, a combat system thats easy to learn and very hard to master. Story is...not bad. Its bright, colourful, and a true metroidvania title. With all this praise, you may be wondering why I dont recommend it. Just one problem: time-based puzzles. This game has puzzles that are time-based and they're not optional. These are puzzles that require pixel perfect split second reflexes and you may often find yourself missing the goal by fractions of a second.If not for this aspect of it, I'd rate this game as high as it can get, but those brutal puzzles render the game nigh unplayable unless you got the aforementioned lightning-fast reflexes. I can't recommend this game to anyone unfortunately."
76561198020573470,Not Recommended,252030,34676072,Posted: 1 September,all,streetg850,"Let me start by saying, I hate doing this. I love this genre, it is one of my all time favorites, and have almost beaten or played every single one. There's the problem I have never ""not  recommeneded"" one yet, until now. This one made me rage more than any other one, and not because it was hard, the harder the better I love a challenge, but because of the utterly trash platforming mechanics. Once I got about a few hours in the jumps became so frustrating and completly unforgiving, and not because the platforming was hard, the core mechanics were simply frustrating. The whole combat was just not fun either. The only part I do like was that the bosses were a challenge until you change your equipment and magic to combat it. I wish I could recommend this game it has some gems, but the frustrating core mechancis just angered me. I want the challenge to be skill based where I can learn, like the boss fights in this game, but I can't fix the mechanics. This game is at least worth on sale for a bit of a time killer if you are a casual metroidvania player and need a new game to play, but other than that, hollow knight, dust, or the obvious classic castelvania metroid."
,Recommended,252030,8552113,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"Valdis Story takes a Metroidvania framework and adds technical combat, move-cancelling, timed block/parry and likeable characters that don't trap you in endless conversations loops.This is an action game and it shows.I found every single boss fight challenging (unlike Castlevania SotN where you can just SoulSteal past every boss), and the timed platforming challenges had me swearing at the screen every time I made a mistake, but were oh so satisfying once completed, and my skills were that much better as a result (not to mention the extra loot).The game has a unique potion system whereby potions are never lost when used, but refilled at a save point. They effectively act as continues, rezzing you automatically at the spot you died in the midst of the battle. It's really satisfying to find an extra potion as they are quite rare!The move-cancellation system is a real treat! At any time you can press down to cancel whatever you are doing. This can be to cancel out of a longer attack animation, or to recover after being hit. This also has the effect of hammering you towards the ground post haste, so can even be used to move around the levels quickly.Also once you hit the ground (or if you were already on the ground), you can immediately press left/right to dash in said direction! This is often used to get behind enemies that block from the front, or that are telegraphing overpowered attacks.Even when running from A to B, a quick 'down, forward' on the D-pad will give you a burst of speed to make the slight hesitation of pressing down worthwhile!The cancellation is on a 2 second timer so can't be abused after every single attack animation, but you can find/craft more charges, and learn skills that reset the charges.As you play the game you begin to transfer the cancel/dash and other moves to your muscle memory (the timed platforming sections are great for this, as while they start off easy enough, they soon become really challenging and require as many dashes and wall jumps as humanly possible).Once you are performing these technical moves on the battlefield, you feel like such a badass, dashing, dodging, countering, wall jumping, building combos and triggering assists from your 'party' (think of any recent fighting game that allows you to tag in a backup character for a second), or going all out in focus mode!There is no dodge rating or block percentage in this game; all skills must be performed by the player and timed perfectly for maximum results. Grinding can help to soften the edges of boss battles, but it's still on you to play well, especially once the timed platforming sections go from optional to compulsory, later in the game!All in all, Valdis Story is a great action platformer in the style of Metroidvania, and is the most fun I've had with a game since I replayed Castlevania: Symphony of the Night on PS1 (earlier this morning)."
,Not Recommended,252030,33254133,Posted: 4 July,all,Iron Curtain,"I met the creators of this product at a Microsoft-hosted convention in their quarters located in Times Square in NYC. So I really wanted to like this game. I love Metroidvanias, after all.Unfortunately, this game came up short. The controls are wobbly, the dialogue is amateurish, and the save points are far too spread out. Considering that you could get better Metroidvania games out there on Steam (e.g. Ori and the Blind Forest, Raba-ribi, and Hollow Knight), get those games instead of this one."
,Not Recommended,252030,24938033,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Melampyre,Too many design flaw if you play without following a guide.Seriously who came with the idea of the potion required to counter the zone's effect ? Having to restart from a 40min old save because you accidentaly ran into a boss unprepared while looking for a save point is beyond stupid...
76561197995407093,Not Recommended,252030,12308170,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Champion,"It'd be a fun game without all the dedication to wasting a player's time. For example, you can spend several minutes standing around waiting for mana to recover to heal yourself (particularly fun on levels where you lose 5 hp / second because it's cold). Often, missing a single jump means you fall off the current screen and have to fight two screens back to the same jump. If you want to collect items to upgrade your equipment, you'll be grinding for hours. The map doesn't show information like where passages go or what treasures you haven't collected. Then there's a ""puzzle"" where you jump back and forth up a long shaft and need split-second timing to activate seven different doors and missing one means starting all over - turns out you need some upgrade that I didn't even know existed.Other than wasting your time, the game often feels written by people who hate you. For example, save points are fairly uncommon, and then SURPRISE BOSS FIGHT. Or to enter the Guardian Temple, you fall into it - there is no sign you're about to go in, and no way to climb back out. Enter a room and SURPRISE four enemies are now all around you! (And yes, the doors are ""magically sealed"" for the ambushes.)And it's not like you can overlook these things because the game is particularly clever or cute or has a compelling story or characters. Basically, you're going to like this game if you like mastering rapid-fire key press combinations, but that's really all there is to recommend it."
76561198053949777,Not Recommended,252030,11111406,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ROM RAYTANDO,really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,252030,9568910,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,「X」,"Do not buy.The game looks good at first sight, it is a fast paced 2d action platformer, with an interesting aestethic and decent story, but the problems is with the gameplay.First of all, this game is hard, that in itself is not a problem, but the way the difficulty is implemented is. Several enemies can stunlock you, which results in one lucky attack causing you to die helplessly (or get knocked down 3 stages below). This is particularily annoying with certain bosses (Looking at you Gernot), since he uses stun spells,a bad spread of attack will get you killed through your whole lives since he can hit you as soon as your revive animation goes through to stun you again and keep the circle going.The controls are not very tight, firstly they have a weird setup to begin with, I highly recommen changing it (Down then forward to dash? Who ever though it would be good idea). The ledge jumping gets tedious as you'll never know if your character will decide to latch on or not, introduce enemies that shoot at you sometimes from anywhere in the map and you get some annoyance.Finally, the biggest problem of this game, the hitboxes are ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Enemy attack animations are only loosely representative of where you'll actually get hit, Demon Widows being the worst offender in this case. THis is a huge problem for a game like this, it sometime feels liek playing the old castlevania on the NES."
76561198068709394,Recommended,252030,7831693,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fuppa King,great game
,Not Recommended,252030,23794523,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Teru,"Nice graphics, good music... and that's it.The gameplay itself is fun at first, and it keeps being fun for a whole but as soon as you hit the fire temple you're done, perhaps you'll be done by the garden level depending on how much you can tolerate.Simply put, stun-locking and recoil will be the end of you.You'll be stun-locked by nearly everything in the game and often you'll not be given a chance to get out of it. The Garden Boss is especially annoying about this since the lower half of the arena is flooded with poison and if you get thrown down there he'll shoot projectiles all over the place effectively keeping you stuck down there till you die or get lucky enough to avoid the projectiles and wall-jump back up, and you better HOPE that you don't tap down by mistake because the Cancelling mechanic will shoot you straight down and you'll have to restart the climb.The fire temple is where I drew the line this time, it is extremely punishing, the enemies can kill you in just a single combo or two and if they don't get you, the fire damage will. I'm level 10 in there and the level cap is 20, keep that in mind too. The sensitivity of the ""cancel"" technique and how it shoots you downward if you even so much as graze the Down button makes this level a complete nightmare right away.Later on in the game you'll go through a series of gauntlets with pitfalls. If you fall down a hole you'll be thrown to the bottom floor, effectively resetting the gauntlets and forcing you to redo everything as all the monsters will respawn and the doors will lock. All of these enemies have super armour and will guard against almost everything and parry your attacks, not to mention the countles projectiles, long combos, and invincibility they get. Again, I have to mention the ""cancel"" technique as it will ♥♥♥♥ you over here too. If you mess up and tap Down by mistake here you'll be forced to do the whole gauntlet again.The game looks really nice, it sounds nice too, the story I couldn't care less about, but the gameplay, despite being really fun and promising at the start, becomes entirely composed of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t really early on without warning and without giving you the tools to fight it off. I can't recommend this game to anyone expecting a fun actiony Metroidvania title. If you have the patience of a saint and the perseverence of a God you can make it but normal people should stay away. This could easily be renamed ""Metroidvania: Kaizo 200%"" and it would be more fitting."
,Not Recommended,252030,11556733,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Scwire,meh
,Not Recommended,252030,30578548,Posted: 17 March,all,rekenner,"A solid game that makes the mistake that so many other games make that confuses wasting the player's time with difficulty and, in general, just does not respect the player's time."
,Not Recommended,252030,23570209,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mankanshoku,"The metroidvania style was the reason why I got the game, but was disappointed overall. Especially because the controls, the soundtrack is very bland as well."
76561198043453498,Not Recommended,252030,24800662,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Kique,"this game is broken for me,  it always lags and lose framerate i regret buying it"
,Not Recommended,252030,8499767,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sadface :(,"Oh my god, one of the worst games I ever played. The controls are beyond responsive, the story is even worse. Never again."
76561198031283774,Not Recommended,252030,12370504,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ctwmitch,"Comcept is good, but...........1) any useful skill other than skill cancel?2) double jump need magic?3) time count down stage..............than BOSS?!!!!!!4) magic? what is it for?5) .........................Not bad, but why can it get 83 mark?"
76561198048582382,Recommended,252030,7743552,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hammer Bro Andre,excellent and challenging
76561197965044333,Not Recommended,252030,9899540,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,$l@$h Puppy,"First off, I played this with a gamepad.Secondly, Iwantto like this game, but it won't let me.I want to enjoy the beautiful vistas, the amazing Secret Of Mana style music, the huge bosses and the metroidvania environment, but I can't because I'm continually being punished by the game. This is a metroidvania version of I Wanna Be The Guy. If you like that game, you're going to love this one since it's built on the same principles:* EVERY enemy is a cheap, multi-hit air-combo juggling spam-fest. If you fight more than three enemies at a time and they crowd you, it's better to simply put down your controller and wait for them to kill you. If you survive the encounter, your bad healing ability will have you wait five minutes before you can fight the next batch of enemies only to repeat the cycle. I can understand elites in a game, but when every single unit has the health and skills of an elite that invariably juggles you in the air until you die on NORMAL difficulty, then that's a problem.* Pitfall screens, so you're up three stories in a dungeon, you get hit by one of the enemies, you fall two screens down and have to climb back up. This is not fun, this is punishing.* This has been said a lot, but the jumping mechanics and mantling are really bad. Unless you hit just the right part of a wall, down you go again. Combine this with the level design that seems geared towards you falling into pitfalls and you have a really bad result.* This is especially infuriating when you have to do timed jump/run puzzles where your inability to properly walljump punishes you by having you redo the puzzle again. And really, these puzzles are insanely complicated in some instances.* Boss rooms aren't marked on the map, why is this a problem?Well, here is a typical flow of a quest in this game:1) Get a hint from someone to go somewhere.2) Navigate annoying pit-fall maze with juggling enemies that forces you to stop every ten minutes to heal.3) Get hard to get treasures with jump/run puzzles4) Save somewhere in the middle of the dungeon5) Navigate even harder pitfalls and environment hazards, get killed a few times.6) Get more treasures through puzzles, defeat more enemies, level a bit7) Stumble over boss room and realize boss is impossible for your current level.At this point, you can't quit the game. Either you defeat the boss and progress, or you lose ALL progress you've made since point 4 in the list above. Again, this is punishment,not because you're bad, but because the design decisions are bad.So after having played ten hours and gone through the same cycle over and over, I realized thatI wasn't having fun, I wasn't enjoying the scenery, I wasn't pondering the story. I was just focused on exploiting the AI and how to not get killed and that's really not my idea of fun in a game.And really, considering the fantastic world this game throws at you, it's a huge shame."
76561198039189577,Not Recommended,252030,25176101,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Syvere,"Frustrating combat...  Too many enemies that use abilities that stun lock you in place or chain attack you where you cant get out.  Thats just not fun.Did beat the game after having to drag myself to farm materials for spell and weapon upgrades and max level grinding.In the end its something I wont play again, it does have great art and music though."
,Not Recommended,252030,11496074,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,If You Talk Shit You're A Nerd,"Frustrating.  This game is frustrating.  Unless you sit down and play this game pretty much in one sitting, once you put it down you'll barely be able to figure out what to do when you come back to it.  There's nothing telling you where you left off and what you were doing so you kind of aimlessly run around trying to figure out where to go.  The control scheme is awful, and the micromanagement of your skills really over reaches the game's ability.  With the level progression skills you'd think this was Borderlands 3, but it isn't, it's a beautiful platformer that ultimately disappoints.  I don't know whether this game is a brawler with magic elements or a magic game with brawler elements.  If you can grab it cheap and you want a platformer this is fine, but don't expect it to be your game of the year, unless you're 12 or an absolute manchild."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,252030,11135895,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Blackcompany,"Beautiful game with great level design and fun combat. Unfortunately, the controls are terrible. Six useless buttons on the controller, and I still have to press down, then back to dodge? Really? Why not assign ""Dodge Back"" to a bumper button?And it gets worse from there. The game features truly terrible boss fights. Remeber all the unique combinations of abilities you can customize your character with, in order to create personalized fighting styles?Come boss fight time, that all goes out the window. There's one gimmick per fight. One right way. And usually it involves a whole lot of standing around doing nothing, waiting on the boss to finish some overlong animation and put up there part of the gimmick. Meanwhile you are just dodging...and sometimes watching a clock for a timer to run down so you can repeat some action for the fourteenth time per fight. To, you know, unlock the boss's vulnerable spot so you can hit it four times and repeat the entire sequence again.The game tries to be unique. In setting, style, combat, it pretty much manages. Then it wraps it all up in a package combing the absolute worst 80's and 90's platformers and asks you to like it anway.Avoid this game; hopefully the devs learn from the numerous mistakes present therein."
,Not Recommended,252030,22729154,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Shikyo,"4 hours in, already at the final city. Controls still feel super clunky. Game feels very linear compared to say SOTN, with the way they block areas with locked doors and bosses. SOTN does this, but with a muuch larger map and tons of other areas to choose to explore. This game seems very small. Maybe my expectations were incorrect, but I've been left dissapointed."
76561197976726188,Not Recommended,252030,14955695,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,YankeeBlueJeans,Sloppy♥♥♥♥♥controll dev ruined game after update runs slow and lags used to run great. Dont buy has abandoned.
,Not Recommended,252030,34843758,Posted: 9 September,all,*711,"A shallow experience, in story, graphics, mechanics, exploration, you name it… that tries to tackle a bunch of unnecessary RPG fluff but that ultimately gets more and more annoying as the game progresses with a very flawed gameplay that made me feel I had to fight against it rather than against the enemies.One thing that they did right were the boss fights... I've met 5 of them and except for the first ""tutorial"" one they were all enjoyable but even then, I'd be constantly fighting to get my character to do what I wanted but instead have her hook to walls mid jump, be punished while locked on a looooong attack animation or dash to her death… all incredibly frustrating.Don’t buy it for the story nor the graphics nor the mechanics nor the exploration but if even all of those are unimportant and you still find something that intrigues you about the title I’m confident the gameplay itself will make you forget about it quickly."
,Not Recommended,252030,12920027,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gg unit,"Non-descript gear, baddies, character and setting.Feels generic. Not terrible, just a little meh.4/10."
,Not Recommended,252030,16634999,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Literally just spent 15 minutes fighting a boss because it regenned health and blocked constantly from an impenetrable block.The game isn't bad up until you start to near the end, then there's no reason to even bother continuing to play because level caps out and all bosses become pure HP sponges.Button mashing platformer at its core.  I wanted to like it, but the controls are just too sloppy, and the design is meant to frustrate you on purpoes."
76561198043388752,Not Recommended,252030,30140247,Posted: 24 February,all,William Luther Pierce,"Game is alright, but my character with bleed build ran into a boss who was immune to bleeding. I couldn't be bothered to go find the respec guy and respec just for one boss and then spec back."
,Not Recommended,252030,10275473,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mister Magician,"This game wants to think it is a lot of things.I wants to think it is this great throwback experience to ARPGs of old.  It wants to evoke all kinds of memories games it cannot hold a candle to.Unfortunately for me, I have actually played those games.  Valdis Story is nothing like the games it is trying to emulate.  It's not even a good game in general.I can guarantee the people with a positive outlook on this game have never even touched this game's influences.Think of all the good things this game has.  The interesting fighting, the dodging, the soundtrack, the exploration.Think of all the bad things about this game.  The iffy controls, the stupid timers, the jumping puzzles, the wonky hitboxes.All those good things?  They were ripped right out of either Ys or Castlevania, albeit poorly and by someone who did not have the sheer presence of mind to understand what made those games good nor had the skill to execute them properly.  Then again most of the fans of this game must be too young to be familiar to those two game series; which is fine for the average indie gaming teen but not for me.  You people don't know what you are missing by not playing all these better games.  Seriously, pick up any Ys game past Ys 3 and any Castlevania past 2 and you will have basically the same game as this but actually made well.All those bad things?  That is all an Endless Fluff original.  Ys and Castlevania do have platforming in their games, but Konami and Falcom are a bit better at this whole game design thing than Fluff is.But who am I kidding.  Most of you are TF2 kids looking for a nostalgic trip back to a time you were not even alive for.  This game will do just fine for you if that is your perogative.If you know better, then just dig out your old games and save your money.I give this game a 2.5/10 on a true 10 point scale with 5/10 being an ""average"" grade.  This is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game so I will give it half of a passing score.I have half a mind to make the prescence of this game known to Konami and Falcom so Fluff can get sued into oblivion... if not for plagiarism, then for leaving a mark on the source material.  The other half of my mind hates me for getting suckered in for buying this trash.Fluff you Endless Fluff.  Fluff you."
76561197998049599,Not Recommended,252030,34118690,Posted: 8 August,all,Neji-kun,I prefer games that don't crash my computer on exit.
76561198025165191,Not Recommended,252030,31187950,Posted: 16 April,all,zjwillie,"Controls are a bit wonky, jump mechanic is frustrating. Combat is a bit on the easy side. Where do I go now? Not really worth the time. I wish I didn't have to give it a thumbs down. But would say 5/10. Maybe for 5 bucks would recommend."
,Not Recommended,252030,30070556,Posted: 20 February,all,wdavid376,rage game with no directions... still can't figure out how to use magic two hours in.. no tutorial to tell you how to play.. lots of wandering around getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by giant enemies... why the f*** are the big angels so hard to kill .. meh.. rage games are for little kids with more time than I have to put into this.. looks nice..
76561197977572219,Not Recommended,252030,7810247,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,NightShade,"You know what is good in a platform; tight controls.  You know what this game has, pretty graphics; it sure doesn’t have tight controls.  I haven't played a game since NES days that so absolutely refused to respond to simple button inputs like jump and attack.  I really wanted to like this games but I refuse to play a game whose difficulty is based on bad controls instead of challenging game play. Fail game is Fail."
,Not Recommended,252030,8488535,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,RenegadePronoun,"+ Beautiful art+ Enjoyable music- Tropetastic writingUltimately, I think a lot of people will enjoy this game -- it's just important to know what you're getting into.  I personally wish I hadn't bought this, but you might enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,252030,8158752,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Awesome Sauce™,"It's an alright game but there's way to much pointless platforming between combat/ quest related stuff. Alot of explorable areas leave you confused as to what you're supposed to be doing.You end up exploring 2-3 areas pointlessly with have maybe 6-7 things to kill only to realize this was the way you were supposed to go.Alot of boring, a good deal of these maps and areas could be removed to make a more fast paced, enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,252030,25095304,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chum dumpster,"On the surface it looks promising enough (Metroidvania games are pretty hard to screw up) but within an hour of playing it you'll start to sour on it. First you realise the controls are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Then you realize you have no idea where you're going or what you're doing. Then all at once you realise... you are playing what I've come to call a ""bad game"". The story is straight up high school edgelord ""what if angels and demons are both bad guys"" kind of writing, which is perfect inspiration to go find all your old notebooks and burn them for safety's sake. In this game you play as some cretin who is a mixture of demons and angels or some crap (see Diablo III) and you go around a confusing map fighting pallet swaps of enemies for 6-8  hours and then you uninstall it. I guess there's other characters and difficulties you can unlock if you don't have anything better to do, and if this happens to be the only computer game your circus ringleader lets you play, because you are a dumb ♥♥♥♥ing idiot clown. Bonus points for a late area where you're constantly poisoned and the entire screen has a lovely bright neon green filter on it, which is great if you're the kind of person who is dissatisfied with the amount of migraines you suffer while playing your video games."
,Not Recommended,252030,7893628,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Norintha,Terrible terrible controls mar an already 5/10 game.  All the puzzles are variations on press button/pull level and run while a just long enough counter goes down.  Skip and pick up the far superior La-Mulana instead.
76561198091547675,Not Recommended,252030,30894421,Posted: 1 April,all,bEEFSTOCK,"Seriously, the first few levels of any game should not be this difficult. I purchased the game about a year ago...never could beat the yetti. Thats like, the first boss. Health bar is way to large on the very first boss. Just kind of sucks because I like the game enough to try once in a while but after 10 or 15 attempts I just call it quits. Ive played tons of platformers and this is just dissapointing... don't buy, save yourself the frustration."
,Not Recommended,252030,29387311,Posted: 20 January,all,KungFuJesus11,It's like I'm playing through someone's bad deviantart
,Not Recommended,252030,8495350,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Deus Sinistro,"Do not buy, game is incredibly broken and doesnt work 90% of the time. It slows down to a crawl and the developers don't seem to know why. I suggest you wait until it leaves Alpha status."
,Not Recommended,252030,8253089,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sham,"I cannot say anything good about the game. It's good if you like arcade typegames like Metal Slug, only with swords, but since when has Metal Slug with swords worked properly? It actually LOOKS like that and achieves far less than Metal Slug does."
,Not Recommended,252030,30549430,Posted: 16 March,all,Shizzleophrenia,buy hollow knight instead
76561198370231644,Not Recommended,252030,31191355,Posted: 16 April,all,OniKasai,"TERRIBLEwarning 20 fps, slow combat movement"
76561198056095021,Not Recommended,252030,32715991,Posted: 24 June,all,FatalOVERDOSE,"Another junk ""game."""
,Recommended,252030,9699342,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,SafetySpoon,A very well done game. I look forward to more from EndlessFluff
,Recommended,252030,9700918,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Rummy,"Imagine a cross between Castlevania, Metroid, and Devil May ♥♥♥♥ You. This game is hard, like sweating from my eyeballs hard. It will make you cry, unless of course you cheat and look up stuff. You need to use everything you've got and be extremely careful when playing this game because you're going to die. To explain Dark Souls is trial and error and patiance, this game is just get good and be good.The movement feels slightly floaty, and I would completely recommend using a controller instead of keyboard and mouse. Combat and gameplay other wise feels great. Magic feels great comboing with other attacks, and enemy responses are great too. The one huge flaw in this game is a lack of downtime. If you get hit, you're going to be hit again. Enemies can and sometimes will combo YOU as a player. Even the enviroment will do this. killing you instantly. It's frustrating how almost everything in this game throws you into unexcapable knockback, from ranged damage to a lack of mana to cast spells you will suffer knockback.Platforming is a 6/10Combat is a good 8.5/10It's a weird but fun genre."
76561197983797264,Recommended,252030,9730591,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Hamburger La Hamburger,"A hidden gem, hours of challenging fun"
,Recommended,252030,8494756,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Yanya,"I barely made it trough the bosses in this game... But for some reason I got the highest possible rank on the last boss.... Gotta be those dual blades.I know you don't give a ♥♥♥♥, but I just wanted to share this story."
76561198018979485,Recommended,252030,10401531,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Smileyspoon,My question is where is the 2nd one for this game?  Should be another one for sure I think
,Recommended,252030,8545395,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Bandit Keith,It's a good thing I'm not Bruce Banner.
76561198045553464,Recommended,252030,10228942,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Greshen,My favorite Action-Platformer RPG!
76561198043868341,Recommended,252030,10733980,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lewmaster04,very good combat and control scheme. story is quite good especially for this genre as well. def worth the asking price.
,Recommended,252030,8565614,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Holiday Reaper,"(I have not yet completed this game and this is thus only a first impressions review)One of the most fun and prettiest 2D platformers I've played in recent memory.The game is a 2D beat em' up platformer, mixing combat with nice and fun to explore enviroments, that reward you for taking your time to look around (and often also test your speed).The boss fights are unforgiving but seem fair and very fun to play. Even when I've died multiple times to the same boss I never feel cheated or loose interest in the game, I want to get back in and prove my skill.The game is not afraid of shoving bosses at you from the very start, with a nice balance in difficulty, where even normal might prove a challenge for you if you're not used to this type of game. The music is simply beautiful, and fit well into the games atmosphere.For me the game was worth it's price and I almost can't wait to play more of it. The only thing I've been missing is co-op, which is a very small complaint, if you can even call it that, since it's just me wanting to share experience that is this game with some friends.(Should most definitely be played with a controller)"
76561197978374804,Recommended,252030,8565733,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Faded Tiger,"Amazingly fun game, one fo the first metroidvania games that is actually continualy fun. The graphics are awsome the gameplay is smooth and fun, the rpg elemnts are rather deep and the story is quite origional. Fun & challenging bosses among other things. Check it out!"
76561197970616802,Recommended,252030,8566141,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fenris Hero,"Short and sweet: Metroidvania.  Some kind of story that is apparently ongoing.  Giant talent trees, good combo system, a combat system that is completely unforgiving of poor play, but makes you feel like a total badass when you master it.   Good music, unique art style (I personally like the sprites and levels, but dislike the portraits).Warning: You need a gamepad to play it right.It's a hard but fair metroidvania.  You like that, you will be happy you spent a mere 15 dollars on it."
76561198043022518,Recommended,252030,8566202,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Frajer,"One of the best games I've played in a while. It is sometimes frustrating, but ultimately satisfying. A great metroidvania game with an appealing art style and a fun combat system combining spells and attacks. I look forward to playing through the game again when more characters are added."
76561198006310957,Recommended,252030,8566844,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,inzane22,I'm not used to twitchy combat ala Devil May Cry and Ninja Gaiden. This just goes to show that 2-D doesn't mean the action is simple. It's like Dust on steroids.
76561198044002003,Recommended,252030,8568073,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dunden17,"some of the later bosses will tear your balls off, light your pubes on fire, pour lemon juice in your wound, and force you to eat your own testicles while pouring a mixture of sriracha, habaneros, and ghost peppers down your nostrils.10/10"
76561198022900756,Recommended,252030,8569147,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Olivon,Valdis Story is an excellent troidvania game.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,252030,8548560,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tetrafluoride,"A great metroidvania game, with a decent skill tree. Combat seems to rely a little hevily on mashing the attack button, but boss battles are intense. Being able to chane magic on the fly helps out too."
,Recommended,252030,8551790,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,CrX,This game will be our little gem in 2014!Buy it now!
,Recommended,252030,8552517,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,AussieLokken,Is rly good
,Recommended,252030,8553840,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mason,A very Castlevania-esque platformer. And a pretty good one at that.Must have if you enjoy metroidvania's.
,Recommended,252030,8554536,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fooberichu,"2D scrolling platformer + RPG, so far engaging story and fun combat mechanics.  Semi-frequent ""save-points"" allow for a small playing time if necessary, or just keep it up and play longer.  The game feels almost circa 90's Castlevania-esque.  Musical score fits the game perfectly and aids in immersing the player in the overall story.  A must for fans of old school gaming."
,Recommended,252030,8666772,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,zeroedgeir,"Quite an awesome Metroidvania-style game. Storyline is kinda cool, combat is smooth (better with a gamepad, for sure), you get a fair bit of choice and option when it comes to playstyle with either of the current two playable characters.Looking forward to the other characters being unlocked soon! Definitely recommen for anyone who is a fan of the genre."
76561197964077977,Recommended,252030,8657425,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cpt. Wätscheinafeyce,"Great Game!If you like metroidvania games with combat similar to DmC in 2D, this one's for you. The closest game to in on pc in resent history would be Dust: An Eylsian Tail (also a good game).Besides of a few issues I liked pretty much everything the game does. Stunlock by enemies, no inviciblity frames after a hit and sometimes infuriating plattforming can get annoying at some points in the game."
,Recommended,252030,8658177,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,RaefGall,"This is a great metroid-vania style game with a lot of fun and strange characters. The biggest problem with it is the sheer amount of items that can be permanently missed, where I feel this genre really relies on being able to backtrack and explore at any time."
,Recommended,252030,8661946,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,masturbator【👑】,"its a good game with good music. i only wish that when you display the map layout, it would be a little more detailed. id like to know where the shops are without losing my♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to go everywhere to find it."
,Recommended,252030,8534273,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Teh_turk,Pixel Metroidvania
,Recommended,252030,8534660,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SeraphimJulius,"An amazing metroidvania type game. Excellent 2d graphics. If anything else, get this just for the awesome soundtrack that accompanies  it."
,Recommended,252030,8535741,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,seshiri54,"Fun game that reminds me of Symphony of the Night. I like playing it. I also like that it doesn't hold your hand, and you have to figure stuff out for yourself when it comes to bosses. Graphics and story are intriguing as well. You should play it!"
,Recommended,252030,8536463,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MrZeebub,"This game is really good.  Tight controls, fun to play."
,Recommended,252030,8526558,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Radical_Dreamer,"Very good Castlevania-esque gameplay, fun combat and good story."
76561198010731480,Recommended,252030,8526792,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,chillinpunk,Great side scroller with decent challenge and nice RPG elements!
,Recommended,252030,8526864,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Zaxys,"I haven't played much yet, but it is awesome. It feels like iI am playing Megaman Zero. Awesome game. 5/5"
,Recommended,252030,8527157,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Khargon,"Great metroidvania style game, I have played it almost non-stop since I bought it. If you love Metroidvania games and do not own this yet. I advise you to buy it while it's still on sale."
76561198042112151,Recommended,252030,8527905,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rainbow Pancake,"Great game, really fun. You should totally buy it."
76561198006149910,Recommended,252030,8528605,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Shadow of Zero,"A very enjoyable platform/brawler rpg. There are a few minor issues with the game such as a sub optimal mini map and overly utilized buttons, but it is enjoyable to play. Also incredibly challenging if you set it past the lowest difficulty. (I've only had two bosses I haven't needed to do retries for outta like 9 so far)"
,Recommended,252030,8528835,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Moomoopicklenut,If you liked castlevania symphony of the night then check this out....Enjoyed what time I got on it so far can't wait to finish!!!  Might have to skip hanging out with the girl to play!
76561198023012671,Recommended,252030,8530759,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,chris cappuchan,"love this game, reminds me of castlevania symphony of the night. If you enjoy metrovania games than you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,252030,8539730,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Full Metal Jackass,"One of the best 2D action/platform available in the market. Can't believe it is an indie game !  Good level design, creative visuals -yet very anime inspired-, very interesting ennemies, challenging but fair. A true gem, the new Cave Story !"
76561198024242507,Recommended,252030,8542235,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ghost-lit,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA*deep breath*AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
76561198003736849,Recommended,252030,8543899,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,VictoryPoos,pretty sweet
76561198066603054,Recommended,252030,8544147,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,burchum37,If you like side scrolling action games like the old metroids or castlevania's then you should definitely pick this game up. There are 4 character that will be unlocked (currently 2) with more story coming out when they get it ready. This game was A BLAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,252030,8544148,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SkeletonSteven,"I'm still in the process of beating it, but OMG! This is one of my favorite games! It's so fun!"
,Recommended,252030,8545576,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,(Shin) Rhyme Wilder (Shin),"I like this game. It's like a metroid-vania after taking karate lessons.Plus, the hand-drawn-esque art style runs surprisingly well on my old laptop.It's hard, but not like megaman hard. Long as you figure out how to kinda dodge and a little luck, you're ok.I managed to play it for like an hour without realizing I'd chosen the girl one.Oh and theres magic.9/10"
,Recommended,252030,8545910,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,kelliott125,Only about 45 minutes in but so far I'm really enjoying it. The gameplay is fun and the hand drawn(?) graphics are wonderful. I would recommend playing this with a controller. It became a much better experience after I switched from the keyboard. The music is very fitting to the game and each scenario. Very well done. I like it so far :)
,Recommended,252030,8547698,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,AchyBreakyBen,A really solid Metroidvania style game. Beautiful artwork and a great Action-RPG combat system.
,Recommended,252030,8519958,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Frosileon,fun but hard to follow story.
,Recommended,252030,8521960,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Genocidocles,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,252030,8522338,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fujiewaranosai,A light hearted 2D sidescroller. Very simplified and worth the money.
,Recommended,252030,8522408,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Retr0,"If you love Castlevania : Symphony of The Night to Playstation and Super Metroid to Super Nintendo then this game's for you.It's a combination of the jumping and searching for secrets from both of them in a huge world and lot's of atmosphere and cute graphics. It might not be the most awesome game in the world with the most advanced graphics, but it's functional with a great gameplay.Definitely worth a the money, so i just say...Buy & Try!"
76561198036393876,Recommended,252030,16540091,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Grand Mugwump,"Absolutely amazing 2D action platformer, but it's challenges are not for the weak of heart."
,Recommended,252030,16630521,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JornVerschelde,"If you're even remotely a fan of Metroidvania's, this game is a must-play"
76561198201731547,Recommended,252030,17467899,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,bloodironbeer,"Very solid, fun game with good mechanics, nice character diversity, and an engaging battle system. Lacks on story and true epic depth, but it's a fun and engaging game."
,Recommended,252030,7539581,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,GreenEyedMonster,Amazing throw back to side scrolling fighters of yore. A deep combat system and ridiculously difficult boss fights/duels. The game is down right fun and frustrating in all the right ways.
,Recommended,252030,17623670,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,davecasillo,no doubt get it
,Recommended,252030,17497549,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Satanais,YES. THANKS
,Recommended,252030,13641065,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,~^FC^~,"My favorite action platformer / metroidvania that I've played. The combat is great and the controls are very responsive. Has a few RPG elements (skill trees / stat allocation, varying equipment, etc.) and currently has 2 characters to play as (with 2 more to come, hopefully soon, though I don't mind the wait seeing as the devs are only 2 people). Also particularly enjoyed the soundtrack by Zack Parrish. The devs have certainly valued quality over quantity here. Definitely one of the more difficult games out there, but all the more satisfying."
76561198041984699,Recommended,252030,13785409,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Silver Salvation,"Do you want to tell yourself ""Man, I really over came that challenge with skill and had a tonne of fun while doing it?"" Well don't play this game. 90% of the bosses scenarios and enemies feel like you are simply up against unfair borderline cheating. Did you dodge that super blade? Nope! Did you grab that wall? NOPE! did you enjoy yourself? NOPE! This is seriously on the edge of I wanna be the boshy, except the controls feel like they simply do not care what button you are pressing at key moments. if the game wants you to take a hit when you are hitting the dodge button YOU ARE going to take the hit. Does the game decide you can't wall just out of the poison? Well guess what it doesn't matter how many times you hit that button you aren't jumping out of the poison. Aditionally this should have come with a quick reset button.(Edit) It does come with a reset option HOWEVER you must1 go to the main menu2 hit retry3 make sure you have the gear you want to use, because if you change your gear mid fight, it doesn't remeber it.4 Dodge the obnoxious fast Boss risking losing an S ranking becuase you need to pause instantly to change stuff.All that aside you CAN have fun with it, however I do not suggest going in blind. look at strategies, look at how other people do, and then try it for yourself.----------Summary------------If you like the ""I wanna be the -"" Games play it, you may enjoy it. If you like Punishing grueling teeth grinding games Play it! If you want a 2d version of darksouls Give it a whirl! But if you want a game that you can simply enjoy without developing a brain tumor, stay away.(side note) this game doesn't lead you anywhere, you can miss VERY important things by going straight to the objective. This is a great part of the game. Punishment is the key word here and I suggest you are ready to be punished like a masochist before playing this game."
,Recommended,252030,13855879,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,CPA | Dance Commander,Metroidvania yes2d Devil May Cry yesUnderrated gem
76561198025553799,Recommended,252030,13889058,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NIGGA PLZ!,Great Game lots of fun has a castlevania feel
,Recommended,252030,7576079,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Akhorishaan,A very good game for anyone who enjoys platformer RPGs similar to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night or Super Metroid
76561198063080179,Recommended,252030,14788532,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SamoaWrithe,"I love this game, its fun to play and looks well even without fullscreen or on low graphics setting. Has a small non intrusive story. That is, it wont talk forever, Its more gameplay than reading. Has some slight drawbacks like relying on boss patterns to stunlock/juggle the player and make them feel useless or unable ot fight, not that bosses show up randomly adds to that. However you can purposely lose and retry for a better fight after you learn them. Better fights inturn give better rewards so have fun with that. I love exporation and active battle. The player will never have the first hit on an enemy pawn or boss so meh, annoying and less immersive. level cap is a bit low but eh, dont need to waste time grinding."
76561197988491149,Recommended,252030,14786319,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dildo Baggins,very hardcore and addictive game recommend for castlevania+dmc fan
76561198076038491,Recommended,252030,14526615,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,icecage05,"I have 116 hours on record (lol, I accidentally left the game on a few times)I have played this game quite a bit though, and it is a very nice game, reminiscent of Symphony of the Night imo.The combat is smooth, responsive, and tight. This is the main focus of the game so this should be the strongest point about the game, and it is.The skill trees are pretty nice. I went for a ""Holy Tank"" build but you can be a ""Rogue"" type or a ""Wizard"" type as well, so there is room for customization. The story/dialogue is decent.The graphics are crisp and look great.For 15 dollars I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,252030,14713650,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ripsteakface,"Engaging, challenging, and has a great soundtrack."
76561198028320379,Recommended,252030,14466407,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,jrchastek,"Beautiful graphics, great options for customization and great replay value."
,Recommended,252030,14630418,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,k1ll,This game is p. cool.
76561198027435960,Recommended,252030,14630477,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rowdy Cloudy,A chunkier feeling Castlevania title that is less about platforming and more about combat. Excellent adventure to have.
76561197992045176,Recommended,252030,14675563,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The Baron,"This has been one of my favorite games in a long time.  Great music, great art, and I'll always be a sucker for the Metroidvaina genre.  The controls were particularly good, took me some effort to master, but they were so solid that I could do so.  Kinda nice to play a game again where I'm swaing my torso and pushing my controler to the side in the desperte hope it'll give me that one more inch to reach the next platform.I'm excited to play it through again with the other characters.  They've already sold me on their next installation."
76561198071422698,Recommended,252030,14730088,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,monchopx,Amazing 2d sidescroller. If you are into metroidvanias or 2d action game this one is a must have.
,Recommended,252030,9188267,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Smooth Trooper,"One of the most fun games of this genre I have ever played. Definately fills the void since Symphony of the Night. If you're looking for a great metroidvania and a solid all around entertaining game, most certainly give this one a shot."
,Recommended,252030,9191577,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Chill,"Great action, old school combats and RPG features."
76561198021918591,Recommended,252030,7615498,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,JayFreeStyle,"Great platform game! Reminds me of Castlevania SOTN. Spells, items, levels, the works. And it's an indie developer and relatively inexpensive."
76561198015616767,Recommended,252030,9266451,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Bingee,a good Metroidvania style game with slick visuals and rockin' tunes!
,Recommended,252030,9267670,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,voli,"Solid Metroidvania with more emphasis on combat system.Pros:-Enough content  to keep you hooked for solid chunks of time.-Replayability - 2 classes available right now, another 2 planned to be released-Art style is easy on the eyeCons:-♥♥♥♥♥♥ map/minimap -no level geometry represented on there, only squares. Easy to get lost if you don't have a good memory.-Weak leveling aspects of the game - most of the talents are boring/fillers-There are no dinosaurs in this game"
76561198052873178,Recommended,252030,9087537,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Desmond,"As someone who still refuses to touch Castlevania: Symphony of the Night due to it not being a classic Castlevania title, I had my prejudices about this title when it was advertised to me as another Metroidvania game. Boy, am I glad I decided to give it a go.This game has got it all. Appealing graphics, good story, superb combat system, great RPG elements... the list goes on. Pretty much the only bigger minus I could possibly give are the controls that might drive new players nuts at first with the precision required in this game (Hi, Engineer's Palace!) The game is still playable and ""finished"" as such, but there's still more to come in the form of patches. Would definitely want to see more items in this game as the weapon choices are really few and limited and with most accessory items the cons outweigh the pros and you will find only the god-slaying item being the only decent one. In this version it's mainly the armors that offer you a variety of choices against different foes.A big plus has to be given to the variety of spells in the game. Sure, you will not end up using many of them at all throughout the playthrough, but it's awesome how they have managed to come up with such a variety of different combat spells and numerous spells that you need to use cleverly to complete many of the puzzles.This game is definitely worth the money and even more. Eagerly looking forward to more awesome games from Endlessfluff games if they are anywhere near as good as Valdis Story."
,Recommended,252030,9199669,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,The Darkest of Lords,"HORRIBLE story/dialog, but EXCELLENT gameplay, graphics, and music. Playing this game was a joy all the way to the end, as long as I remembered to skip all the dialog. Hire a proper writer/proofreader, and this company could truly create a masterpiece."
,Recommended,252030,9171504,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,i3anaan,"Fantastic game, was hesitating to buy it at first since I did not heard of it before, in the end bought it as I usually like metroidvania. It looks absolutely beautiful, has great music, a perfect story (not boring, not too complicated) and amazing gameplay. I actually did a second run (with a different character, which felt completely different) right after I finished it the first time, on a harder difficulty. During that run I found out I did not had a clue about the combat before, which is what makes the gameplay so good. It is very easy to understand at the start, but still very deep. Basicly it has everything you want from a metroidvania game. Easily my best purchase during those sales. 10/10"
,Recommended,252030,9176940,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Leven,"What we have here is a really well-drawn metroidvania with a neat comboing system, intelligent RPG elements and a pretty damned good story. It's still got some things missing, though- there are more characters coming, and still a few kinks to work out, but on the whole it's a pretty excellent game.Let's break it down.+good visuals+distinctive style+easy basic controls+feels good to smack things around+lots of boss battles+extra stuff for the determined+a solid story and dialogue that doesn't make you cringe+more content is on the way-but ""on the way"" is not ""here"".-you want me to get HOW big of a combo for an S-rank?-don't judge me I did fine shut up-♥♥♥♥ angels. Seriously.-SERIOUSLY.-stop teleporting out of my maserful genius air combos you damn sissy-oh god there's lightning everywhere and now my attacks don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-retryretryretryretryretry-god♥♥♥♥ingdammit can't i just turn the damn potions off if they're getting in the way of my perfect rank+YES ♥♥♥♥ YOU I DID IT YEAH HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT+damn that felt good-oh eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥you ♥♥♥♥ing ice shield ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s come out here and fight like a man"
,Recommended,252030,7527073,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Zalchion,
,Recommended,252030,8593633,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Silence,"Excellent metroidvania type of game that allows you to pick from multiple characters(classes) to play, offers a wide variety of spells and abilities to use, and has a talent/perk system similar to offense, defense, or sorcery. Great art style and soundtrack and the bosses are challenging. The game rewards exploration with useful loot and other items or upgrades."
76561198096728603,Recommended,252030,8595823,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Rumpelstiltskin,...
,Recommended,252030,8603228,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Justegarde,"Amazing game that recalls the greatness of the 16-bit era. Amazing music, colorful art style, fun to play and explore, very satisfying. I haven't been this in love with a Metroidvania since Super Metroid.There's a ton of depth to the character progression system with several viable types of builds (magic, melee, high damage, high survivability, etc.). The item crafting system also allows you to augment your play style; it reminds me a lot of the Souls series, actually. Certain NPCs that you meet or unlock with be able to further upgrade your gear and skills, and the incentive for exploring the world is finding them and fiding ingredients you can give them to boost your character.This game is a very worthy buy, and will be especially resonant if you grew up on the SNES as it harkens the action-adventure and RPG games of that period while using contemporary design to enhance the ideas it borrows.One of the best games of 2013."
76561198026910604,Recommended,252030,8562518,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Tom Bombadil,"Sloppy controls, unfair, poorly thought out enemy placement, unbalanced opponenets, and poorly designed combat situations leaving you to reload at a save point 30minutes+ back if you took too many hits on the way to the boss that you didn't know was coming. This game has alot of potential if only it had the effort that was put into its appearence put into its level design. despite all of its flaws however there are aspects of the game that are truely well done, the exploaration and the puzzle/treasure rooms are well put together, over all dispite its lack in certain areas it is a very rewarding game 7.5/10"
,Recommended,252030,8616390,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,illuminati01,"Big time game companies need to start taking notes and making examples from this game. This game is amazing, and worth every penny. I'll be playing this one for a very long time.The story is amazing, the graphics are good, and the gameplay is OMG. Amazing. I love it. Just quit reading and buy this."
76561198049161447,Recommended,252030,8617947,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Star Slayer,This is a great and lovingly crafted Metroidvania with unusually high replay value. Be warned though: It can be a bit frustrating at times until you learn how everything works and where everything is.
76561198042294222,Recommended,252030,8491434,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Espoire,Traditional Castlevania/Metroid gameplay with a lighthearted feel. It's fun and very challenging on the highest difficulties.
,Recommended,252030,8492368,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Surfsideryan,awesome.
76561197994985215,Recommended,252030,8492922,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Legrend,"An amazing metroidvania style game.  The combat and controls are fluid and crisp, and the game offers various styles of play through charcters, weapons, armor, and talents.  Hope they make another!"
,Recommended,252030,8494379,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DoomedCivilian,"This game is a pretty awesome metroidvania clone.If you like those type of games, you owe it to yourself to get this one."
,Recommended,252030,8495063,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dethrax,Hard as ♥♥♥♥ but worth it!
76561198030725683,Recommended,252030,8496450,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ryleck,"Very cool game castlevania style with very good graphics, controls perfect and full of rpg element for all fan of action rpg side-scrolling !!!"
,Recommended,252030,8496702,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jikosei,"It's a Metroidvania with stats, skill trees and multiple characters. Enough said."
,Recommended,252030,8496720,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jay,su much fun. so less price! BUY IT!
,Recommended,252030,8496850,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,POWER Surge,"Finally, a 2D Side scroller that's totally worth it!I love the art, the sound, and the music. Characters look really cool, not just main characters, but enemies and towns people too. I recommend this highly if you are looking for a nice side scroller with alot of Hack-n-Slash."
,Recommended,252030,8497258,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sialis,"Holy crap this game is AMAZING. Awesome platforming RPG action, tough boss fights, lots of exploration, amazing combo/skill system. Wow."
76561198001632974,Recommended,252030,8485866,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ironymous Bosch,The controls are a little finicky sometimes and it's a little short but otherwise its a pretty good game.
,Recommended,252030,8486193,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jaktajj,It's like someone went into my mind and made the game of my dreams..... and by 'the game of my dreams' I mean 'Castlevania: Symphony of the Night'. Hell of a game. HELL OF A GAME!
76561198051962585,Recommended,252030,8488084,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TheDAN,such an awesome game a total must play if you like the metrovania genre
,Recommended,252030,8488213,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Double Banana,Great art and music. Fast gameplay with smooth animations during combos. Linear but still  customizable tech tree. Crank up the difficulty for your enjoyment.
76561198049858400,Recommended,252030,8488274,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Scilin,"This game is incredible, very advanced combat mechanics for its deceptively simple looking gameplay a solid difficulty curve, great graphics and an amazing sound track the only downside is you really do need a stick or controller to properly play it, if you're a fan of the metroidvania sub-genre you have to buy this game."
,Recommended,252030,8488863,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dark,"Love this game, has a few minnor problems, but its way fun!"
76561198018917665,Recommended,252030,8490606,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CHON,"So fun, really well done, great music, great people behind it!"
,Recommended,252030,8570576,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,John Galt,"This game is an incredibly entertaining time killer. Story is pretty solid, generic, but solid. Gameplay is fantastic, with lots of unlockables and tons of variety as far as building your characters. Castlevania/rogue legacy type gameplay, with lots of hidden things to unlock. Strongly recommend."
76561198010602059,Recommended,252030,8556627,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Problem Child,"if you like the metroidvania series, you'll love this game"
76561198018388563,Recommended,252030,8558553,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kingrelic,"Awesome game, this is the only platformer game that i have not put it on the hardest difficulty and breezed through, i actually have been playing on normal and finding it very challenging.  The game play is solid but i do have to point out that the controls are scheme could have been done alot better then what they have, if they fixed it, it would (in my opinion) could get a 4.5 out of 5.0 instead i give it a 3.5 out of 5.0"
,Recommended,252030,8559077,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,UncleBuds,This is an amazing game. Its a great Metroidvania style game with a good combat system and an even better art style
,Recommended,252030,8559306,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Killtastic,"Its been a long time since i've played a half way decent side scroller rpg. This game has really fluid movements and the beautiful character art and backgrounds. I'd say all this game is missing is a decent double jump, it does offer you a wall jump; but even with my responsive keyboard it just doesnt do justice. Also this game really does dump a lot of information on you about skills, spells and items but doesnt really do anything to explain them or how to use them. I'm not asking for a step by step tutorial, but it did take me quite awhile to get used to the combos and how the play actually works. Other then that its a very fun fast paced side scroller beat em up."
,Recommended,252030,8561265,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,pmiller08,"Valdis Story: Abyssal City is absolutely incredible.+Difficult-yet-rewarding platforming and combat.You actually feel accomplished when you get to a hard-to-reach area or beat a hard-to-defeat boss.+Interesting story.I found myself reading the text instead of skipping it.+Different characters/weapons/armor/skills/etc.to allow different playstyles.+Beautiful visuals and fluid animations.There are nice little touches like your character shivering in a cold area.+Fantastic music.+Great level design, exploration is encouraged.There are places you won't be able to get to at first, but you'll later find keys to open doors and learn spells that allow you to reach new areas and probably get some nice loot!+Controls!I've been playing with a controller and it works for 100% of the game (so I'm not sure why it's listed as having only ""Partial Controller Support"") and the controls are great.I immediately started a second playthrough when I finished it the first time, which is a good indicator of how much I enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,252030,8561324,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Moofacer,"The best thing about this game is its combat; it's so fluid and uninterrupted. And the combat changes all the time depending on the situation and how you've built your character. There are so many different ways to customize your experience. The difficulty is great; hard, but not infeasibly so.My only complaint is that it appears fairly short, but releases/updates are still coming out for it, so I can see myself sinking in more hours as they progress."
,Recommended,252030,8506919,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,emmermonster,This is the first metroidvania type game that I played after I stopped sucking at videogames. It's pretty fun.
,Recommended,252030,8509512,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cress,"I've just bought this game expecting a mix of hack and slash and castlevania-like levels and exploration, and Valdis Story did not fail to surpass my expectations. Besides the beautiful graphics, the combat is solid and addicting and the levels rewards exploration, granting you both common and rare items from hidden chests. The only thing that I didn't find so consistent about the game is the difficulty curve in some bosses: You are in a level, destroying everything in your way, and suddenly, the area's boss kick your♥♥♥♥♥so fast, you keep pondering what just happened. Fortunately, after dying a lot, you memorize the boss' paterns and retalliate accordingly. Anyways, I would recommend this game for any fans of the old Metroid/Castlevania games."
76561198003595209,Recommended,252030,8510710,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Luxifer,Very good action side scrolling game. Wont regret getting it.
,Recommended,252030,8511755,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Briarfox,"In a field strongly crowded with mediocre platformers, Valdis Story delivers a fresh and formidable experience that rewrites the formula rather then just rehashing it. Challenging, Castlevania-esque gameplay rewards patience and practice while DMC style combo focused combat helps deliver not only a  gauge of your skill, but immedeate gratification when a new fight pattern is mastered.There is challenge and replayability aplenty, as well. Follow the story, or go exploring. Certain areas may start off limits geographically, but there are plenty of challenging areas accessable right off the bat, whose only barrier to entry is your ability not to get killed.Add this to a well written and unique story, snappy controls, a brilliant original soudtrack, and you wind up with a can't miss title."
,Recommended,252030,9557780,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Gerald Bumplefump,"I really am enjoying this action-platformer. With a controller this game plays great. Lots of varying difficult levels out there for the sadist and tons of things to collect in game for the collectors out there.If you're looking for an inexpensive indie platformer, you've found it!"
76561198023022431,Recommended,252030,9604719,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,8in8i,VERY INTRESTING!
,Recommended,252030,9798776,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,[FAZE]OpTic|Yung 这是约翰 ( ᐛ )バカ 外人,great skill-based indie beat-em-up
,Recommended,252030,9142816,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,loezix,Rep +1
,Recommended,252030,9286219,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ariah,"A beautifully animated sidescrolling metroidvania action RPG. Lots of attention to detail, for instance, different skill trees for each character."
,Recommended,252030,9273291,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,snot,sidescroller beatemup done in a metroidvania style not too different to guacamelee
76561197980010878,Recommended,252030,9436005,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Regret and Redemption,"Beautiful music, detailed animations and art style, and gameplay to leave you breatless and with sore thumbs :PAlot of heart went into this title - you can ""feel"" it as you play, and as you listen to the music. I seriously hope they work on the other 2 characters, or consider expanding the series with other titles, I would like to follow this story further.Easily worth the money - in fact, cant help but feel the devs are getting ripped off at the current sale price."
,Recommended,252030,9135737,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sadface,"Valdis Story is a fun little Metroidvania style game, with a fairly solid combat and levelling system.The visuals are incredibly pretty, and the music is decent as well (though not amazing).The problem with this game is that it implements a few story branches that will majorly affect certain 'safe zones' getting cleared of NPCs. Often there is no clear way of knowing how your actions will or won't affect what happens later. Nothing is TOLD to you, you just have to get there by luck and a little bit of knowing what's going on.Finding your way around can be a total pain as well. You have a map, but you can't switch the map to scan other zones for unexplored areas. You have to physically go to those zones to check for things you've missed.The other problem is that the story is ultimately a little muddled and I'm not given any reason to truly care about any of the characters - not even the protagonist. There is nothing that makes anybody particularly memorable or loveable. They exist, and you can talk to them, but there's no reason to care about them. During the final moments of the game, a few characters even appear and 'assist' you in killing enemies, but there's no reason for their appearance and you can't talk to them. They feel like an afterthought thrown in to help serve the ending scenes.It's a fun little game; it's not amazing, but it's pretty good."
76561197976158630,Recommended,252030,9137811,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dulash,"Valdis Story is a great example of metroidvania which, while incorporating all the elements perfectly still has something new to say. Exploring a 2D map while leveling up and gaining new abillities by defeating bossess isn't a new idea. By adding a few features Valdis Story gains its own character. These are : smooth, combo-based battle system with ranking and prizes based on your performance, actual connection between chosen skills, equipment, stats and even spells; and as of now 2 characters with vastly different playstyle.The music and graphic are beautiful and really make you immersed in the underwater city. However the biggest thing is animation. In a game focused on fighting, jumping, avoiding and running the developers did a great job with bringing it to such high level.For me the biggest downside was somewhat lacking transport system. The map is quite big and I believe that during the endgame more shortcuts should be made available. There are also some frustrating moments, which require you to really nail such a obscure mechanic like grabbing ledges.The game is great, long, has a lot of secrets and offers great replayability. I believe it's really worth its value even without a discount."
,Recommended,252030,8958482,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Henjin,"Fantastic game! It's as if Ys had a baby with Castlevania: SOTN, Super Metroid, and Megaman X. It's wonderful! Definitely worth the $15. I would have paid more for it if I had to and it still would be well worth it. The stage setups are excellent and the bosses provide new challenges the farther you progress in the game. And the soundtrack is fantastic. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,252030,8943603,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Planktonic,"All I have to say about this game is holy balls it is alot of fun, if you're a fan of Metroidvania games you can't miss this one, such a nicely refined combat system that reminds me alot of devil may cry as a 2d platformer, the exploration is alot of fun with many things to find, the graphics and music are fantastic in this game too."
76561198043643306,Recommended,252030,10928772,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Eyes Unclouded?,"A difficult metroid-vania style game that is definitely worth checking out for its story, atmosphere, and variety of combat styles. Controller strongly recommended."
,Recommended,252030,17566619,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Peanut,"You like Metroidvania style games, then this game is for you .Good game , buy it."
,Recommended,252030,17559756,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RhythmPixel,
76561198052665540,Recommended,252030,17890202,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sephrinx,"Excellent game. Tons of fun.Super fun combat, good progression, and all around awesome Demon/Angel murdering in a beautiful setting with awesome attacks."
,Recommended,252030,17852378,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DrRetard,"The controls in this game are great. I didn't expect much coming in to this but after playing it I wish more platforming games took a note from this style. The shop system in the game was disappointing but it was balanced. The story is so/so too. The gameplay is wonderful though, reminding me of Castlevania SoTN."
76561198183194687,Recommended,252030,18166988,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Weightless,"This game I guess you could say is a ""metroidvania"" platformer, but more spefically the feel, level themes, and music really remind me of Castlevania: Symphony of The Night. However, the fighting style is a lot more involved in this game and allows you to use a variety of different spells (you can equip four a a time). The controls are mostly smooth and allow for quicker combat than you usually have in these types of games (although I occasionally had a hardtime parrying attacks).My one main complaint about the game is that the story seems to left a lot unexplained, like, a couple more sentences at the beginning of the game would have made more sentence. It's not to say they left it all together, there's a lot of talk about gods and goddess, angels and demons and our angry hero who hates all of them, but you never really get a sense of who the characters actually are, which makes me wonder why the even bothered with the dialogue. I would also say that the bosses at the end of the game are quite a bit harder than ones you'll fight previously...if you make to the end of the game prepare for a couple of very frustrating fights. Additionally, a global map would have been very helpful, not ones that were partitioned with the three seperate stations. In a game like Castlevania where you have to revisit things and travel long distances, it always helps to keep track of where those things are- it was a little difficult in this game.Despite my complaints, I still enjoyed the game overall and would recommend to anyone who enjoyed Symphony of the night or enjoys atmospheric ""metroidvania"" style games."
76561198038246164,Recommended,252030,16767404,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,steellynx21,"solid side scroller. Decent plot over a beautfully designed world. Lots of customization and playing type. only negative id the commands are a bit glichy. I don't recommed playing on hard, espeiaclly your first run through."
,Recommended,252030,7636798,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Rockman X,"Almost done with the game. Not as tight of controlls compared to MegaMan X or Metroid Series games, but a very solid game none the less. Made by Platformer Fans, a very solid game. Worth the money if you enjoy 2D platformers."
,Recommended,252030,7615286,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Ania ❤,"Awesome game, awesome music. This game is worth every cent!Update: Finally they released a new patch with two new playable characters."
,Recommended,252030,16078131,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Eight Star,"Truely an excellent metroidvania.  I couldn't stop playing for days, it gave me insomnia."
76561197971288614,Recommended,252030,13673785,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Falconheart,"This is an awesome metroidvania style game with a heavy dose of combat. Each character has various weapons and combos available to them, and three trees of abilities to choose from. Tons of customization options here. It's not perfect, there are a couple things toward the end-game that bugged me. Without giving away any spoilers the last boss fight is either nearly impossible or fairly easy depending on what items you have equipped - so its a little imbalanced there. Overall, it's a very good game. I'd give it a 9/10 and if they make a sequel I'll definitely get it."
,Recommended,252030,13827118,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,pariah,"Cute artwork, great music, adictive gameplay and a very nice progress system.I am loving this game so much.It has been a very long time since I played a game that all these elements so balanced, which I enjoyed the gameplay, the controls, the combat system, and on top of all that, still has a level progress and hability system that compells you to keep playing.Definitely recommended!"
76561197974156607,Recommended,252030,8570688,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,~DFEARpls~,"if you enjoy metroidvania's then this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here is a solid choice. its not easy, but its not impossible. godlike game indeed"
,Recommended,252030,8571387,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fine_Textured_Felon,This is a really fun game and it goes to show that you dont need a huge AAA game teasm to make a good game. This game is smooth and is fun to play. I havent had anything bad to say about it so far. I would like the resolution to fit 1920x1080 but what its at now is good enough. I cant wait for the new characters to come out and am very thankful that they are scheduled to be free.
,Recommended,252030,8574058,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,skellington,"This Game is amazing as is, and with the promise of free major updates, it just gets batter and better. BUY IT NOW"
76561198004581200,Recommended,252030,8575225,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Beros,"Bought this game for 4$~ roughly during the Xmas steam sale. Think Anime style, 2d side-scrolling, Metroidvania JRPG with Devil May Cry combo/ranking system. It's simply amazing. Even the story, while not so in your face the entire game, is interesting in and of itself even though this game is CLEARLY an action Metroidvania game. 10/10 for indie developer, easily."
,Recommended,252030,8577105,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SqLy,Awesome game
,Recommended,252030,8577802,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,_OctopusKing,"If you love metroid / castlevania -esque games, then you would be sure not to be caught dead without trying this gem :)"
76561198022101713,Recommended,252030,8370551,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Angry Panda,this has the castel vaina syphony of the night feel it focuses more on art work and isn't as big but still a great game!
76561198074729430,Recommended,252030,8564171,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,KemaroFangs,"This game is very well done and polished. It's a mix between castlevania and megaman zero style games. Very recommended. The developers did a wonderful job with the story, controls, graphics, and music."
76561197996427515,Recommended,252030,9680882,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,DrunkenKnuckle,"This game, I TRULY FEEL if it were distributed more widely, would be an instant classic!Yes. It's that good.IT IS better than any castlevania game I've ever played (and I've played damn near all of them).Somehow they've managed to add a combo system, leveling system, and deep story dialogue as well an instant music score the likes of Chrono trigger.I love this game and if you grew up with the snes it takes you back in an instant.You owe it to childhood to play this game!"
76561197967264082,Recommended,252030,9648408,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TheWorthlessFellow,I don't understand how this isn't a bigger thing.  It grabs some of the best elements of RPGs and Action games and really brings them together in a way I havn't seen anywhere since the old castlevania games.  As you progress through the game your character feels like it is really changing without that OP feel you get from a lot of indi RPG devs and the game provides a wonderful challenge.  Its one of those games where it is technically possible to play the game perfectly and you activly want to get better at all the skill cancels dodges and parries.  The bosses are diverse and will bring new chalenges and mechanics every time.  Its just really freaking good.
76561198064206539,Recommended,252030,9648554,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,dman0101,"I recommend this game, but with a warning:  You will get frustrated at the controls.  Asthetically speaking, the art style is nice and vibrant, with bosses and mini bosses seemingly every where.  Many of these encouters are made difficult only due to the controls, which takes some getting used too.  The ""cancel"" ability is almost a curse, as you will constantly be fighting it.  You will, in time learn to accept it and move on, but you will become frustrated at the battles you have to repeat because you accidentally ""canceled"" in mid jump (which drops you straight down), and have to fight your way back up... whie poisoned and getting pummeled.The metroidvania goodness is there, if you can overlook the overly complicated combat system and the boring story.  Flashy doesn't always mean better :)"
76561198059082187,Recommended,252030,9775111,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Poor sod,"This is a great game for anyone that's a fan of single player RPG's. Its got a large volume of collectables for serious players, but engaging enough gameplay for casual ones. The boss fights are fun yet challenging and have a ranking system as well. However, the game itself is exceeding long, as with most RPG's so set aside a few hours at a time when you play it."
76561198047426432,Recommended,252030,9509465,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,McDoof,"Just get it!  Especially if you enjoyed playing Metroid Fusion for GBA back in the day.  The further you progresses the more abilities you get and more areas you can explore!  Along with that, the bosses are quite challengeing!  I don't think I've beaten one on my first try yet!  It's really fun because they aren't impossible to defeat.  Once you recogrize the patternes and excecute everything right you can take them down!  It really feels you accomplished something."
,Recommended,252030,9989926,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,mrfurious,"Similar to Metroidvanias: You acquire new abilities and items which encourage you to revisit old locations and open new areas.Similar to RPGs: There is a leveling and character customization mechanic, gear and weaponry to acquire and buff, and companions to assist you.Similar to DMC: There is a very fun but not overly complex melee / combo system. It's not hard to get the hang of, but adds some depth to otherwise simple, enjoyable swordplay.Somehow, the game is so much more than the sum of its parts would suggest. Highly recommended."
76561198049191178,Recommended,252030,9992268,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,theredfang,"I have spent a very large amount of time playing this game, and it's been worth every moment. This game, to me, has set the bar for what crowd funded indie games can achieve. It was a totally addicting journey from start to finish. I normally don't do metroidvania because I am conceptually against backtracking and it certainly didnt help that I havent been into platformers since maybe the late GBA era, but this game persisted to me as a stand out title. I love so much about the game, the music, the combat, the level of character customization (weapons, armor, accessories, meaningfully branched skill trees, etc.), the well implimented story and all the little details and encounters. It reminds me of Dark Souls in a more colorful way. Angels are trying to murder you (and everyone else) and harvest your souls, demons are trying to do essentially the same thing and you are here to sort that out with nothing but the simple goal of shredding two oppressive and militant Goddesses. I normally dont PC game all that much, so the controls were innitially kind of a brick wall to me, but I was enjoying the game so much that I found mysellf trying very hard on the first playthrough to actually adapt to using my fingers instead of my thumbs for playing the game (The game supports game pads, but apparently only Xbox because my PS3 controller wont work). I whole heartedly reccomend this game if you like RPGs, platforming, challenging gameplay and really inspired combat with a hint of DMC flair."
,Recommended,252030,11107854,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Albino NoseLord,This game has a great story line and wonderful combat
,Recommended,252030,14927970,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kettles (bday today),"Pretty fun game, unclear about alot of things, but easy to pick up.Problems is bosses are iether a)too easy, or b)too hard. The angel and demon guys gave me no problems whatsoever, then the poison boss in hte gardens just seemed stupidly designed, constant things raining from above, constantly losing mana and health with no way of stopping it, and him just teleporting endlessly."
,Recommended,252030,7636266,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,James DeRosa,It's pretty good if you like action-platformer exploration games in the style of Metroid.
,Recommended,252030,15015302,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Methos426,great game
,Recommended,252030,15125640,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Darcross,Valdis Story : Abyssal City is a very good game with responding controls and intresting lore and characters it's with its own quirk . Also it gives us a different perspective of the whole angels versus devils thing by putting them at the same side only with conflicting interest as no one of them see the human race better than lifestock . The drawings and the flowing motion of the animation gives this game a fantastic atmosphere as does the soundtrack . Also it contains its share of difficulty by having both the normal difficulty level starting from normal and becoming harder as an extra difficulty provided by the character you wish to control as the main character . If you are a lover of platformers this game is recommended to you as it's a good game like platformer and also having its relaxing and tensing moments
,Recommended,252030,14077025,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ibashugood,Sweet game!  I wish I knew other games that resemble this kind of metroidvania (apart of those I already played)
76561197972367890,Recommended,252030,19836567,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JediFlip,Great game. The graphics and sprites are amazingly detailed for a 2d game and the music really brings you into the game. Also has a lot of replay value. I just beat the game on normal and there are 3 other characters to play and better rankings to acheive. Can't wait to play through again.
76561198018608132,Recommended,252030,7857826,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bear,"Love this game, great combat (kinda confusing story)"
,Recommended,252030,8270944,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,duncs,Great metroidvania!
,Recommended,252030,8283743,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,n_n,"Extremely fun, but rough Metroidvania game."
,Recommended,252030,7562043,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Gryan Flemmons,A few hours in and really liking this one; a very well done metoidvania-style platformer full of abilities and equipment and magic and fun things.
,Recommended,252030,8277734,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ryan_K007,"This game is a fun low graphic game to play if you like rpg side scrolling games.  If you are ewaiting for friends to get online to play or waiting 30 mins for anything this game is a great game to pass the time.I find myself getting sucked into the game worth zero effort at all.  Aso, this game is hard....when I say hard it is H-A-A-A-R-D  (I also play it on hard too, but still i heard normal is hard and hard is insane...dont even want to mention very hard mode)."
76561198092685963,Recommended,252030,8278357,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dawn Bringer,buy this game  its so fun
76561198037573583,Recommended,252030,10836736,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,soyleb,"Good game, but sometimes Bosses get annoying on the first playthrough."
,Recommended,252030,8527104,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Seraph,"I didn't really expect much from this game, having seen many other games nowadays try so hard to pull off the Metroidvania style with a mediocre result.That was far from the case on this game.Attacking feels smooth and many other mechanics make the combat one of the most enjoyable in a 2D world. The story feels JRPG-ish with the way the dialogue is set up, which I personally find as a plus. The leveling system adds several different ways to go about fighting, as does the element system which allows for a combination and easy-swap to counter any monster type at any moment.While the platforming can be difficult at times, its more than likely that it is for a completely optional item that may or may not help you. I see a lot of complaints regarding the platforming, but most of the ""difficult"" ones are simply optional.As far as progressing through the game, there is no hand holding. There is a simple indicator on which area you need to go to and the direction it's in. There is a lot of exploration to be done, especially later in the game when backtracking is essential to completing that old puzzle you didn't have the ability or means to complete before.What I have a minor issue with is the restricted trading system, as it sometimes feels like it doesn't give anything of use. There are obvious exceptions to this such as the weapon/armor upgrades given later in the game, but otherwise there are only a few other items that you will be looking for each time you find a trader.My biggest issue though is the lack of ""navigation completion"". By that, I mean that the maps don't indicate very well that this particular room is complete, giving the feeling that there's always Something left to do it there, when in reality there isn't. It's a little frustrating for the completionist in me because I want to be sure I collect every treasure and complete each room to its fullest.Overall, a must-get for anyone looking for a Good Metroidvania game. 9/10"
,Recommended,252030,10857445,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,D4Dementia,"Very strong Castlevania: Symphony of the Night feel, with interesting prospects. only just begun to play and already extremely impressed."
76561197994932110,Recommended,252030,10879321,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kiwi,"Controls are a little weird and can be hard to get used to, but the game is a great addition to a gamer's library."
,Recommended,252030,10881015,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Flabby,Great action metroidvania game
76561198043908816,Recommended,252030,10873495,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,B-72,"A Good Game, solid story. If you like Vania games you'll like this."
76561198029855203,Recommended,252030,10760776,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheCowLord,"Valdis Story is a 2D side scroller with plenty of beat em up action. If you enjoy Castlevania games, you're going to like this. The controls can take a while to get use to if you're using the keyboard, just remap them to your liking. I prefered playing with a Playstation 3 controller and DS3 tool, it was fantastic. There are times when doing the precision platforming can be painful but all you have to do is take your time and feel it out.There are currently two playable characters, Wyatt and Reina.Wyatt plays more of a strength/dark and light magic character. He's a bit slowered than Reina when it comes to combos, but overall I believe Wyatt plays easier for a new player (especially if you like to jump in on the hardest difficulty). He comes with the ability to use his sword or fists (fists take -40% attack dmg in exchange for +25% exp).Reina is a monk and begins the game with only her fists (No negatives, just +25% exp) as a weapon. She employs magic as well, but doesn't realy have ""dark"" magic. She's not as easy to jump in with, as the ability to break guards is obtainable at level 4, where as Wyatt begins the game able to do so with his strong attacks.Gameplay: 9/10Music: 8.5/10Replayability: 7.5/10 (Two more characters on the way)Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,252030,7555571,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,CyrusBlint,BUY DIS
,Recommended,252030,27992920,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WolfX,"This game is a hidden gem! Great story, fun combat, awesome customization. Fun game to enjoy and beat in different ways. 10/10"
76561198041890520,Recommended,252030,27587729,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rayneros,Best metrodvania game !
,Recommended,252030,17514430,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Fog,"With the lack of metroidvania games, this fills the void and nurtures it."
,Recommended,252030,28050588,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Loufly,"Valdis Story honestly deserves a lot more attention than it got, It's a fantastic experience in a lot of ways, massive replay value, absorbing setting, distinct aesthetic, kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack, great level design, Dark Souls esk boss encounters and an upgrade system that isn't worthlessly tacked on like so many others.It can be a very punishing game at times but the satisfaction of progression is well worth it, if you're keen on Koji Igarashi's particular shade of Castlevania then you need to jump on this ASAP!"
76561198035592520,Recommended,252030,28066224,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ThatOneGuy,"Valdis Story is one of the best metroidvania games I have ever played. There are multiple characters to play through the game with, and each has their own styles of play. They can be specialized in different ways depending on what stats and skills you focus on as you level them up, and each hero has multiple weapons that change their move set as well as damage output. The combat and skills are balanced in such a way that there are several powerful builds for each character that change how you fight and use their skills.The boss fights are challenging and rewarding as there is a rating system that will reward you (with stat bonuses and unique items) for taking them out fast and with minimal damage taken. The combat evolves as you get more skills and equipment. The only major complaint I would have for it is that there is no abilitease at the beginning, so the combat seems fairly basic at the beginning.The art style is solid and well done throughout the game. It may not be everyone’s cup o tea, but I would still say anyone could at least enjoy the game, and the animations are well done.Combine the character selection/customization, challenging and rewarding boss fights, well designed and animated sprites, and a well laid out world and you have an excellent game."
76561198013256476,Recommended,252030,28067506,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ArcSyaoran,An absolutely fantastic metroidvania with a very fun combo based battle system. 4 playable characters with their own individual skill trees and unique weapons give a lot of replay value to this underrated gem.
76561197976855149,Recommended,252030,26485676,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Roshambo,Those waiting for Bloodstained to arrive really owe it to themselves to check out this metroidvania sleeper hit.  It's a shame the dev team decided to move on to less monumental projects after this game as I would really like to see where the story goes from here.  The game does end with sort of a cliffhanger but the gameplay offers engaging combat and exploration with an amazing soundtrack.
76561198076215182,Recommended,252030,24701240,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Madlife,Good ♥♥♥♥ing Game
,Recommended,252030,23543895,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Veloser,"I love this game, especially Wyatt and his ♥♥♥♥ing personality <3""Always begging your false god for power. Can't you do anything yourself?"" LMAO XD"
,Recommended,252030,23994101,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Plue,Needs more save points and boss room indicators.
76561198070695305,Recommended,252030,23934533,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DerBaerImMann,"Challenging but doable.Awesome gem, definitely worth it.:)"
76561198093365162,Recommended,252030,24054204,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,magistarkyo,PRetty fun game
,Recommended,252030,8552404,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(06/10) - GoodHoly moly...I thought Dust could not be beaten for some time now, but this game...Well, it´s darn tough considering Normal is the easiest difficulty, going 4 times harder, it´s also a heck load of fun.Fast pased 2D? If that makes you a bit curious, you should really consider giving this a try!"
76561198024465439,Recommended,252030,24130024,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,hot_blade_gs,"interesting game, great graphics and story"
76561197968301870,Recommended,252030,24119104,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tomguycot,"Awesome Metroidvania style game and a killer soundtrack. Multiple characters, lots of playstyles and difficulty levels for playing through different ways. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,252030,7571419,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Srsly Pilo,This game. Buy it. Why are you still reading this omg wtf just press buy and play! <3
,Recommended,252030,24150741,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Yanzi,"Great game (SO FAR), a hidden gem indeed, highly recommended! For several times I wanted to give up on it due to it's difficulty, but I kept coming back, wondering ""how about trying it the other way"", and the other way always delivers lots of new fun. I picked up the game on Summer Sale at a very low price (yay~~~), if you're into 2D RPGs, make sure this title is on you wishlist, or just buy it!Also, the devs must have been updating the game alot  since it's release. I've stuck in several places, looked up the walkthrough videos on Youtube and discovered some levels had been changed, good work!I'll update this review when I finish the game :P"
76561198257733723,Recommended,252030,23523173,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Rendang,One of the best metroidvania with nice RPG touch. You can try all types of build here for all 4 characters. Who would imagine that doing a Luck build will give you higher damage output than a Str build if played right? And dont let the game fools you when it says that Wyatt is a Str/Agi char. You can build him with Int build and see him rekt anything in this game within few seconds. Trying all kinds of builds for all characters in this game is really fun and you'll enjoy creating your own deadly build.
76561198043893024,Recommended,252030,23381210,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Zythair,"Exellent game, probably one of the best metroidvania games I have played in years. Combat is fun and flowing, the map offers a lot to do in terms of exploration. With all the side objectives to flesh out game time a little this ends up being a really nice title to sit down and play through. The leveling/skill point system is done very well and each character has a multitude of different ways to play, offering a nice amount of replayibillity. The visuals and sprites are done very very well and everything looks and feels smooth. Only gripes I really have with the game is lack of a ng+ and a better tutorial should be in place. Overall this is a must have title for anyone who likes medroidvania games! Already hoping and really wanting a sequel!"
,Recommended,252030,23175344,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,"Pretty good metroidvania that suffers from limited warp points, smallish map, and tiny variety of enemies."
,Recommended,252030,23445711,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,The One True Griff,"This game is a true hidden gem. If you're into Metroidvania style games or Action RPGs, this is a must have. 9/10Pros: The music, level design, and gameplay are all absolutely fantastic. The writing is pretty damn solid as well. Feels incredibly satisfying when you start to get the hang of the combat. Incredibly hype.Cons: Some weird controls that you may want to re-map. Namely the dash. Also when you take damage, there's no invincibility frames after, which means you can get absolutley ♥♥♥♥ED on if you're not careful. Also, the story is a little hard to follow."
,Recommended,252030,23425038,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,felipefrancisco,Amazing soundtrack.
76561197961402170,Recommended,252030,8613692,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Quatrol,Really fun and good looking metroid vania game. Recommend to any fans of the genre.
76561198099764004,Recommended,252030,23754429,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tyfighter15,Prolly the best metroidvania game I have played (obviously my opinion).  Feelings aside this is a wonderful game that is exactly what I was looking for.  If you loved Dust an Elysian Tail then you will enjoy this game.  The combos are neat and how you can build the characters is entirely up to you.  There is a great RPG element to combine with its amazing platforming.  You can beat the game without having to grind on any difficulty so long as you're good at dodging and blocking.  If you want to unlock everything for your character then you'll need to grind it out a little bit.  As I said before I love this game and if you're a fan of metroidvania then buy this greatness
,Recommended,252030,16110735,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Melchior,"I have had a great time with this game. It is, for the most part, a tight metroidvania style action platformer. I have played through with two of the characters, and I am about to start another. I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,252030,23936768,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ulvhamne,"A quite nice metroidvania game with a dashing of levels and skill trees. The mechanics work well, and the boss fights are not particularly repetetive. Good game, well worth the money."
76561197979167369,Recommended,252030,23748483,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,-RWS,Not a review writer but the game is amazing started out on god slayer mode it feels like you should play on this mode at least to me and when parts are too hard you grind a bit get a new skill and try to perform with it or learn the bosses patterns I feel like this game has just the right amount of everything I want in it. Just started and I gotta stop because of work tomorrow but damn I can't wait to get on after work its the only game thats been keeping me from overwatch!
76561198065589340,Recommended,252030,23841023,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Staff Sergeant Pebble Toad,"a platformy, 2D, faster paced dark souls (ish) game with a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack and cool maplestory/bastion graphics as well as challenging fast combat"
,Recommended,252030,23842644,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,vishuspuss,Great metroidvania!Works great with steam controller (no preconfig required)
,Recommended,252030,23846708,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,eXe | Paruthi,"To say it simple, very nice gameand addictive, but too much hard to play.Art, Music, level design, Gameplay mechinics are all good.Selected the Normal mode(no easy mode is available) and able to play up to level7. After that boom too much harder bosses or locations.Recomeneded for: May be pro platformer gamersNot Recomneded for: others since it will get more hard and cant complete the gameI am interested play and finish the game if they upadated with a Easy mode. Anyhow uninstaling the game as of now.."
76561198036217024,Recommended,252030,23883507,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Arkyraiel,I enjoy old school platform games like this but there are some issue with this game that should be fixed. First off the controls are a little bugged as you will sometimes block and a monster will cut right through your shield. You'll have to watchout for the the quick spell menu they put in as it is crap. It opens with the block + magic button so it is difficult to use magic and block at the same time. The biggest problem I have is the diffculty of the bosses. Normally I expect some difficulty but the bosses seem to be atleast a level more difficult than the level playing. I am playing on normal and am lvl 20 and yet the bosses still give me a challange as if I was on atleast hard mode. Over all the game is playable and fun but there with these issues and a few others the game can become frustrating.
76561198021509843,Recommended,252030,30677912,Posted: 22 March,all,SatchToine,An immersive and beautiful wonder. Fast and short but the variety of builds and gameplay always makes me launch a new playthrought and the feel is never the same.
,Recommended,252030,30673441,Posted: 22 March,all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),"This game is amazing, just give it a try. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,252030,20462426,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Adan4Real,Dope! Worth the money.
76561197961626783,Recommended,252030,20518191,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Me me mo my my,"I loved this game. The only problem I  had is I couldn't play for long periods of time. I don't know if it's my computer or the game itself. I think it saves all of your progress so load times are low, but if I went through to many locations it would just lock up after a while. Most people probably won't notice unless they play the game for 2 or 3 hours straight. The fac that I was playing it that long straight should speak volumes. Great game, reminded me of metroid.Replay value seems pretty decent, you get a slightly different story as the 2 characters you start with. I didn't unlock the other characters, and wish that you didn't have to do something as crazy as you do to play them. I'd love to see a patch that allows you to play the other characters if you beat the game with the 2 main ones.The game is relatively easy as the guy besides a few boss battles. I think the game would actually be easier with the girl IF you are good. She seems really strong, I didn't finish the game with her because I came back home, not because I grew tired of the game."
,Recommended,252030,20366269,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ninja Theory,metroidvania with bad♥♥♥♥♥music and combat system. nuff said
,Recommended,252030,20415367,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Virsath,"This is a tough game to recommend, not because it's bad, but because you really need to be willing to tolerate some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It sorta does the DMC thing where they'll have difficult platforming sections, right above a room with respawning enemies, and the controls are just not tuned for platforming. The combat is great on the other hand with some great boss fights. And, it's definitely got some room for you to experiment, learn, and get good at it. Sorta like DMC... Basically it's 2D Devil May Cry, for better or worse.The world is quite beautiful, I enjoyed the music, and the characters look pretty cool. I was kinda sad this game didn't click for me, but maybe I just needed to git gud."
76561198049259468,Recommended,252030,20097254,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Necthos,10/10
76561198084432836,Recommended,252030,19816132,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Hullu,"I usually don't like platformers, but I really like this. Graphics are simple yet beautiful. Lovely thing."
,Recommended,252030,19954842,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dhan_XD,2D-side scrolling rpg.. ahh reminds me of the good ol' days of playing megaman in my snes console.great game especially if played with controller.
76561198214987639,Recommended,252030,19776018,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,rossman747,"I greatly enjoy this game and would happily recommend it.  The combat is fast and percise. Combos and juggling are easy and satisfying.  Movement is solid getting around is never a problem.  Skill Tree is is small but each skill make a noticeable impact.  There is one issue I have with this though.My main complaint is about bosses. Most are good, but several are pretty cheap in the name of difficulty.  The problem is they aren't difficult by themsevles but have infuriating gimmicks that makes the fight more of a ragefest than fun.  Mostly things like passive healing or calling allies or calling allies, becomeing invulnerable, and passive healing at the same time.  Which is just artifical difficulty boosting. Actually the final boss is so annoying that I have never bothered to beat the game.Edit: I did just beat the boss but did not enjoy itOther than that though great game, thumbs up."
,Recommended,252030,21393982,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"This is a fine example of what a great new ""metroidvania"" game can be. Grab it on sale."
76561198140583148,Recommended,252030,17463059,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,真ちゃんさん,"""My name?I guess you can call me... Ben McSteely.Some people do.They're wrong, but they do call me that.""-He should be a playable character +_+"
,Recommended,252030,16217157,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MagicSlinky,"The game is pretty great until you realize how frustrating it is. The controls are responsive and great, until you want to fight. The music is absolutely great. The world is pretty well thought out, although I hated most of the levels. The graphics are gorgeous and the style is pretty likeable. I recommend it to everyone that enjoys the idea of a combination between Metroidvania and fighting games. Sadly there's poorly designed encounters with unfair mechanics and I mean really unfair mechanics that affect the weaker characters. Not Dark souls-like mechanics that game does gameplay too well. My main complaint is that the developers never draw a line between what's challenging and what's frustrating. And those extra characters added recently are a complete disappointment. They are still working on the game so only some balance updates would make me want to come back. Sadly the frustrating gameplay draws me away from wanting to play more."
,Recommended,252030,32843263,Posted: 26 June,all,CornBen,Fun combat. I like a game where blocking actually does something. Fairly deep combat too by endgame
,Recommended,252030,32799436,Posted: 25 June,all,Daniel Bryan,"If you love Symphony of the Night and the Castlevania GBA/DS games, this is the game for you."
76561198110214084,Recommended,252030,32945577,Posted: 28 June,all,SirFalcon,"Game is hard. Well, I started on hard difficulty but its also fun. A few mechanics need some polish but overall a solid game.4/5 stars"
76561198040652055,Recommended,252030,32956410,Posted: 28 June,all,Yasha,"I've had this game for some years now, and I love it. I've beaten it multiple times, w/ all the bosses, and S rank and the like. When I first started I was already in love with everything about it. It was difficult as well, but the game is so well made, that you can literally jump up in skill with practice. I suck at writing reviews, I'm done here. I want this game to be listed as a top metroidvania on steam, because I think it is up there with hollow knight. Those two are my equal favorites."
,Recommended,252030,32914747,Posted: 27 June,all,KelpTheGreat,"Valdis Story is incredible. It's got amazing music, a seriously in-depth fighting system, tons of upgrades and ways to customize your character, multiple playable characters, an interesting story, epic boss fights that only make me want to try harder when I lose, and a sprawling, Metroidvania world. The learning curve at the start of the game is a bit steep, but after a while, you start to get used to things and start feeling more like a badass."
,Recommended,252030,29068751,Posted: 6 January,all,jwilliams1117,I really like this game except I ran into a problem when using a USB connected XBox controller. The character locks up in a block stance instantly until I unplug the controller. This is really annoying as the game lends itself so much more to controller based gameplay.*hoping for a patch*
76561197999239896,Recommended,252030,29024603,Posted: 4 January,all,V1,"With multiple playable characters to choose from the game has a lot of replayability, you can get a lot of hours of enjoyment out of it."
76561198055392608,Recommended,252030,29881495,Posted: 12 February,all,Lurlios,Amazing game
,Recommended,252030,8529919,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kynareth,Amazingly good game. Recommended totally for 2D side scrolling gamers that loves Castlevania SOTN!
76561198047186196,Recommended,252030,29432087,Posted: 22 January,all,JRDOOM,Amazing Game!
76561198070510797,Recommended,252030,17543466,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Puchard,"Definitely one of the best beat em up games ive played. Highly recommended to DMC players.After playing this game again, I still recommend this to anyone who enjoys metroidvania/beat em up games. The enemies takes longer to kill because the player themselves are stronger and have more abilities to use (Combos becomes extremely intricate). The puzzles are challenging, and takes practice. The developers trust the players to adapt to the speed they've set. I don't recommend this game for people who has a one track mind and don't want to adapt."
76561198067231643,Recommended,252030,18797121,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,asap1,"OverviewValdis Story: Abyssal City is an Action Platformer / RPG with an engaging combat system which just feelsright. The game takes place in the the sacred city of Sitheil, that sank under the waves when two goddesses do battle. The protagonists enter the city by coincidence, and it is their task to find the rest of their crew and get back to the surface.GraphicsHaving a large focus on combat, it is required that the graphics be clean and to-the-point. I found them to be charming and comprehensive, as almost every action has its own animation, like blocking and preparing magic, which lets you see attacks coming if you stay alert.MusicAll the battle themes sound epic, and as a result really ramps up the scene. Most of these themes consist of chanting, electric guitar, violin, and a myraid of others. The other soundtracks are pretty nice too (thumbs up for the Sewers Theme), though a couple in particular are a bit jarring (looking at you, Pit Theme).CombatThis is where Valdis Story really shines. Nearly every enemy has a distinct attack pattern or style, and battling them feels very fluent once you get the hang of it. There are two disaplines of combat in the game: physical, and magic attacks. The first is pretty simple and straightforward, but the second one really compliments the first, making them as a whole a varied experience. Keep in mind that you will likely be required to use both thoughout the game, but that there are two characters each - including a pair you have from the get-go - that specialize in physical or magic combat. There are even support characters that you can briefly call into battle and level up.VerdictValdis Story is a little gem of a game that, I feel, deserves to be better known."
76561198038736450,Recommended,252030,31134906,Posted: 14 April,all,alividlife,"This is a great metroidvania.Aspects of it feel like Dark Souls which is a huge plus..Story isn't so bad, combat feels pretty good although magic is kinda clumsy.Probably my biggest gripe would be the sound.  There's some sound effects in this game that sound very glitched out and jarring.  Don't know what that is all about.  Also... I don't know how I feel about the soundtrack.  There's a bit of beautiful piano and ambiance, but then there's tin sounding hard rock stuff during battles that also sounds not so great.All in all, I've really really enjoyed the game.  It's an awesome RPG action platformer with plenty of upgrades for the character."
76561198045379093,Recommended,252030,31135512,Posted: 14 April,all,rubicante_le_fou,"Great metroidvania which has a lot to offer. Nervous gameplay, interesting character building, a few secrets and challenges, Valdis Story is a good game if you like the genre."
76561198064364961,Recommended,252030,31249994,Posted: 19 April,all,Azazel,"This review is after beating the game on normal with the main character AND then beating the game on hard with everyone else... There are 2 further difficulties and then a few ""hard core"" modes (Boss arena mode... No save/retry mode).The game is worth a buy if you are into 2d fighter/brawler/beat-em-up style games.The story isn't too in your face andcan easily be skippedpast if you just wanna stick to the game.There are aslew of difficultiesto make the game harder or easier (noobies can work their way up) and hard added in extra moves and worries durring boss fights... so it didn't just make them damage sponges with sharper claws.Themusic is good enoughfor background music, but the majority of it isn't really super into it. You may want to crank your own tunes after your first playthrough.Theboss fightsarewhite knuckleexperiences. A few easier bosses do exsist, but you have a slew of odd ""masters"" of an area who will push you when you first see them to even beat them... The higher rank you beat them with, the more XP you get AND at high ranks you can get bonuses to stats...Unfortunatly theplatforming ina few places is just completly aggrivating. These areas hit about 60% of the way into the campaign and are only about 15-20% of the overall campaign (about5%of the campaign is justnasty). Your character has a habit of doing their wall jump / grabbing ledges when you don't mean to. This is something you can get past... but it takes a deal of practice and a few specific areas are just nasty even after all of my play time on it.The exploration is fair enough and the world is interconnected well enough you can run from one zone into another. They have some areas that are locked by keys and a few areas that are locked by spells / items that let you get around differently.Playable characters have 3 alternate weapons each which alter their combat a good deal.Primary character - Fist fighter v Large sword v Bow n Dagger v Dual swordsSecond character - Fist fighter v Bo staff (Just more reach) v Fists & ward (passive bonuses for doing well) v Big♥♥♥♥♥maceThird character - Bulky fist fighter v Gun n shotty v Gun n rocket launcher v Gun n RifleFourth character - Fist fighter magic combo v semi-homing magic balls v sword ranged & magic v Ring thrower"
,Recommended,252030,31009692,Posted: 7 April,all,ivar666,"One of the greatest metroidvania games I've tried on steam. Action-paced, good dialogues, retro graphics and decent music."
,Recommended,252030,31501195,Posted: 1 May,all,PasDeDeux,"Seemed pretty fun, but has lots of random slowdowns. Random because there's no clear connection to the amount of effects or enemies on screen. That's speaking to the game running on my admittedly not great (but neither old nor cheap) laptop--I haven't tried it on my desktop with a GPU because I purchased the game hoping to have something that would run on the laptop and have requested a refund."
76561197997993596,Recommended,252030,31489250,Posted: 1 May,all,Halcyon,"Valdis Story brought me back to my younger years of playing platformers on the SNES. VS is a mashup of Castlevania, Mega Man, and Metroid. It may seem like a simple button masher on the outside but on the inside, there is a complex combat system. Learning this system is key to your success in VS. The combination of light / heavy attacks, blocks / parries, dodges / spells all make for a fantastic and highly customizable gameplay experience.As you progress through your journey, you will find many places that you can not reach upon your first encounter. You will have to backtrack once you have gained new abilities to reach them. This can be a bit tedious at times but it is rarely required to progress further in the story. I would have done more of this but my completionist days are behind me. That being said though, all the areas are connected at some point and there is a fast travel tram to cut down on travel times.The story itself is pretty decent. While not incredibly deep, it does offer enough plot to keep you interested and engaged.There is a solid character progression system where you are able to upgrade stats and abilities (tree style like Borderlands). The upgrades do not stop there: you can also upgrade weapons and armor, often forcing you to make a decision on your play preference as some upgrade supplies are limited. You also have companions which level up based on how often you use them.Personally, I enjoyed VS an incredible amount. It let me play the way I wanted to play it. It forced me to learn game mechanics and not just smash buttons. It also gave me a great visual and audio experience with above average controls (recommend using a controller).I think a lot of people go in thinking they can mash their way through and this is not the case. You need to learn the boss attack patterns, adapt your strategy for each one, and use your strengths to defeat them."
76561198375818701,Recommended,252030,33743575,Posted: 23 July,all,jonathansfish,"Pros:-good combat-nice rpgs elements with differing builds for each of the four playable characters-fun exploration-decent soundtrack-different difficulty levelsCons:-My overall biggest gripe is that there are too many either time sensitive events or items with a fixed amount per playthrough which makes playing this game without a guide very frustrating.  This is especially true because there are no in game indicators that some huge trigger is about to lock you out of a bunch of content.  To give an example, early in the game you are told to go to a city but, unbeknownst to the player, if you do not back track to one of the first areas of the game before going to the city then a secret boss will kill a bunch of late game store vendors with exclusive items and there is no way to reverse this so by the time you find out you're towards the end of a playthrough.-Another for instance, in most games you meet vendors and upgrade your weapons and armor without a second thought except for maybe the final upgrade.  In this game, every upgrade uses items available in limited quantities per playthrough and you also end up getting access to other vendors much later in the game who end up needing those items including a very late game vendor who sells weapons which when purchased will be available at the start of all subsequent playthroughs but the kicker is that he needs ALL of the limited amount of an item which you will have probably used one or two of by that point.  It is a very frustrating system that seems designed to encourage you to play again but leaves a sour taste in the mouth which will discourage any player who hasn't had a walkthrough open next to them.-Fast travel is almost non existant. you can zip between the three towns but thats it which can be a bit annoying."
76561198095924054,Recommended,252030,34135489,Posted: 9 August,all,FusionJay,"Fun game but started to feel like a chore close to the end.What I dislike about it:1.Hard to navigate. Didn't seem to have a global map, I had to look online for it.2.Objective not clear at times and I had no clear indication to where exactly I was suppose to go. Alot of trial and error type of thing.3.Traveling was a pain. I've spent most of the time on foot, alot of back tracking.4.Too much content can ruined a thing, well personally for me anyways.5.Most of the super moves and assistant required leveling up which added more to the grinding.6. Final boss felt unfair especially if you didn't have the right equipment.7.random item dropsWhat I liked about it:1.stats and skill points you spend on your character everytime you level up. The MAX level cap that can be reach is 20.2.Combat was fun and challenging3. Enjoyed the different boss fights and optional ones4.cool  special finisher when rescuing one of your crew members or basically finding them.5.The game has replayability since different characters have different abilities and the story is told from their point of view but in truth I'm not going to return because of the navigation issue.6.Obtaining items to craft new gear or weapons which can be fun at times.This game is a metrovania genre and it can have its ups and down. I got it for $3 and I think its resonable to buy for anyone looking to try."
