user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,252250,15230304,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,castorquinn,"Early access reviewof build 0.47.  Ignore the steam playtime; I bought this outside of steam at 0.3x.It's not often I write a negative review, especially of early access games - either it's too soon to tell, or the game is so bad that Jim Sterling will deal with it.  Maia, though, I want to warn people off, for now.Maia should not be in early access at this time, and it certainly should not have a ticket price of $25.  This is an alpha stage game, with serious, fundamental flaws that need to be worked on before this can be an enjoyable beta experience.Maiais a colony builder, likeSpacebase DF9orRimworld.  It takes theTownsapproach of letting you set tasks and build spaces but not directly control the colonists.  With good AI and balanced priorities this works well; without it, you get issues as with Towns.  Maia is somewhere in between: the AI isn't very good, but there is so little going on in the gameworld that it's just about good enough, unless you do something weird.Graphically I like Maia.  It's got a 1980s styrofoam-and-foil aesthetic, with big-head robots and Space: 1999 jumpsuits.  The graphics are very unpolished, but this game I think qualifies as alpha at this stage, so that will come.The UI is just so bad.  It is clunky, awkward to use, with unintuitive keybindings, an absence of necessary information in the overlay, no easy way to check what your colonists are doing, and an annoying over-sensitivity to screen scrolling when you're trying to get the obnoxious and imprecise mouse cursor over the icons.  Drawing rooms is a chore, which is an issue when that is pretty much the only thing you can currently do in the game.It's also very poorly optimised.  Running on min settings, with a mid-range computer in excess of the recommended specs, I get memory crashes, terrible frame rate issues, and periodic freezing as the game tries to calculate something.  I've spent a lot of time on forums trying to find ways to address these issues at my end, with no luck; I'm not the only person with this experience.  A certain level of poor optimisation is to be expected with early access, but not to the degree where it derails your playing.Development is okay.  I feel like they should be further along than they are at this point.  For over a half a million dollars in funding and a year and a half since the first playable build, it should be further along than this.  I think Maia, Towns, DF9 et al illustrate one central truth about town-management games: they take time to develop.  If you over-promise, you get DF9; if you rush and then run out of hype, you get Folk Tale; if you don't nail the AI, you get Towns.  Dwarf Fortress didn't happen overnight; without having to worry about graphics or platform integration that game took years to get to anything like a quality gaming experience.And that's principally why I am warning against Maia.  For a well-funded game to be charging $25 for an early access build that isn't optimised, isn't visually polished, doesn't have basic features, lacks solid AI, and is without the diversity of content you need for a game in this genre, that's not a good investment.  I accept that an early access game will be content-light, will have areas needing to be polished, but when a colony-manager after this much work still doesn't have basic UI, AI and optimisation sorted out, they are going to have no chance of adding more content without bringing the game crashing down.I want this game to succeed, but they don't need more money, and you don't need the current experience of Maia.  Give them until the end of the year, see where they're at then; they will either have fixed these issues by overhauling basically the core of the game, or it will have gone the way of Folk Tale.  Either way you'll have your answer."
,Not Recommended,252250,8600289,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lurtle,"Don't get me wrong; this is a great game...Or should I say,WILLbe a great game.As I've seen in many reviews, this game is full of potential, but it is really too early to do anything. There are nearly no features, and progress is slow although on its way.Theprice isa welltoo steepconsidering how early it is in development.There are plenty of great ideas, it is quite original, and I love sandbox games...but so far I've faced no challenges/purpose to complete tasks (also there are no damned tasks)."
,Recommended,252250,7909963,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,"Hail to the king, baby","Looks very promising early access game, plays very much like Prison Architect and Dungeon Keeper 2 combined. However, it is still very early early access. Even the most basic stuff worked only half the time, my colonists just disappeared for no reason, and after about 15 minutes, 3 of them got stuck in... well, nothing. If you are one of us suckers who can't resists another game that could be like Dwarf Fortress lite, go ahead and buy this game, but not yet. It's still in early alpha, and while it looks pretty, there's really no game yet."
,Not Recommended,252250,7948310,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Atomicnom,"Do not buy this. I regret Maia more than any other useless, unplayable purchase in the dark history of Early Access. Maia is absolutely beneath what's acceptable to release as an EA game. It does not even meet the minimum bar of quality for paid alphas.As of this updated review, you're still paying for an extremely limited demo sandbox where you can place objects and watch animations happen. The setting can't decide whether it wants to be a realistic simulator (vital statistics on each colonist, food/water/atmosphere required for survival) or a complete joke (giant fuzzy extraterrestrial life).User interface design is not good, and it's difficult to tell what each control does. The current main controls for Maia are a series of badly documented hotkeys. One of the only good new features: you can skip the tutorial now.But if you take one thing away from this review: the bugs areshow-stoppinglybad. I've experienced sudden framerate slowdowns on both Mac and PC, as well as crashes-to-desktop for no discernable reason. The colonist and robot AI will get stuck in walls or stand next to piles of rubble on no notice. There appears to be very little QA before each release, and minimal progress in fixing the crash bugs since I wrote my last review in 2013 December.Summer 2015 Update: It still sucks. I'm not even going to sugar-coat this. It crashes and freezes even more than it did last year, and there's still no resource management or objectives to speak of. They literally just added more framerate-drop-inducing wildlife.Maia isn't worth paying for and probably never will be. I used to think something good might come of it eventually, but after more than a year and a half I've lost all hope.Summer 2016 Update: Still pretty unstable. They finally made time to fix a few bugs."
76561198031302987,Not Recommended,252250,10267176,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,jagdtiger,"Maia shows promise, although in the way of being so little more than a bare-bones engine, that anything is possible in the end. It could be that (judging by the progress speed that makes continental drift seem fast) in half a decade it will evolve into the most amazing colony sim ever. Or not. Who knows?But at the moment, it's NOT a good use of your money. As was said, it pushes the limit of what is acceptable to release as ""early access"". It's just a bare-bones graphics engine, with some minimal and BROKEN animations, a non-functional AI, and no save and reload either, so your progress WILL be lost each time you exit.And by ""non-functional AI"" I don't mean ""might not prioritize right"", but as in ""doesn't even work, or not for long."" Colonist AI routinely craps itself and either stops building anything any more (lucky version) or you just get a colonist going catatonic in the airlock and never moving any more (more usual version.) And when you do get it to work for half an hour, it will prioritize the hilariously wrong thing, like everyone keeping repairing the doors instead of building the air purifier.Now that might be palatable (not really) in a game where you can direct them around, like in The Sims, and the AI only keeps them alive in between. But here you can't direct them, and the WHOLE premise is that they do their own thing, a broken AI just means a broken game.Etc.Really, it has no excuse to be released at this early and dysfunctional stage. It may eventually be worth playing. Save your money for then.Update for 0.44:Upon starting the game, I proceeded to place the workshop and dig a small tunnel to one side, and a 4x4 tile hole there. Partially because you NEED minerals, and partially because I needed somewhere to place the hydroponics bay. I must stress that I wasn't digging some grand ballroom hall, and I was mindful that it has plenty of all rock walls on all sides, because I did read the update notes about earthquakes. When that was about half-way dug, the ceiling promptly collapsed, squashing the only digger robot and two of four colonists, who were there to take minerals.So basically, instead of fixing the existing problems, it just added a random ""*BANG* you're dead!"" event, the hallmark of incompetent game design. Yippee.Well, regardless of how you personally feel about that kind of events, to my mind it just further illustrated the point of why shouldn't you buy a game that's not even in alpha yet: you don't know what you're going to get for your money. The kind of gameplay elements that the final mix will have can just as well be what you like, or what you hate, and there's no way to know which it will be, as there doesn't even seem to be any plan."
76561198032552620,Not Recommended,252250,17359882,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Elendurwen,"EDIT PLAYING 0.62:This game still sucks :( The interface is terrible. Text is not well visible over the background, the UI switches to things happening outside while you are placing objects inside of base. Or it shows some random email while you are building - why is this engine in charge of what I see all the time???There is almost zero sesnse of the base's resources. Sometimes things don't get built but I can't figure out why. Do I not have enough material? Is the building itself bugged? I can't tell because there is no UI to get this info!!!The game still crashes while playing.The missions are too hard. It's not easy to fulfill objectives unless you have every single move planned upfront. I.e. after failing numerous times.IMHO, the developers keep failing in game design. Yes, building your own engine is great, well done, you can pat yourselves on the back. Now get someone who can actually make things playable for people!REVIEW OF 0.49:I just had a look at the 0.49 and regrettably I must say I wouldn't recommend this game. I bought it around 0.47 because it looked so good on paper but here is why you actually shouldn't get it in my opinion, at least in its current state:- the updates have been increasingly rare- the updates that it does get add new functionality that seems random while it doesn't improve the (lack of ) core game play- there is no sense in the game of what you are supposed to be doing - e.g. how much material / food / colonists in total you have. They just added reports on power which is great, but every game like this has an overview window that shows you your resources so that you know what you need to be getting next. That, to me, seems more important than adding weapons, for instance.- there is no sense of why accidents happen - e.g. all my atmosphere generators exploded all at once - I have no idea why! And the colonists don't seem to care, they just walk around. You would expect major panic if something like this happened in the real life (the game is supposed to be a simulation, right?)Before you all start accusing me of not knowing what alpha is - I know very well. I'm a dev myself.In my opinion, the devs here should stop adding more functionality that create more breadth and isntead focus on improving the gamer's experience to create depth. Make a game out of this. Because at the moment, it seems like bunch of functionality stitched together. Give us a reason to play! Experimenting with new features is great, but wears off after you've built everything. The game is not interesting after that.  Give us a sense of what we are doing and why we are doing it!"
,Recommended,252250,7910584,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kalle_Paulsen,"If you like Sci fi Sandboxer games, this might be for you.There are some design kinks that need to get worked out tho, and of course it still requires some content. But for all its worth i give it my approval.Simon, the developer really cares for what his players think about the game and you should totally join their forums as well, to give feedback and get yourself into the process of making this one awesome Sci Fi Game.Original Text:Yeah no more early access games for me.I really love to support Indie game developers (and i did by buying this i guess) But to be fair and honest: This is not even Alpha. This is barely a short demo tops. No menus, no full screen, the game starts right away (by the way those darn messages are WAY too friggin fast!) So in the best interest for this game, which really seems to have potential. Let's wait for late beta i'd say. Do not let your opinion form just right now. By getting this now, you'll probably walk away from it, saying ""what rubbish did i got again?"" (like me). There is just so much missing that would make it an Alpha right now. I really like to see this evolving. But for now my thump remains down. If the game progresses in an acceptable manner i might rewrite this here and lift the thump."
76561198004276372,Not Recommended,252250,31813818,Posted: 17 May,all,glumiv,"This game breaks my heart about once a month or once every other month.I have followed this game for a while now and i visit the blog every so often ( whenever i remember to ) and in all that time I have never in my life been able to have a colony that doesn't completely collapse because people get stuck, or items get left in the build queue or people die / starvation of completely unknown reasons.I almost wish that the developer would leave the priority queue logging messages in so i could figure out where they are getting stuck and keep my colony alive long enough to see what the game is about.I tried again today while taking a short break and yet again i watched one person die right in front of a full water barrel from dehydration and another die of starvation while stadning in front of a ration.And meanwhile we get the addition of lava.If I could even get to lava.I will update this if it ever changes. Right now it feels like a tech demo destined for vaporware."
,Not Recommended,252250,13134403,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,imPyre,"I love the idea of this game... it also looks really great. The weather effects are awesome. That being said, I have purchase several games in alpha and beta stages. I have been in invite-only beta tests also. I know what to expect and what not to expect from games in early stages, and this one is terrible. The developer clearly has little idea of what he's doing from a procedural point of view. In the time i've owned this game here's what's happened: several patches have been released, but the big problems haven't been resolved... neat new little content has been added, but with the game unplayable it makes little difference. This game is sure to disappoint over and over again. I waited so long to write this review because I wanted to see if some progress would be made, but it hasn't. The worst part of it is that the developer has had to go off steam (on kickstarter) to continue to raise money. Please save yourself the headache of downloading this game. If you do try to play, here are a few tips.1) Save often. F5 saves and F9 loads... the icons at the top right also save and load, i'll let you try to figure out which is which2) The AI is always getting stuck in stupid loops or just shutting down. This happens every few minutes like clockwork... you must save, exit the game, and restart it to continue playing.3) Things don't update like they should... if you mine ore but can't figure out why it isn't being moved to storage... it's probably AI to blame again... another reload should help.4) Sometimes things stop working inexplicably, If the airlock breaks and cannot be repaired, you must start a new game. some things can be repaired though, so who knows.5) Always place two doors on rooms... if the door breaks and needs repair, but your people are inside of the room, and the guys outside the room are too tired to do it and the door that's broken leads to the sleeping area... they might decide not to repair it and instead die from lack of sleep... leaving the others trapped inside to starve6) Just get in the habit of restarting the game every few minutes7) Don't bother with research, it causes bugs which basically cause the game to crash beyond a certain point... meaning you'll never get past that point without starting yet another new game.8) Use windows 7 or vista, and make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card (and by that I mean have a graphics card that uses newer drivers) The dev doesn't like helping with bugfixing if your computer doesn't use the latest drivers, despite the fact that some older cards (like the ones in my windows 7 machine) have old drivers (even if they are the ""most up to date"" they are still like 2 years old) and that still others (like on my windows 8 acer machine) require the use of special drivers provided by the OEM which may not be the ""latest and greatest"".9) Don't expect too much, this way you won't be disappointed.Edit: still... don't buy this game. It's on sale, but seriously... you wouldn't play it more than 30 minutes, even if it were free.UPDATE: 21 May 2015... I'm not sure how it's even possible, but the game is even worse now than it was before.UPDATE: 1 Sep 2017... Still going to be a negative on the recommendation. I advise staying away from this one a little while longer. The dev has continued on pretty much the same trajectory. New features, new bells and whistles, and failure to address very long-standing issues with the game. It still has graphical glitches everywhere. Sometimes a door will be stuck closed because of power outages, but it will never update. It looks open, but noone can get inside. Upon reloading you'll go ""oh, that's why they weren't building anything... they couldn't get to the workbench"". Sometimes colonists become unresponsive but seem to still be standing around. AI has improved, but not by much. Resolution problems and graphics problems. None of my OTHER games require disabling overlays or nvidia share. None of my other games are affected so horrendously by UI scaling (if you go fullscreen and can't click the buttons, that's probably why... this game hates UI scaling). None of my other games break horribly when my gpu drivers are a couple weeks out of date. The dev is better at writing exuse posts blaming the flaws in his code on everyone else's setup than he is at writing code to fix problems and address issues. The game is not as awful as it was, but at this rate it'll never be a thumbs-up game. In the past couple hours I've only had one crash-to-desktop."
76561197973546137,Not Recommended,252250,27391335,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Telcontar,"Review as of November 24th, version .59 (invasion update), 5 hours of play time:I've had my eye on this game for awhile and decided to take the plunge. However, this game is still in a state where it requires testers more than players. The base gameplay is still too buggy and unbalanced to provide much enjoyment, although I can anticipate having a great deal of fun with Maia when it is further along.I will update this review from time to time as the game develops."
76561198008692494,Not Recommended,252250,15515343,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Dr. Sedula,"Hard to vote this down -- the concept is great, and the team is clever, and dedicated to the project.One day, this will be an awesome game, but right now -- even as an Alpha -- I honestly feel Maia is too rough, and too early in its development cycle, to appeal to anyone beyond those who are fully committed to the testing and review of something in the earliest of prototypical stages.Another way to put it? I regret spending money on Maia in its current state -- but I expect I'll be glad of the purchase later on in the Alpha development life cycle."
76561197999725847,Not Recommended,252250,19701696,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nightwalker,"***DO NOT BUY THIS GAME***.56 update: Now the game has been updated so it'll work on modern video cards, so the game now runs.. HOWEVER, the game it's self is still unplayable. Colonists will just randomy starve to death even though there is food, livestock will spawn uncontrolalbly if you create a livestock area and cause all of your oxygen to be sucked up (the chickens don't die, but the colonists do). The funny thing is, there's an article from years ago that says the developer knew the chicken spawing rate was insane, but left it as-is because he thought it was amusing. Haha funny, we'er all laughing at a game-breaking bug you never bothered to fix (esp. since now it seems chickens are needed so colonists don't starve).Colonists won't build a door to save their life, quite literally.  Some things which should be automatic aren't (like converting raw materials into usable materials--the smelter isn't automatic, and can't be made to be automatic). Robots still get stuck, although the addition of repar robots is progress in the right direction (if they didn't get stuck).  UI is buggy. I had the tool tips say I was placing a ""Dog: wooof!"" for everything: items, rooms, etc (restart fixed that). Had another case were I couldn't see any of the update texts to know why a colnist died etc.The game is playable for the first 10 minutes, then it crashes and burns in a cesspool of bad game logic.I've given this game, and the developer, a chance for years now. I'm done. He has never fixed the core game logic, and, at this point, I doubt he ever will.  In fact, as of .57, he's added more logic that causes colonists to die even faster.----.54 update: The game now has issues with modern video cards using OpenGL 4.5 --it won't launch, and, instead, will try and ""fall back"" to OpenGL3, and then finally fail.Stay away from this game. Looks like the dev may have tried to make his own game engine--Unity would have worked fine here. No wonder why game developent is taking so blasted long.---Instead of fixing bugs and major playability issues (which are boring to do),  the developer has focused on adding features (which are fun to do, but pointless if the game core is broken). The only thing this ""game"" will provide you with is frustration. It isn't even a beta quality project yet/Watch your colonits wander around inside your base and suffocate because they never bothered to take their space suits off. Have your colonists starve to death because they're too busy walking in circiles or standing still to eat. Watch your base equipment catch fire and burn because colonits are too busy fixing a door they just fixed a minute ago than to maintain equipment--and watch equpment filair up far more often than is fun. And come on? A work lamp becoming atorch and burning an entire room of hydroponics? That's just stupid-- no light would explode and start a fire because nobody had touched it for hours.The UI also leaves much to be desired. The UI is both keyboard and mouse based, and the keyboard element isn't well explained,. There also is no scrolling through messages, so if the text doesn't fit all on the screen (such the case with stored research), then you won't be able to read it at all."
,Recommended,252250,10520102,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,etherflan,"Brilliant concept and engaging mechanics.Absolutely horrific UI.""Make sure that the system communicates what’s happening.  Always inform your users of location, actions, changes in state, or errors. The use of various UI elements to communicate status and, if necessary, next steps can reduce frustration for your user. "" There isn't even any indication you saved. For that matter there is no keybinding available.""Use typography to create hierarchy and clarity. Carefully consider how you use typeface. Different sizes, fonts, and arrangement of the text to help increase scanability, legibility and readability.""Needing to hover over somethign for 30 seconds to read the tooltip is not okay.Let's use the basics:""1. Does this interface tell me what I need to know right now?2. Is it easy to find the information I'm looking for, or do I have to look around for it? (Are the menus nested so deep that they hide information from the player?)3. Can I use this interface without having to read instructions elsewhere?4. Are the things I can do on this screen obvious?5. Do I ever need to wait for the interface to load or play an animation?6. Are there any tedious or repetitive tasks that I can shorten (with a shortcut key, for example) or remove entirely?"" Maia fails to pass any of these test except for number 6, and even that is only half passed as you need to search the internet just to find the keybindings.Great game, with an unplayable UI/UX.But, hey, it is early access."
76561198021919326,Not Recommended,252250,28355653,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,xyrill,"This game has a lot of promise, and the dev is actively involved in it still.  However, it has been a long time since I first tried this, and many features are nothing more than game breaking concepts at this time.  There are so many things wrong with the state of the game that have remained that way through so many updates I have waning hope of ever seeing this finished.  Right now it's pretty much unplayable.  Go ahead and pick it up if you want to be a tester, and report things that have already been reported for months or years.  Don't get this until 1.0 if you just want to jump in a play.  I still have faith we'll get to that point some day... some day..."
,Not Recommended,252250,24521268,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Wisq,"Unless you really like frustration and lack of information as to why things aren't working, I'd steer clear of this for now.Maia's concept basically takes Dwarf Fortress and puts it into space, on another planet.  That's both a good and a bad thing.Like DF, you decide what needs to get done, and the colonists go off and do that on their own, with no direct control.  Unlike DF, if a colonist is unable to do something, you don't actually get any sort of message as to why — it just doesn't get done.Like DF, it's being built by a solo developer, who is focusing way more on adding new features than on fixing bugs, even old or important ones.  Unlike DF, those bugs aren't things like ""military training isn't working"" — they're game-breaking things like ""none of my colonists will go outside to make a wind turbine to generate power for the atmosphere generators, so they all die due to lack of oxygen"".Even once you get through the first few steps and get a real colony going, it's only a matter of time before colonists just up and decide they can't do some critical thing and they'd all prefer to die, and you don't get any indication why.My suggestion to the developer would be: Even if it's not part of your vision on how the final game will look — for now, give us some debugging tools!  Even if they're off by default, we need some way to show us what our colonists are up to, what tasks need doing, why they aren't being done, how priorities work, etc.  For one, it's just too frustrating to play without those right now; and two, they would enable us to give you actually helpful bug reports, instead of just vague statements like ""nobody would go outside so they all died"".Sadly, my experience playing Maia for several hours today was basically the same as my experience back in 2014.  A ton of stuff has been added, but the game feels exactly as inscrutable and unplayable now as it did back then.  I love the concept, I hope it becomes a great game someday, and I appreciate the difficulties a solo developer faces on a project of this size, but I can't base a review on hope and speculation."
,Not Recommended,252250,18633084,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Purple Farmer,"Updated Review 0.62Problems:* Contruction is weird when building two rooms adjacent to each other... the second room will have space used up by a hallway you didn't place.... why?  The blueprint didn't show that.* Font for colonist selection screen is almost unreadable at my resolution.  It really needs to scale with resolution size.* No way to prioritize what gets contructed first... and the AI isn't smart about it either. No food... well we'll work on something other than the greenhouse....* AI problems.* Letters/messages take a long time to scroll on the screen.  Annoying.* Game could really use a UI element that shows your bases inventory, oxygen, etc... So that you don't have to click over to the storage or the ? button over, and over and over again.* Lack of useful information.-  Ok.  Red means you can't build something, green means it's ok.  But wtf does yellow and orange mean?  There should be a tooltip explaining what's wrong with the location.- Why is something not being built.  Am I out of resources?  Is everyone too tired?  Can noone get to it?  When you hover over a construction project, it should show a tooltip saying if there is enough resources to build it or if its waiting for an available worker.- Are people idle?  Or is there something else preventing them from work?  Can't tell.- What workshop buildings do I need?  Are some of these just upgrades?  Or do I require some for building specific objects... No clue at all in the game.- Still no way to tell how much air their is in a room.Pros:* It was neat that colonists would make suggestions that have possible positive and negative consequences.* Looks nice.(The game has improved allot, it is in a much, much better condition than it was before.)0.57 ReviewMain Problems:* Lots and lots of unecessary micro.Ex:  You can build space heaters... but you have to manually turn them on and off as rooms go from too cold to too hot, apparently they can build robots, but not a rheostat. :-PEx:  Accoding to his youtube, if you don't manually operate the furnace, to smelt the ore... It has a chance of breaking down!  Cookie clicker isn't the best source of inspiration. :-P* Lack of useful information.- People dying.  They need to call for help or something.  So that the user can get an indication that something is wrong.  Example:  I had a colonist die from dehydration.  I had barrels of water and a water still.  Never got a warning saying colonist thirsty and I have no clue why they died.  (Stuck someplace maybe?  Bug?  I have no clue.  Which is the problem.)- Why is something not being built.  Am I out of resources?  Is everyone too tired?  Can noone get to it?- Are people idle?  Or is there something else preventing them from work?  Can't tell.- What workshop buildings do I need?  Are some of these just upgrades?  Or do I require some for building specific objects... No clue at all in the game.Pros:Looks nice.Overview:I tired it out again and quit as I found the lack of useful information and all the micro really annoying.  It also felt agonizingly slow... but I suspect that was because of soemthing the peons where lacking, just no clue in game as to what that is.  (Sleep, workbenches, resources, something else?)Still don't recommend buying the game.Old review I had was for 0.51"
,Recommended,252250,23677306,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[SeL] Fly,"It's not done. It's a half baked game that had a long road behind it and still has a long one ahead of it. The AI needs work, the balance needs work, the ""endgame"" doesn't really exist yet and in general you have a very obviously unfinished game in front of you.And still it's something I would recommend.The first question with every Early Access game is of course ""Will it ever be finished?"" And in this case I have a pretty good feeling, the patches come fairly frequently and they do improve the game. It's a slow progress (afaik it's a one-man show), but there is steady progress, with updates happening roughly monthly. New things get added and bugs get patched.The game itself is in a good enough state to be playable, provided you're willing to go through a try and error phase. There are some quirks that you'll have to find out so you can avoid them next time. Like how to arrange beds so colonists don't get up from one and lie down in the next one constantly 'til they starve to death. Or where to build (and where not to build) various pieces of furniture.You will restart the game often. Then again, there isn't much of an endgame in it yet anyway. If this is something you like, you're in for a great game. If you're more the kind of person who doesn't like starting over and wants to ""progress"" into something, you might want to wait until there's something you can progress to. Right now there isn't really much linear gameplay available, once survival is established, there's little left to be done but to start over and try again with a new team and maybe a new map."
76561198044021122,Recommended,252250,21752111,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Китафокс,"Ok, so I'm going to do a review of this game in its current state of 0.54.Overall, this game isn't bad.The graphics are ok, especially since it isn't a AAA engine. (The rain kinda is wanked, but that is with most games that are top down) The concept is, in my opinion, one of the best parts of the game and I'd love to see it reach its goal. Making it into the game a few hours, I finally built a lab and was able to start doing research, though it doesn't lead to anything yet. But based on the reserach that I completed and finished, it seems that the goal it to eventually get a tech tree of some sort into the game which would increase the time to ""finish"" the game and also increase replayability.So, since this is a great concept and it seems to be on its way, what is the problem? I personaly feel like I don't know if it will ever get to its goal and dream. I've seen so many early access games come and go and never get fully finished. Like I said, the concept is great, but with a UI that needs work, menus that are slightly confusing and an AI that really doesn't seem to know what it is doing, I just don't know. Hopefully I'll get proved wrong.So, breaking down the issues with the game I'll start with the UI. The UI doesn't provide enough information at a glance. It is slightly cumbersome and it provides so few functions in general. As for the menus I'll just give a few examples; the load and save buttons aren't in the ""esc"" menu but are buttons in the upper right of your screen... ok, not bad sounding... but they aren't labeled so I lost a two hour base because I hit the ""load"" and not ""save"" icon. Another example of the UI needing work is the building menu. To switch between items as of now, one has to press ""Q"" and ""E"" a design choice I personally don't get. And that latter brings me into my last point or the AI being wonky. I can get around most of the other issues, but the AI is my biggest gripe right now. I can't tell my colonists what to do by say clicking on them and then clicking on a task I want the to complete. In some cases, this can lead to many deaths. I can set up many tasks, with the first thing I tried to build being a heater, and they'll do other things first, and die from hypothermia. lol. I mean, if I'm freezing to death, I'll build a heater first. But, IDK, maybe they know more than me.So, in the end I'm going to recommend this game with a caution. Beware of what you are getting. It is, as I said, a great concept and I think that all the negative reviews don't do it quite justice and I want to see this succeed as I miss games like this. However, I think that my fear of it not being finished or what it could be may still be well founded."
76561198010093294,Recommended,252250,9596310,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mekkis,"This game has a lot of potential, excellent aesthetic and theme -- but even for an alpha it's buggy as hell.  Unless you're an expert at debugging code, it's probably best to wait until the game's farther along in development before you pay anything for it."
,Recommended,252250,18675767,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ThrownIntoSol,"Maia - Early AccessA Dungeon Keeper-esque space-colony builder with minimalist UItldr - I like it. Maia shows great promise, and has a very low chance of succumbing to Early Access Syndrome.GameplayYour base is built into a mountain (the atmosphere of the titular Maia is toxic). If your colonists need to go outside (to build solar stills for water, wind turbines/solar arrays for power, collecting researchable things like non-sentient alien creatures and plants, or meteorites, etc) they will use the airlock. The suits they use outside are cumbersome and slow.Inside the mountain-base you designate (much like Dungeon Keeper) areas to be mined out. Once empty areas can have rooms (such as a workshop, a research room, a living area, a hydroponics room, etc) built into them. You must then place a door, and other context specific items (for example workbenches and 3D-printers in the workshop, or beds/couches and toilets in the living area).Once a game starts you must quickly build a workshop, and add a workbench. Once that is done you must build a power system (wind turbine/solar array, or a geo-thermal power plant as well as a ""fly-wheel"" energy storage (battery). Once a power system has been built you must place atmosphere generators. That all takes care of your urgent needs. You must however secure a food source (hydroponics, or animal farms) and continually satisfy the needs of your colonists.You do not directly control your colonists.A note on the minimal UIThe devs of this game have stated from the outset that they don't want to 'spoon-feed' players to much information, and have designed the game in such a way that players must work for information. There is no ""emotion bubble"" that floats above your colonists, only biometric data like respiration rate, perspiration rate, heart-beats per minute, etc. This is just one example of a system that promotes player interaction and investigation as opposed to unrewarding spoon-feeding. All the information you'll need is there, you just have to find it.ProsA cool, and compelling theme.Easy to understand game mechanics.A tutorial (I'm serious, how many games have a proper tutorial while in Early Access!).ConsNo traditional savegames, instead you play one game at a time that can be continued if you exit the game and come back.No bordered window mode.Lacks detailed options (but there are resolution, anti-aliasing and quality options).No goals/missions other than survival (Although the latest update has added three scripted missions).Still in Early Access.The normal price of $24.99 is arguably too high for the current build (but will be a good price once Maia is feature complete).The Early Access ProblemMaia is still in Early Access (As I write this, Alpha version 0.51) which poses several problems with a recommendation. When it comes to Early Access many promising games are either; abandoned by their developers halfway through development, developed in such a way that early-adopters are angered, or have their developers react angrily from criticism. I believe that Maia, although not immune from such problems, is certainly free of them for the foreseeable future.Dev AbandonmentMaia has received regular updates, both small 'hotfixes' and major updates. The two latest major updates, Alpha 0.50 and Alpha 0.51 were deployed on the 3rd September 2015, and 22 October 2015 respectively. Each update adds a lot of new content, and fixes bugs.The developer, Simon Roth, is also very active on Twitter and happily answers questions.Bad DevelopmentSome Early Access games have started out promising but developed along different lines than what was promised. I don't think Maia is at risk of that as it's clear from development and the content of updates that Simon and his team have a clear plan and is sticking to it. Hopefully this will protect against feature-creep, and I have seen no evidence that it isn't.Naughty DevelopersSome strong games have been let down by their developers being taking criticism very badly and being rude - which does sometimes make people shy away from their games and makes adapters regret supporting such devs and their games. Simon and his team do not appear to be the type to do any of this though, as Simon is quite open on Twitter and I have never seen or heard any complaints regarding his behaviour.I wrote this review after playing 6.2 hours of Maia."
76561197992189182,Recommended,252250,32011511,Posted: 27 May,all,Justice,"I ended up reversing my first review. My initial complaint was about the lack of feedback. This still holds true at the start of the game! If you can keep your colony alive past the first few desperate days the game does become more intuitive. At that point I found the game much more entertaining. You now must play a balancing game, ""Do I risk sending colonists outside during a meteor swarm to build more power generation, or can I risk a loss of power?"" I do like the unique feedback system that comes in hints in the Emails sent by your colonists. I see a lot of potential for this game.But! The reason why I originally did not recommend this game is still there. The first few days of the game are still a black box, with only one path forward to survive. I hypothesize that the difference between life or death can measured in how many steps the colonists must take to get between rooms. That’s harsh for the first few minutes of the game! In the end I never did solve this initial hurdle, but had to watch and copy the developer’s video blog.So, welcome to Maia, a death world where the Reaper is breathing down your neck!P.S. And, remember it is still in Alpha."
,Not Recommended,252250,16405222,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Falkkon,"Bugged, uninteresting. I tried to like it, I really did - I love these kind of games, and it's pretty hard to go wrong by me when it comes to sci-fi micromanagement.I've been playing since pretty early, trying to get the game to do what I want. But, it won't. I find myself constantly having to save and reload the game in order to ""kickstart"" the AI to doing what they should be doing, which hasn't been fixed since I bought it some time ago. Graphically speaking, ignore the screenshots - it's a lot of lense flare and lighting and effects trying to cover poor textures and untenable design.Updates are SLOW. This latest update seems to have been a weekend of drawing a couple of textures and dropping the script into the game. This is what counts as an update.Beyond all that, you spend about a half hour of playtime and pretty much experience everything the game will ever have to offer. Seriously. Colonists eating. Colonists sleeping. Colonists running here and there doing tasks that feel as mundane as this game is.I'll try again when it gets to Beta, but..."
,Not Recommended,252250,12384387,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Etheras,"I have to say, this is a game I want to like. Its a great concept, but the execution is very poor.I've been patronizing this game's early access since it was available for early access, and while some bugs have been fixed, numerous game-breaking bugs still remain. Its pretty-much unplayable still, despite several months development since its initial release.Glitches in character AI get them stuck in routines that eventually lead to their deaths. For example, eating and sleeping, repeat et infinitum, while not working on the hyroponics bay. The AI seems to get deadlocked quite a lot. Since the characters start running to the food and then eating, I assume that the value for hunger isn't being reset properly.There are also animation problems that seem to somehow reflect character position. Character position in the world should not be a function of the 3D engine. The location of objects should be purely data, which is then rendered. The reason why I suspect this isn't the case in Maia is because characters ""jump"" back, particularly after a collision with a wall. Yes - they walk into walls and then teleport back a few steps. So the pathfinding is bad too. I think this is because the objects in the world are not on a real ""grid"" system. While rooms might be, everything else seems to be kinda ""free-floating"" and placable anywhere in the room / outside. While this would be cool, it doesn't work right, so its not cool.Also the object rotation system is very annoying. It would be much better if there were a ""spin by increment"" key prior to object placement. And objects can intersect eachother, which makes no sense.Additionally 6 mo after launch there's still no save / load system. The game still starts with invalid start conditions (breaches in the base start point to the outside world makes colonists unable to move around in the cavern without space suits, and the airlock is on the other side of the base). There is no way to make a new game without exiting to desktop and starting the game over. The settings are very minimal, and there are enormous problems with resolution. You click and it changes, in a cycle, rather than selecting from a menu. This is terrible because it saves the last setting, and there's no ""does this resolution work for you?"" dialog. This means you can get yourself into unusable settings and be unable to get out.Also the game performance is really quite bad.Meanwhile the creators are adding content while there are still problems with the fundamental mechanics of the game. I wonder if they understand how unusable the game is right now...."
,Recommended,252250,29997662,Posted: 17 February,all,faemir,"Hardcore sci-fi in the vein of Dungeon Keeper, Theme Hospital et al.Constant development and improvement make this game more enjoyable with each revisiting."
76561197970357229,Not Recommended,252250,22988763,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Serrasalmus,"I really want this game to work.Its right up my alley. Love the concept, can live with the graphics etc. Problem is, its really unfriendly. The AI is atrocious. The robot particularly has less CPU power than my 1985 casio calculator.The game is twitchy....some times I play, I get much further....other times....turn it off in 5 minutes. The difference  ? Nothing to do with the difficulty or my play style --> the game just decides to be either dumb or dumber.Dont regret getting this, but wish the developer would stop adding more content and just get whats already in it sorted.As many on here, I come back to it every now and again.....just to see if it is in a playable state....At present....in my opinion...it isnt."
,Not Recommended,252250,14121474,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Cobraman202,"I bought this game a while bacl (2013) and this game still has a long way to go. The AI is VERY buggy and doesn't act human, or reasonable,  the game runs VERY poorly. I have a gtx 770, and when I run this game at 1080p with AA off, the game will drop down to 22fps after a lot of assets are placed."
76561198079202405,Recommended,252250,31301020,Posted: 22 April,all,The Last Nigel,"It seems this game doesn't do a good job of showing what it is/is not.Maia *is not* a game where you can micro-manage people, fiddle with spreadsheets and build queues.Maia *is* a game where you try to build a base with (and for) a bunch of colonists that will allow them to survive on a hostile alien world. The colonists handle (most) prioritisation of tasks, they handle what they will and will not build, they handle most of their needs; the game is working out what rooms or equipment they need to fulfill those needs and explore the world they have landed on, without dying.The lack of build queues is not a bug, the lack of spreadsheets containing task prioritisations and other ways to fiddle is not a bug. The developer has (rightly) decided these things exist in other games to patch over bad AI and we have just normalised them. In software development these things are called 'leaky abstractions' and are not desirable.It's been a long, hard slog to get the AI to the point where it works properly (AI is hard, BTW) and doesn't eventually do something dumb and kill itself, but with 0.61 I think we're at the point where it works pretty well.The one big minus with this game seems to be usability: the game doesn't show the player what it is (note: I don't use the word 'explain' here), meaning users have the expectation of spreadsheets and tweaking, and the build menus are cumbersome and slow to use.Maia is also working great for me on Linux (AMD/Mesa drivers). Simon Roth also is an alright bloke who's genuinely dedicated to finishing his game.==============Original, stupid review, which I still stand behind:Simon Roth is a great man, he has great hair. The best hair, everybody knows that. He has the best hair in gaming and he likes me a lot. Everyone likes me especially Simon Roth and his hair.I predicted Maia is going to be a great game, and it is, it is. 0.61 is the best game from early access in 2013 that might be released in 2017. That's what I said back in 2012 and I was right. And you know what goes into games like this? A lot of good stuff. Like Frustum Culling. Good stuff. Great hair. And I predicted that, and I was right."
76561198058872311,Recommended,252250,8665173,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Twirling Unicorn Slut,"I reccomend it to help out with its development this is one of those games that you can tell will be a great game when it a full release and even in Alpha it needs work but i can totally see its future and its looks amazing, the gameplay is pretty smooth for an alpha game, and the ideas are great."
,Not Recommended,252250,7998293,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Primus Palus,"I fully support indie development. I buy just about anything indie that pops up on Steam (that isn't 2D). So I saw this, the premise sounded interesting, so I grabbed it. I immediately got into the game and was presented with a VERY early release game that really shouldn't be on Steam at all.The game menu starts with ""Launch"", ""Settings"" and ""Abort"". Settings consists of... ""Toggle Fullscreen""... that's it. Nothing else. No keybinds, no graphics, no sounds, NOTHING. The other two menu options are self explanatory.In-game you're presented with a couple tutorial tasks, but it throws you into the world with no real understanding of how to build, what each item does, and what's really needed.I found myself being frustrated with some of the game functions like building a couch for example. If I hover a section of the room, it gives me the build for the couch. If I move around and accidently touch a wall or door, the build option turns into a door and I have to cycle back through the build items again (using V and B keys). Annoying.I branched my outpost out with additional rooms and my characters refused to venture into it. I was left with having to cheat build to get the rooms to finish. Then, after I did that (having waited minutes for the NPC's to do it), my characters ventured that way by walking through walls.I felt pretty disappointed with this title. That's not to say that with patches and updates it wont be decent. It's one of those early releases that I'm left scratching my head wondering why this was accepted by Steam, let alone at a price tag of $25. I just missed by 5 hours, a 25% off sale which is also quite disappointing.All in all... wait this one out. Give it time to really get fleshed out, and turn into a solid title before you give it a try. You might regret it now. I know I did."
,Recommended,252250,17939512,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hugh,"I work on Maia- So you should treat anything I say as biased, untrustworthy, probably composed of festering garbage.Short summary:Maia is a unique, captivating game. It explores the possibility of a human colony on an alien world. Even in its present unfinished state, Maia is worthy of purchase and full of potential for enjoyment and delight.OverviewI first encountered Maia at agame show in 2014.Being fascinated by space exploration, I was immediately sucked in. Maia 'gets' space exploration in the same way DayZ 'gets' zombies: The story is not the zombies, it is thepeople.In Maia, people are at the heart of the experience. They do what the want. They interact with each other. They may follow your orders, or they may laze about and die of starvation. They might threaten each other, become sad, grow happy, or develop relationships. They are truly a group of colonists, going about life on an alien world.GameplayInteraction with Maia is indirect. The player never builds structures, or conducts research. Instead, requests are placed in the world and colonists then react to those requests. I use the word 'request' rather than order, because colonists will not always carry out instructions.At first, their ambivalence to a placed Atmosphere Generator may be interpreted as a bug in the game. With more play time it becomes apparent that the colonists have a sense of what is important, and what is required. Already have too many Solar Arrays? Colonists might simply choose not to build them.There are no centralised mechanisms for managing colony power, food, and water requirements. Instead, individual stores must be inspected, and observations taken around the world. This quirk can sometimes be frustrating, but that frustration can give way to fulfillment - Balancing a power grid is very hard, and more rewarding for being so.Often I see Maia referred to as a 'God Game.' Having never played 'God Games,' and not being familiar with the genre, I can't speak to the accuracy of that description. I would not, however, describe Maia as a god game in the first instance: The player is not god, they are a companion. Not omniscient, omnipresent, or all-powerful at all. Instead, the player is limited, flawed, and often ineffectual - A reflection, perhaps, of the colonists pottering about on the planet surface, and all the more enjoyable for it.AesheticsGenerally, I am about as artistic as a pencil sharpener, so I'm not the one to judge Maia's aesthetics. But I think it looks fantastic.The use of a custom renderer means the game does not express the intangible 'feel' of a commercial solution such as Unity or Unreal. Instead, it gives of a vibe of bespoke craftsmanship. Models are of a consistently high quality. Animations are well weighted and engaging - Though they are often blatantly disconnected from the gameplay their are supposed to be related to.TechnicalEarly Access games come in various flavours of 'bugginess,' and Maia has tended to hover towards the 'very buggy' end of the spectrum through much of its development. Because Maia does not offer many explicit clues to the player about what is happening in the world, bugs can be insidious. A colonist sitting on the floor of a room may be bored and recalcitrant: Or their AI might simply be stuck in a buggy loop of doom.Recently, theStardystopia Updatehas brought fresh stability and consistency to the experience. If Stardystopia is a foundation upon which Maia grows in future updates, then it has the potential to leave its challenged technical past behind.DevelopmentJudging the character of Maia's development is perhaps the act in which my conflict of interest is most likely to manifest itself. It is also the area of which I am most critical.An Early Access game must be open. To be on Steam Early Access to not just invite, it is to require the interaction of customers with the development team. It has been difficult for Maia's customers to find information about development. In the last few months, the team has made strides towards pulling down the fourth wall and letting information flow out to customers. This process must accelerate.The pacing and content of development updates are strong. Most especially since around March this year Maia has received consistent, high quality updates that have steadily improved the game.Most importantly, Maia's development team has authentic soul and character.Simon,Caroline,Leanne,Ruairi,Hannahand others are committed, tireless, optimistic, and hard working. They want Maia to be a better product, and are constantly putting in the effort to make it so.ConclusionMaia is a unique, captivating game. It explores the possibility of a human colony on an alien world. Even in its present unfinished state, Maia is worthy of purchase and full of potential for enjoyment and delight."
,Not Recommended,252250,31521693,Posted: 3 May,all,Bendigeidfran,"Edit as of V0.62:I was very glad to see version 0.62 release, it promised some very interesting features plus a great performance boost which I was looking forward to. Unfortunately this version has rendered the game ever more buggy than before. Since the patch I've had the main menu hang on aborting a mission, the cursor disappears whcih makes me have to Task Manager the game closed then reopen it.I've had mining orders persist between attempts at levels, i.e. I start the mission Cassiopeia, place some mining orders, inevitably get screwed and then re-start only for the mining orders to still exist from previous attempts.It now appears possible when directly controlling the IMP to walk too close to a wall causing him to get pulled in and either destroyed or rendered unable to move or work meaning the end of the game if it's your only one, ruining a nigh essential feature as the IMP AI prioritises work so poorly it's easier to do it myself.After another few hours in V0.62 I have come to the conclusion that he may as well have not added anything. In my experience, I still am unable to get anywhere near far enough into the game to even see my first chicken hatch or potato crop, let alone be invaded by herds of Velociraptor pidgeons. The more I try to like this game the more jaded I become.Original Review(0.61):It's not often I write reviews, particularly negative ones, generally speaking it's not worth the effort but for Maia I will make an exception. I bought Maia a number of years ago and no, I'm not upset by the lack of progress, the issue here is I have yet to get to find out how much is even possible within the game. I cant get past the first few days, despite following the quick-start guide to the letter. Everyone that makes suggestions as to what to do to progress makes the assumption that if I issue an order to my colonists, they will actually do it. Unfortunately they are so abominably stupid that nothing ever gets done. The first few things take an incredibly long time but do eventually get done. My first workshop, Table, Drill and so on. I build a smelter and an atmosphere generator and mine minerals and what have you but that's about as far as I get. I'll write the issues I have in a list format.Colonists stop building stuff. I'll have building materials lining the walls in the storage room and they will do nothing at all. Occasionally they may fiddle with the table for a bit before continuing their exercise in inadequacy.Colonists are stupid to the point of having four rooms to stand in, three of which are a comfortable temperature with a dedicated atmosphere generator in each one, they will choose to stand in the empty room that is cold enough to give them hypothermia even though it is unfurnished and has a construction order in it for stuff that they will not build.Certain objects the colonists never build. I've tried queueing up vents, space heaters etc, which never get done even if there is only a single order given at that moment, there is plenty of material and they are all walking around faffing about.On the rare occasion where a colonist decides to actually do something (it's generally not what I wanted them to do) it takes so abominably long for them to get it done that it's barely worth doing at all.I tried extremely hard to like Maia, I really did but my god, I've never had a game make me so damn angry at the idiocy on display by the colonists.I'll delete this review if the issues are fixed or I am proven wrong.Edit: I've given it another few hours and frankly I think I was too generous the first time around. People just start dying within the first two days for stupid reasons. Starving with plenty of food, dehydration despite hundreds of litres of water, freezing to death despite having warm rooms to stand in. Broken and buggy mess. I still want to like it but there are some ridiculous design decisions here even past the extremely ""early access"" colonist AI. Why do walls not connect with the stone? That's just needlessly wasted space. Why do colonists run two steps then stop then run two steps then stop?"
76561198043867560,Not Recommended,252250,22655644,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,arthour05,"I don't get it. What's so difficult? I build a workshop. I build a workbench. I place the obejects for a heater and atmospheric device in there. Colonist rn between storage and workshop, eventually die of asphyxiation and/or hypothermia because none of them will build the objects that will keep them alive.The really infuriating thing? Sometimes they will build them. But they refuse to build a smelter so then when I run out of building materials, I can't get anymore to build the heater in the hydroponics bay so they stop freezing to death just standing around in it......This...Problem of the AI simply refusing to do the simple tasks put to them has been an issue since day one, guys. Fix your damn AI's prority systems.[EDIT 10th September 2016]AI Still needs some kind of prioritisation setting or system. If I tell them to build an O2 generator, and an airvent, I expect them to do it, not spend 2-5 days wandering around thinking about it."
,Recommended,252250,21089084,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ShockPuppet,"After a few hours playing I am impressed with the complexity and thoughtfulness of the game. Base building in Maia is fun and allows for a range of customisation. The research choices, power management, social and hunger/thirst needs provide a well balanced experience. At time of writing there are some bugs, the game is in active development so of course it's to be expected. You'll still get plenty of enjoyment from Maia though, and I'd strongly recommend it for anyone who likes base building or strategy games."
,Not Recommended,252250,28592132,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Level ?? Half Ork,"I bought this when it first came to steam....honestly, not much has changed in 3 years and I don't see it going anywhere fast. If you want a spacey base building sim you'd be better off with Rimworld or Planetbase"
76561197970258858,Not Recommended,252250,16753073,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nikushimi,"Do not waste your time and money on this game. In its current state its barely playable and will just frustrate you to tears. Each update brings more features and content but even more bugs. If its current rate of development continues it will take years to even leave alpha. While it shows some promise and I really want it to work, I seriously doubt it will ever realise its full potential before the plug is pulled on this project.Update:I tried to play the recent build of 0.56 and I hate to say that this game has gotten even worse somehow. Your colonists are even more stupid than ever before, despite several A.I improvements mentioned in patch notes. Instead of roaming around weeping themselves into starvation they will now wander aimlessly freezing to death, as weeping and sitting on the floor is more productive to their survival than building a wall heater apparently.There are many many more ridiculous bugs that are each just as game breaking that seem to never be fixed, but rather compounded with each content patch. If the current build was made to be somewhat playable before new mechanics and other content is added or if what is stated in the patch notes is actually present in the game I may have hope for this game. But as it stands, there is none.TL;DRThe game is still broken, has been in alpha for years and will never be worth your money"
76561198038639483,Not Recommended,252250,16139600,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Luna Sakara,"Bought the game a long while ago on sale, though it'd be a fun game - bugs and glitchs are frequent - typically the AI starts to get hung up after 30 or so minuets. The devlopment of new patches takes around 2-4 months.The concept of the game is fun and exciting - but the current exicution is lacking."
,Not Recommended,252250,25992897,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Joyful Dreamer,"First, let me say, it does have great progress so far, and comming along.  I think more people should support it, that said ...So I went on a mission, where the mission items were timed (I really hate to be pushed on timers, not fun at all). But ok, not a huge deal.  Built what I needed to, down to 5 mins, put some items down, including the main mission item – a communications antenna.  Some people were doing nothing, and eventually started building.  Seems they didn’t get the memo that communications was the next mission item, so they left it last.  1.5 minutes left, communications still pending, people are walking around, and hugging, etc., and the timer is ticking away.  It eventually reaches 0, mission failed, and the colonists don’t give a damn, lol.Ok, I think I put down too many items at once, so I did it a bit more controlled. There’s very little room for error, as you have to think minutes ahead (not seconds). Made it to the next mission item – also timed (argh). Ok, so started to clear an area.  Colonists are now complaining about needing sleep, and food, but the medical center and beds is the top priority?  I guess it is in case they die from hunger while working as slaves to build while starving to death because the timer doesn't have any wiggle room. I also needed more power, built another wind generator, then started the medical building, laid out the door, and 3 medical beds.  After 1-2 minutes, a colonist finally shows up to build it, and the door, and leaves the beds and takes off.  Ok, no problem, 1.5 minutes left, let’s see if anyone comes to finish the beds.  Timer runs out, mission failed, colonists don’t give a damn (again – 3 beds was the mission item), lol.Cool, you can control the robots in first person view. After clicking the mouse button, I thought the robot pooped/regurgitated something awful. Oh ok, just the rocks I guess it collected? Not a bad thing, just funny. ;)You can right-click to de-select the active action under your cursor when building items. You can also right-click to destroy a building without warning (oops). Costs time and materials to rebuild what was destroyed in a fraction of a second.  Had to reload the game (on timers after all, no room for error).In the middle of all this, while building, the game takes control and throws the camera over to the incoming colonists.  I DON’T CARE, I saw the message already, let me finish what I was doing.  Now I don’t even know where I was, must scroll back – yet, on the way, the camera pulls me to something else. :/Keep getting a warning the storage room is getting cold.  You can now hover over rooms to see their temperatures. I built atmospheric generators to help (one per room), and it helps, but I found out from watching a video that you only need space heaters in other places.  How much do they output though, or how much power is required? Doesn’t say.  I can see the temperatures in rooms rising now.  Stats are getting better, but still a bit poor list of stats, still difficult to see what’s really going on around the base.It also crashed a few times in a way that made the cursor disappear.  Make sure to save often.Things it needs:1. Much better AI (perhaps even mission focused). Enough hanky panky, get back to work!2. A priority system, so you can better queue up what needs to get built first.3. Much better stat reporting on the items (especially generator outputs for one). If there is a warning a room is cold, at least show room stats also.4. Status icons you can click to quickly bring you to the events/issues. DONT FORCE MY CAMERA - I might be in the middle of something.5. Automated smelter, or show an icon when it is waiting, or done. Don't turn this into a space focused Farmville game, lol.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odBDAcOEKuI6. Fix building bugs (see comments), random crashes (rare), and errors restarting missions (always have to restart the game).7. Built hydroponics for food, but people are still dying from starvation? lol This needs to be fixed. If I'm missing something, then that should be in my notifications. ;)8. No idea what anything does, or why I need it, nor how many I need to make.  There are details when selecting items to build, but no text describing what it is for.  Makes it a bit tedious to keep looking up what things are for, and why. For example, until I watched a video, I had no idea space heaters could be used instead of atmospheric generators.  I thought I needed a generator in every room.I'll keep an eye on these issues and update the review as the game progresses.  I think it is a great game to support, but I had to give a thumbs down until a lot of issues are ironed out. I'm half afraid sometimes to play it in fear I forget to save and it crashes. ;) Perhaps Auto-save is needed at an internval I can specify."
,Recommended,252250,17084111,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dakha,"Some issues I found in the game while playing:- Some NPCs will often start walking in circles trying to find a sweet spot to reach something and will stay like this for a while (minutes, sometimes 10 minutes or more), and if this NPC is a human being, it will starve to death.- The colonists starve to death even if there is plenty of food- The animation for the ""aliens"" to die takes really long. Like ""Wow you shot me? Just hang on while I prepare to die... just a minute... almost there. Okay, dead""- There is nothing you can do about the bodies outside the base and sometimes the alarm will just keep warning about the base perimeter, even if everything out there is dead.- When you ask the colonists to build a materials hopper they just won't... until they feel like it. But then your entire base is completely full of rocks and they WON'T TAKE THE ROCKS FROM THE FLOOR AND PUT THEM IN THE HOPPER!- The colonists walk too slow. So slow that they often starve or fadigue to death on the way to their assignment.- There are not many things to do in the game, so the player may get bored REALLY FAST. No action, no jumpscares, no nothing... and it gets boring.- After you built the entire base, it will be too big, and the colonists will die because of fatigue due to their deficient AI.- When a colonist die from the fire on the atmosphere creator (?) it will become a burning corpse and won't move.- Sometimes colonists die and just stay there, standing... creepy.- Colonists will ignore bodies and people dying. This should be prioritized.My reccomendations:(To the developer)- Fix the bugs before developing new stuff. People are getting tired of the bugs and are leaving the game.- Some more action would be a nice thing (if you really want to develop new stuff)- Make the colonists faster! They run and stop too much! It's so annoying.- In base, the colonists in the suit should walk faster.- Try to program a new AI. They should prioritize some stuff, like eating and resting! They die of thirst and hunger even when you have lots of water and food avaiable. I don't think a human being would starve to death due to his many assignments. He would eat and then work.- They get hungry too fast.(To the players)- The game has a really nice concept but is still in development. It's still unfinished! If you don't have patience to wait for the developer to fix stuff, just don't try any alphas. You will get tired and will just get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for no reason.- If you do have a lot of patience, my advice: play it. The game is really cool and it makes you imagine all the possibilities for it in the future. It's raw, but when cooked it's gonna be crazy :P"
76561198010245588,Not Recommended,252250,29365173,Posted: 19 January,all,Lunafox,"Still requires more time to bake,put back in oven and check back later"
76561197979761120,Not Recommended,252250,25995918,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,XTL5000,"I was really looking forward to playing MAIA as I have been following it for a long time now.  After reading some positive reviews I thought I would give it a shot.  Unfortunately there are still many issues with the game and I cannot recommend it to anyone, even if its on sale.  One major problem would be with the AI.  The workers and robots  are so slow to respond and complete tasks that I alsways died from freezing.  All I needed to stop freezing is to build a workshop, wind generator (outside) and some wall heaters but this is almost impossible to complete because the workers refuse to complete the tasks or are too slow to complete anything.  Another problem would be the UI, there is no icons or buttons to show you have much power/water/food you have.  Instead you get emails after each day to update you with the amounts??  I understand this game is Early Access but it has been here about three years now, so I was expecting further progress."
76561198361121740,Recommended,252250,30011410,Posted: 18 February,all,laurajoannemartin,"If you like god games, hard sci-fi, hyper-realistic sims, and dark, British humour, then you'll like Maia.I've played Maia for about 20 hours now, more than enough to have built myself a fully self-sustaining colony with all the bells and whistles, including the rooms that require certain levels of research, so I've seen pretty much all of the permutataions of gameplay you can get within the game.It took me a while to get that Maia is a delicate balance between active user input (build orders, smelting stuff, etc) and watching the formidable AI systems run. However, once I understood this, my colony ran a lot better, was more productive, and I got a lot more out of gameplay. Another challenge is balancing the amount of activity. Unlike other sims, your colonists get tired and sick and dehydrated if you work them too hard, so you can't just set 4892438 build orders and go make some tea. On that note, I LOVE the level of detail - from temperatures reactive to whether an air vent system is on or off, to body heat of chickens altering room temperatures, to the relative humidity being affected by water condensing systems, to atmosphere quality being augmented by potted plants, to plants *literally* getting species-specific diseases like fungal rot and black spot... there is phenomenal detail in here that I struggle to understand at the best of times, but massively appreciate.Another thing is that dev Roth is quite literally the King of the Easter Egg. Most people probably don't notice or read the descriptions and names of objects, but there are some real 'laugh out loud' examples of punning names that play very well within the cultural nexus of dry, dark British humour. There's also a brilliant sense of British understatement to the emails - instead of saying 'we're literally starving here, half-wit, build some food prep stations', they say wonderfully passive aggressive things like ""I hope this lack of X isn't another bureaucratic oversight."" Ah, the art of the strongly worded letter is strong in this game.In terms of practical playability, the game is pretty easy to get the hang of; controls are intuitive, and the 'tabbing through' range of objects based on context rather than having to go through a sims-style full-scale menu system is great.The fact that the game is still under development shouldn't put you off - it's fully fledged already, and the updates (like 0.60 adding colonist relationships... again, how the heck was this coded in?!) just add more levels of detail and interest to an already fully formed and extremely well-thought-out idea. I paid full price for the game and don't mind as it's an indie dev, but it seems like it has frequent sales, so definitely pick this up right now.Overall 9/10, definitely reccommend."
,Not Recommended,252250,23135562,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lilin,"The game that never gets finished.2 and a half years ago it was released as extremely early access pre-alpha on steam, since then it has hardly improved at all and is not even remotely close to being finshed or playable.Today the game still has many of the same bugs and issues it did when it was released and is still in a barely playable state.The developer is still working on the game, but at the pace it is going and considering how inexperienced and inefficient the developer still is after all these years, it seems the game will still take another 2-3 years to finish.Because the idea behind this game is rather interesting and refreshing, and there aren't a whole lot of alternatives, it may be worth checking in on this game again in another 2-3 years. Then again, by then there might be something much better.So for now, do not buy, not even on sale. It's not even remotely worth it at the moment."
76561197969897096,Recommended,252250,32419986,Posted: 14 June,all,Cochise,"Crew does not build items fast enough to avoid disaster in this ill fated space survival game.   Either the AI is super weak or it is by design that when you set a build queu for things that will insure the survival of the crew, they do not necessarily get built. It is a fun diversion, but falls short of the potential richness that is there unless you are able to build a big diverse base.It is in Alpha, not Beta so it has problems of course, but it is still very enjoyable .  It is just not worth $25.00 while in Alpha.  Save your money and wait for the full release or the beta."
,Not Recommended,252250,16569982,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TooSmalley,There is absolutly no point at supporting this game as it currently is. It is not anywhere beta it is early pre alpha at best and is not worth the money at this point. In a year or two ... Maybe.
76561198086784107,Not Recommended,252250,31674317,Posted: 10 May,all,marwar1985,"I am always trying the latest versions, however, they are always that buggy I give up after 60 minutes of playing. The concept is great, game has lots of potential. My main reason buying was to support the devs. But at current stage it is just too buggy (any testmanagement implemented?)  by having too little features. Currently no recommendation."
76561198003133741,Recommended,252250,18679981,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Cpt. Charisma,"Maia is still in early Alpha, which means it has quite a few bugs.  It will crash in the middle of play.  The AI will do stupid things.  There are graphical glitches.  Many things don't work or don't provide feedback on how to manage them properly.If you can get past all that, it's actually a really fun game to play.  I've been playing about 16 hrs and done pretty much everything there is to do.  Since I bought it on sale, I feel like it was a fairly good deal - especially since it will continue to expand and improve.It's possible to set up a functional base and complete everything that has been built so far in sandbox mode.There are also 3 missions, and 10 more to be released soon.  I can only complete 2 missions due to bugs, but that's what you get with early releases like this.The devs seem responsive and are updating the game regulary (roughly quarterly), as well as participating in the Steam forum.  If you don't mind quite a few rough edges and an AI that will occasionally starve to death with plenty of food in the next room, I definately recommend this game :)"
,Recommended,252250,17483151,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Helwyr,"I thought I would update the review because the dev requested new ones since the game has changed. Simon Roth takes his time with his work. His studio is clearly passionate about this project. There are a lot of problems with it, and it has taken a very long time to fix them. But that is what happens when you don't have a huge budget or adds all over the internet. I get the feeling that most people heard about this game by accident. But if they were like me, they have creative minds, and saw another creative mind building a game with a fantastic concept and wanted to help. That's waht creative people do; they help each other, they support each other. Buying this game in early access should be about that. It should be about the support, the criticism, the evolution of a product from an idea to its fruition. If you are not in it for that, then wait. The game will come. And it will be awesome when it does. Until then, keep up with the progress. Show your interest. Spread the word. The more people that know about this, the better."
,Recommended,252250,12668789,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,SimonTheSkink,"Even though I recommend this game its merely for the fact that it is still in Alpha and that it is harsh to give it a negative opinion for the long run. However in its current state this game is NOT playable in the least bit. However it shows great promise and its concept is very intriguing. My current suggestion is to wait till Beta testing comes so that there is a better AI, unless you enjoy watching your crew run to your food stores and do nothing but eat until they suffocate from not trying to build their oxygen processor."
76561198006601941,Not Recommended,252250,19759833,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LifeReapr,"Still waiting on a game that I can play. I have had no luck getting it to run since a few ""updates"" ago. Features are a focus...bug fixing should be. At this time I can't recommend this game especially for $25."
,Recommended,252250,7984809,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Parity,"Tons of potential, very early alpha stage.No gameplay so far, if you are looking for a playable game right out of the gate, wait a bit before purchasing it here.Maia strikes me with plenty of nostalgia with its Dungeon Keeper-esque look and I can't wait to see how it turns out."
,Not Recommended,252250,30024642,Posted: 18 February,all,Civilized Hitman,"Promising gameplay.Really a very raw alpha with too many bugs considering the realease date 4 dec 2013, its already 3 years plus I expected better.Nonetheless  I am looking forward to this game's development.Developers gotta step up progress here.Will revisit this game at a later time.Not gonna reccommend it to any friends at this current stage and price."
76561198046896801,Not Recommended,252250,31892503,Posted: 21 May,all,Deus Umbra,"Honestly I suffer from a cycle of install, play it for a bit, and uninstall it out of frustustion! I have problems with the people not building things which causes them to ever freeze to death or run out of air. I hate building things or laying out rooms, the UI is awful. Playing the game is not enjoyable at all."
76561198038878190,Not Recommended,252250,16955129,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,OverAchiever (S.P.Q.R.),"Unfortunate that the game never grew, its been in this stage for years and i deperately want it to fulfill its promises but after waiting and waiting we are still unable to even play the game without constant save and restarts. Further the $25 asking price is rediculous in its current form and  even if it ever does come to being a finished product (at this rate another decade) i still doubt it would be worth that asking price for what it is.I want to change this review to a thumbs up one, and beg the creators to give me the excuse to do it, but i just dont se it happening and surely not in the next few years... :("
76561198045109003,Recommended,252250,20312837,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,imtobi,"I'd like to preface this review by saying that the game is in Alpha and I'll update the review as things change if I have time.Ok, so I haven't written a review before but decided to write one for this game. First I'll just list Pros and Cons in order then describe a little about it from my experience thus far,Pros:-Neat idea worth expanding on-Good graphics for an alpha-Fun*-Harder sci-fi than some I've played-Devs work on the game and respond to feedback (Got an answer on the review initially)Cons:-Bugs-More bugs-Occasionally problematic UI-Optimization issues-AI build priorities-Inability to manually control colonistsSo, I'll start with the Pros. First off is the idea, I like it. It is always nice to see older style technology (Like the capsules the colonists land in) in a Sci-fi game instead of the constant use of sleek and streamlined ships and tech. Next up is the graphics, they are actually surprisingly good for an alpha game although I'll admit I've never been much of a snob about graphics. Now on to the ""Fun"" I mentioned, it is not fun in the sense of a fast-paced action kind of fun. It is more of a challenging fun associated with overcoming the challenges of survival. And finally, the last pro, ""Hard"" sci-fi. I find hard sci-fi to be more interesting a challenge in a game and that made it just a bit more interesting to me. For example: to get water you have to build a solar still and for food you need to build and maintain a hydroponics area instead of just building a food replicator or the like.Now on to the Cons. First off let's talk about the bugs, most of the other reviewers say that the dev/devs have focused on features over bugfixing (time will tell if that's true, I've only had the game a few days at time of writing.) I think the dev/devs should absolutely focus on bugfixes first, at least the game breaking ones that is. A good example of this has happened to me several times in a single game where I would call in some additional colonists and they would just stand outside the capsule waiting to die in their suits, that needs to be fixed. Apart from that, there are a few bugs I've encountered like one of my I.M.P. bots just standing in front of a fossil stand that was full holding a fossil and wouldn't dig or another one where my maintenance bots wouldn't go around the local Flora to repair my wind turbines so I had to manually drive them out and around the plants. Now that bugs have been adequately discussed let's move on to the UI. It is hardly there, kind of annoying to get used to, and is a little hard to use for rotating items without placing them. In addition to those, there is no way to save your game during it so you have to hope that it saves it. And, finally, on to the the optimization I mentioned. It freezes while loading it but eventually does get running. It is a minor issue but I did find it frustrating that the game freezes each time I start it even though it'll run well after it loads (with bugs and UI issues of course).TL;DR: It is definitely worth waiting on. I'll recommend it but with one planet sized caveat: it is buggy and very much an Alpha. In other words, watch the game and buy it when bugs get fixed.**UPDATE**I said I'd come and update the review over time, so I will. The bug with colonists getting stuck coming out of their pod is fixed. There are still some problems with AI priorities so far and the game crashes occasionally. For the AI priorities, I can set them to build the basics of a colony (Like heaters, atmosphere generators, and wind turbines) and they will not get around to much of it and die of hypothermia.One new problem I have with it has emerged though, and it is admittedly a little bit nitpick-y. The problem is that the escape menu has no save option or ""quit to main menu"" button. I'm assuming it is a save and quit situation, but it is still a little odd that I can't save with how much it crashes for me at present. I'd be fine with a ""save and continue"" or ""save and quit to menu"" option or something similar.I'd still recommend following the game, it is interesting and you don't see too many more ""hard sci-fi"" styled games like it. I'd recommend buying it if you don't mind it being a little buggy or supporting the devs though."
76561197970673877,Recommended,252250,14679064,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kato1144,"I Purchased this game on the release week i think and that was a while ago I was early access then and it is early access today, I have read some of the neg reviews and the tone is slow to get updates, broken game play, stupid AI. then I think early access there is no false clam here saying this game is 100% ready to blast your socks off this game is early access and it will be for a while yet and as for the slow updating i can say I picked up this game again when alpha 47 started and there has been a hot fix jsut about every day the Dev and his relatively new team are working on the game every day make fixes addressing bugs and concerns on the steam forums Simon the Dev is there every day that i looked this week nailing down reported bug to keep the testing of the game moving forward that's were this game is right now Testing because it's in alpha development.So yes slow update was a issue but with recent events I don't see that being a problem any more and if you worried about the dev burning out or burning the cash of there customers like some other early access dev have done Simon has already addressed these concernshttp://maiagame.com/viewentry.php?id=25This game is receiving good attention from the dev team and the progress is moving faster then i have ever seen it on this game improvements are happening faster with that said there is still a ton of testing for game breaking glitches left to do so don't expect a glitch free game yet.Pos:Good Dev and team listens and interacts with the communitysteady progress of the game with hot fix’s and cont updatesA increasing R&D system in the game, watch your tech evolve and growGame mechanics are pretty realistic looking in to all aspects of the human conditionLooking forward to new features and such the sky is the limit!!! or so a hope :PReally cool looking 1970's future look to itNeg:Game is still riddled with game breaking glitches that are just waiting to be discoveredgame is poorly optimized ATM (But what do you expect form early access a gold toilet?)Colonist AI is really really dumb some times but that's a WIP kinda thing.When it's all said and done this game is going to be great till then Colonist starving to death becasue they forget to eat 10/10"
76561198063577417,Recommended,252250,8134795,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lord Dobersift,This game has a lot of potential. For being in such a state of Alpha right now it still gives you alot to toy around with although a litte repetitive. Excited to see what updates are coming up!
76561198033125179,Not Recommended,252250,26019197,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Quantum,"I want to like this game.  I have been trying to like this game forever a year.  But WTF?  This is one of the most frustrating games I have ever played.  It has so much potential but the AI is just absolutely terrible.  Past terrible, it actually makes me angry just how dumb it is.  The colonists just run around doing whatever, but almost never what they need to be doing.  People starve, freeze, die of dehydration, but won't build what they need to live.  Argh..."
,Recommended,252250,22019950,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sythgara,"I have been enjoying this game  for a little bit over a month. I like the idea and the visual approach. The game play took a bit of getting used to and given it's still being polished I can't really base the review too much on it. Yes there are things I'm hoping that will be fixed, like selection squares that do not dissapear upon deselection, room tiles that don't go away after cancelling the construction, people who take forever to build things while running about aimlessly back and forth. Robots who can't always reach their mining destination despite doing so earlier is another thing I've been bumping into quite often. Or people dying of starvation or malnutrition despite having full stock of rations. I should also add my humans last a veeeery long time without a bathroom.One of the major things I would find helpful is having more information on  item descriptions. While some are self explanatory, a short line saying what it does and what it requires to work would be great to have. I had to go online to see what does what so far. Another thing I'd personally appreciate is being able to prioritise construction in some way according to your selection or order in which a specific item was placed.All in all I will be keeping an eye on further updates and I think I will have more and more fun with the game in the future."
,Not Recommended,252250,8017883,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[THoA] Tarkis,"Currently this game is in a very early pre-Alpha state and whilst it's definitely got a huge amount of promise (and appeals hugely to me as a fan of Dwarf Fortress and Dungeon Master), I honestly cannot justify the current price tag for what the game currently has in it. Given time it may well become well worth it, but for now, unless you want to support the devs, I cannot recommend buying this game."
76561197997630716,Recommended,252250,30016717,Posted: 18 February,all,FergusMcFukk,"Lots of promise, BUT, this game does not yet function as it should, there are many glitches and bugs.  One to keep an eye on or to try and help the dev's the sort it, but you cannot enjoy playing it in it's present state.  Lack of mini-map, robot's dissapearing, very slow movement, hungry on memory resources, no real tutorial. cumbersome GUI all need tweaked to make it more acceptable at the full price."
76561197993250912,Not Recommended,252250,23501854,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ansatse,"I am really sorry to write this review, this game had much charme and potential when ive first found it, but now it is nearing years ago and it still hasnt come ANYWHERE near completion or progress.... ive come back to this several times after i got it, anytime i get the same experience... slow performance and the worst AI ive seen so far. If you following your people which you cant control - they seem to be wasting time, starving with food available or doing nothing at all, instead of the most important and only tasked jobs. Status reports complain about energy, food or needing worktables while all are either build or queued already. That does not seem to concern the people, they rather die or walk somewhere (with or without doors, who needs em appearently when they are queued for building)I'd love to revisit this once again, but it will probably be many months from now and it will take more than charme to change my mind. This game made me really sad and seeing a 20€ price tag on this early access title is not making it better."
76561197997384449,Not Recommended,252250,30109057,Posted: 22 February,all,Acecakes,"There are constant updates which is nice, but so much of the core game is broken. Colonists keep not doing tasks - instead hanging out near an object untill they starve even if food is 20m away. Objects wont be built even if they are set to high prority and resourses to do so are abundent and the workers exist (again just kinda milling about).Would avoid untill this is game untill its done, and dont get me wrong there is work being put in to making it - its just that at this point its more like a crappy demo."
,Recommended,252250,24428604,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Venoum,"While not fully set, it is regularly updating."
76561198003479085,Not Recommended,252250,30050507,Posted: 19 February,all,Snowman,Buggy to the point no enjoyment can be extracted. its promising but leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. There is not point adding new content until the very basics of the game work without breaking a few minutes aftrer you start a session
76561198040631430,Recommended,252250,34075821,Posted: 6 August,all,lyandradeamo,"Never wrote a review before, but here goes. Bought this game a couple of years back and put it away since I could not figure the starting out...lousy instructions folks. A few days ago, I decided to try again and so much easier. I've played about 3 or 4 days now and enjoying myself. After several bouts of absolute frustration I am now at day 57 with 12 colonists.Hydroponics was lousy so I bypassed it by doing animal containment and living quarters before it. Also built more ration packs at the beginning of the game (and dev? how did I do that with no supplies?) then brought in another load of colonists. After hitting the more colonists button I built my table, the wind turbine, atmosphere thingee, flywheel energy thingee, and then waited a bit while they did it all. More energy producers, the smelter, and a bed and food table, then went for hydroponics after all that. However, if you don't have both a food table and ration packs, someone's gonna starve. You won't be perfectly balanced until you get that 2nd table.I noticed that some games have a lot of hypochondriacs after I create medbay. Though I still have not figured out how to cure their awful blues. I think maybe lighting so still experimenting. If don't have a lot of that, then I get more broken bones that you would believe. Like 4 broken arms for the same person, all on the same day. lol. Jeez dev. I don't think anyone would break their arm 4 times.All in all, I enjoyed the game once I actually got started. As I believe I said, it's frustrating. Especially when everyone dies and you don't have a clue as to why except they were asphyxiated. My theory is poison gas from a just opened area but I don't know if that's even in the game. Dev. consider that for difficulty = insane. I'm a well-aged lady here....don't you dare say old... so sometimes all the sounds overlapping the warnings is often hard to decipher. Also my people keep telling me about an alarm bell that is either zen or insanity depending on the colonist. On a hunt to find it....sigh. All in all, it's fun!"
,Not Recommended,252250,8626690,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Firy351,"Maia is a space colony building game, it has great potential and can be the next colony building game. However it is currently in the stages of development, it laggs like crazy when the performance is on high, and it has very little content in it! You can play this game for maybe 10-30 minutes maximum, and then youll be bored. It currently has no save option, and it only has a ""creative"" mode, where everything is buildable, and nothing costs anything. The game has many bugs, and few features. Do not buy this game unless you are trying to help the devs and give constructive critisim, to help them make the game the way the community likes it! I will not make another review untill more features have been added."
,Not Recommended,252250,32806357,Posted: 26 June,all,Caffae,"I really wanted to like this game, but it has been an incredibly buggy experience. Ignorning the fact that the game can sometimes quit without warning (everytime you agree to listen to the music your colonist has created.), the game isn't really in a stage where it is actually playable - as far as I can tell - the colonists will just stop collecting the smelted metal and you won't have any building materials to build anything, or they just won't build. So your colonists are pretty much doomed to starvation, or hypothermia or death due to fatigue as they won't do any of the things you want them to do.You also can't really react to all the emergencies and warnings that you are given because they will simply keep warning you of low temperatures at a certain room but since the colonists won't build the heaters you asked them to, they will freeze to death.It's an interesting simulation but pretty repetitive. I see that the creator has been working on a ton of new features but I think he should probably work on polishing the AI till the game doesn't just end in failure each time. I haven't actually gotten far enough to enjoy the new features (or even the research lab) because the colonists just keep dying and refusing to build anything."
,Recommended,252250,7947724,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Fairemont,The early access might be a bit early...It doesn't seem to operate very well yet. I'd hold off for a while yet.
76561198030700675,Recommended,252250,22419085,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Luzilyo,"So far, this game seems pretty good. Of course, you can never really tell with Early Access games, but first impression is it's allright. Not exceptionally awesome, but pretty good. I'd even say at least slightly above average. It was definitaly worth the money and you get pretty much everything that's being advertised. What suprised me most is that, unlike many other alpha-games, this game has exceptionally little and few bugs. Sure, you get the occasional crash (at least on win10), which can be frustrating if you haven't saved in a long time, sometimes colonists get stuck and die, object ""health"" sometimes becomes negative which will result in the object not getting any repairs ever but all this happens rather rarely and doesn't really have too much of a disrupting influence. All in all, i'm pretty glad i've bought this game.quick summary:+ rather bug free+ you get everything that you see in the trailer+ the game can be played almost without any disturbances+ no game-breaking bugs (at least none that i encountered)- no autosave (at least not that i know of)- game sometimes crashes (at least on win10)so i'd say, if you don't mind running into small bugs occasionally or (seemingly) random game-crashes and you like the game's concept, go ahead and buy it, even if it's just to support the developer.Edit: it has been more than a year since i played this game last time. Currently, it is definitely not ""an entirely new game"" (which is good, because i liked the game the way it was) but there are a lot of changes. as far as i could tell in the few hours that i have played now, pretty much all bugs that i mentioned have been fixed and i didn't experience any crashes. there are also a few new and interesting objects to work with. i still wasn't able to locate any option for autosaves, but now that the crashes seem to have been fixed, that is only a very minor issue and almost not worth mentioning. so, i'd say it has improved a lot since i wrote my initial review.Edit2: and just about an hour after i finished the edit, the game crashed. but still, the game has definitely improved, even if the crashes are not fixed yet and there is still no autosave to use as some sort of workaround."
76561197999272411,Recommended,252250,9495435,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,sidfu1,Maia is a good game. the dev is very active and responds to his players. only bad thing currently about the game is that there not realy alot ot do but as time goes on it make u feel like playing dungion keeper again.if u a strong supporter of indie games this is one u shouldnt miss
76561198037804821,Not Recommended,252250,31071160,Posted: 10 April,all,Reallycoolnerd,"I bought this game a couple of years ago. I've kind have regretted it honestly.There is so much broken about the AI, it is unplayable. Colonists  will not do what you need them to to survive. The pace of development is an absolute crawl, and I would never have put the game out in the current state it's in unless it was free.I really believe the developer needs to get bigger/better team together in order to get this game into a playable state.I've been holding on strong for a while with hope that the next update will bring needed bug fixes in a timely manner. I always retrun to play for about 30 minutes. Then I slowly close my laptop in frustration. I've been doing this ever since I bought it.What this game does have: A wonderful atmosphere. Great sounds, looks, and a bit of British humor.What this game does not have: A purpose of completion. I get the point of survival, but where do we go after that? Maybe I've just never gotten to that point yet. Even so, the AI needs a huge overhaul to prevent weird oddities. (Priorities maybe? They're starving and won't build the planters, but they'll make 1000 solar panels in the meantime, so they obviously have enough building materials!)"
76561198007008264,Recommended,252250,21887080,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Terraste,"- Updated 2016-12-15 -I definitely appreciate the continued updates to this game. I got a bit of time to get back into the latest patch (0.59) and really enjoyed many of the expanded options that the game presents. I get a lot more colonist deaths than I used to, which created stress to deal with the many problems - a very good thing in a game like this. I also managed to turn that flagging base around and down a more stable path, which was a huge sense accomplishment as everyone stopped dieing!I'm looking forward to capturing one of the native fauna that can be domesticated and using it to supplement the base rations.Every update has added blancing changes that make aspects of the simulation more interesting, and major features are added quite often that change aspects of how I've played the game. I still recommend this game, as it often makes me wish I had more time to play it.- End Update 2016-12-15 -I really enjoy this little base building & management game. I absolutely love that the development team works to publish regular updates to the game about once per month; each time adding neat new features (it's an alpha!) and working through the known bugs that have been reported and reproducible.In particular, I love the heat simulation and new room layout mechanism in the most recent update. The former adds a layer of management detail that is complementary to other base needs, while the latter presents a more intuitive and visual way of ""painting"" the layout of your base than the existing system (you placed entire room tiles with a click). Then they worked to add in color a color picker for the lights, which affects the colonists' moods and plant growth rates. Oh and a brand new scripted mission to play through. So, plenty of new features each month to go along with learning what exactly it is your colonists need to stay alive and form a self-sufficient colony.I've definitely enjoyed the open development of this game. Each update has been great and added several new toys to play with."
76561198006623563,Not Recommended,252250,7992509,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Brexan,"Perhaps a little early to be asking for money for this game. Sadly the current version has no playability at all, both due to lack of content and significant fatal bugs.I can't see the game being playable for several months yet, I'd suggest that as a guide as to whether you feel it worth buying at this stage.On a positive note - I do like the idea behind the game, a sci-fi base building game with graphics akin to 'Theme Hospital' - a favourite from eons ago!"
76561198030701627,Not Recommended,252250,24273964,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,jorczyk,"The basic gameplay mechanics need to be reworked.  I have a room full of chickens and another full of hydroponics, yet the idiot colonists starve to death instead of either loading food into the food preparation station or producing any of the ordered ration packs.  Very disheartening to play for a few hours only to be ruined by AI stupidity."
,Recommended,252250,29642339,Posted: 1 February,all,x500,"I seriously love this game. Sure its had its bugs here and there but the developer always takes notes and fixes them in the next patch or so. If you think you'll like this game, I guarantee you'll like it. Should be worth the full price on release."
76561197996866522,Recommended,252250,8025977,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Miidguard,"It is a interesting game to be sure, while it is very early alpha it has a lot of great potential to be very good game. I recommend getting it early and sticking with the updates to see where this game can go."
,Recommended,252250,14399383,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,NOVAx100,"Promising game, but Simon Roth has got quite a lot to deliver. My hopes are high for this one!"
,Not Recommended,252250,7966989,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Hyperion,Not recommeded till it becomes a beta or a massive patch comes out for this game. All in all though could be on to something :).
,Not Recommended,252250,26077444,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,atlana,"Reviewed: Alpha 0.58 - 16th Oct 2016TL;DRDon't buy it until the AI/pathfinding got a lot better, or it's on sale for <10 USD.It has a lot of potential, the core elements are there, and there are some interesting gimmicks but it needs to get better to be enjoyable IMHO.---------I WANT TO BELIEVE *insert X-files joke here*I'm a sucker for survival/build-up games (logging ~1500 hrs in Space Enginners alone) and I've been watching & wishlisting this title for two years now.Infrequently I've been visiting the store page of this title but was always repelled by the mixed reviews, their contents and reasons.But this weekend was a 50% off special, so 'out of boredom' I finally picked it up, especially since in version Alpha 0.58 ""AI has been tremendiously overhauled and improved"".I like the aspect that you do not directly control your crew in this game, you do have control over the IMP humanoid-bots and repair-bots, but you do not specifically tell your crew what they're doing when.That's good in my books.But it's not good if crew-members get stuck in the middle of a Workbench, or behind walls or in Atmosphere Generators. Also not good is when crewmembers infrequently dying of dehydration, even though there's like three half-full water-tanks to drink from.What this game needs is an overhaul of the UIX; when every ~20 seconds a full-screen displayed warning been thrown into your face - stealing the focus - bcause your veggie-farms needing to be pitched, you're slowly turning into the infamous meme of fire-breathing Pepe, yelling at your monitor.Frequently I had to abandon & restart my early-games, because of key crew-members being stuck, trapped or clipping into stuff. Like, remotely controlling a repair-bot. it's easily to drive it through walls, but you'll never get it back out of there, being stuck. you can't disassemble it because your crew-members can't reach it. Also frequently you're giving build orders (for outside placed Wind-Turbines or Solarpanels) and your crew-members aren't building them, even though all prerequsites are met.Unfortunately I haven't gotten too far, since my people turned after a longer game frequently into lemmings, throwing themselves into the arms of death due to starvation and/or dehydration despite an abundance of available food and water.It's also lacking are more - ""general oversight"" in terms of a grid's power needs/utilization and easier indicators what your crewmember is needing/lacking. after all they got voices, so they could tell you. (No they don't tell you when they're dehydrating and about to keel over).This being an Early Access title, you're hereby warned. I can see where this game is going with its potential. The dev team is a small one with three on-site staff and three external contractors, which explains why their progress is so slow, especially considering the complexity and intricacies of this type of games; and it seems they developed their own engine for this, instead of using a middleware like UNITY.VERDICT: buy when <10 USD or when AI/pathfinding has drastically improved. Until then; No."
,Recommended,252250,31286341,Posted: 21 April,all,Antilles,"A work in progress, but a very promising-looking one. The dev is open and communicative, and I like the directions that development is going in. While there are still areas that are rough, and the gameplay is incomplete, it's a lot of fun to tinker with as each release comes out."
76561198042269155,Recommended,252250,14952401,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,TotalAbyss,Decent so far. There are a few bugs still. iIt is still in early access. The devs are on the forums answering questions and helping out  offten.
76561198054408949,Recommended,252250,8769348,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,radioactive,Very early stage of development. Do not expect an enjoyable game at the moment. Still I recommend it as this game has a lot of potential.
,Not Recommended,252250,13029177,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,epioch_mlr,"Just another tech demo. I have been keeping tabs on this since it was kick started back in the fall of 2012. So far in the 2 years since the game has progressed at a snails pace. I expected it to be in beta by now, not just the same tech demo from 2 years ago with a few extra features and whole bunch of bugs."
76561198025949265,Not Recommended,252250,14216135,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Raging Soviet,"This game has been a huge waste of money in my honest opinion.I bought this game the week it was made availible in early access on steam. Since purchase, the game has recieved small content updates and claims to have fixed many bugs. Having decided that months later it would be a good idea to revisit the game and reinstall it, I am disappointed to have found little has changed. The game is still a sub-par, glitchy mess.1/10.Save your money and go buy a decent game for half the price.The above review was written January.The sentences below were written on the 26th of October.Months later,  and the game is still an awkward clunky mess. Horrid controls, lack of camera options, annoying in game messages and a lack of decent content have continued to bring a huge does of disappointment. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197986262136,Not Recommended,252250,26060180,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Siege,"I tried to like this game, I really did, and really wanted to enjoy it.  But when I finally broke down and purchased it, there were just too many issues for me to enjoy it.The pacing is very plodding, with a dark and gloomy atmosphere.  There's no joy or hope on Maia.Colonist AI is atrocious.UI is difficult to understand and very clunky in its feel.I like the concept, but it's just not very enjoyable or understandable about what's going on."
,Recommended,252250,27745730,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,guantou,"I *LOVE* this game.The improvements that are made in each monthly update, have been a great and very consistantly steady progression.Early Access:If you used to be an Early Access believer but then had bad experiences that caused you to lose the faith, this game is a great one to help get that feeling back again. If feels pretty nice to belive in a game and actually have the developer live up to those hopes we have for what it could be next month, and then the next and so on. I feel like it's getting harder to find Early Access experiences where that still happens. I am SO glad I got this game. It's worth it for the regained trust in Early Access games alone.Linux Support:I really appreciate the Linux support. Recent Example: The linux version had an important issue with it when it was released yesterday. We mentioned it to Simon and he had it fixed within 24hours.I have other games in my library, written by large teams, that have a much larger linux base asking for fixes, which are still basically unplayable (for linux and mac users, anyway) many months later. I would say I wish Simon was working for those guys so some of my other games would get this level of care as well, but I'm actually quite glad he's working on Maia because this game really deserves to have a developer working on it that really cares.Communication:I highly recommend checking out the discussion pages as well as his website. He has been really great at working with the player base to make sure the updates contain the fixes that we care about the most and he is very transparent with what he is working on next, so you never have to guess if the thing you care about is something he is already working on or not.Is it finished?Nooooo... Don't be confused about that, it is Early Access (Currently at 0.59 as I'm writing this review). There are lots of things he is still working on and little oddities that he doesn't like.  You will still have frustrating little moments watching your colonists do something rediculous that gets them killed now and then. The difference is that after watching the update progressions up to this point, I can now just laugh when those silly things happen, knowing that, in a few updates they won't be happening anymore.  (Which is unfortunately not something I can say for quite a few of the other games I own)."
76561198073397204,Recommended,252250,22258643,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,tabak_int,"Sometimes one need to calm down and think twice before writing something ugly about this game. The problem was on my side and Dev managed to help me with ease.Good game, lots of options, excellent experience, very fast feedback from the developers.Personal thanks to Simon.  It was an unexpected help. Good luck!"
,Recommended,252250,28422529,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Layoric,"Promising game. If you like the idea of a space colony survival strategy, this is worth a shot! This is still Alpha stage of development but seems updates have been coming regularly. It's an ambitious title so still a fair way off release.Also the lead developer's videos and blog posts are worth following and supporting!"
,Recommended,252250,24311965,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Per,"I like the concept of this game, survival at some remote outpost trying to get by with as litle as possible.However, the game has some issues to work out when it comes to  start, placement, construction and pace.Start:It seems they have already managed to build a base, out of nothing. Rooms cost nothing to build and take a split second.material is magically turned into portable solar panels,.Placement:Sometimes I cannot remove room blocks, they light up but when I try to cancel them they won't go away. New game...Construction:Seems they like to construct solar panels more than they like to construct the windmills, the flare happens nearly immidiatly at random game and they all die because of power problems even though I have instructed them to build windmills and there is sufficient material left.Pace:Time feel its a litle bit fast, when I have made up my mind of where I want everything and instructed to robot to make room for base they have already died in some way, either lack of air or freezing to death."
76561198190684213,Recommended,252250,33962411,Posted: 1 August,all,mr24storms,"Vers. 0.62 stuck playing on my crappy laptop because I blew up my pc again.  I know the guy's still working on it and it's pretty ok but unless you're highly interested in this type of game, (like me,) not worth 25 right now.  Need to add an ingame basic instruction manual.  An ability to remap buttons, I've never owned a 3 mouse button so I couldn't rotate the screen.  I got to a point where I felt there wasn't much left to do except get more people and build more of the same.   Plenty of food, water, air, electric, native animals livestock, etc...  The only thing I felt was left was balancing room temps better, exploring the surface map a little more, and maybe redesigning my base a little.  Now I killed off like 20 teams or so figuring out the different dependencies and I think the colonist ai could use some tweaking but I would like to see more variety with what you can build and with what you can gain from research or find out on the planet.  You know content stuff, but I don't think one guy could do all that quickly enough so I'll probably just come back to it in a few months and see what's changed.  I don't feel like I'm communicating accurately at this time I may edit this later."
76561198001569206,Not Recommended,252250,28195079,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,mdehaan,Terrible colonist AI ruins the game. Especially when you can't have them build things in a specific order. Colonists will let themselves die of dehydration or starvation with plenty of resources available. Just terrible AI.
,Not Recommended,252250,10269388,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Zouking,Dont buy this game yet!graphics are good.....concept is good.....everything else is good......exept gameplay ............there is no interesting game play YET! I suggest if you like this king of game to wait at least till the next update.
,Not Recommended,252250,9089414,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,G-Wave,"Confusing interface along with improper controls makes for a very unintutitave game. Check back when it's not in alpha, but for now don't waste your money.Easily worth 5$ right now. No more. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,252250,8301288,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ligerzero459,"In it's current format, Maia is not a playable game. I would say that it is currently in VERY early Alpha stages. Graphics are up and running (for the most part), but that's about it. The actual gameplay is not really implemented, and the parts that are there are not easy to figure out. There's no way to change the settings, no way to look at the key mapping (a critical thing in any new game), and it's really just trial and error.I'd advise putting Maia on your Wishlist and waiting for about 6 months or so. It looks like it has a lot of potential, but it has a way to go before it's even in an Early Access playable form."
,Not Recommended,252250,7941972,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,nilloc93,"don't get it yet, it might be fun in 3 months but for now its just placing buildings and tools with no real gameplay"
,Recommended,252250,25499318,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Umadbrah,"This game is fun and seems to have quite a bit of potential. I've owned the game for a while now, just getting around to writing a review. There have been many updates since I purchased and the dev seem to be trying to listen to feedback to improve the game and are quite active on various social media, unlike some other indie companies/groups."
,Not Recommended,252250,21728930,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,udel007,"This review is of the game in ALPHA stages: Potential exists but don't purchase it yet.Every once in a while you find a developer that understand what early Early access means and understands that it does not mean crowd source fundraising.Not everything will work in Alpha and that is fine -- however there should be some minimum expectations. As of right now there are some ridiculous bugs/issues that I noticed within the first 20 mins of play including the following:- Turning on/off text effects do not work properly (text effects are very annoying and distracting)- The exit button does not work.- Camera functions are not smooth on high end machine (i7 / GTX 908ti / 16GB)There are options that should be available for use in an alpha that are not:- Video options are extremely limited and are extremely slow to respond to adjustments- No Gamma correction and this game tends to be a bit darkBy the time the developer is receiving money from players, the core game enviornment should be stable and workable enough to determine what else needs to be done in order to enable the community to provide usefull feedback. This is not the case and adding features should not be the priority when the enviornment is not stable and the GUI is clumsy at best.My guess is they are running out of money and are getting desperate."
,Not Recommended,252250,7911228,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ragathol,"This is a neat concept, but that's all it is for now - there's not much of actual game content. Keep an eye on this, as it is real promising, but not worth to buy right now unless you just want to support the project."
,Not Recommended,252250,26061729,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Xenophero,"Literally unplayable with the amount of crashes and freezes. Has a great concept and I hope they fix all the bugs, but it's not woth buying yet."
76561197981539515,Recommended,252250,34885328,Posted: 11 September,all,CaptainMack28,"Hello all. I am playing the 0.63 release. The game has come along and is in a playable state. There are some balancing issues but nothing eggregious. I feel like the game could be a bit harder. I think you get through the early game quite fast and then it slows to a crawl as you wait for your colonists to build the things they let you know via email.The email system could be cleaned up some, as sometimes the emails open on there own, and you have to close them. Other times you see an email that has not been opened. As you read the emails and respond to them, and to other crises around the colony, you decide what should be built and order it. Then you sit and wait until your colonists get around to it.I am not sure but I think the smelter works automatically though sometimes you check it and as soon as you hover over it it starts working. I would like a dialog of the smelter so you always know what state it's in.BUG:The 3D printer can be placed to close to a wall and the new IMPs cannont get of from between the wall and the printer. This last item I will report to the devs.WANTS:I would like to see the walls bias out of view as you mouse over them so you can more easily see what you're working on in the room.In conclusion I want to see this game completed and I recommend it even now due to such high potential."
76561198040753583,Recommended,252250,24282523,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Orr,"I'm very positive that even though the full release is taking quite some time, that you won't have to worry about him pulling a Peter Molyneux on us."
76561198033419089,Recommended,252250,25922333,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Carnus,Fantastic game despite not being playable for any prolonged period in its current state. The game is constantly improving with changes having positive impact and is responsive to player feedback. Can't really ask for more from a game in Alpha.Maia is basically a base management game with survival elements and will be even better once more content is added and the bugs ironed out. At present there are actually a surprisingly low number of bugs but the main one that gets me everytime is the deaths from your colonists just deciding to stop moving and eventually dehydrate or starve (whichever comes first). This wouldn't be a problem if there wasn't a cap on the number of colonists meaning they don't get replaced. Eventually everyone will be dead and with nobody replaced the base can't get bigger as more people would be required.For an early access game it's a good problem to have as it will be fixed eventually. General gameplay is still really fun and oddly stable. I would recommend this game to anybody that can overllok bugs at this stage and wants to try iterations of build orders etc to try to get a perfect base. Just be aware that you will fail regardless of how well you plan at this stage.
76561197993912153,Not Recommended,252250,30017423,Posted: 18 February,all,Boa_CVH,"Fun, but needs a lot of work still. Revisit when done."
76561198008501262,Not Recommended,252250,30210838,Posted: 26 February,all,SheerTorcher,"I'm a fan of this genre of game, way back from Sim City and Startopia. This game had a lot of promise to me: science fiction setting, resource management challenges, etc.Unfortunately I can't recommend it. I've done the tutorial now 8 times and it always ends one of two ways: the one mining robot mining as instructed and getting crushed to death in a cave in, meaning no mining and no resource production; or the mining robot doesn't get crushed but the colonists all stand idly about not building the heaters and atmosphere generators they need to live, while power and materials are available.I even tried playing without the tutorial, doing basic game starts without the tutorials guidance, and they all end the same way: my colonists freeze and suffocate while doing nothing to help themselves, no matter what is available to them. It's pretty boring, because the game pace is pretty slow, watching the colonists freeze to death.These failed starts don't count the failed starts due to the clunky interface: you frequently end up unbuilding things that have been built, crucial doorways and room sections disappear with one false click, mislicked false starts on construction can't be cleaned up and started over.No way the game is ready for prime time. But I bought it, and tried too hard so I can't give it back, so I guess I'll check back in a couple of years and see if it's been updated."
76561197970367087,Recommended,252250,13913796,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sir Hacksalot,"I've been playing the game for a while now.It's slowly getting there.The dev seems to care more about doing it properly, than doing it fast.You need to be patient, but I would say there is promise."
76561198045433482,Recommended,252250,23018163,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,mj,"I have been playing this game for 6 hours. Long story short: The concept is fascinating, but the implementation is extremely buggy, and there are bugs you would not expect after 3 years development.Playing was fun sometimes, but there were lots of extremely frustrating moments. I would recommend to try it though: While I don't think it its worth its money now, I still hope the developer will start thinking ""top-down"" eventually, leave sound and graphics alone (they are really nice already) and fix the basic stuff that prevents this from being playable.I've managed to play through for more than an hour, but 50 % of launches crash in the first few seconds.The UI is not intuitive, but it's easy once you get it.Some basic stuff is not working e.g. pathfinding: NPCs run through walls and other obstackes or get stuckIt is not obvious why a task is not executed (e.g. which resource is missing)In one of my games, at some point there was nothing more to do.I gave up when all of a sudden both the mouse pointer and lighting failed globally (black screen with just a few icons, unable to do anything)I would strongly suggest getting help from an experienced SW developer."
76561197970538156,Recommended,252250,31697866,Posted: 12 May,all,plasmajam,"Great concept and excellent effort at making Maia better and better. Dig out your niche and create an awesome base for your astronauts to live comfortable and happy lives. For  me, easy level is still rather difficult and  my colonists go down  in short order, because of heat and cold will kill you as fast as anything. This latest patch evidently takes care of that and numerous other bugs...still a few bugs left, btw.I would recommend this game to antone who thinks they'll like it, because the atmosphere is so....well, ""alien-ey"". Not like the movie, but just...really different. ..alien, out of THIS world enough for me to get lost in the atmosphere of science ""semi-fiction""If you like space base builders, I think you'll like Maia. If you hate it, just request a refund before the ""two weeks - two hours"" rule for refunds has past. What have you got to lose?"
76561197974030202,Not Recommended,252250,8413758,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jwmcrae,"Terrible game, completely unplayable, save your money"
,Recommended,252250,15144419,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,I've owned this game about 8 months now (don't let me play time fool you it doesn't track my offline time)the devolper speaks with the players and even makes custom fixes for peoples problems - which I find impressive - he goes out of his way to stay with his vision of the game BUT also blends in player requests so that his dream for the game builds on what the players wants which makes it a solid game concept.it is early release with a small team so if you want a game with 2-4 updates a month this isnt' for you - if you want a solid game with tons of hope that you actually can ask for stuff with a actual chance for it to get in - this is your gamethere is some cons I won't lie to you - its got some bugs - colonist seem to be sucidal at times refuseing to eat drink and die - the robot miners seem to get confused - and the space chickens seem to hate me - but that said each game update I have fewer complaints and so much new and cool things are addedI was worried 8 months ago when I bought this game - but now I'd definatly have purchased it with a smile. - I might not be a fanboy of this game - but if the devolper keeps it up I might have to convert
76561197967015794,Recommended,252250,14339446,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cliff,Its a fun game. Still alot of stupid behavior though. Like colonists starving in their sleep. I do look forward to what the future of this game will bring though.
76561198057974849,Not Recommended,252250,10512535,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Orion,"As of right now, this game is unplayable. It'll crash about 5-10 minutes into gameplay for no reason."
76561197970966562,Not Recommended,252250,21797079,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bushid0g*,"Do not buy.Progress on development is abysmal since 2 years.Frustrating, clunky, broken in every possible way.Yet i keep coming back to it every once in a while, to see if anything's improving. I want to like it. There's a long way to go until it is worth the 20€ asked."
,Recommended,252250,15660476,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Prophet,"Great potential. It is obviously a rough game and with it being currently in development anyone willing to play should give the build a ton of leeway. With that said I enjoyed the game, every second, up until you could literally not go any further. I look forward to more and would buy the game to support the developers. I did."
76561197981499887,Not Recommended,252250,9061698,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Sarah Palin,"I have tried to like this game.  I really have.  But it is one of my biggest early access regrets.The AI is simply awful.  The settlers are complete idiots, and will not do simple things like build food planters to help themselves survive.  Instead they will wander in circles and grab their stomachs, wondering why they are so hungry.  They won't build beds, but then they'll wander around random rooms until they die of exhaustion.  It's stupid.  The chickens are more intelligent than the settlers ffs.  The devs either need to vastly improve the AI, or add in a way to control or at least prod settlers to do what they need to be doing.  I understand the whole ""early access"" concept, but this is like one of the basic premises of the game.  If the settlers can't even stay alive on their own for an hour, why the **** am I playing?I wrote a review of this a long time back, when it was more or less a demo at full price.  I didn't recommend it back then, but someone on the dev team commented asking me to try the game again and do another review.  Well, here you go random guy.  The game is still bad, I still don't recommend it, and thank goodness for games like The Forest, Subnautica, and Project Zomboid, or I'd have completely lost faith in the EA concept."
,Recommended,252250,24135685,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Shadow 363,"As long as the devs keep updating it frequently, you can't really not reccomend the game, though I do have an issue, here's how my most recent run went.>Get space heaters and♥♥♥♥♥♥ charge, etc>Nobody is making food.exe>why the...>Plants not growing, light and space heater present>This didn't happen before>People run out of food before they run out of water>Check food maker-thing, nobody is using it>40% of the colonist population dies from starvation instantly>ragequit.exe>logic could not be foundThough the game has really stunning graphics, and is extremely fun.So long as it works. I reccomend getting it on sale or waiting a little bit longer.Edit:Hour 1: My colonists are building an atmosphere generator and a work bench. Along with wind turbines. Things are going wellHour 2: Two of my colonists got stuck in the hydroponics room they built themselves into...Hour 3: Those same colonists died from hypothermia...It was 25 degrees celsius.Hour 4: I need the colonists to just deconstruct ONE door, so I can build them a living area and finally get hydroponics open.Day 6: BEEP BEEP BEEP! WARNING: TEMPERATURE LOW IN..........HYDROPONICS.GOD DAMN IT, I KNOW! THE COLONISTS HAVEN'T DECONSTRUCTED THE DAMN DOOR YET! WE'VE RAN OUT OF FOOD BEFORE WE'VE RAN OUT OF WATER, AND THEY'RE ALL GOING TO DIE!"
76561198008482305,Not Recommended,252250,30208430,Posted: 26 February,all,yorty8671,"This game looked really promising, I liked the features and the setting but it is simply taking way too long. It hasn't changed significantly in the 3 years since i purchased it. That would be okay if it functioned, but still when i play it now after all this time, the frame rate is unbearably low and it crashes every 15 mins. I think it's just one man developing the game, so don't hope for a finished product any time soon. Waste of time and money, don't bother."
76561197961241274,Recommended,252250,30084711,Posted: 21 February,all,Fatalisreturns,"The game obviously needs some improvement but it is playable and quite fun if you like space games, building ones, management style. Devs are actually updating the game and they also use the forum and responding!"
76561198065618648,Recommended,252250,26241155,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Gen. HugglyPugglyWuggly,"This games is witty, interesting, Initially challenging and very definitly still in development. I'd reccomend it as is because I feel that I got my monies worth but with several caveats:The learning curve is steep but ultimatly shallow at the moment.Your only challenge is surviving both your ignorance and the enviroment so several features feel redundent.It is very definitly in development despite the amount of time it has been EA, since 2013, having said that the dev is very involved with the community, posting updates of good quality.TLDR cool, original game with a great deal of complexity and some depth whilst also being buggy and at times frustrating."
,Recommended,252250,11928426,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,QuantumMyth,"This would be a good game if everyone didn't die from some disease or illness every time you played, or if Earthquakes would stop catching your ONLY IMP or whoever every time you start expanding, or if the colonists would, heavenforbid, actually DO something other than run in circles and drink and eat all day. Really, I have like, EVERYTHING and then ONE THING set up for like FOUR COLONISTS to do, and they don't do ANYTHING except pick up minerals and run to the airlock, put on a suit and see who can toss it the farthest! What the hell!And even if I may get a good world that didn't collapse on everything, why is it that it ♥♥♥♥ing crashes every ten minutes! Please, if you want us to play a god damn game, at least make it WORK, instead of being crashy AND crappy."
,Recommended,252250,12021298,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,LostWarrior,"This Game Doesnt Really go well with Windows 8.1 I hope that they update it and make it playable for windows 8.1 as well because technology upgrades really fast and same should go with the games, they should be playable for all computers or different brand and made so for it to run smoothly without any bugs and crashes..."
,Recommended,252250,7990067,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Smokinjoe,I would wait a few months before buying this game. Its in Alpha and its super buggy.
,Recommended,252250,7991304,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tristavius,This game looks like it has a lot of potential and I look forward to seeing how it progresses.It should be made VERY clear though: at the moment this is more of a concept demonstration than a game... I'd say game play totals no more than 5 minutes.  'Early Access' is really a concept that's taken off big time this year and it can mean huge variation; there are games out there (example: Project Zomboid) which you can sink many dozens of hours into and others which are really just proof of concept.  Until the terminologies catrch up to describe the differences anyone looking for a playable game should always be aware of this before buying.
76561198045283557,Recommended,252250,8023982,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,cramper,I can't get past the first page. Aspect ratio is broken. Please advise.
,Recommended,252250,10810828,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Stefan,"Cool Idea of the game and the finish game will be quite nice. Right now?- no save option- very long startuptime of the game- nothing doing AI -> buildorder, some tasks are done, then the rest is ""walking around and stop working""- Dying by nothingdoing because of no rest, but beds are avialble. If they gonna sleep,  you have luck if they not sleep forever...Really Alpha game, unplayable, but I hope that I can play it in 1/2 year at least..."
,Recommended,252250,10875787,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,vkmicro,"Fun and addicting game. Considering it's an early alpha, it has more features than I expected. Anybody who likes god games where you build things and so on should definitely get this game. I really enjoyed the time I spent on this game, indeed there are some bugs and unless you really want to help development by reporting bugs to developers you might not want to get this game just yet.Great game though, amazing potential.A lot of features don't exist yet but as mentioned, it's very early in development."
,Recommended,252250,13746047,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tobeus,"It is still VERY early for this game and there are a LOT of little bugs that will have to get worked out.  Overall, I would say it is heading in the right direction, and as long as the dev keeps at it, this should be a fun game to play.  Don't expect the world considering it is still in Early Access though."
,Recommended,252250,8076960,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Brunlea,There have been several small patches for this game yet I can never locate the patch notes.  Can we see some please?
,Recommended,252250,8014476,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Pickle Rick,Great Game!
76561198021959076,Recommended,252250,8418881,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,arthur5911,looks like a good game but at this stage its unplayable and frustrating because of game freeze and crashes
76561198083588025,Recommended,252250,11986454,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,michaeljmarvel,I think that is just need a restart game opinion added in the menu i really love this game it is fun.
76561197985521253,Recommended,252250,12372354,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Squirrel,"It has a random crash sometimesVery nice environmentIts like we miss some more people there, they cant seam to keep up, collecting ore,maintenance,getting water, etc.We need more of those robots also or more people i think.Need status updated on the people, oxygen levels, maybe how manny tasks they have in queGood game, keep it up"
,Recommended,252250,7962201,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pan Fried Onion Juice Ninja,"I have very high expectations for this game. Dispite the bugs and the lack of things to experience it can still be great fun to play for 20 mins or so when you get bord. I can see 20 mins evolving to 10 hours as this game becomes more developed.Building a colony on a hostial planet isnt good? ♥♥♥♥♥ please, its amazing.8/10 so far... i recan 10/10 in full game."
,Recommended,252250,10055776,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,MGDawson,"Nice graphics, simple to learn, hard to master - a bit like a crossover between Civ 5 and Spacebase DF9.However, on my machine it crashed every 20 minutes, so hopefully it will gain some stability in future."
,Recommended,252250,11328659,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ZILTOID the Omniscient,the game catstrophically crashes when i try to change graphic settings in GUI
76561198035963100,Recommended,252250,12383121,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Renothian,"Yes it looks like the start of a great game, but no I have not been able to get anywhere. I start a base, get a workshop up, alarms start going off in workshop, colonists die, start over, which is tedious because it takes forever to load too... Good looking game, I will try it again later when I can actually play it..."
76561198040895423,Recommended,252250,7992070,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,[MAS] That Frog Kurtis,well it looks like this will develop into a really good game but the lack of menus or clear controls makes it very hard to playone to watch out for when its further down the line
,Not Recommended,252250,7952496,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,idolai,"The game looks good, but completion of the game is very low.Not worth the money."
76561198004663114,Recommended,252250,7994619,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Czyrek-Marc,"This game as of (12/10/2013) Is in a very early state, while it does have a very high potential to be on par with other Indy games like KSP and Terraria, you will likely be frustrated with the lack of solid features currently in the game. While I do not regret buying this game, it is certianly just sprouting, and I am quite eager to see it come to full fruition. I will update this review as time goes on ~"
76561198036184209,Recommended,252250,8008989,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,McSkullBandit,"Has a lot of potential, not being able to save yet is frustrating."
,Recommended,252250,8036424,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,nsdwgod999,YEAH
76561197974747697,Recommended,252250,8406539,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Stevie D,"Just download this....and it has massive potential. Really looking good – keep up the good work.However, please stop the 1970’s data “wobble/interference” effect of all text – very annoying and totally unnecessary.Apart from that, very good…."
,Recommended,252250,10920296,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Avaratis,"Yeah I know still alpha, but this game has great potential. If you like the Space/Final Frontier setting you gonna like this game. The graphics are pretty neat, and I really like the graphic style. Well at this point the game is pretty buggy, but this can be fixed, and if more features for the endgame are added, this is going to be a great game."
,Recommended,252250,11280403,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"This game is probably fun, and I really like the feel and background of the world the developers are working to create. However, at this point in development, it's so early access that it's almost completely unplayable. The in-game tutorials and user interface both need serious work before Maia is an enjoyable experience. That said, I love Simon's ideas and the directions Maia seems to be moving in, so I'm really looking forwards to seeing where it ends up."
76561198068582952,Recommended,252250,9176659,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sugai Yuuka,It's a great concept and I'm loving the game but sometimes it crashes and there are no saves. I'm a bit upset that I don't have the option to save but otherwise it is a great game.
76561197966245273,Recommended,252250,9597497,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,HaZarDeuR,"This early Alpha shows a promising concept based on some of my favorite games. If you liked the Bullfrog Games from the nineties you will probably like this. But be warned: This is far from finished and does not really deliver any real ""gaming"". The Basic Tools are there, but so far it is just a tech-demo."
,Recommended,252250,8208221,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Boondeb (Julian),"Though it is in early alpha, this is a very promising idea. Overall, it is unique. I will say one thing though, it does have a few problems that can be fixed. Overrall, if we want to go with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rating scores, I would say a 7. It's an average. An alpha."
,Not Recommended,252250,9820238,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Exquisite,"Nice concept. May be a real game when it's done.Not worth buying it right now (except if you REALLY want to support the project).You can barely do basics things for now.I chose ""No"" to the ""Do you recommend this game?"" just to put a warn on reviews. In fact it would be both ""Yes"" and ""No""."
,Recommended,252250,26314574,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Calv,"I've been struggling to reach a stable point with a colony for a long time with Maia, preventing death from starvation, exhausation or stupidity before you can establish a sustainable base seems extremely challenging. It was during one of these frustrating attemps that I stumbled upon the secret backstory to Maia.This isn't a game about society's elite heading into the stars to colonise new and interesting planets. This is a society's eugenics program in action. They have rounded up all of the lazy, the stupid, and the generally incompetent and shipped them off to some godforsaken planet with just enough resources to survive. They figured it was more humane than outright execution.So bear this in mind when playing Maia, whenever you start screaming at the colonists to stop running from room to room staring at walls and go build that *******! solar array before they freeze to death, just relax and remember that you're the last hope of these plucky underdogs that have been abandoned by their society."
,Recommended,252250,8039585,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ypnos,I'm really looking forward to the finished product!
76561197972919094,Not Recommended,252250,28152699,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Captain Gimpy,STILL CANNOT FIX THE AI
76561197970805832,Recommended,252250,25550852,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Relicknight,This is one of those early access games you look at for YEARS and say i hope i hope i hope it gets done!pretty fun so far just going through all early games growing pains which is understandable. just like i previously said i hope it gets done :)
76561198026159663,Recommended,252250,27354184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SCP-1111,"This game is improving. There is bugs. But the single man dev is working day and night keeping it as clean as he can. Great concept, interesting design, and challenging. What more you need?"
76561197972500073,Recommended,252250,14395948,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,J v b,Maia is becoming more and more the game that i wanted but there is still loots to do like crashes and bugs and unfinished mechanics!updates is coming so i have high hopes for this game :)
76561197973486048,Not Recommended,252250,21558870,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,wyldmage,"So, I love the concept of this game.  But it has now been out ""early access"" for 15 months.It has some major bugs still.It is still in what I'd consider a rudimentary stage of development.The tutorial does not flow well.And in general, it just feels empty and lacking."
76561198021917807,Recommended,252250,20981782,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ltc. Frost,"Still needs a lot of work, though with the recent updates the game how become more playable. Still wish the devs would update the control system so the player can control the conlonists to do certain tasks. Most of all the bugs have been fixed.I give it a 6.5/10"
76561198011628413,Recommended,252250,15140075,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Padders,"Good colony simulation/managment game. Needs some major improvements still, but that's why it's in development.... I look forward to more content and bug fixes!"
,Recommended,252250,22011132,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,blindcoder,"Build an outpost, care for your people, watch them die. All I need to know :D"
76561197975732248,Recommended,252250,34050855,Posted: 5 August,all,iThrud,"I really like both the premise and execution of the game mechanics. It's not an easy game by any means, but challenging and entertaining. Despite being in EA the games features as added seem to be pretty well rounded out, so you are not left with that feeling of ""Oh, it's broken!"" as you can be in some others. Features are pphased in in a way that adds to the gameplay options, and they tend to stand on their own, which speaks to good design.The bad? Screen options are limited right now, something I'd expect to get better as it gets closer to release (ummm, can I have 4k sir? - said in my best oliver twist voice)."
,Recommended,252250,23569476,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Tommy-Trinder,"I've been following this game for some time and when is came onto Early Access I was very excited by the concept. However since then I have become a bit disillusioned with it. But I will provide a fair judgement of it in its current state and the developers.The game does have amazing charm, almost all the tech in the game is not far from what we have now and this gives the game a fantastic sense of realism. Even the charecters are dressed to match what you would expect and the game has a fantastic sense of humour in the little info pop ups. Base construction is intresting placing rooms and then decorating them freeform does give a great sense of personalisation (beware OCD people out there, trying to place things dead on is a nightmare, I suffered!). The world outside your underground home feels alive in the style it has been done in with various creatures who may pose a challenge to you. And they accompany the various events such as earthquakes that keep the game fresh and intresting. Managing the various resources is also given a sense of realism such as managing air production and flow, heat, food and such and the devices used are, as I've said, realistic in design the type of thing you would see in a building today. Futhermore the game's developers are fairly active and updates are common but nothing really seems to make serious progress forward.However this sense of realism is compounded by the fact the game is buggy as hell. I cannot reason the A.I of your people who seeminly act at random if at all. They will often die standing in a room that has no heaters set up yet while the room next door is fully heated. Getting them do to anything is a chore and I have often had people die early on because they take so long constructing the basics. The tutorial is terrible, I thought that all you needed as the atmos gens to sort our heating and the like, but while the tutorial gets you to build one it does not get you build the heaters meaning by the time you realise you really really need to, coupled with the time it takes the A.I to do anything, it might be too late.The U.I is not very helpful with nothing immediatly displayed on the screen meaning on your first go you wont even know how much elect, water and such you have until it runs out. I like where the developer is trying to take it however, being able to read your peoples E-mails is a great idea and again adds to the personalisation. But at the moment is fails to give the player what they need.The colonists work independent of the player, but sometimes it is needed to force construction of an item or activity and if there is a way to do this I havn't found it. If you need to build a turbine for an emergency power drop, but have other actions already in place your a little screwed.All in all the game has a great feel to it and that is why I am reccomending it, to keep and eye on it but not to buy. Previous versions of this game were more enjoyable and to me more stable and that is a shame but hopefully this is due to them implimenting the game proper and this is just a rough patch. As I said a game to follow not to wishlist."
76561197997559839,Recommended,252250,29039485,Posted: 5 January,all,profitX10,"Let me preface this... THIS GAME IS IN A ROUGH STATE.That said, I have been holding off writing this review, but given the slow but steady progress and most systems I expect to be in the game are there at this point, and the fact I can play a fairly decent game with only frequent but not constant crashes that can for the most part be worked around... I really like playing this game.   That is not an honor I bestow to lightly... out of the 400+ in my library I like maybe 30...This is a fun little Colony/Miner/builder/researcher/survival game.  The cost IMHO is a smidgen high, so I waited for a sale, but if you break it down per hour played it is roughly 50 cents/hour of fairly pleasurable time.There is challenge, there is heartbreak, there are even missions if you're into that sort of thing.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A FLAWLESS EXPERIENCE.BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING DIFFERENT, FUN AND ARE WILLING TO USE QUICKSAVE EVERY 5 MINS FOR ONE OF THE BETTER SCI-FI COLONY SANDBOX GAMES."
,Recommended,252250,30273494,Posted: 1 March,all,hugh.brown,"While this is an early access game I really don't feel it to be as buggy as some people say.I have had so much fun since I started it yesterday, played 4 hours in one sitting. Simply mesmerizing.0.61 is coming soon too, according to the dev he's adding in gui changes amongst others.Highly recommended."
76561198059694322,Not Recommended,252250,31307600,Posted: 22 April,all,Drace,"i like this game, it is challenging and fun. the graphics are good but that is about the end of that. this game needs much work. the building is cumbersome and needs to be changed to a more tile style format. i for one do not like having to scroll the buildable items using ""q or e"" better user interactions are needed. also an ability to assign people to jobs or tasks is a must. another thing is and maybe its something im doing wrong, but people seem to die too easily. ill have plenty of power a hydrofarm, living area with all amenities yet they still die. DEVS please keep working on your game and make it playable."
76561198005737324,Not Recommended,252250,12239889,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,jdc017,Seems to be a very very promising and fun game ive had the alpha for a whileunfortunatly i havent been able to get ten minutes of gameplay befor a crash in at least seven monthsIts an alpha so be warnedi just wish they would focus on stability before adding more features
76561197979353957,Not Recommended,252250,12437265,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Velrisias,I do not recommend this game in its current state. Its more or less an tech demo then an actual game. It has some nice ideas but the time between updates are far too long. Maybe in the future this will become a game instead of a techdemo.
76561198116679961,Not Recommended,252250,9878821,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Rogue Blue,I feel like this game is £10 overpriced for the current state it is in however i think it will be improved soon and will be a good game and i regret buying this at the moment so now i do expect this to improve and quickly
,Not Recommended,252250,35204004,Posted: 25 September,all,Skynet100,I found at first this game to be interesting due to the screenshots shown but when playing it I found the interface hard to use and difficult to follow. You don't get a list of objects or structures to build which in my view a shame. I hope the developer will improve after official release once Early Access is over. Will try again but after then.....
76561197979179031,Not Recommended,252250,13255898,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Jack43,This game has a lot of potential but is unplayable in its current state. You will play for 10 - 20 mins before the AI will stop building new items all together. Don't get me wrong this is a early access and if completed it will be a great game.
,Recommended,252250,25600445,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Deathsboon,"Ok so this game is a mix of space colony and dungeon keeper. That being said this game has been in EA for quite awhile ive owned it for almost a year and they have made massive leaps and bounds, Still the game needs a lot of work which that dev's realize there is stuff a lot to do. So I have hope for the game but it's still in that netural area I would have to rate this is a 6.5/ 10  and if you want to see some non steam trailer of the game check out this link of my gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODL2OCyEDEITLDR: It's a alright game needs works and dev's realize that 6.5/10"
,Recommended,252250,25516038,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Merino,"While the game did have a lot of issues that made me put it aside for the time being when I first took a look at it back in 2014, it has definitely come a long a way and has a lot of potential for the future development. It's quite playable by now and a recommendation for fans of the genre. I'll definitely check back from time to time to see what's new."
76561198022708175,Not Recommended,252250,12435654,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,batch48,"A game with promise, but it needs to be developed more. Its going to stay on the shelf awaiting the update's to make it playable."
76561198041722340,Recommended,252250,8591231,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pickled Rick,"the need to sort the save function out, and the chickens because the ammout of chickens wouldnt stop growning lol"
76561198070320887,Not Recommended,252250,28085806,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tommyliedl,"Seemed like a good game at the start, but now it crashes as soon as i try to play. Not amused!"
,Recommended,252250,10046698,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,HuNNk,"buy it ! this game require lot of work ,but there s lot of very good updates and devs are serious and really good"
,Recommended,252250,7947640,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Stefan The Hun,"In the current state of Alpha, it is very very broken. Please wait atleast a few months before it becomes playable. There is no menus to change options, it only opens in wondowed mode, the construction tiles are off center then from the orginal beginning structure. There are no clear goals, etc. Still looks promising."
76561197987964795,Recommended,252250,26239644,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Yuki,"UPDATE: Only two versions later, this game is getting more and more fun, and the bug fixes keep rolling in.Keep them rolling in :D....................................................I personally have been looking at this game for over 2 years, and at .57 I bought it.Cool, ok, It's fun and frustrating, and challenging. You have to figure out ways around problems, and force your way through the issues, even that means rocking up a body count.Would be nice to have a higher population numbers count, and some more of a built up base, for the 4 minions you start with, and more tweaks and such, but they will come.Sure it has a long way to go, but i'm keen to see where it goes, is it worth the money, in it's current states NO, BUT! i decided to support the creator, and if more people do, who knows we might actually get it even sooner."
76561197973294980,Recommended,252250,34071061,Posted: 6 August,all,Z21A,"I don't remember when I started supporting this game, but its been awhile. Years probably at this point.When I purchased it, I simply liked the idea of the game (survival/colony manage game). Though I don't have many hours on the game, Maia sits on favorites list and I come back to it every few months. And every few months, its improved.I can't say much for the game in its current state, it definately needs some refinement, but I can comment on the developer. With all the early access garbage, and I've supported a few, the game takes its time being updated but its updated consistantly even about 4 years after release by what I understand to be just one guy. Even if I end up not liking the game in the end, I happily support a single man team that continueously provides content in a sea of early access garbage."
,Recommended,252250,7929523,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,❤ Dark Bunny Liz ❤,"still in erly access but its very promising :) really lookforward to future updates, love paying around with it and super breeding chickes that like red glow sticks :)"
,Not Recommended,252250,10088585,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Attuin,"What is there to say about this very Early Access game. Released too soon? Yes. There is no legend or key to show what the wants and needs of the group members are. All of a sudden a team member is running then dies for no reason. Far far far too much micro managing with absolutely no feedback on whether or not what you are doing is constructive or will cause death. Should be renamed 'build stuff and lose... in space!' Build too many essential things which are needed (turbines) and watch your crew spend all their time maintaining and repairing machines and completely neglecting everything else such as eating or sleeping. Nice concept but a very very long ways left to go on balancing the game play, NPC control, and micromanaging EVERYTHING."
76561197978095237,Not Recommended,252250,7948011,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Tom Foolious,"***Updated Review***I last left a review / played this game about 3 years ago. I had many issues with the game then. This time around, the same applied. Still having issues with features of the game working.Here is a list of things I had trouble with during my 4 hour playthrough (which is also up on my Twitch/YT Gaming/Hitbox/Beam profiles):- Colonists move incredibly slow and thus, progressing through a game is excrutiatingly slow.- Placing items/rooms is difficult. I had mined out the rocks between my initial default space and the empty space nearby and I hit a bug in which, I couldn't place any type of room in the given empty space.- During the first mission I had to repeatedly find a new place to setup the microwave transmitter. The transparent showing of the object would be green, assuming to me it was a good position to place the transmitter, but then when placed that ghost object would be red.- Double clicking to prioritize jobs works some of the time I feel. I had the transmitter, some atmos gens and meat trolleys prioritized, but they were not taken care of in time and I failed the mission or my colonists died.- I would like to see smarter AI...If I have my storage room setup with atmos gen and a small heater...I'd kinda expect them to hang out in there most of the time instead of venturing into other parts of the base to then die from cold exposure or asphyxiation.- I had 2 or 3 crash to desktops as well during my 4 hour playthrough.After trying out this game again, I still cannot recommend anyone to pick this up. I'm sure that Simon is the only one developing this game and it has got to be tough, but I am no happier playing now than I was 3 years ago. There have been improvements for sure since my last playthrough, but from alpha 0.1 (or w/e it was when I first played 3 years ago) to Alpha 0,58 there are still issues that I saw 3 years ago not addressed."
,Not Recommended,252250,8002827,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Kpt.KittyBucket,"I cannot emphasize tis more, THIS GAME IS A MEGA ALPHA. It's practically only a concept right now.I'd suggest waiting to see if this game actually comes to fruition."
76561198059773230,Not Recommended,252250,12110741,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,patricoconnor,"Cannot recommend this game at all. The progress has been so slow and any updates have not improved anything.To make it worse is the price...should only be charging €5 for a game at this very very early stage.Concept and the look and feel of the game are amazing however positve comments end there.You get about 5 minutes into it and charactors appear to just stand motionless for no reason.Also, why can't that robot build stuff? Whats the point of him?Took nearly 3 months to get 1 update out, I know we're supposed to forgive a little when its an early access release, however I expect a bit of participation and activity from the Developers end too."
76561198007217789,Recommended,252250,8840029,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,NinjaPorky97,"Although it is still in its early stages, this game has great potential. However, I would only recommend it if you are willing to stay with it as it progresses."
,Recommended,252250,13500459,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sapiodon,When this egg hatches it will be the most beautiful birdy.
76561198046248552,Recommended,252250,7970675,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Gormin,Purchase only if you wish to support this project. There's no actual gameplay content yet in the game.
76561198062953836,Recommended,252250,7977981,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,warchief214,"The initial build is buggy, but much to expect if the game is solidly worked out. Game crashes are frequent, but its an early access. Compared to other early access  it is still incomplete when it comes to basic core gameplay. Despite all of this the developer has a chance to turn this into a solid build, hopefully soon before interest in the game wanes. I see alot of potential but still havent seen significant patches to address alot of crash issues. I would recomend this to anyone with the patience to see it through until it is a solid product. That being said I give it a thumbs up with caution, its all in the hands of the developer to make this a success or not........."
,Recommended,252250,7983718,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Herr von Smit,"Although it can get buggy sometimes, I love the concept and the neverending supply of uberhens!Those chickens got everywhere, I just ended a game with thousands ands thousands of chickens.Love it!"
76561198103804670,Recommended,252250,8613931,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MajestcDeadman,"Good game has alot of potential, a few tweaks are needed like the mouse scrolling option is very annoying on mac because when you try to place and object it moves around and makes the game lag and you could spend a while looking for your base again."
,Not Recommended,252250,10109642,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lambuck1,"Not one to normally write a review of a game, but here is mine...This game just updated, saw the 2nd trailer of the new stuff the game introduced so i bought it to try it out myself. After about 20-30 min of playing, this is what i've experienced- Game play started to get choppy- Colonists randomly going unresponsive (guessing death)- No indication of what they are needing to stop the deaths- No way to control the AI's to make sure they are getting their necessities such as sleep- A livestock farm I made had (my guess) about 200 chickens in it which lagged harshly- Multiple crashes (no autosaves)Now, im not dissing the idea, its a wonderful concept that isn't in most games. It just has a way to go... Give it maybe another 2-5 updates and it should be playable."
,Recommended,252250,11325977,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mephiston,"Edit: Update as of 4th Nov 2015, original review below for posterity and because it still has some valid points. The aforementioned save system works fine now, the game is a lot more stable, and has many more features and content. The AI pathing and priorities are still buggy, but the developer is working on them.The caveat at the bottom still applies, but there is more substance to the game now. Considering it was up until recently a one man dev team, its at least a good effort. Worth peeking at if you can get it on a 50% or more sale, not recommended at full price unless you're a big fan of the game concept and know what you're getting into.---------------------------------------------------A neat game with a good concept, but is nowhere near playable in any respect YET. Currently (as of 19th June 2014) the game lacks such features as working save system, game stability, solid AI pathing, room code management and much more.With more funding/staff or time this game can be amazing, but right now? Don't even.As of current version I recommend this game, with a HUGE caveat; Know what you're getting into: An unfinished, very early alpha of what could possibly be a great game. If you trust the developers wont get sick of the game and run off with the money (anyone remember Towns?) then give it a go and see. If you want a fully functioning game, keep it on the wishlist and wait until it gets out of early access."
76561198039285985,Not Recommended,252250,8652361,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,fallengord,"nice looking game....had potenialslow, tactical, long play game, with no save feature....crashes (an acceptable thing in an alpha) but without being able to save only lets you expereice the first few mins on the version.i have repeatedly questioned if this game is ready for pre release.its like paying $25 for a half lvl demo that crashes so you cant get anywhere"
,Recommended,252250,7988567,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Fract',Good game but game but need huge update becose they are no menu  and u cant save...
76561198027949427,Recommended,252250,7940591,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,buzz,"Selling ALPHA?The WORST marketing strategy ever.Lacking funds for developement? Launch a fundraiser, but don't sell your stuff as if it's fine already.That's not even an alpha, that's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I could'nt even run on recommended system.I'm up for a project I like, but not when I'm sold something trailer-alike instead of product."
,Not Recommended,252250,11472731,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Chase Quinnell,"I absolutely do not recommend this game.  It's in what can only be described as an unplayable pre-alpha state.  Development isn't especially fast and I do not forsee this game ever reaching a true release state.The AI barely works at all and the game plays like a tech demo at best.  At this stage it is unplayable and has been for nearly a year (It was released into Early Access around December of 2013).  Save your money until this developer can actually show some promising results.  As it stands, very little progress has been made..."
,Recommended,252250,7948414,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ianfrm901,"I'd reccommend this game, about 6 months from now. Good idea, however many functions don't work either properly or just don't work at all."
76561198116530605,Recommended,252250,10043048,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,legio.9th,i got the game and the controls do not work proply (can not spell) and are hard to under stand but looks good mite come back after more updates
76561198092818348,Recommended,252250,9503982,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,flotheplayer95,"At the moment unplayble.It's almost impossible to set up a colony. Why? Because after a short time, every colonist dies due the bad AI. But why I recommend the game? Because it has lot of potential. Go ahead developers, and do it fast."
76561198057808938,Recommended,252250,14056674,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Meechan007,It's a space colony builder. It will try to kill you. You will die alot. It will take you a long time to get used to it. But it's worth it to see your colony grow. Plus there is a update every month. and some small ones during the month.
76561198050115524,Not Recommended,252250,10079383,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Chris Isaac Baxter,"Promised so much, unable to deliver. Recent videos promoting build stability and new functions promted a reinstall. Unstable as ever. Nothing worth more than $5 currently in this game, and with the time between the tiniest of updates, this probably won't be anything halfway decent for another decade.Needs far more updates, content, stability, far less resource consumption. Really disappointing."
76561198036999379,Not Recommended,252250,17473148,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Drago,i love this game has a lot of potential when it is compleat but when is the real question. i  bought this game 2 years ago now on 3  and still little to nothing has been up dated the guy who develops this game is takinging his sweet time to update the game   and now i get a random crash after 10 min .. no worth my time or money this game should not even been relased off steam
76561197970929005,Not Recommended,252250,23526630,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mesheagle,"This would be a great game to play except for the slow responce of the AI's and some of the game settings such as Easy (Die every mission) half the items youneed to build to survie Like Oxygen Generators, Wall Heaters, even Power systems take solong to build that all the members of the team are dead before you can build one item. There maybe a nack to how you play this game and survie, but it would be hard to find it unless you made the game. I have played this game too long to get a refund now, if I had known what Iknow now about this game I would have just passed it by. One other thing this game is still in Alfra mode and it's been lie that for 2 yrs, the updates are so far apart and don't seem tochange much in the game at all, if the maker of this game was working on it alone then I guess that would be understandible, as i woud get bored with it as well if it took this long to make, but if theres a team working on it ....Sack Them... and get a team who know how to make a game."
76561197971083882,Recommended,252250,28448401,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Silverwing,"Giving this game a thumbs up based on Early Access status.It's fun, 16+ hours in and looking forward to the next update.  If you are looking for a polished game, with no bugs this is not the game for you, but worth putting on  your follow list.Pros: engaging idea, and appeals to my strategy sense.  I like the integration of AI in terms of survival, and building.Cons: The build priority of the colonist is a bit wonkers, and the tools to set priority don't always work.  At times (without cheats) you're at the mercy of what ever the colonist think should be done first.  Often you will find a colonist build a new facility only to have the build the wrong door first, and without additional raw building materials they will dye of hypothermia.That being said I like it, I like it a lot.  I have played several Early Access games and this is one that I will follow regularly.  Is it worth at buy, yes, especially since it is on sale this week.  But be aware it is underdevelopment and you will encounter bugs, and things that don't work as they should.  It's challenging, and entertaining!"
76561198006776194,Not Recommended,252250,17931694,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,[CZ] Naryneitred,"If you ever wanted to play a colonist game where all the colonists are taken from Idiocracy then this is the game for you.In the earlier alpha versions:-The colonists built in some random order prioritizing food and water over building anything, so all my colonists died from lack of clean air. During one of the play throughs they finally built the air generator and power generators just to find out that the colonists prioritized a couch over a bed. Yup, a couch. They would run to the workbench to work on the bed then run all the way back to the couch to sit and repeat this process with the occasional run to get food or water. The workbench and beds were really close. To be honest they finished the hopper before a bed, oh and a door to an empty room, and another couch. They never finished the bed.-Another play through I set up a nice looking research lab and placed an artifact in there. To my horror the artifact was cursed. The colonists would run to study it and oh boy did they study the hell out of it. They studied so hard they died from starvation or exhaustion. After the colonist's untimely demise the next would run over to study it on top of body of his fallen comrade. This happened until my colony was wiped out. Yes I had over 8 colonists and all died in a glorious pile in front of the artifact.With Alpha 0.50 I find the colonists actually building things. Except doors to rooms with their fellow colonists trapped inside. For those that haven't played when you create a room it has no doors built in and the person who built it gets trapped inside. I thought my other colonists would go to the rescue but instead they roamed the land outside the colony searching.... searching for what I do not know. Then they would suddenly stop and stare at a tree, rock, windmill, solar panel, or just stand infront of their recently dropped colony ship thing. Yup new colonists would land and just stay in front of their ship. I had about 5 guys next to each other in front of their ship. The colonists must have messed up bad on earth because all I can think of is the earth being run by really smart people: ""You have an IQ of 20! Well we so happen to have am OUTERSPACE mission for you! Can you say OUTERSPACE?"" ""Otterspace!"" ""Yeah close enough, off you go.""I would recommend this game to any who feel like get frustrated at colonists who are anything but the chosen few to expand our foothold in the galaxy. I will say the concept and what the creators are trying to do is really good but the game has a long way to go before it can get out of alpha into beta and even more before it can be released as a game."
76561198067605097,Recommended,252250,25999515,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,UNACCEPTABLE,"I like the slow pace and didn't expect the scientific approach at first.Don't buy it yet if you're going to complain about not having ""enough content""it's still a nice sunday afternoon game right now but really getting there.Developer is activally busy making this game go 1.0"
76561197994997049,Not Recommended,252250,15556881,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,rudders,"Like buidling things? Want to be a martian god? Don't like pulling your own hair out?If you answered yes to any of these you will need to skip this game. Take your money elsewhere, maybe even donate it to your local space program, as that will get you closer to space than this 'game' ever will.Not really sure what the point of this game is. You mine rock, hap-hazardly make a room, fill it with things that never get built. Then watch the cat walk around. Come back an hour later, cat hasnt moved, you wonder if its dead. Could go on for ages writing why you shouldnt buy this product, but wouldnt it be funny if I spent more time writing a review on this game that actually playing it? What a trip. Seriously, dont buy it."
76561198118427437,Not Recommended,252250,12011458,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Phouse87,"The premise is good - build a colony on an uncolonised planet and ensure survival.The problem is, there are a number of problems.Updates come once in a blue moon (pun intended).The GUI is clunky, basic and badly explained.Most items in the game appear to be ""unbuildable"" - i.e. you can place the blueprint but your colonists will never build them, even if there is nothing else to do. The only way to build them is using the ""cheat"" mode.Colonists randomly get stuck in walls / thin air.Full release is lightyears away (another pun intended).Give it a year or two and it may be a different game, at the moment on the rare occasion I play after an update, I'm still disappointed."
,Recommended,252250,7930947,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Spooky-Bear,"Yes, this game is still well in its early development stage; but the potential is there it just needs some work doing to it and this could have the potnetial to be a great game! Right now, if you don't mind the crashes and the bugs, it is a game I would high recommend."
76561198067134213,Recommended,252250,8621732,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,renagademax,"This is a great little game with loads of potential! it a little buggy in places but its comforting to see that most of these are already loged or being delt with already. I would like to see more purpose to the rooms and resorses ie the minng rocks to build, stored in storroom, need a workshop to build, reasearch lab alows building new things/reasearch. maybe a more in depth torutorial? suggestions aside i found this a really addictive game just to try and im looking forward to seeing where it goes next.Thanks Simon!!"
76561197998222643,Recommended,252250,8848402,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,FURIOUS D,"Blilliant concept, looking forward to future updates. It does crash to desktop a fair bit but it is very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,252250,10840292,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[Tech] Nogohoho,"I got Maia during the summer sale, and I have to say, I'm not liking it. There's a real lack of information to figure out where your people need help, or why they're not completing tasks. People constantly get stuck in doors, or rapidly switching between sleeping and standing, forever useless and blocking important rest spots for others. Unfortunately there isn't much fun to be had as it stands."
76561198003694300,Recommended,252250,10972337,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mick,"A interesting game, considering past interest I've had in some of the game who's system of play have inspired the system for this one. I can see ""Dungeon-Keeper"" and ""Evil-Genius'"" trade mark right there and perhaps the ""The Sims"" as well.I've only managed to get as far as  sussesfully adding a Workshop room with two of three Work-Desks and Two Working Lights before the Robot who digs the rooms out just froze and then started to move around in small circles depsite being given orders to dig out another room. It's the only thing in this game that can do this. Apart from retreive the rocks, rubble and other detrius from where he deposited after digging. Not much else could be done beyond this.According to what I had been intructed to do in order to continue playing the game. I had to build a work shop with a desk and a light. 3 by 3 squares is the mnimum size requirement. For starters.Thw rokshop is need to be built first before anything else can be done.In previous gaming session, I had tried to make bigger rooms and had marked out acouple of them to be cleared as well as trying to furnish the other rooms as well  as outside. This was mistake. Evryhting should be done slowly and sectiojn by section or else pople start dying (Aphyxiation or Mal-nourishment.)and they need to be replaced and the robot just stops moving. Refusing to do anything. On two occsions, he got caught between the wall where it had been digging and the wall of the room that had been built by the human working on top of him. So, I need to be careful to let the robot do what it can first before the humans  perform their duties.I think this needs to be addressed.I might add a video later.Looking forward to the finished product."
76561197968763579,Recommended,252250,11208804,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Noromier,So far this game seems to be on track to something fun. For my time playing it does need some better AI for the colonists as far as task priotization and execution. A little more guidance on what all the player has at thier disposal and what things do would also be good. I know its still in alpha so I didn't expect much from it but it certainly has a lot of potential so far. Looking forward to how this game turns out! Take care!
76561198059404769,Recommended,252250,8761345,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,rrichard0002,"This game has a lot of potential but, due to horrible lag and clunky interface, it is completely non-playable right now (in my opinion). I really like the idea and have been waiting for a new game of this type for long time.  Models are cool. Can't wait for sandbox. Please don't quit, this is going to be awesome!"
,Recommended,252250,7954447,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,2ndhorseman,This game is very early in development but I see a lot of potential.  It reminds me of Dungeon keeper and if they can include more aspects from DK they will have a good game on their hands.  I also hope there will be support for multiplayer coop/versus.
76561197965396869,Recommended,252250,11330832,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Macdallan,"Well, this needs a lot of work but it isn't done yet.  I say they need to do a lot with the interface and gui to make the game a lot easier to navigate which would alleviate some of the issues with the game being in such an early stage of development.  The groundwork for a very cool game is there though, hope it works out."
,Recommended,252250,12008809,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,JimWilko,"it is a good game, some good graphics and gameplay but it needs major updates ASAP.Iv found a few bugs with the game,your colonists just die of fatigue even tho you have beds and couches,your colonists stop working, they wont build anything or researchalarms go off (i think its for atmosphire) even tho every room has an atmosphire generator's,and crashes omg the crashes are BAD!!!!.All in all it will be a great game when its finished"
76561197998761845,Recommended,252250,8749388,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Spectre,"I feel like I would love this game if I had any idea what I was really doing. The short (but very humorous) tutorial tells you how to move the camera and how to place rooms and not much else when there are certainly more things to be explained. For example the game said it was toxic and dangerous outside and so I just assumed I couldnt go outside until I unlocked something but after an embarrisingly quick death I couldnt figure out what I did wrong but the next time I played I was told to just put something outside (by an external source) and what do you know, they have SUITS! would have been nice to know. I built at least one of each type of building but couldnt figure out what any of them did. They said I needed a workbench but after I managed to build one I had no idea what it did and I only figured out what that robot did by watching that video.Long story short : Cool idea but PLEASE make the tutorial more indepth!"
76561198049752828,Recommended,252250,22895130,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,hamish,"Great game! good to see constant updates coming out for it, Quite a learning curve, but once you master that, its great! Dont want to give to many spoilers! but get it while its on special and drop in, into a game!"
,Not Recommended,252250,11928735,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sworn,"Should not be on the market yet, It has had very little progress and is not really in a state to be playable."
76561198142409902,Not Recommended,252250,11912930,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Corgisaur,"I know this is merely in alpha, but it should at least be able to load.  When it isn't busy crashing, the game is too laggy to play.  At this stage of its development, it is in no way ready to be purchased."
76561198012155387,Not Recommended,252250,11983617,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,rdd94,i wasted $20 on this. It wont even play for me. It just crashes as soon as i try to start it up.
,Not Recommended,252250,10888379,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Brownfists,"What can I tell you about Maia? I can tell you that it has sat on my wishlist for quite some time before I bought it during the sale. I have watched with some interest as the game has developed. Having now, albeit briefly, played it for myself I can say that - in it's current state I cannot in any good conscience recommend this to my friends in its current state.That's not to say that Maia hasn't got potential, it certainly has. But the fulfilment of that potential is a long, long way off.The most glaring shortfall here is the staggeringly poor optimisation. All early access excuses aside, this is a game that is charging almost £20 to get players to poke around at what is currently available - the scope of which is very limited, and in my opinion, not especially fun either - for that money I would have expected that the game engine would be in some sort of state that was reasonably optimised for the very broad range of system builds that comes from PC customers. Whilst the game is not unplayable, it's always irksome when a system that vastly exceeds the recommended spec splutters along at 12 frames per second, like some elderly man with a cold.The second issue I had was with the minimalist UI. This is subjective and some people will like it, but for whatever it's worth, I didn't. Having to blindly cycle through construction options using 1-9 and B and V felt unintuitive and was something I can't ever see myself getting used to. That being said, I liked the way I could place items pretty much wherever the hell I wanted in a room, that felt smooth and comfortable to get along with.Another thing that struck me was the very sparce tutorial. Alright, alright, so it's not rocket science this and for the majority of people, there isn't much that is going to need explaining, you can figure stuff out just by playing around with the game, plus it's an alpha, I have yet to see a game in it's alpha state that has a fully fleshed out tutorial. Nonetheless, I feel that the areas covered by the tutorial were hastily put together, and not especially informative.Whilst i'm on the subject of tutorials, the dialogue. Being British myself, I 'get' that whoever wrote the tutorial was attempting  to create the lofty humour of a smug, arrogant ai. However. At the early stages of the game, it's a bit jarring, and doesn't lend itself well to imparting knowledge. Those of you who played Frozen Synapse may remember the tutorial and it's deeply condescending dialogue. That worked for two reasons: 1. It was offset by a more pleasant dialogue as a counter and 2. It was voice acted so it felt like a infinitesimally intelligent ai and not, in the case of Maia, simply the developers quietly sneering at it's customers. In this instance it comes across as not only churlish, and dare I say, a little rude, but also because of it's delivery, entirely misses the target of being funny.Another bone of contention was that there was no feedback to see what was being worked on. Not being one to build one thing at a time, I slapped down a load of stuff and waited. It was hard to tell whether people were working on something, or just running around like lunatics. Another thing is that I had very little feedback on what it was that my colonists needs were at any given time, it would be nice to be able to see a general overview of that at a glance.Maia might be a good game one day if it's devs stick to the plan and don't get too lost in the woods on the way, but it's a long was off that chequered flag, and at this juncture there really is no guarantees that it will be good in the end. My enthusiasm has certainly been significantly dowsed by playing the game in it's current state, and I have to say, I regret paying the money, but you never know, maybe i'll have gotten a good deal in the long run, only time will tell at this point. Only really worth investing if you really have an overwhelming desire to support the developer or have an incredibly optimistic disposition. Elsewise, wait and see.TL;DR --- One for management/stategy fans to stick on their wishlist and check in on every so often."
,Not Recommended,252250,10853811,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,"For an early release I understand that not everything is in place but this game lacks a lot of basic functions. Like explainations of what to do, (How to do it). Better options to set graphics and key bindings. It has promise but unti it happens I have to vote it down. I will revisit it at a later time."
76561198007253285,Not Recommended,252250,11610002,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,tc28721,Im not trying to be mean but ive notgot this game to work from the first!Dont get me wrong id play it if they could show me they really got it to work but ill just chalk it up to money lost but i wont trust them agian!steam please look into this game ok?
76561198007302075,Not Recommended,252250,10849666,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,elmiha,"Even after considering the fact that game is merely finished,it is still almost unplayable on Mac..."
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,252250,19083694,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Layla,"this game has potential, the only problem is really is its very limited, updates are slow, and its just meh, the game has many bugs, missing robots and bad ai, graphic glitches and no guide just a few words of text, people continuously starve and the robot gets stuck which means no materials and cant get any more robots, i would sersiously wait to purchase this title."
76561198009782895,Not Recommended,252250,15987544,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,GabberDoesLinux,"early access for ages, still runs terrible.Idea would be nice, but that's not worth spending money on."
76561198037146875,Not Recommended,252250,16818439,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ScLobo,"Maia is a let down at this point, not because of bugs but mainly due to the obtuse UI. I hope it the kinks get ironed out but at this point it looks unlikely. Will revisit in a couple more months."
76561197960888767,Not Recommended,252250,15742601,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Namessar,"I purchased this game in December 2013. After a few sessions of play, I had seen that the game was in a very very very early alpha stage, had uninstalled it and forgot about it. With the 0.48 update, I came back to check what has improved. Well, after 1.5 years, this game is still looks like a  very early alpha and not even close to a beta status. It still has a lot of potential, but at the moment it only has that potential and nothing else. If you want to support it, buy it. Otherwise, you should wait a bit more. I do not recommend it in its current state."
76561198012151525,Not Recommended,252250,16001339,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Aprion,this thing has been out for quite some time now. and absolutely no real progress is being made. don't bother with it until the full release comes. if it ever does.
76561197993840371,Not Recommended,252250,16799411,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Irk,"It feels like very little has been added or improved since I bought into this game over a year ago. Maia seems to have a lot of potential, but I'm forced to question whether that potential will ever be realized."
76561198106160971,Not Recommended,252250,16963115,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,tcgarden12,"This is my first reveiw ever, and I only write this because I want to warn people.  First off, I have a Mac.  I know, hail PC master race, I'm not worthy and all that, yada yada...  If you have a PC, my complaints probably aren't for you.  For Mac users, here's your warning.The fact is, this game said it was Mac compatible, so I spent my 15 or 20 dollars thinking it would be, you know, Mac compatible.  Well, a year later, I still have never gotten to play the game (unless you count one time it actually started and ran at about .5 fps. for a few minutes before crashing.)  I have patiently waited for this dev team to fix whatever bugs have been preventing this game from running or even starting on my Mac that meets every system requirement I've seen.  And here I am still waiting, with no results to show for it.  Yes, this is an early access game, so bugs are expected.  But this has been an early access game for 3 years.  I think that is a long time for any game to be early access, and its plenty of time to fix bugs that make it impossible for customers to even start the game.So please, save your money and move on.-100/10"
,Not Recommended,252250,16279091,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,lexxingt0n,"I like the general idea of the game and if it actually functioned the way it is intended to, I would enjoy it. However, after several tries on several development stages, so far it has disappointed me. Not being able to *directly* influence what game units do is only fun if game units do sensible things by themselves.Settlers not sleeping, because they have no beds is hilarious. Settlers not building beds (or anything for that matter) because they prefer to write hilarious letters is unsettling. Settlers not sleeping even though they have beds is frankly just annoying.I will happily play again and continue to give this game more chances since it is still in development."
76561197976566906,Recommended,252250,25873146,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Laser Buffalo,"The game needs a lot of work. Gets very frustrating very quickly. Colonist do not build what you tell them to build, then complain about not having the thing you told them to build, then die. I had one put on his suit, then just stand in the airlock until he died."
76561198167657676,Recommended,252250,30219666,Posted: 27 February,all,lawler9202,"first off there is alot of issues with this game;AI not knowing what to do,frame rate dies randomly,there is alot of potention with the game and are regular updates remindes me of evil geniues.one day mybe a great game but for now is annoying as hell to play!!!"
76561198038645743,Recommended,252250,25696147,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,chaos serpant,has major programing and ai work left to fix  good concepts waiting for updates before i play again
76561197982298369,Recommended,252250,15229682,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DJTITAN,keeps crashing on me i have a macbook pro retina
,Not Recommended,252250,9815474,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,句卂קק乇尺乃乇卂丂ㄒ,"MAIA, possibly the worst simulation game across all simulation games, to describe MAIA simply, it is a $25 cash grab, no effort from the developers, no effort from the creator and no effort to improve the game at all, controls are terrible and just clunky in general, not to mention how hardcore this game is, hardcore games can be fun but MAIA is just so hardcore to the point where it can't even be considered ""fun"" anymore, I can't recommend this game to anyone, want a proper simulation game? There's a game series called ""Sid Meier's Civilization"", you should go check it out."
76561198009628157,Not Recommended,252250,14464084,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Qwerty,"As of recent patches the game no longer works on my machine. It did for a short while, but it seems to accuse me of graphics driver problems which I do not have. The point is that even though this is early access you are taking a risk with buying this game especially at this price. The developer should not be charging to this degree until he gets his♥♥♥♥♥♥sorted out. I don't normally give early access games the thumbs down, but it is deserved in this case."
76561198086882386,Not Recommended,252250,12492197,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Satans Cahones,"Bought this game a while ago, like the market sale spiel, space versionof dungeon keeper, but with colonists, and a robot instead of imps. Oh and space chickens. Well I have played this twice and the game needs much more development. The tutorial is lax and needs more input, maybe hints of what to build first liek...oh I dont know and atmosphere generator (Will come back to this point). It took a few goes before I figured out that the robot is accessible, you dont click on it. you click on rock formations and he digs bits of the rock face out and you can then build your colony. No tutorial on how to use him though. Colonists are unuseable, they do what they want to do.I have played this a number of times and each time my colonists died of asphyxiation. Every time, even when I build atmosphere generators. This game is currently a no go without a decent tutorial. Its not a game per sae currently, its really a large project in futility and how to kill space colonists off the quickest.Thumbs down, I bought this knowing it was an early access game and they are stillworking on it, but this ... is embarrassing, It does not hold a candle to Dungeon Keeper. And yes my hours played looks low. Trust me if you have a Vista or earlier made computer this game will crash badly. My hours are lower than what it says above, its included crashes and time i tried tofigure out how to fix it.In my humble opinion, wait 6 months then have a look at reviews on here. See if some of the issues have been fixed but there are better things to waste money on than this. Free to plays are plentiful, this kind of half made game is far to commomn on Steam. They need to look at these and decide whats worth keeping on steam and what needs to be taken off and developed a bit more.Ok rant over 2/10"
,Recommended,252250,25496898,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Smedlorificus,Fantastically deep and detailed.
,Not Recommended,252250,12496230,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Alael,- Slow update- Bug Ridden- Very little to dohad some potetial at the begining but the lack of update and bug fixes has ruined the game.
,Not Recommended,252250,12405567,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Manako25,"Looks like an interesting game thats taking shape... so long as you own a PC.  BUT MACBOOK USERS BEWEARE!!!! I also own a Macbook Pro Retina (late 2013), i7, game does not work on machines with integrated graphics cards."
76561198091084520,Not Recommended,252250,11695755,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Officer_Jenkins,Havent seen an update in forever and its a broken game....... 0/10 waste of money
,Not Recommended,252250,7979038,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,tkd99,DONT BUY ITdoesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work.No tech support to help you.Others with same problemCrashes after startup.
76561198040141111,Recommended,252250,21035654,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,the blackfish,"A great base building game that is being improved constantly with every update. The future possibility of this game is imense. It is good to keep in mind that the game is in early devolpment and still has some issues but, it is constatnly being improved."
,Not Recommended,252250,31310671,Posted: 22 April,all,Anarelion,"I bought Maia long time ago (Dec '13), I thought it was a very promising game, the gameplay looked good, complexity check, love for base building games check. But as soon as I started, the UI was not there to help you, it was there to confuse you. I guess that the developers want the feel of a terminal. For example, when you are trying to build something, having to iterate over the options just in case there is something new is just wrong.After many many versions (more than 3 years). I tried the game again. Same horrible UX. Interfaces are meant to help the user, make it intuitive and a pleasure to play. Having to train my reflexes to browse the choice of items to build in a room till I find the one that I want is just bad.That is just an example. But there are others. All of them cry for the need of a UX specialist. Please, please please, hire someone that can understand usability."
76561197989117028,Recommended,252250,13144726,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,slashvalintino,"Bare in mind this game is extremly early access, and as such it has its problems. However if you remember that this game is truely amazing."
76561198090307795,Not Recommended,252250,7954558,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,maxman1128,i wasted my money buying this game and it wont even ♥♥♥♥ing start
,Not Recommended,252250,10118769,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,El Stigo,"I have withheld judgement for a few months now as I waited for updates to arrive (I got this as soon as it hit Steam).This is barely a game, more of pre-alpha engine test, updates and developer communication is awful.Do not expect this to be anywhere near ready for over a year at least.I'm not wasting anymore of my time on this game, or this review."
76561198071916944,Recommended,252250,21588575,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Johnny_Manchego,"It could use a lot of work, but it's still alpha. I'm excited for it to be finished"
76561198044389473,Not Recommended,252250,13352509,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,WeirdRavioli,Someone let me know when this game is playable..Last update helped a little but still slow.
76561198011483539,Recommended,252250,17651874,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,Solid controls and gameplay a bit tedious and mildly rewarding... good time killer.
,Not Recommended,252250,28926475,Posted: 1 January,all,Spork Dude,"I haven't played much but this game is pretty much unplayable for me. Super-low framerates on my high-end machine, laggy cursor movement, and the UI is just horrible, ugly and hard to use. Perhaps the gameplay is good but I can't even get that far."
,Recommended,252250,8808074,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Deuuuuzzzz,"Still early but i am looking forward to this game so much. Very exited to see the development and it looks great so far!Edit:1 year since my last ""review"". I enjoy the updates that trickle in, as i understand the dev is pretty much alone making this game, and i really hope it will be a playable reality some day. I payed a few bucks for it and i would do it again, even if it is still pretty much unplayable.Buy it if you want to give this game a possibility at life (back it), but do not buy it if you expect a finished game you can play. Even IF you buy it, realize that there is a chance it will never ever get finished.Fingers chrossed, looks good to me :)"
,Recommended,252250,8433988,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dr Bright,what I have played so far of Maia is great fun...support this game...it deserves it.
,Not Recommended,252250,12371323,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Eval,"Get idea but alas Still has a long way too go. 0.45The first 5 minutes play really well then the AI starts to nothing and the Lag monster comes out its cave, Starving AI right next too full crate of food.The look and feel of the game play post crazyness is some what pleasing and its still early days, So here's hoping that the fixs start sort out stuff and not adding stuff"
,Recommended,252250,7937491,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ForeChan,Mac Book Pro
76561198030802668,Not Recommended,252250,13456175,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ZZ,"As of the latest update (0.46) the game remains nearly unplayable. Poor AI, next to no interface and lack of interactive options with various objects."
,Recommended,252250,26039480,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gabeux,"Game has been in development for a long time, but the dev's commitment and determination is a beautiful thing to see.Most other people would have given up and ran away crying by now.Maia is an interesting colony building/management sim where everyone can die horribly and Fun happens in many ways.It's definitely a game to watch for, but be aware of the Early Access state."
76561198033685446,Not Recommended,252250,18667262,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,mro66,"Does not work.Viewing just a black screen and some text and sound, no cursor."
,Not Recommended,252250,18753457,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gianni,"This game simply doesn't work on Mac (Intel Core i7 2.2 GHz, 8GB Ram, AMD Radeon HD 6750M 512 MB)"
,Recommended,252250,26067699,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,pecisk,"Bought this game knowing it is in development. What I read about it appealed to me - especially simulation parts and hard sci-fi approach.First, good stuff - game is not finished, but it is playable and you can certainly mock around interesting parts of running explorer's base. Atmosphere is gloomy but not overbearing, As sound production geek I love work done on sound. Loving sim parts of the game, also that author explains work behind features. While I have issues with interface - down with bad stuff - they are certainly mendable. I can recommend game for sci-fi fans easily, especially if you pick it up during sale. Worthy to follow development.Bad stuff - I have performance issues with my Linux port, it feels clunky and FPS drops a lot. Still, it's Early Access, so I don't mind much about it. Now, interface can become seriously cluttered if there's too much stuff going on. Tutorial level needs more pauses and more explanation, I got my two explorers kiled with ease.In overall, very nice foundation to continue to improve. Will give tutorial another try to keep all them alive."
76561198071188507,Recommended,252250,25897599,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,royboy100,Pretty damn impressive game for only a single guy making the game. Keep up the good work simon roth and keep making wonderful games
76561198038082574,Not Recommended,252250,11047418,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,bigstig50,"Maia is not a unique game and many others before it have had a simular colony building gameplay like this. However unlike the others i was struck by only the flaws of this game which for me ruined the atmosphere it was trying to create. the games main issues i ran into while playing it was how poorly optimised it was, i spent $2000 on a computer well and truely capable of running crysis 3 on ultra with power to spare but with this the same computer had massive issue trying to keep the fps above 1 and therefore found it almost always unplayable. other issues i noticed was people not building objects or using them to stay alive. e.g they all died of exhaustion because they wouldn't go to bed. i didnt even get to have them die off from the aliens or lack of food, air and water.another annoying thing about this game is it launching command prompt to run its self, i was afraid i'ld have to write some coding to make it work.so my verdict is for those who are looking to buy this i say to not waste your money, the game in its current state is more dodgy than my spelling and gramma skills. i do see a future for this game but it has a tough future ahead of it to break its current state of yet another building game, and a little more work on having a story and fancier menu would be a minor improvement in a long list of issues.Verdict: Wait till its at least at version 1.0.0Rating: 3/10"
,Not Recommended,252250,12014518,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Inflamous,"I feel like this has been a misuse of the early access feature of Steam. The game shows promise, but it is simply not fit for sale, and the infrequency of updates does not give me hope that it ever will be.Neat concept with sharp humour, but should still be on the drawing board.[edit] Three years after my initial review, this game is still unplayable. Progress has been made, but not enough to make it worth buying."
,Recommended,252250,8624780,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,InfiniteWelshy,great game to play i believe it will get better and it will be really good
76561198035676654,Not Recommended,252250,15552178,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kory68,"So it seems like a cool game, it the screenshots seemed to be how I would picture an ideal game of this type. I've been following Maia for a while but I've never bought an early release game and was hesitant to do so. I few weeks, maybe a month ago I bought Prison Architect, which is also an early release game and it was great, it seems complete even though they are still working on it. Then just a few days I decided to buy Maia, I believed for the price it would be fun to play and see how it would grow through updates.However I can't play. I installed in on my computer and when I start it up I get a little document which flashes and then shut downs, not even making it to the actual game. I reinstalled it, didnt work.  Changed around with the screen scenes and it didnt do anything. So I tried to install it on my cousins computer. I got so excited when the game launched, I got to what I guess was the loading screen before it faded white and said, ""Maia.exe has stopped working.""I dont believe both computers have issues, I would like to think it was simply an early release bug, but they are two different problems. So for now, I would not recommend this game until this is fixed. I do hope this can be fixed with a future update as I really would like to try out this game."
,Recommended,252250,26060069,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jag648 ᕳ´• Ꮂ •`ᕲ,Buggy sometimes but hopefully will become a good colony game.
,Recommended,252250,11838258,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Pink Floyd,"REASONS TO GET THIS GAME:1. Good Graphics2. Very few Glitches3. Fun, Unique And Different4. NICE COMMUNITY WITH GREAT DEV5. SMOOTH GAMEPLAY6. EASY ONCE USED TO IT7. EASY CONTROLS8. GREAT Potential =)8. AWESOME GAMETHING TO  IMPROVE ON (FOR DEV)1. Better tutorial2. Load Game at Start Menu (I know F9 is load, but many people, like me will think there is no save)3. NOTHING ELSE SO FAR XDEXTRA (DON'T READ IF U DON'T CARE, I KNOW I WOULDN'T XD)Awesome game, can rotate objects sorry, just didn't know how and tutorial is bad, and saves are F5, didn't known that either, probely cause didn't finish tutorial cause all the messages didn't come up, maybe a glitch but anyway, sorry for false info, BUT GAME IS EPIC AND RECOMMEND TO ALL  The DEV very nicely told me this info below, what a nice guy =), Thx broKeep up the good work and enjoy the rest of your day, <3 the Game =)STAY AWESOME ♥♥♥♥♥ES XD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,252250,16603448,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dr.Deetz,Great game with alot of potential.Reminds me of Startopia
,Recommended,252250,30166337,Posted: 25 February,all,LaurieYuken,"A tough nhut to crack, but well worth the effort. Needs a bit of tuning towards accessability I think!"
76561198059690097,Not Recommended,252250,11668768,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,1gamer13,"I do recomend this game, but wait for it to fix some of the exsisting bugs that makes the game unplayable. It needs to fix the preformance, AI, notification system, and other minor bugs/issues. I have an ASUS 760 graphics card that can play Assassin's Creed Black Flag at max settings with no problems, but this game makes me lag badly whenever something big happens! The AI will biuld a workbench, but nothing else which will cause them do eventualy die! Also, whenever a notification pops up, it stops the game instantly and makes you read it. I hope that they make an actual menu for biulding structures and objects instead of pressing the 1-9 keys and V & B keys! Also, they need to make it so that you don't need to completly dependent on a robot to dig out areas. This game does have a lot of problems now, but the bugs should be fixed in a few patches."
76561198000692758,Not Recommended,252250,11488096,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sharkbite86,"This game seems like it could have potential. However, the colinist AI is completely broken, (they tend to just walk in endless loops until everyone dies) which makes the game unplayable at the moment. Wait for this game to progress farther before buying as when it does work it can be fun."
,Not Recommended,252250,16351355,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CraigX,"This game started out ok but has now become garbage. I havent been able to play a stable game for the last four updates. It crashes, doesnt start and is in general buggy trash.The developer is a typical programmer that chases the feature creep rather than fixing his code.This software just pains me..."
76561197976767744,Recommended,252250,26109014,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,comlink,"This game should, someday, be great. Currently, the AI is so buggy it is hard to actually play, with colonists dying from starvation because they've managed to build a hydroponic carrot that somehow blocks the way out of the room, or a room with no doors, or simply standing in the airlock until they run out of air - I've had all of these happen. That said, updates happen, content is added, and the game is in such better shape now than a year ago that I feel comfortable giving a thumbs-up."
,Not Recommended,252250,10102461,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,dunenkoff,"Was so happy to see a Mac version for this, was equally disappointed with the nonexisting performance. Mac version is completely unplayable due to horribly low FPS, lag and stutter and no graphics settings to change. Custom graphics engine is not always a good option, it seems, especially when Unity3D and UE4 options exist."
76561198014470600,Recommended,252250,28441166,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Supernerd,"As much as I like this premise and hoped for improvement I cannot recommend this game even after the latest patches. The colonist AI is so bad they will allow themselves to die rather than taking care of themselves. With something so basic being broken is bad enough, but with the dev promoting working around the bad AI rather than actually acknowledging and working on the problem looks bad the the game at any stage.UPDATE: As of the release of version .60 the colonists are no longer out to kill themselves and actually take care of their basic needs for survival as long as what they need is available. With this, the game can actually be played and progress made in creating a base. While there are still signifigant problems, this marks a huge improvement and is actually in a playable condition and can recommend this game."
76561197976227590,Not Recommended,252250,7967991,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,phototime,"Well here it is years later and the game is still in alpha and unfinished. In my opinion the game is gone down hill. Buggy, crashes a lot, I had high hopes for this game. Early access should not mean forever in early access..OLD review below:Maia is still being developed so there is not much of a game there as yet. Early days for Maia. At this stage Maia cannot be really played, just looked at and wait for it to be created and updated. If you expect to download a 98% finnished game you maybe very upset. The game is at in my opinion at about 30% complete. There is not even a save game feature as yet. If you buy now you will be waiting to a possible mid next year to really say I can play this game now. I got in early because as the game is updated I can share my opinions on the update for better or worse. This way I can see the game being created and in a small way help it become better by giving feedback to the games creator on what has worked and what has not.    :)"
76561198000038755,Not Recommended,252250,15258542,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Chillingbear,"Buggy, people don't respond well. Needs a lot of improvement to even be considered a worthy game for your library."
,Not Recommended,252250,14539133,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sinanjuju,"I have tried and tried to like this game.  It shows tons of potential but so far, I haven't seen much development.  There are many bugs that still need to be fixed and the game released over a year ago.  The AI is dumb, the mechanics aren't there, and the overall experience feels more like a chore.  Every new ""update"" is new content it seems, with few bug fixes.  I understand early access but this game might as well still be pre-alpha.  It should be in closed bug testing still.  I had hopes this game would live up to its potential, maybe it's still too soon to tell but as of right now, it's falling short."
,Not Recommended,252250,11991130,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jerry The Oversized Whale,The game has a great premise but it's to early on to be 25.00 it is extremely overpriced for a small fraction of the game  for what it is right now it is not really that fun and you can't save so once you finish the colony you've been working for 3 hours then exit the game you have to restart i reccomend you get a proper full gamem
76561198006996766,Not Recommended,252250,15809798,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[SS Dumbfuck] Captain,"I knew about this game a pretty long time and bought it the moment it entered early access, but for a different reason than you may think. At the moment, I cant reccomend this if you want to actually play it. I bought this game exclusively because I was unable to back it on Kickstarter and wanted to support the developement and the concept. One day, this game will be an awesome Dungeon-Keeper-like, but If you dont want to just throw money at a concept stay away until further notice."
76561198011657297,Recommended,252250,35067883,Posted: 19 September,all,Scorpion,"1 man made game, its slowly getting a good game :)"
76561197972499865,Recommended,252250,12564463,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,I so want this to be a great game but atm too damn buggy to play.
76561198086660273,Recommended,252250,31660738,Posted: 10 May,all,Thasan,"okay, there have been a lot of negative reviews for this game recently so i kinda feel that i need to defend it a little bit.yes the UI is to be tweaked and easedyes there are lots of bugs (some can be worked around for now)yes there is not much to do once your colony is up and runningbut come on guys, this is a small crew working on a quite huge poroject (some patience is a must!). look on the details, look on a witty description of things and items ingame. this requires both time and quite a character. plus the dev is kinda sexy and funny and i like to follow his videos on youtube.early access game will always be a bit sketchy and some games move forwards slower than others. that's a risk we all take when we purchase EAG but there is no need going on a rampage about bugs and bad UI. just deliver them to the dev and wait patiently for them to bi fixed. EAG is all about being somewhat a tester of a game and helping devs to make it better.so STFU and go play some more hours of the game before commenting about how bad the game is. 1 hour gametime is only enough to kill all your colonists from a hypothermia, not to grasp the gist of the game. ;-)i would recomend the game but only to patient people who understand the hard work of a game development. for those who want a snappy product that works and don't have any bugs and for those with little or no patience....go play sims, it'll make you happy ;-)"
,Not Recommended,252250,19152064,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,The Sonderval,At this point in time the game is extremely buggy and lacking in features. A poor clone of other similar games
76561198013625229,Not Recommended,252250,20514888,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Durka,"I have owned this ""early access"" game for years (with an 's') and I am still waiting for something that resembles a marketable video game. Game ending bugs are everywhere."
76561197994385804,Not Recommended,252250,8604399,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,bountyfox,"Sold in a unplayable, unenjoyable state, nearly every gameplay feature missing as well as a large number of basic fuctions. very crude alpha.. I hope to see it fixed in later updates of the game but do not have high hopes."
,Not Recommended,252250,24283843,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,❋Guildam❋,One thing is for a game to be in Alpha or Beta state and whatever comes before those states it should be nicknamed Maia....
,Not Recommended,252250,30477659,Posted: 12 March,all,SnugglePilot,Doesn't appear to work on OSX - I can't move ahead in the tutorial (doesn't register my camera rotation as completed) and the art appears to be video-memory-glitching (can barely see any of the in-game elements). I tried turning down all of the settings but no-go.
76561198304573064,Not Recommended,252250,26148429,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Black Friday 222,The colonests dont react to your orders and simply die of after awhile
,Not Recommended,252250,9359278,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Tallios,"I like the premise of the game; however it still needs a lot of work done.  However the developer is actually working towards that.  So I have hope to change my review in the comming months.  However for now, no good."
76561197999975614,Not Recommended,252250,11889102,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,loofa face shit gibbion,alpha is alpha keeps crashing all the time
,Recommended,252250,7972830,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Army of Snails,"seems like it would be a fun game, but it keeps on crashing after like 5 minutes of me playing it"
76561198285688591,Not Recommended,252250,26079662,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Harbinger,"way too difficult to keep my guys alive, food runs out fast, tutorial was not much help, its hard to know whats wrong and how to fix it. its buggy as well when it comes to having the people build stuff."
76561198110012916,Not Recommended,252250,8851661,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,grimrist,"For a game which relys solely on cursor movement for gameplay to be launched, even in alpha, with no mouse sensitivity toggle, is downright criminal.the best thing about this game is that is showed me the STEAM customer serivce interface is atrocious (you need to create a SECOND, COMPLETELY different login from your STEAM account) and that I should be looking for my online content elsewhere.Honestly, I just want my money back."
76561198035016939,Not Recommended,252250,17621225,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,nhtat70,Great concept........but.......Crashes all the time.Not very smooth.Gameplay very clumsy.Maybe next time.
76561198008498079,Not Recommended,252250,26122825,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,wlambr,90 minutes that would have been better spent asleep.That such a bad idea can be so mishandled... This is so bad it will spill over into the next games they make and break them too.No recommended.
,Not Recommended,252250,11937217,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dedelo,"It will be GREAT game when it's finished, but now it's unplayableEDIT 14.02.2015: I feel like I have to edit this review. What to say... This game is still in early alpha but developers are really trying to improve this game. They added lot of new features (bugs as well) improved engine and their communication with fans is good (or above average).And now something negative. There is lot work to do. My opinion is that this game is still unplayable as it was (yes it is better but no too much). It has opportunity to be very good base-building game, but you have to wait for it.I will not change my recommendation right now, but I believe this game and I hope I will not be disappointedEDIT 23.01.2017: Developer is crying little b*tch who is doing nothing"
76561198080654928,Recommended,252250,8340593,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BroWindu66,"i bought this game and it loads for a long time then says there is a problem and exits out of it, when will that be fixed/ when will it the game be completed"
,Recommended,252250,27284484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luke Nukem [Linux Only],"I didn't manage to get much time on this game due to study taking priority, but from the miniscle amount of time I did get I can say this; it's fun!The game is a simulation of sorts of trying to colonise an inhospitable planet. There are many dangers present, such as colonist incompetence, your own incompetence (yep! My first play and everyone died of hypothermia), planetary dangers (earthquakes), equipment failures, solar flares/radiation. A bit like a Sim-something game, scaled down and focused on the premise of colonising - well okay, similar in scope to ""The Sims"", but Mars!Colonists all have their own personalities and skillsets, and as such are more/less suited for particular tasks. Getting a random song or poem from one is a charming touch.It is a very interesting game, and one that is gaining more depth and complexity as time goes on. It may be early-access alpha level, but the game already has more than enough in it to entertain for hours; I can see myself getting lost in it easily.The developer is incredibly active, both on social media, as well as posting a game changelog on their website and in the games news section on Steam. Seriously, check out the news section! They are very passionate about their game, and this shows heavily in playing it.If you like the idea or premise behind ""The Sims"" but didn't like the mundane setting of it, maybe this will tickle your fancy?Oh and did I mention it has humour?"
76561198032188875,Not Recommended,252250,11902556,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,stevealafogg,this game is very boring and hard to play its not very clear how to play at all it makes no sence at all the tutorial is really terrible i do not recomend this game i think it needs to remade from the ground up
,Not Recommended,252250,12066850,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Iwalleh,Cant even get it to start on my computer. I know it is't my computer.
,Not Recommended,252250,14423562,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dragst,"Had it very long for now, and it's still broken, uninteresting and the UI is still barely there. I wonder where the money went, and why these types of games seem to fail on EA as a rule."
76561198091937424,Not Recommended,252250,14410485,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Subterfusilier,"Having played this Early Access intermittently over the last few months, it's not looking good.Although the core concept and some of the primitive mechanics look interesting, the gameplay entirely relies 'Sims-style' on your queuing tasks that your little minions then carry out - with a completely non-functional AI the game is basically unplayable (we're talking humans randomly running out of airlocks and quickly dying, service robots that frequently drop jobs or get stuck in odd places, and every individual item having to be workshopped and deployed by your little accident-prone colonists). Combine this with spontaneous earthquake-style events damaging critical machinery like airlocks and life support, some of which are unfixable, and you've got yourself a dealbreaker.Did I mention the appalling framerate and frequent CTDs? I'm running a pretty competitive desktop rig, and being told to ""check my drivers"" in bugthreads over and over again is just getting silly.Most of the releases over the past year (we're STILL in alpha remember) seem to have been cosmetic alterations rather than serious attempts to repair the underlying gameplay problems, there have been no updates in over two months, and the Dev appears to have over-reached their funding pool in Steam."
76561198006527747,Not Recommended,252250,14457871,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nutrodamus,I played for 17 minutes over a 3 day timespan a while ago.  Still quite painful.  It does have a TON of potential.  Hope they keep moving forward.
,Not Recommended,252250,7915711,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,DerLord,"This is not a game. At least not the kind of game you want to pay for.It's more like Technical Alpha version.It is impossible to do absolutely nothing.If you think you can play even in the most primitive sandbox - you are mistaken. All you can do - look at the little room and the landscape. No presence in the game - from the simple observation.How Steam missed it, but still allowed to take money for it - remains a mystery.Это не игра. По крайней мере не та игра, за которую следует платить.Это больше походит на Техническую Альфа версию.В ней нельзя делать абсолютно НИЧЕГО.Если вы думаете, что сможете поиграть хотя бы в самую примитивную песочницу - вы заблуждаетесь. Всё, что Вы сможете сделать - посмотреть на комнатки и ладшафт. Никакого присутствия в игре - простое наблюдение со стороны.Как стим пропустил это, да еще и разрешил брать за это деньги - остается загадкой."
76561197965049520,Not Recommended,252250,24725750,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Doggfather Oli,Even after so many years out it is still full of bugs and unplayable. Has so much potential though.
76561198080924651,Not Recommended,252250,8255525,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,kristoffon,"From the sales blurb: ""The current sandbox build (0.38) allows a basic level of colony building, colonist interaction and base simulation""That is all bullpoop, the game is completely and utterly unplayable right now. In fact it doesn't even deserve being called a game, nothing works, you can build a few different rooms which don't work, then watch the robot get stuck and not dig what you tell him and the colonists run around like headless chickens and do nothing.I hope this will someday become a good game but right now there is absolutely nothing in it. I only wasted my time trying to figure out what I was doing wrong but turns out you can't do anything right because there is no ""right""."
76561198004150051,Not Recommended,252250,8186275,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Double_Hertz,"VERY BUGGY. Even though this game is in alpha, it is below acceptable quality for any game. There dosen't appear to be any function to delete objects that you have already placed. It crashes whenever I play it, even though I have a computer that can play ArmA II smoothly on full graphics."
,Recommended,252250,7915886,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Maia is basically one of many atempts to juice up an old concept. Throughout teh years many games about colony survival hit the games market and only a couple gained a place in our memories. e.g. Outpost, Space Colony, Startopia. But, most of those games are lost in the vast endless space of cybernet.So, how able is Maia in obtaining a place amongst our memory?At this point, it's a buy and forget game. Not because of the way it looks, it's probably one the best looking colony survival games out there, but because of the way it tries to create an atmosphere.I don't know exactly why, but something is missing.. The feeling of survival. Why should I build s**t if I don't care. Why should I research things if I don't see the point in doing so.This is probably because of the lack of any solid plot and future goal that keeps me interested.Yea, sure, my goal is to survive. Yea, whatever, I'm playing a game, I want some glittering prices along the way and some motivation to do some crazy things. I'm playing a game to escape the dull side of reality, so please, don't show me my daily struggle.In other words, we need a good Visual Novel style content / plot / story. We need interesting characters and social dillema's.If Maia is able to provide us with those things in the near future, well, in that case we might have ourselves a winner.But, as long as it stays the way it is (Bugs not taken into account) it's a dull experience.My final verdict, which might sound strange, is ""Yes""not bad, actually pretty good, because it shows good potential.On the other hand, I won't hesitate to put out a huge ""NO"" if the developers don't change the ""Living"" part of the game. The social interaction, story and story driven motivation."
76561198048587918,Recommended,252250,8661037,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Skorpio - FWI,Maia is a brilliant new entry in the Crash-To-Desktop simulation genre.
,Recommended,252250,14163750,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Spongy Monkey,"windows 64 bit, i7, 16gb ram, 7990, ssd. Won't even load. Reminds me to go sit on a bench in a park & read a book!"
76561198036164983,Recommended,252250,26371379,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,nickandjess2008,"This has been an early access game for a LONG time now, with updates somewhat few and far away from each other.  I had REALLY high hopes for this game, but, as is, it doesn't meet my expectations-which are pretty low to begin with.  As is, this game is impossible to play and by play, I mean maintain a colony for more than half an hour.  I'm only giving it a good review because I think that they will make it better over time and I'm being optimistic when I say that.  A lot of the ""updates"" do very little to improve the playability of the game, they're more like bug fixes instead of improvements to the game.  If you are thinking of getting it, I would wait untill it's out of early access or if it goes on sale for REALLY cheap. It has the potential to be a GREAT game, I'm still waiting for that though....Hopefully, it will be sooner, rather than later..."
76561198104377514,Not Recommended,252250,14668931,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,XanAlpha,"Has great potential but is currently verry poor. Recomendations to make it better:1. time spedd controller(can make the game go faster or slower or pause it but still have the ability to make commands)2. more helpfull tutorial3. a box in the corner that shows the input(collect),output(use),storage(current suply),maxstorage(maximum suply) for electrisity, food, water, minerals, est.4. a box in the corner that shows the number of colonists, the number of livestock, the number of pets, avrage health of colonists, any health/suply problems, est.5. a means of giving jobs to colonists(not complete control, just what they should focus on) so as to be able to prioritise which tasks the colony needs done.6. a web or tech tree under 'help' that shows what does what and how they interact.7. a way to upgrade rooms and objects to make them more efishent and thougher against problems such as wather, quakes, and wildlife."
76561197983416910,Not Recommended,252250,19216485,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Damaharus,"To many bugs and glitches,"
76561198048074968,Not Recommended,252250,19651919,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ohotNik,"2 years and yet alpha....today tried to play again - 5 mins and game freezed - everithins works, oxygen produces, but... no motion for people! they idle!a lot of resources, a lot of projects, but they ""look at the sky"" outdoors.waste of time and money."
76561197972067048,Not Recommended,252250,9410650,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,[={cXn}=] Gemlock,So far it reminds me of Dungeon Keeper in space. Main problem is the mouse control which is VERY sensitive.
76561198012823553,Not Recommended,252250,20566326,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cordyceps,"Very short, very easy, very buggy, with little of interest to do."
76561197995318320,Not Recommended,252250,16421011,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ghostwish,Game is an unfinished and unpolished alpha.
76561198157325416,Recommended,252250,26471346,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,roger_morningstar,i love the concept and some of the parts game. but the ai right now has improved but it still bad and there are some parts of the game that i wold like to be there right now but that aren't.*building things 5 or more thing tacks to long and is more difficult than it should be.*the ai. you can control them but there not much you can do. i'm hoping that part of the game gets flesh out more. it's a great part.*wish there was more resource management options for the UI.*this game has a lot of promise and i love it.Build 0.58
76561197973630718,Not Recommended,252250,12683803,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Fuzzy Viking,Not a game in its current state. It can be called a testbed for unfinished code at best.
76561198012524009,Not Recommended,252250,7916673,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Pekkaen,"Sure its Pre Access but its not playable at all....AI is non responsive right after you do your first objective (build a workshop), after that they might build 2-3 things and just stand still and wont do anything else.I built a windmill for power, and they all ran outside without suits and died...Should have learned by now by not buying pre access games on steam......"
76561198057262033,Recommended,252250,21117918,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Quacks,breed chickens... BREED! MUAHAHA!
,Not Recommended,252250,19449025,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,laurent,Doesn't run anymore on OSX 10.9.5
,Not Recommended,252250,16963042,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,TehBastage,"Just don't.  Seriously.  Don't.""But TehB-""NO!  Just.  ♥♥♥♥ing.  Don't."
76561198157434834,Not Recommended,252250,26229591,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,seby_maryan26,I whant my money back....this game doesn't work.
76561198022340878,Not Recommended,252250,10355194,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Capt.1bloke,Would not even start. All i got was a blank screen!!! Linux Mint Cinnamon 17 64 bit and ati Radeon Graphics.  Understanably alpha and still in development but gee whiz. Not Happy!!
,Recommended,252250,7915630,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Alveck,While still in very early alpha it's shaping up to be an excellent game. Would recommed waiting for those who aren't up for dealing with the bugs that accompany a game so early but otherwise looking good.
76561198105029520,Recommended,252250,14081674,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Spartan.!.,"well i don't see any proof that the game creator will come back since i as almost ben a month since i said i will be back, but the only problem i can complain is the AI those little people as i call them, work for less than 5 min and thne the AI ♥♥♥♥s up, when thats fix i will say the game in a good way"
,Not Recommended,252250,20576956,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Vyse,"Dissapointed, this game had some pretty great potential and it has been ruined by buggs and what feels like a lack of development. I have had this in my game list for a while, wasting away..."
,Not Recommended,252250,17964739,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,darkrage000,"this game is unplayable. the framerates are astonishingly poor. Im running an Intel 8 core 3ghz, 16G ram, GTX750 2gig.  game acts like is on an old 486."
,Not Recommended,252250,18870744,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SassyPants,2 Years of early access....
76561198042892139,Recommended,252250,7916625,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,robwintrip,"this game is SO glitchy, i would say it doesnt really work yet.no opening menu screen, no real tutorial, no real mico-management.game crashes all the time, people walk through walls, and door are placed where theresno walls.i know its early development, so i am looking forward to seeing how it progresses."
76561197983567701,Recommended,252250,7919470,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Napalm and Silly Putty,"I can't realistically write a proper review for this game: it's just too early.The game engine seems mostly in place, and there's about 30-minutes' worth of content to test out (using the quick build key 'u'). Everything's very buggy; for me it crashes far too much.It's easy to see where the dev's going with this game. And personally, I can't wait to see how it unfolds."
,Not Recommended,252250,25498217,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,flameblade0,"This should be a brilliant game but it is not ready for early access - the majority of features in the game do not work properly, the controls are clumsy and the game frequently crashes. The interface is poorly responsive, queue management isn't there and colonists die before you can do anything about it.Very disappointing"
76561198014287378,Not Recommended,252250,8075671,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,stonesoft,not worth the buy at all.  very little game content is out this early in the beta.  i have never felt so ripped off buying a early access game.  but that being said it is a early access game and i am looking foreward to future content
,Not Recommended,252250,13028401,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Karronz,"I would recommend this game because the play through videos on youtube look great, However i dont get to play. Despite have a system above the minimum requirements, the game refuses to work.Now let me explain my issue. The game itself starts up just fine. I even get to the start up screen, however there is no mouse to be found. I can guess where the mouse is and get the game to launch, however the mouse still refuses to show. i have scowered the guides for similar issues without luck. I even sent an email to the dev and after about 15 emails back and forth, the devs replied with ""The latest build has some more code that might fix your problem or at least give us a clue about the issue."" and thats the last i have heard about it. even after trying to reply to that email. so in my book its wasted money."
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,252250,14288816,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,matty1monopoly,"I'm going to assume this game is dead. Parts of it seem unplayable or as if you will reach a point to where you can no longer progress. There haven't been any updates since November 2014 as of February 1st, 2015"
76561198007130809,Not Recommended,252250,21290814,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,mezalon1,"Game has potential but cannot play it, i can start a new game and play for about 15 minutes till it crashes to desktop, then i try and restart game and click continue and it crashed to destop so unable to continue game, I do not recomind at this time cause i cannot even play it long enough to enjoy it."
76561198040688676,Not Recommended,252250,20560161,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,M0nster8,Unstable piece of crap.  I have tried this game since it was first in alpha and now I finaly gave up on it ever getting better.  Ununstall.
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,252250,25161145,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Corwin86,"In the current state, is a game that is not playable!The bugs are many, the UI is difficult to understand and to use, the general design is flawed, the AI (also the simple things, like the colonist movements) is so poor that appear strange it was also worse!Maybe, they will solve these problem, because the game seems interesting.But, for now, it a project that make poor progress and struggle to improve."
76561198007271093,Not Recommended,252250,7930227,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sylander,"This is absolute crap.  It's completely unplayable.  Steam didn't make it clear that ""early access"" meant ""pre-alpha"" and ""unplayable"".  Still, even the bits that do work are horribly done.While loading a DOS window pops up... seriously?  It's 2013 dude.""poor"" connect to central command in game play is cover story for ""crap graphics and poor audio""All most allinteraction is done via 1990's style keyboard commands.The game looks NOTHING like the screenshots and screen navigation is impossible.$18 shot to hell. The steam No-Refunds policy sucks."
,Recommended,252250,28604553,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Perl,"For me, well worth the price. ☺"
76561198039186800,Not Recommended,252250,21489284,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,clarky245,im having trouble to get this game work. its says maia.exe has stop working
76561198001720884,Recommended,252250,27365943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HEartAttack,"saw this game at minecon orlando, and i really liked it and bought it as soon i could."
76561198002242191,Recommended,252250,25493180,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,LogicalDash,Your citizens have individual body temperatures affected by simulated airflow.GOTY
76561198018396423,Not Recommended,252250,12977061,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sureshot_14,"All i have to say is the Ai is broke and there is no game without it please fix so they just all dont die from being stupid.I would not recommend this to anyone right now because it is technically unplayable. Though i suggest checking back later, because i will change this when it is able to actually be played without major ai coding bugs."
,Not Recommended,252250,13008362,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ritsuka,"oh oh.. I'm going to say it ""Potential"", this game has potential, and at the 1 minor change coming out at a rate of once every 3 or more months, this is going to be an awesome game in 20 years.But in reality, don't buy this, it will entertain you for 5 minutes, then irritate you for the rest.Vaporware, here.. we... come!!"
76561198137103676,Not Recommended,252250,12691393,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Khlitt,looks like it will be a great game but saddly its not fully playable in its currnet state.
76561197978981761,Not Recommended,252250,11850960,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Kumbassa,So Alpha it hurts.
76561198039040694,Not Recommended,252250,13745142,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,kreia,ooooh did i get buyers remorse with this jeez alpha or not this is about as useful as a cat flap in an elephant houseUpdated review exacly a year has passed since my previous review as of now were on 5.1 yet unless you read the new board or listened thru all the new useless features bs you wouldn't know this game has had anything new still near same core issues still colonists starving to death next to food boxes the usual despite the devs promise to get rid of bugs now quite hypocritical hes now added 1st peron view of the imp robots!? Halfway thru EA and not even halfway playable
76561198117538769,Not Recommended,252250,15051863,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tsar Peter the Great,it just sucks
,Not Recommended,252250,26004661,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,MayDay1313,"So you're colonists can die within the first couple of minutes of the game and you don't even know why... The dev (only 1 I believe) creating this is an idiot. I listened to a podcast he did and while I agree, I don't want to be spoonfed every detail... you could at least give me a chance to figure out what's going on... The tutorial doesn't cover anything, just makes sarcastic remarks and shows basic keystrokes but doesn't explain what anything actually does. There is no pause button, meaning you can't hit pause and look at your base to find out what to do next. Especially important at the beginning of the game. So as of right now, the game is about starting a new game, failing within minutes, and restarting a new game. While I like the concept of starting over with more info to do a better job the second time I hardly even have time to find out what my mistakes were.Edit: The dev is a Genius/Idiot, and I am empathetic as I am similar. He has built something so complex with actual science behind each piece. An intimate knowledge of electricity is something i've seen so far. So the idiot part, the implementation, the part where you connect with real people. As I've said there is so much lacking here. For one a pause button, but after writing this I realized there is no save. Supposedly there is a quicksave and quickload but it doesn't work. So EVERY time you load the game you're looking at starting a new game. So back to the genius/idiot point. He's done so well in the implementation of certain points of the game, however other parts make it almost broken.I will continue to update this review untill it is comprehensive on the good/bad points of the game... (Written below, in under FINAL EDIT: I have stopped rewievewing this after I receieved a refund. I can't very well continue a review if I'm not able to test certain aspects of the game. The review will stay 'as is' and incomplete. Poetic? I think so, this game has been in early access for a long time now. As my last entry edit, which I wasn't going to mention, the dev admits to spending around a year working to make the game compatible with old graphics cards. This is why I can't find myself to remove the genius/idiot part of the review. You could possibly replace the 'idiot' comment with inexperience, however in the same podcast he mentions the old graphics cards he touts all the projects he's worked on. Being fully aware of what you are buying into with Early Access, I don't forsee my troubles being fixed anytime soon if ever. So there you have it, an incomplete review of an incomplete game. (See dice roll below))Plusses:+++ A genuine real life face for every colonist++ The plants have energy value in joules (Thank you Mr. Newton)Minuses:--- Everyone died in the ""TUTORIAL""...--- One mission ""Cassiopeia"" says you have 45 minutes until more colonists arrive, it's more like 3-5 minutesExplanation: Ok so on top of everything else the AI is messed up beyond reproach, the I.M.P. robots will rush to make a door when things like an 'atmosphere creator' is in need of building, or a space heater has been qued when everyone is freezing. They seem to make wind generators at a fair pace but still neglect other objects needed that an alarm is buzzing at you about. It comes down to timing. The 'game' doesn't give you enough time to correct any potential problems before colonists die from them. Say hypothermia. I put up the space heaters but no one is building them. If a colonist is dying of freezing you would think that would be a priority.The theme is based around not being spoon-fed answers by your user-interface. You get emails from the colonists asking what they want. The problem is by the time you read them they are dead from whatever it was they wrote about. I have no idea what the dev is thinking...Sorry, I wanted to like this but I wouldn't suggest buying even at half price...Final Edit: I ultimately asked for and receieved a refund for Maia, I'm leaving the review as it was at the time of refund. The only things I will add are that I was fully aware of the F5 and F9 save/load, they did not work. I was not aware of the space button to pause, though I don't think it would have helped. Perhaps my machine is running the game too fast for some reason because when I see videos the colonists and imps are moving about half the speed they moved when I played. Events and emails happened so fast I couldn't read them fast enough and often the event (say a meteor-strike or death by hypothermia) happened as I was reading the in game emails. I'd also like to say I don't think this is a cash grab like some other early acess title's. The dev seems very passionate about it and is hands on updating often. Since I receieved a refund this review will remain incomplete and unchanged from here on. Good luck to dev(s) and  good luck on the dice roll anyone takes when they buy it."
,Not Recommended,252250,18432550,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tottalnat,"DO NOT BUY. Can't trust early access games anymore, crashes everytime I open it, but before it used to work, and barely any updates. Crashed my computer 2 times and it needed to restart. This game is now dead. Wish I could get a refund."
76561198088732522,Not Recommended,252250,12752716,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,K2LU,"game is full of glitches!!!! robot gets stuck, people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. and not doing anything. you have no clue what it takes to build stuff. i had to restart / abort the game about 12 times or more.Idea is there, but who ever put this game together should be fired. i want my money back!!!!"
76561198075245195,Not Recommended,252250,14354462,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dunteon,ABANDONED PROJECT!
76561197989393819,Not Recommended,252250,13025823,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,LordBaka,Its not a game yet. More like engine test. I dotn recomend to buy this for now. Need like 1-2 years of development.
76561198028148235,Not Recommended,252250,21113903,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,jmtanzillo,Just did not care for it.
,Not Recommended,252250,8328367,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,iamagiantcat,not yet the game is very confusing and i cant figure anything out and it keeps crashing and opening it is painstakeing
76561198007277280,Not Recommended,252250,8305396,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lobos,In a word... terrible.
,Not Recommended,252250,22436054,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,The_Destroyer,"Awful. Do NOT buy this game as it is a waste of money. When i first loaded up, i lost almost immediately becaule whenever i built about twenty power generators and when i next checked them, about a minute later, they were ALL GONE."
76561198098571845,Not Recommended,252250,30005785,Posted: 18 February,all,[FR]sebopop,"First review ever.BUY THIS GAME!And give it to someone you hate!Unless you have always dreamed of managing a suicidal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ penitenciary on Mars!I bought this in 2013 and the dev still hasn't fixed the game-breaking thing: the colonists are hopelessly, utterlessly dumb.They will build a room and no one will build the door so they die of starvation, dehydration or hypothermia.Rename it to astronauts suicide simulator."
76561198051917720,Not Recommended,252250,8736373,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Frevvelcat,"gLITCHES TO EASILY, CONTROLS SUCK. oH MY GOSH. i WANT MY MONEY BACK. :t OR THEM TO ATLEAST FIX IT. aND WHERE IS THE SAVE OPTION?"
,Not Recommended,252250,35099351,Posted: 21 September,all,Kestryll,"Refused to discuss issues publically to my satisfaction.Refused to discuss privately. Period.Made excuses why things should NOT be made in game.Claimed the game was ""Hyper-realistic"" and used ""Hard Science"" despite evidence to the contrary.Refuses to include a simple A/C unit due to ""BTUs"" despite evidence to the contrary.Perma banned me from his forums after a year of arguing with him, citing 8 violations, even though I only count 4, and again, this was after a YEAR of arguing. Because it's the only way I found to get him to pay attention.Sole Dev. Fails to address issues. Don't buy."
,Recommended,252250,7908809,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mythadeus,The Game crashes with the same old Maia.exe has stopped working I understand this is new release but this is a kind of major problem I can't even play the game and for over $15 I would at least expect it to be functional. :(
76561198006646292,Recommended,252250,7907671,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,extremelimits,"Not yet maybe when the bugs are fixed, and the game is a little more than 3 buttons???"
76561198036536483,Not Recommended,252250,9270094,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,fj04aos,"Abosulte rubbish, will not even load on a brand new i5 machine with 2Gb graphics card. A complete rip off!"
76561198004715209,Not Recommended,252250,8107246,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sakuya,"I play this GAME!This GAME There are many BUG (\_/"")Wasted my money."
76561197989704407,Not Recommended,252250,31352059,Posted: 24 April,all,Ultimate Beta,gotta say....pretty mind numbing.
,Not Recommended,252250,32188030,Posted: 4 June,all,angelacarrigan84,i have everthing it said you needed to run the game and it refuses to let me use it
76561198095429346,Not Recommended,252250,31360583,Posted: 25 April,all,Hartkiller 5000x,do not buy this game. just don't. trust me
,Not Recommended,252250,29717849,Posted: 5 February,all,Akilles,If I have children and they played this game I would but them up for adoption.
,Recommended,252250,12611576,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dvagoes,"My old review:""I can't put into words how dissapointed I am with the dev. Don't get me wrong, I love the concept. But.He adds in all these new ""features"" without even fixing the current game as it is.I find this game to be an insult to the gaming world as a whole.""My new review:It is beginning to feel much more fun, now i can sustain a base for a while with people (usually) doing what I expect them to. But don't take that to mean it is complete, it still has a way to go."
,Not Recommended,252250,12229623,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Boobie Pillow,"Additional update edits are inside ++++++++++++After purchasing a new monitor and attempting to play this game not only did i realise it doesnt support widescreen but that the features being added to this game seem totally pointless. I feel like I am playing a game from the early 2000 with features still in development. Seriously... its been so long now, HOW CAN CORE GAMEPLAY MECHANICS STILL BE A PART OF TESTING. Bugs are everywhere (including just trying to change graphical settings) and the gameplay is outdated to say the least. If steam had the refund option when i purchased this. I would have refunded it on the spot+++++++++++++++++++++So a new patch has come out which for me, has been the biggest improvement since the beginning. I have actually managed to build a base! WOOHOO!! :D There is a bug that still occurs where the human AI get stuck and end up dying from starvation but I hope that this will be fixed soon!++++++++++This game COULD be great. But what lets it down most of all is the AI (A CORE MECHANIC OF THE GAME). For a game that has been in Alpha for almost a year now the AI is STILL SHOCKING to the point where the game is virtually still unplayable.People and the IMP get ""stuck"" and dont move leaving you to restard or watch them die.The people don't build certain things even when they should be able to (For example I have NEVER been able to build a hopper, it just sits there unbuilt for countless amounts of time)I've had people die from exhaustion because they refuse to build a bed.....I have only played 4.4hrs of the game and watched tutorials on how to get people to do things but nothing ever works. this game needs a serious overhal becuase as it stands, I WARN YOU NOT TO BUY IT"
,Recommended,252250,12527448,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Armada,"This game is much better than it used to be, it does have problems with AI and crashing but is guarenteed to take up all of your free time."
76561198036038436,Recommended,252250,11998356,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,talon_65,Scroll Down For Updated Post!Very upsetting as the game looks like it would be so much fun.  However it constantly glitches out either the screen blacks out or the the characters simply stop doing anything at all.would be nice to be able to go back to the main menu as well to start a game over but you cant you have to comply close the game and relaunch to start over once your colonist are dead.  mine seem to continue to die because they cant keep a build order in order or build the things I want them to build when I direct them too.  Im guessing since this game came out almost a year ago and is still having these sorts of problems its probably not going to get better.  Which is a shame because I love the game concept and think that this could be alot of fun.  But right now im feeling completely ripped off especially with it being so much.Update:Ok so simon has evidently been putting in some work as Maia is atleast playable now!  I've logged about 20 hours of game time over the past few weeks and where it does still have its glitches because it is still Alpha it is Playable to a degree of being able to supply the developer with information to make it better.  This game has definetely re grabbed my attention and I'm glad I kept it on my watchlist!  I do recommend it now even though it is still overpriced in my opinion for an alpha.  Keep up the good work Simon!
,Recommended,252250,23486320,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sir Netflix: The Chilled,"I haven't played this game too much but what I have played has been fairly enjoyable. It's early access so it's still a work in progress. It's a great concept and hopefully some day we'll see it completed, The developer is still working on this which is one of the reasons I bought it and I have to say that I haven't been dissapointed yet"
,Recommended,252250,8110756,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Nameless Oblivion,"Amended Review - As of Maia 0.58. (Original Review 12/2013)Still an early Access game at this point.MAIA is rough. Still ""Alpha"" rough.There's great potential here, but I'm rather hesitant to recommend a game this unpolished and unfinished to anyone. For now, I'd advise waiting, and returning when the team delivers that final software.However...If you're willing to tolerate the slow pace of development necessitated by the small team, then I do really think that there's a gem on the way here. It's still early days, but the game has come a long way since I first played it in 2013, and the development team has continued to roll out updates, including feature additions and bugfixes indicative of ongoing long-term development and support.As long as you understand that you're getting in on an alpha, this might be worth a look. Just recognize that it's not a finished product yet, and given the pace of development will not be ready for that final rollout for some time."
76561198067432544,Not Recommended,252250,14420476,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,peacekeeper777,Four years and the game is still not finished...GG.
76561198014503096,Recommended,252250,34680340,Posted: 2 September,all,Vash,"A more 'down to earth' alien planet survival game. Main resources to colleact are food, water and electricity.Game has a simple tech tree but upgrades are randomly researched.Combat is minimal for once with the main focus on staying alive and keeping ther base running.The game is fun and moving forward slowly. Dev checks the forums and interacts with posters."
76561198090605743,Not Recommended,252250,12364948,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,mr.seventenski,"So I do think there are some good things about this game, but I highly doubt they'll ever be finished.  Just stay away until you see it out of early access, should that ever even happen.  (9/30/2017)Old review below.  Was positive. (4/10/2014)READ BEFORE YOU THINK THIS IS A PURELY POSITIVE REVIEW!!I normally don't like to review games this early on because I really don't think it's fair to either the consumer or the devs to do so at this stage.  However I think a good number of the of the reviews have been a bit unfair.  A lot of the reviews aren't taking into account how early this game really is in development.  Yes that is the fault of the devs for jumping the gun, and putting it on the market, however the game does show a lot of progress, and it's a really good concept.  It is extremly buggy at the moment but that's to be expected of any early access game.  That's why I'm not considering the bugs in this review but I'm focusing on the content.  The devs have done a good job of keeping this game as a more realistic survival/ managment game, and that's nice to see, since it's not really something that has been done that much.HOWEVER! I don't write reveiws for the sake of the devs, but for the sake of the customer.  This game is a big risk!  It's very hard to tell how this game is going to turn out at this stage since it's in such a raw state.  I myself think that it's going to turn out well, and that's why I'm giving a positve review.  However unless you're a risk taker I would advise that you hold off for a little while before you buy this game, and keep an eye on it from afar."
76561198065485160,Recommended,252250,35388362,Posted: 1 October,all,Dragonfire,"I've only just begun playing this game. That said, I do have a bit of a review.The gameplay overall is great. The simulation aspect is fun, and has an in depth idea behind it.The controls are somewhat clunky, and as that would suggest; it does leave more to be desired.The game is in early access, and as such I have expected bugs and major gameplay errors. Fortunately I have found minimal. Really the only issue I have is that colonists do not prioritize builds in order.As it stands right now, this game has a lot of potential, and I look forward to see what happens when it goes into beta and beyond."
