user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,252390,35217109,Posted: 26 September,all,Port,"Before you read; I will update this over timeThis game is fun, its interesting and I know if the developer keeps at it, it will be a great game.It takes Dwarf Fortress and makes it much more user friendly and appealing to the casual audience. Its easy to understand and yet involves allot of the complex mechanics from the original game.Right now there are allot of issues, saves corrupting, glitchy A.I, outright crashing and game play interruptions. allot of them are excusable because its been out for 2 days. But saves corrupting, A.I breaking and crashes are very interruptive and should not be in a $20 game (Even in early access).I will be updating this from a NO to a YES when the game functions without crashing and save corrupting, because so far its a good game.Updates;Update on 28th, saves still only work sometimes, so don't invest too much time in this, you will still lose it.Since writing this review I have been involved in allot of forum contact with the devs and they are very interested in feedback and are clearly dedicated to hammer out these issues."
,Not Recommended,252390,35232538,Posted: 26 September,all,reynoldo,very glitchy at its release. after awhile i cannot make my dwarves do anything.   if it isnt acting up in game its crashing the rest of the time.  wouldnt recommend it until they get more bugs figured out.
76561198164038320,Recommended,252390,35214940,Posted: 25 September,all,Chicken Nugget,"the game is great! but problem is it crashes too frequently :(i love the mechanics of the game and it has a professional feel to it.one complaint is it takes too long to hire new dwarf because i need to keep closing dialogue boxes and opening new ones.also auto saves too frequently.i would also add a feture that allows you to engage with other factions rather than having them show up all the time to trade with you, it becomes too distracting after a while and they get in the way of building.those are some of the issues im having right now but over all im having a lot of fun!i found the game through imgur by the way :)"
,Not Recommended,252390,35273696,Posted: 28 September,all,Gespenst Gaming,"I'm giving this game a not recommended, even though I like it and will continue to play it. Currently it's extremely buggy with random crashes for many/some people, and it's really unpolished as well. There's a tutorial that explains things as you click on them, but it doesn't tell you about things you haven't clicked on, that you need to click on to survive.When the game gets better I'll change my review, if it does."
,Recommended,252390,35278467,Posted: 28 September,all,Nails,"I love Dwarf Fortress, so I had to check this game out. Though as of this review the game CTDsunexpectedly at times, disabling vsync and setting faults to low seems to have extended my play time considerably. Saving at this point is non-functional. The game runs beautifully, though I've heard reports of lag.The controls (though still a bit lacking) feel intuitive. There are some forgivable but frustrating bugs at this early stage (Dwarves getting stuck in place, combat crashing). I love everything about this game so far. I look forward to its growth."
76561198010844911,Recommended,252390,35299376,Posted: 29 September,all,Melonator,"Game is riddled with bugs in its current state and saving/loading games doesnt always work.Core gameplay mechanics are good and I can see a lot more being added, looking forward to future updates!I think this game has a lot of potential, just try to look past the issues people are moaning about, its early access for goodness sake."
,Not Recommended,252390,35229034,Posted: 26 September,all,weasel,"DwarfCorp is far from being ready for even early access. In it's current state, the game isn't even playable."
76561198110183031,Not Recommended,252390,35469051,Posted: 4 October,all,femmfa,"This game needs a lot of work.  It constantly crashes after a few minutes of play.  Underground pathing needs work as the miners get stuck underground.  Dwarves go to the table and starve to death when food is available.  My last 3 games they will till and plant but refuse to havest anything after the 1st harvest.  Cannot get them to put in flooring even though they  have plenty of the materials needed.  Cannot get them to build blocks for walls when materials are plentiful.  Annoying screen popup just to say goodbye to the trader after you have already told them to leave.  Cannot havest eggs that for some reason are floating in the air.  Have built extra storeage and treasury areas just to be notified that I do not have enough space for items or money when the newly built areas are empty.  Every time they herd a chicken into an animal pen the game crashes.  Game is totally OVERpriced for what you get or don't get depending on your views.So, to sum things up, save yourself some grief and $$ and wait a few months and see if the DEV/S do some to fix this game so it is reasonably playable."
76561198018802806,Recommended,252390,35354085,Posted: 30 September,all,Georges are you here?,"So promising, a dwarf frortress for normal peoples. But for me there is twokiller bugs on linux : 1 : we can't load a savegame. 2 : performance issues after 2-3 hours (and i can't save :,( so sad )"
76561198092379137,Not Recommended,252390,35228131,Posted: 26 September,all,Popcorn247,"I will update this if I see any improvements.This game looks very promising! You might call it 3D Dwarf Fortress Lite, but it still already has more features than most other games in the same genre, and it's fully playable and fun at launch, so it definitely gets points there!However, I still can't recommend it in its current state. I experienced several issues, the biggest of which was the framerate. Even on the lowest settings, it was unplayable after a few hours of playing. This might be because I'm using an older laptop, but it runs other games that should be a lot more intense just fine. I noticed the framerate got much worse after I dug down pretty far, but that may just be a coincidence. The autosave feature also needs a lot of work. It completely ruins the flow of the game, and it's very intrusive. You can adjust the frequency, or disable it but that doesn't really solve the problem. I appreciate the feature because I forget to save sometimes, but I would like to see improvements there. Unlike some other players, I haven't experienced any crashes, so I can't comment on that.Overall, I like this game a lot, but there are some pretty basic flaws right now that probably need to be fixed."
,Recommended,252390,35216859,Posted: 25 September,all,captainxenu,I am enjoying the game so far.The developer is quick to respond and help with any issues you have which makes me love the game even more.
,Recommended,252390,35216353,Posted: 25 September,all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"WARNING: The current state of the game is still messy and can now be considered a good representation of the game.Update 2: Multiple gamebreaking and minor bugfixes. Ever since the game runs a lot more stable and has some of the more glaring issues fixed. Main showstoppers still exist but it's taking shape very nicely and it's currently a very good representation of the main game.Update 1: The game has been patched to better support savegame functionality and overall stability. Pathfinding remains a glaring issue but the game is a lot more stable since then. (updated first line, fully indicative of the game now with a major problem sort of fixed.)Crashes are frequent, plenty of bugs to annoy everyone with and loads of other small problems, but overall this game has insanely huge potential.If you want to start here, at the groundfloor, then you want to pick this up as soon as you can, because if it's any indication of the potential here, it's going to be a vastly superior game in due time.Personally i've had a lot of good and a lot of bad experiences with it, but i see the potential and i see how this could develop, so i'm recommending it on those grounds.I'll edit this review with better / more detailed information as the game expands."
76561198033389640,Recommended,252390,35226114,Posted: 26 September,all,FuttBucker420,"I'm really liking the game so far, and plan to update this review and or add to discussions about it as time goes on.The game is still in alpha, and there are a number of bugs and problems that show that. However you have to go in knowing that when games are in alpha issues like this should be expected. Despite that, I'm having a great time with this game and am happy to be a part of this games growth.Maybe I can post this on the discussion board for this game, but a few things I'd like to mention are the tutorial and selecting individual dwarfs. It seems like the tutorial won't tell you much unless you actually select and action (build, harvest, etc) then a window will pop up telling you what to do. This avoids the intro system like ""start by diggin here...build something here...now be sure to make a <thing>."" I know sometimes such tutorials can be a drag but this game could benefit from such an intro.I seem to have a problem telling say just one or two workers what to do, it seems the AI gets confused with one task and has trouble when you tell it to cancel. There's an option to hold right click and drag over a selected action (when a dwarf is selected) to cancel said action, but it doesn't seem to always work.Quick tips from me if you try the game (you should):Go into the audio option > Mixer > lower the voices of the traders. They start way too high and scared me when they suddenly spoke.Pause is your friend. I just pause while I decide what to make a worker do.Select every icon to get a tutorial box explaining what can be done, and learn from there.Now to be fair I'm only about an hour in, so I'll probably get a better handle as things go on. But for now I say that this game is worth picking up and I can see myself pouring some real enjoyable time into it."
,Recommended,252390,35253284,Posted: 27 September,all,RX-W3eD,"Absolutely love the game so far, haven't come into any of the glitches or problems people are talking about.  Game runs smooth, zero crashes so far knock on wood.The game is kinda confusing at the beginning because the tutorial isn't the greatest (you need to just jump in and play around with everything to get a feel for what things do)Are there things that developers need to fix? sure but what game in Early Access game doesn't need it.  The art style is beautiful, the UI is kind of clunky when trying to distinguish what from what but other than that great game.all in all if you want to be a part of a community and help the devs with their bugs to help make this game the best that it can be then join us all and help out.I would give that a rating of ""Give it a go""and if you don't like what you see you can always refund it."
,Recommended,252390,35219029,Posted: 26 September,all,ymportant,"This game is charming, to say the least. If you like Rimworld, Gnomoria, or even Dwarf Fortress, then this game is for you.Yes, it currently has bugs. And downvotes are being cast due to said bugs. At the time of writing this, the game has been live to the public on Steam for something like a total of 8 hours. Eight hours into any Early Access title's release will have highlighted a lot of (understanbly unforeseen) bugs! This is the point of Early Access.Anyway, I'll stop ranting. If you want this game at all, get it now whilst it's discounted and just let it develop.This is just the beginning of what is hopefully to become extremely deep, complex, addictive and polished v1.0 release - it's just (obviously) not there yet. Early Access promotes player input anyway, so you can even help shape the game and bring some bugs to light if you're interested.PS. Dunno why it says I've played 0.1 hours. I've actually sunk about five hours into this surprisingly addictive (albeit currently unfinished) masterpiece."
76561197967070224,Recommended,252390,35215916,Posted: 25 September,all,Darkstar,"I am a huge fan of this genre of games and own many of them ie: hearthlands, Banished, A Game of Dwarves, Gnomoria, Kindred, Timber and stone,  Rimworld, and dozens more.  So far, only Rimworld can compare to the fun i am having with this title. The art is great, and for me it runs well without issue. I feel like there is already more content in this than its closest comparison Gnomoria, and i can't wait to see where the game brings my crew of Dwarves as the updates arrive."
,Recommended,252390,35238187,Posted: 27 September,all,Dyingdemon,"Before we begin, I would like to state that I have only played about 2.5 hours of the game so far. I will also not be including any bugs/crashes/technical issues in my review as this game is in Early Access. It is in a unfinished and ""In Development"" state. Please be aware that there are some game breaking bugs in the game, but I do feel the developers will be working hard to Flush them out and stomp them with their dwarven beards.So, Had a friend of mine see this game, and say ""Hey! check this out!"" so I did. As someone who has loved his hundreds of hours in Gnomoria, this looked like a game with potential to keep up with that. I have found it interesting if not slightly lacking in content in its current state *I want it to be known I know more is coming so this review will be updated or completely rewritten as needed*Graphics: 4/5 - Mix of 2D sprites with rotation 3D enviroments that give a very ps1 era feel. Think Final Fantasy tactics or Thousand arms. A little clipping here and there but nothing major. Changing Graphic settings did little to harm my resource usage and seems to be stable. They give a very nastalgic feel for me, and cant wait to see just how far they will go with this.Sound: 3/5 - A bit... Normal. The music is good and gives decent ambiance but lacks Originality (sorry devs) Im sure there will be changes or as more music is added, that view will change but it is as it is. as for sound effects, it once again falls to ""normal"". There are no sound bugs or issues outside of the fact you might wanna turn down the sound effects when you first start your game, but they dont jump out and pop. but not so bad you dont know what they mean. the sound express exactly what is needed but nothing more. Main reason it still maintains a normal ratingGamplay: 3.5/5 - From what I have experienced so far, the game is very similiar to most colony survival games. You farm, dig, mine, craft, and keep your people alive. The trade system though brings it up a notch. Now you need to earn money, make allies, war, and be profitable. This system has alot of promise to make a real stand out for this game. Currently that system is very Basic but I hope that it gets more development added to it (along with more reasons to trade/war and random events that push you into a corner) .Overall score: 3.5/5 - The potential is there, the idea is solid, and the feelings go with it. Though, I can;t recommend this game for anyone looking for a replacement to their Gnomoria or Dwarf Fortress play, or for anyone looking for a game that feels and deliver complete. I can and will recommend this game though. Yes, bugs need squashing, yes content needs growing. YES, THE BEARDS OF THE WOMEN ARE MAGNIFICENT! But it needs time to grow. It needs players who will enjoy it, test it, report bugs, and help.If you are one of those players who doesnt care about a bug or 2, and is willing to play a trade/colony building game, this is the game for you!"
76561198041056830,Recommended,252390,35233807,Posted: 26 September,all,Deathtopping,"So far, I like what I see and I'm hopeful for this games future! I love games like Dwarf Fortress and this one definitely twists DF to have similar mechanics but a lot more simpler for the more casual player.While it does have a fair share of frustrating bugs, the game only has one day under its belt so far. These are to be expected when it comes to early access. I did have to restart a few times because my game would crash or my dwarves wouldn't do the tasks that I assigned them to do.I just hope the devs stick with this game and keep pushing forward with it. When I can play around with my games, it's a ton of fun! In it's current state it may be frustrating with the bugs but once the devs update the game and polish off the bugs I would say give it a shot if you like games like Dwarf Fortress."
76561198012378089,Recommended,252390,35450304,Posted: 3 October,all,Aegir,I like it.
,Recommended,252390,35246007,Posted: 27 September,all,Kirby | Lakooniuz | Korbi <3,until now it looks really fun :) keep up the good workyou can stil do a lot of improvements when it comes to things to build and more enhanced crafting structurewood pickax -> stone ->oven -> iron or something like that :)greetings from another imgurian
76561198307145250,Not Recommended,252390,35283509,Posted: 28 September,all,CausticBerserker,Please remove dialouge sound. My...    Ears...    ♥♥♥♥ING EXPLODED
76561197994550027,Recommended,252390,35427516,Posted: 2 October,all,Yael,"Having liked Dwarf Fortress, but having shied away from the interface, this game looks very promising. When it works, it is pretty fun to play.A big plus is the open-source development approach on github (repository CompletelyFairGames/dwarfcorp/), so for programming-savvy customers there is something to be learned from following this game :)The public development process also gives some confidence in their ongoing work, seeing how bugs are addressed quickly as they occur.Right now however, buyers should be really prepared for the implications of EarlyAccess. Crashes are to be expected, and with the Game-Save mechanism not yet being feature-stable, incompatible savegames will likely be frequent for a while.Anyway, please buy it. I want to see it reach a stable release and early-access money will help with that :)"
,Not Recommended,252390,35509054,Posted: 5 October,all,mrcalzon02,"Looks Great! had a small number of Grahpics glitches that made play strange, elven trading party stuck walking into a rock, walls of dirt that vanished and turned into world holes, and a nasty bug that kept me from loading my only save file from my first play of the game. requesting refund for now, but might buy for good later on down the road after another year or two of development."
