user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,252450,15941546,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Preacher,"I'd love to recommend this game I really would...It has all the hallmarks of a great game, but there's just one snag and unfortunately that one snag is the size of a continent:This game isfartoo glitchy to recommend (at this time).It honestly feels like I'm playing a beta test and not even a late beta at times.I don't think I've come across an area in the game that, at some point, doesn't glitch, be it the busted AI, the ships that change class when you upgrade them or the research that decides ""Nah, y'alright"" when you've finished an area of research but to name a few examples..EDIT - Best glitch yet: I invaded a planet with my troops, when it came to the land battle for the planet I was put in charge of the defensive force whilst the AI attacked for control of the planet with my troops...At some point I'll make a list for the developers and send it over, but it's going to be a long list and it's going to be a while before I send it...""Why am I moaning about things rather than helping fix them?"" you may ask.Simple. I paid for the game, a whole game, not a beta test or a DLC, the whole game.Had I bought a beta then I wouldn't be writing this, heck, I'd be praising it. But I didn't, so I can't.There's been an absolute shedload of patches and updates since the game came out little over a month ago, so I'm kinda glad I didn't buy it at release as I would have been majorly angry / disappointed. I'm also quite surprised that some pretty major issues haven't been addressed at this time.Like I say, I'll get around to addressing my woes to the devs at some point, but as I'm a little busy with work and suchlike at the moment I don't see why I'll effectively be doing a job that should have been done properly and by someone else in the first place.I play games for enjoyment and to de-stress and unwind, not get angry and be turned into a unpaid beta-tester.This willprobablybe a great game at some point and when that happens I'll change my review accordingly, but for now I'd recommend waiting until a few more patches have come out.And by a few I mean a lot."
76561198035949064,Not Recommended,252450,19217862,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Destructicus333,"I am writing this review to help guide others, like me, who are seeing the ""Mixed"" rating, and wondering whether to take the plunge.  I read the reviews, and saw that the developer was busy fixing the many bugs, and decided to take the chance that the game would still be buggy.  A little background first:I love space games like Master of Orion 2.  I bought this game when it was 66% off, and right after patch 1.2 went live.  With that said, here are my thoughts:Pros:-This game is basically Master of Orion 2.1.  To say that this game is inspired by MoO2 would be the understatement of the century.  The gameplay is copied, the tech tree is copied, and even the race customization options are copied directly from MoO2.  This is not a bad thing, but it was surprising.  I really love MoO2, but this game is only slightly different and expanded compared to MoO2.-The art is pretty good.  Better than MoO2.Cons:-Buggy as hell.  And not in the weird technical-glitch kind of way.  Simple stuff that should have been caught by the bug-checkers.  Your planets will be invaded, but you won't have any troops, so there is no way to start the battle.  You must exit and load an auto-save.  Enemy ships fly off the edge of the screen in space combat mode.  You must retreat (lose) the battle.  You conquer an enemy civilization but somehow the planet doesn't get captured.  It just sits there, uncolonizable and unconquerable.-Interface is really finicky.  When zoomed way out, there's like a 2x2 pixel range on which you have to click to select a planet.  Lots of other little stuff like that that makes the experience less than seamless.Conclusions:DO NOT BUY.  Wait for the bugs to be fixed.  This game is at Alpha level at best.  The good news is that the developer is actively fixing bugs.  The bad news is that they are also working on an expansion.  This is going to seriously detract from the bug-fixing, and will probably introduce a bunch of new bugs too.  Not a great sign."
76561198007065259,Not Recommended,252450,16013904,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sebastard,"I've played Masters of Orion 2 (One as well, but 2 a LOT more) it's, in my humble opinion, the best 4X game ever.After that, I've played many, many more: Galactic Civ, Alpha Centauri (Rants about Civ ripoff) Sins of a Solar Empire, Endless Legend, etc, etc ,etc. None gave me such a new or enhanced experience as MOO2.Then: Stardrive. WOHAAAA! Great! it's like MOO2, but with everything better: Cooler ship design, better tech thingies, more exploration, tactical combat, flavorful events. Terriffic!The downside, and for me the number one reason to never play again (Please, make a patch, expansion, DLC, ANYTHING): there is only one way to win: total conquest. So after hours of playing I have to destroy my friends. No economic, diplomatic, cultural, 'who has the most bunnies' or anoher origional victory at all.So I own 60% of the planets, the biggest fleet and most technical advancements (Ok, I was playing 'normal', sue me) and have to spend hours conquering planets. No fun at all.One small thing when you're make a patch: Please give an end-of-turn warning when a planet is doing nothing or convert the excess labor in coins or anything. It's frustrating to discover after 5-6 turns you forgot to give one planet new construction orders.When the victory thingie is solved, it will be a A+ recommendation from me!With kind regards,Sebastiaan."
76561197993647451,Not Recommended,252450,15286123,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Stuka,"SD2 is a decent game but it doesn't really add anything to the 4x genre and feels restrictive due to the small maps ( 100 system maximum ).  This means that you will meet other races pretty quickly and all of a sudden are rushing production as the AI appears to be able to pull fleets out of it's hat at will.  This turns what should be a strategic game into a ""I can field more ships than you"" slugfest.  The various ( we want to eat your granny ) type races ensure that diplomacy is no more than an afterthought and certainly not a means to an end as they will attack you anyway.I decided not to recommend this game as there are better 4x titles out there.  For those that want strategic depth without worrying too much about graphics there is distant worlds.  For those that want the 3D combat coupled with decent strategy there is Sots or Sots 2.  For those that want an RTS feel there is Sins of a Solar Empire or Star ruler 2 and for those that want a more traditional 4x then Galciv 3 is just around the corner.  SD2 tries hard but it doesn't excell at anything and in what is becoming an ever more packed marketplace it is doomed to fall by the wayside.  That is not to say that it can never rise to the top.  With more development, larger maps, much better diplomatic systems and better strategy overall it could be a winner.  At the moment though, close but no cigar.With Sector Zero DLC:I didn't think it possible that this game could be any less desirable than it is already but I was wrong.  Sector Zero takes what was already there ( and flawed ) and adds a liberal dose of absolute boredom while not repairing or addressing any of the previous ♥♥♥♥ed up systems.  Diplomacy is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ The Ai can still create fleets out of nothing etc. etc.  To the developer I can simply say:You obviously have talent.  You obviously have some good ideas and a fertile imagination but ffs bring a few more people in so that you can bounce some of those ideas off them and gain different perspectives.  Maybe then you will end up with a product worth playing instead of this pile od detritus."
76561198189442906,Not Recommended,252450,25153144,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Casaveer685,"Personaly I loved this game before the DLC's came out for it. First reason I do not recommend this game is mainly due to the AI. People who have played this game will understand that the AI has practicaly no rules to even follow while the player really has his/her hands tied in alot of restraints, such as ship fuel applying to the player and not the AI as well as AI not seeming to need any economic structure to support massive fleets.Secondly I feel that the game is just a money raker. The developer only cares about getting money rather than worrying about if the game is even good or not, basically, I feel he doesn't care about his own game.When your a game developer I would imagine that you would try anything to make your game fun and enjoyable for players which this guy doesn't seem to care about at all. This game has potential to be insanly good, but the developer is putting more time into DLC's rather than trying to fix the base game.Its like he breaks the game on purpose just to try to get you to buy the DLC's which don't even fix all the problems.Now I'm no game developer, I don't even no the first thing about game developing, but people have been complaining about some the issues, such as the AI, for quite a while now. The way I process this is if people were complaining about the issues for so long, why weren't they fixed earlier when the game was still starting out?I do not recommend this game to anyone. I truly wish this game had a developer who would put time into the base game to make an amazing game rather than ""fixing"" SOME of the issues in a DLC. Waisted potential is what this game is."
76561198005718543,Not Recommended,252450,16118926,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Joeldamoel,"This game shows a lot of promise but its certainly not finished, theres no way to ally with other races simply peace, its severly flawed with many bugs practically breaking your game.Once i had a planet switch races, one turn it was mine the next with no battle no war and no warning one of my worlds simply joined a different faction, I regulary in ground battles find myself controlling the other side, or unable to move troops with no reason why, i played the game on normal and got through to the end it was challenging but i won, i thought id play another game on easy quickly and found it harder to play than normal. Races defined as evil will simply ask for anything and if you decline at any point war will follow within a few turns, occassionally war will follow the next turn regardless of how much they like you.this game needs a lot of work to be playable and then a lot added to it to be enjoyable, true ship customization is good but finding out which tech to get to get the right things for your ship is difficult,Overall wait a long time and dont spend anywhere near £20 for it, i wish i could return it"
76561198018165199,Not Recommended,252450,17814882,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,I'm Spartacus,"This game is not finished and never will be.  It has many, many problems.  It looks decent at first, but play on if you must - the farther you advance the more obvious and game - breaking the problems become.  There has been no significant improvement after the first two weeks of release until now - more than 6 months later.It is the developer's second game and the second time the developer has released  an unfinished mess  and then walked away - after calling his customers insane morons, total as*holes, and many other names both in his forums here and on twitter.  Buyer beware.For the uncensored story of both Stardrives look herehttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/SDVC"
76561197994652061,Not Recommended,252450,16193547,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Coffeecool,"Nice Open Beta so far... wait what?First of all i like the Game, and i will love it when its finally finished.But the more time i spend with it, the more unfinished and/or buggy content im facing.Maybe im wrong, but i expect at least all the Key Features working properly if i Buy a Game that seems to be ""Complete""For Example:Land Battles is nothing more than a PlaceholderAI agression on small Maps - everyone is declaring war on you. Sometimes without any reason they travel across the whole Galaxy instead of fighting thier neighbours first.AI agression on large Maps - what Agression?? Once reached late game there is no war anymore unless you dont declare or provokate it.Localisation is about 75% finished, many Texts are just Google translated (at least keep it english, if there was no time to finish it...)Even the Shipdesigner is not done 100%, i mean why the hell are there still Ships with unsymetrical design Errors.That Game has a huge potential, very nice Ideas in every part of the Game.Its just not finished, and as a player i feel that in every Round playing.Would that game be marked as Early Acsess... fine, i know what i have to expect then.But not that way.After screwing SD1, i really hoped the Devs took thier time for SD2 and learned from thier Mistakes.Now i bought the second unfinished Game from Zero and can only hope it will be done one Day.I cant recommend it in its actual Build, everyone whos interested in that Game should wait a couple of Months an Check the Progress, before spend Money on it.EDIT:So 6 Months passed, a few Updates are released, and a DLC is anounced.I thought its about time to check out the progress of the Game and maybe i can find some things fixed and/or finished.And believe it or not, its worse than before -.-There is still not a Single part of the Game 100% done.On Top of that there are new Bugs wich makes it impossible to win a Space fight, a Key feature of the game, just because the enemy ships fly out of the screen and are never seen again.Fun Fact: If you fly your own ships to the edge of the screen, they disapear aswell xDAll that Updates are just small things that really shouldnt be at top Priority, and its so fun to read when the Developer says he cant reproduce all those gamebreaking Bugs everyone has, on his Side...And now a DLC? Comon are you kidding me?Can you pls sell your Licence to someone who actually knows what hes doing? Or hire Someone who does, please!DONT BUY THAT GAMEIts off for 75% or 50% for reasons."
76561198030514745,Not Recommended,252450,24422988,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DariosOrvas,"I only bought Stardrive 2 after I saw a youtuber do videos of it and he explained Stardrive 1 was abandoned BUT it was abandoned because the Dev said he couldn't make the game as good as he wanted using the original game and had to make Stardrive 2. The youtuber explained he too was put off by this but the newer Stardrive 2 was actually pretty good considering it was really new and once bugs were fixed and it was balanced it could be really great.So watching his videos and seeing the potentail I decided to give it a shot. I played for a bit and liked it and was thinking this game could be really awesome once some things are rebalanced and some bugs were fixed and the game was a little more polished and whatnot. Then I see a DLC released and I am like ""Wtf?"" you don't release DLC for games that barely  qualify as released. Clearly this Dev is only about money and doesn't care about quality, he screwed everyone that bought Stardrive 1 and then he screwed everyone that bought Stardrive 2 and his game is still buggy, unbalanced, lacks polish, and is basicly barely finished - Don't support this kind of dishonest money grabbing from Devs, all that buying this game will do is encourage more and more developers to rip us off."
76561198074606026,Not Recommended,252450,15661315,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,mo_redeye,"The basic format for this game is superb.  I can see it becoming very adictive.  The management and expansion of colonies is interesting without being complicated, and the ship designing is enjoyable, if time-consuming.HOWEVER, this game is NOT ready for release, and definitely not at this price.  It has extremely frustrating bugs that need to be worked out.  For example (and this is only one of many), there are sections where you have no choice but to forfeit a battle, even if you are winning, because an immovable message panel obscures the part of the screen that you need to see.I am going to set it aside until I see a patch available to make it more functional."
76561198071275511,Not Recommended,252450,26495841,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ApatheticExcuse,"I don't think I'm even going to bother to write a ""helpful"" review here.Instead, here's a little story.Once upon a time, there was a very nice EA game called Stardrive. It promised to be so many good things to so many people, and to be a spiritual successor to MoO2, one of the greatest 4x games of it's time. Our young hero read many reviews that said ""THIS IS AWESOME, IT HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL!"" and, not realizing at the time that ""potential"" almost always translates into ""don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; in non-review english, he decided to buy it.Many hours passed, and because our hero likes starting 4x games more than finishing them, as well as designing ships, some great fun was indeed had. Soon though, cracks began to appear in the happy facade of his new game - memory overrun bugs would kill games part way through, unfinished tech trees robbed our young friend of satisfaction, and AI issues began to make things feel dull and drab.""Why have I spent so much time playing this?"" he lamented, ""If only I'd realized earlier that there is literally no lategame here, instead of starting a thousand different games and only playing the first bit?""He had to suppress a sob. ""And why did it take me so long to realize that there's only one tactic you really need to use in this game? I'm supposed to be good at games, how could I have been fooled by the shiney ship design, when all I had to do all along was jam my ships full of cheap, first level missiles in order to ruin all?""In the end, he was crushed. Where was this potential the other reviews had told him about? Where were  these promised features that never materialized?Distraught, he turned to the forums. ""Hi guys, I just noticed a few things about this game, and had a few questions."" He detailed his experience, and his input, and made a few simple queries such as ""How do I make my fighters actually land back on my ships?""The response that await our hero was unexpected. No sooner had he posted than a wave of drama, anger, and malcontent rushed forward, flowing out of the screen of his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop, and engulfing him. The force was so great that it nearly capsized his desk, and caused him to be lost in the swirling vortex of it's black waters.""SUCKER, THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IS GARBAGE AND BROKEN AND THE DEV IS A MASSIVE ♥♥♥♥♥♥"", and ""ABANDONWARE, NOOB, DON'T BUY IT"", and ""STFU YOU GUYS THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER AND ZERO IS MY BUDDY AND YOU'RE ALL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, and ""BUT THERE'S ONLY ONE DEV, SO IT'S OK THAT MOST OF THIS SUCKS"", and finally, ""Hello, I'm a moderator. The dev has essentially done all he can with this engine, and has dropped development in favour of StarDrive 2, which will be everything that was promised and more. Check it out, you'll get 33% off since you bought this game! Also, check out my mod which fixes some of the problems with the game you already own!""Somehow, he managed to swim free from the maelstrom, and hit the vitriol release valves built into his computer room. As the drama-fluids slowly drained away around him, he vowed to write a negative review, forget about the experience, and never be involved with sequels or games with ""potential"" in general ever again.Then, years later, he fatefully stumbled across StarDrive 2 in the Steam store.I must resist the urge. Resist the shiny. Resist the 33% off.Our hero fought the good fight for a time, but all the positive reviews speaking of ""potential"" (no, you fool! you say) and improvements over the last attempt by the dev began to haunt his every waking moment, invading his thoughts at work, while playing MoO2, and eventually, even began to snake into his dreams.One night, awakening in a cold sweat from dreams of turn based glory, galactic conquest, ship design, and fighters that could actually land rather than being doomed to spend eternity floating through the cold vacuum after launching, he fell to the dark whispering, and clicked BUY.The next morning, he realized what he had done, and was filled with sorrow. ""My god! What have I done? Even with 33% off, this game is 66% overpriced for what it will likely contain."" In shame, he did not play the game for quite some time, during which drama raged, DLCs were released, and countless empires could have risen and fallen.I must resist!the despaired internally,I cannot allow myself to be drawn to gaze into the abyss of abandoned ""potential"" yet again, for when you gaze into it, it gazes back into you.But one day, the urge was too strong. ""What's the worst that could happen? Besides, I already bought it.""Our hero, despite having grown wise with the years, foolishly decided to try the game.""Gee, this isn't too bad. The new turn system is ok, and the ship design is slightly less ♥♥♥♥ed."" While not ""complete yet"", the game was indeed a bit of improvement over the first iteration, and once the promised features of the first game and the new promised features of the second, combined with some of the new DLC, were all in place, it could truely be great. Several hours were spent playing, and our hero slept easy.For some time afterwards, the game was forgotten, buried deep in the far recesses of the Great Steam Library, under an opaque pile of other games that fit the tag ""space"" or started with ""s"". While on a grand re-organization, our hero stumbled on it yet again.""Hm, I only have 9 or 10 hours on this, and there's lots of easy looking achievements to get. I don't remember it being all that bad, really."" And so, he began to play again. ""This seems to be loading slower than normal. And appears to have more bugs than I recall. And wait... this is all hex based. Did the developer do me a solid as a former customer, and give me the DLC for free?""Perplexed, he turned to the forums, and it was immediately evident that something terrible had happened to the denizens within. The place was nearly empty, the remnants of spam and flame wars splattered on the once stunning marble pillars being the only indicator of what may have happened. Through judicious exploration using his trusty torch and noble search feature, most of his questions were answered. There were indeed bugs, and some issues, and the DLC had indeed been given out for free, though apparently by accident.One question remained, and so he shouted out in the dark to anyone who may still have lingered to hear: ""Hi everyone. Been playing this again, it's pretty ok. I noticed that I seem to have gotten the DLC for free, which in my understanding is a bug. I was wondering if I now just *have* this, or if it's going to be patched out. Is there much point in me starting a new game right now?""The question echoed around the empty halls of the Forum for some time, before a quiet answer was given. ""Hello, I'm a moderator. The dev has essentially done all he can with this engine, and has dropped development in favour of....""The last thing our hero remembered before his vision turned to darkness and his torch sputtered out was a howl, full of fury and pain.""ZEROOOOOO!!""------Ok, so I took a little artistic liscence on the last bit there. No one ever answered my question, presumably because the forums are just as abandoned as the game. Nor was there an agonized howl cursing the dev - I missed all the drama this time around.I've hit a word limit, so please see the comments for some more serious thoughts."
76561198007369882,Recommended,252450,15299568,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The_H4cksaw,"Star Drive 2 takes allot of what made the original star drive fun. Improves on it, then changes the game into more of  a traditional 4X experience, with turn based game play.The Good:Ship design - This is very deep with a level of subtlety and customization which no other game seems to have, at least in terms of whats on your ships and how they behave in combat.Personallity - The races all have distinct ship models and very distinct personallities. There is a bit of cheesy humour in the game and allot of pop culture referencing which is worth a laugh. *spoiler* I got to weld guns to a t-rex's head and then use it to eat people!!!*AI - After about 8 hours I have come to appreciate the difficulty of the AI, they wait till your fleets are out of position and attack core worlds, will try and undermine you diplomatically and have varied personallities ranging from homicidal to just the nicest little plant people ever. They also seem to adapt to your ship building strategies and it seems very difficult to cheese the AI in this game.Empire Management - This is HARD and requires allot of thought. Managing some worlds to be food producing worlds and others to be ship producers or science worlds is an interesting balance and sometimes having more population on your homeworld is not the best choice. This means that a variety of adaptive stratagies are required, absed on your surroundings. This adds allot of replayabillity as games can vary wildly.Fleet Combat - very pretty, plenty of strategy and a bit of point and click. Not one of those games where i want to autoresolve every battle.The BadGround combat - Can still be fun but is not quite up to the standard or polish that the rest of the game seems to have. There is however a suprising degree of strategy in what looks at first to be a very simple minigame. Especially when you take the variability of some of the races into account. I freaked out when i realized the squid men could squirt ink into peoples eyes......Some balance on certain weapons - Overall ship modules are well balanced with few weapons ever truly becoming obsolete which is AWESOME. However there are some modules (Im looking at you plasma cannons) which could really use a buff.The Ugly:Haters - There are ALLOT of haters after some of the issues with SD1. Personally I can see where they are coming from but i easily got my 30 bucks worth outa the game. BUT i swear i am sick to death of the illiterate streams of untruthfull vitriol that get posted about this series. This is the onlly reason i wrote this review. I am a busy person, but i got so sick of all the polarized BS i felt i had to write something.To Sum-up: Stardrive 2 is a difficult game with a steep learining curve that has deep and rewarding systems. Its not for the feebleminded. Some of the production values in certain areas of the game are a little low but otherwise it feels like a AAA game. I would heartily reccomend this game to any lover of 4x or grand strategy games and to anyone as obsessive as i am about building the deadliest ship ever."
76561198042657925,Not Recommended,252450,25472638,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SulfurdownAlpha,"Brutal. Absolutely brutal under the default settings.I assume that the AI can meticulously manage all of the aspects for proper execution because they almost instantly out pace me in construction, colonization, and research on the order of 5 or 10 to one in every aspect all at once. Diplomacy inevitably fails as the AI resources are always valued at 10:1 for me as far as I've seen. I guess that's the take away; Ten-to-One and I'm truely terrible at this game after 15 hours invested that I won't get back.Revision: Even with a vast number of the setting stacked in my favor (no pirates, running cybernetic and setting the galaxy for low organics and high resources, advanced research and production, number of opponets down to two, etc.) the AI is still horribly overboard. I was able to make contact and with an equal number of systems found myself overwhelmed with ships both more advanced, more numerous... faster, stronger, better, and more of them (again on the 5:1 ratio).Pro: It's pretty.Con: The game.So if you enjoy a ""challenge"" and wrestling a 50 year old oak tree isn't frustrating enough, spend money here. I'm going to see if I can't get a refund."
76561198011506966,Not Recommended,252450,32662008,Posted: 22 June,all,Arakus,"The programmer ( Zero, aka Daniel DiCicco in RL ) has abondened this game ( he also abondened stardrive 1 ) after he has patched it to death and was never nearly able to make it bugfree!The game is unplayable and he start a new kickstartet campaign so he can betray new costumers!DON'T BUY THIS OR ANYTHING ELSE FROM HIM!At the 11 July 2017 zero banned me fron stardrive 2 and longsword ( his new attempt ) steam forum because i said the truth about he had abondoned the game.I suspect he will get new costumers for longsword which don't know he had a bad reputation and will buy his new early access game logsword.So beware to say the truth in this forums...."
76561198014887840,Not Recommended,252450,32358227,Posted: 11 June,all,Brand-X,"Second time this dev has made an unfinished game, promised he would fix it, then just abandoned it.Do not trust anything from this dev."
76561198023964900,Not Recommended,252450,16405915,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MiKye200,"When I bought this game I was initially very impressed because of some superficial resemblances in the research tree to the classic Master of Orion 2 and thought the developer was inspired by and trying to make a worthy successor to that game.Now my view on the developer's intent is somewhat more cynical.After playing the game for a while it seemd to me that much of the research tree is not well thought out and balanced but just thrown together willy-nilly with a superficial resemblance to the original MOO2.Much of Stardrive2 strikes me this way: hastily thrown together design decisions, numbers arbitrarily plucked out of thin air and various pieces of code cobbled together with little thought of balance and overall design.Much about the game design is astonishingly poorly thought out, such as the massive imbalance of ship design layouts between races and the huge investment in time and preparation to perform even simple espionage missions(I could conquer the entire civilization militarily in less time) as well as the incredibly overpowered Mass Driver weapon.And let's not mention the horribly repetitive and childish ground combat.I have put a lot of hours into this game; aspects of it are quite fun for a while.I stuck with it as I was finding ship design interesting, even as I was hoping that the developer would address some of the game's many design flaws. However, it became apparent that the developer had little interest in doing any more than fixing some of the glaring bugs and has more or less abandoned the game's development.Much leaves me wondering if the author ever actually sat down and played the game.Uninstalled."
76561197971706649,Not Recommended,252450,22538962,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,EbonShadow,First StarDrive was abandoned with the Dev unable or unwilling to fulfill the original promises for said game.  Gave him the benefit of the doubt despite SD1 being a huge mess.  Bought SD2 to find it is still a mess and hoped the Dev would at least patch it.  I later checked back and he did patch it to a more functional level but charged a DLC feature for what should of been the original game.  Avoid this franchize and this developer if you prefer to support honest developers.
76561198011794827,Not Recommended,252450,15345280,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Verseven,"I have played a lot of 4x games(Master of Orion, Master of Orion 2, Ascendency, Master of Magic, Fantasy Empires, The Civilization Games, Heroes of Might and Magic 1-5, Galactic Civilizations, Imperium Galactica II, and probably a bunch more that I don't remember right now), and the reviews for this one seem a bit more enthusiastic rather than accurate.It borrows heavily from other games but to the point where it feels derivative of them rather than being a synthesis of them.  Moreover it is so blatant about it that it feels like it is flirting with the breaking the fourth wall not something I am a huge fan of.The game has a lot of potential in the ship design and strategic aspect of space and ground combat and the level of depth that it allows you to manipulate your empire.I will say that it was better than MOO III in general fun and striking a balance between allowing depth and getting carried away with it.My big gripes about the game are as follows.Technological advance doesn't yield significant upgrades until you get very very far along in the trees.  I almost always had better luck researching a few basic (tier one or two technologies), the pumping everything into producion ships and troops and conquering the galaxy without ever doing more than cursory reasearch.The AI literally cheats on basic settings, I have tested rich homeworlds on small maps with optimized industrial output and the AI will invariably massively outcolonize me and outproduce me (in terms of fleet and fleet size) very quickly in the early game.  You can still win by being clever or cheesy in your builds, but the fact that it literally plays by a different set of rules on default settings really really bothers me.The technologies are poorly balanced to create a stable empire.  The game forces you specialize each of your planets because of prohibitive maintanence costs (making one planet that has all upgrades and buildings your empire is capable of will put a big dent in your wallet).  Basically I find myself skipping almost all of my unlocked buildings on most colonies just because of what it costs to maintain them.  The way various technolgies interact and overlap with each other just makes a lot of them feel useless or redundant or only of use on a very small proportion of your colonies.I do think the game has a whole lot of potential and with some patches or balance changes could be more fun.  Essentially my complaint it that it forces you to play in one of a few very specific ways if you want to avoid getting wiping out quickly on default difficulty.  It felt more like how well can I implement this strategy which I know will be the only viable one for this map/race selection rather than what type of empire would I like to build this time. It feels like the game has mechanics for amazing strategies and fun but makes it impossible for you to implement them before you have already taken control of the map.Bottom Line I just didn't have fun playing it."
76561198000431590,Not Recommended,252450,15306955,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Argent,"Edit: The game has improved considerably since the review that follows.  I still don't recommened it but not nearly so definitely.-----------------------------------------------------Pros:1) Pretty RT space battles2) Very much a MOO2 feel for the nostalgic old farts like me3) Turn based empire management4) More relatable and presentable alien races than one usually sees5) The UI is solid, except for missing production6) Graphics are sleek7) Runs well, no glitches I could seeCons:1) Diplomacy is broken by the usual fickleness of 4X games. This exacerbates2) The pain when large and powerful fleet of enemy ships (who were all confetti and chocolates a few turns ago) that rock up once your economy is almost functional to smash you to bits, which is particularly onerous when you are playing on3) Easy mode.  Not.  Nope.4) Ugly and moderately difficult ground battle in an ultra-simplified Xcom style5) Most of all though falling for this twice.  Twice.  It's one thing to make a bad choice.  We all do that from time to time. It's another to chew on the fishhook a second time.  I was that stupid fishy.6) I researched an issue with my planet in a tidal lock.  It killed the planet.7) The sounds are a bit sparse and the GNN (news that pops up) is a shock in comparison to regular gameplay8) The AI can reach me at the other side of the galaxy when I can't even reach the next cluster properly.The game is fun at first.  As those first few turns burn away while presumably the AI builds those battleships you have a sense this game might be a good one, or at least ok.  But no.I don't actually care if the AI cheats or not.  I don't care if my gameplay skills are sucky or brilliant.  I care that it simply isn't fun and that's the core of the not recommend for me."
76561198031344794,Recommended,252450,15323477,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Icemania,"Updated to consolidate thoughts after all the time played so farIf you are interested in a military 4X game with a heavy focus on extermination then Stardrive 2 is recommended.  However, if you want to play a more peaceful or diplomatic game then I would not recommend it as it’s really not possible to play that way at the moment.The GoodThere are various early game opponents and some events with nods to sci-fi fans.The AI is strong early game and I had to reload during my first game a few times to improve my strategy before winning on Normal difficulty.The technology tree really does feel like Master of Orion 2 and I enjoyed mulling over the options.The Battle Arena has been good fun to test designs and weapons and the combat is generally a highlight.I've encountered no major bugs and while there were some minor bugs, there was nothing gamebreaking.In some ways it is an improved game over Stardrive 1 but there is plenty of room for improvement.The BadThe technologies and weapons need to be better balanced.  Once you've tested them in the Battle Arena it becomes apparent some are worthless.The late game is really tedious.  Colony governors are needed particularly for the mid to late game as it becomes micro intensive.  There are no defaults for troop loadouts so you have to do every one manually.  Late game AI ship designs are very weak so the battles become trivial and nowhere near as much fun as the early game.The ground combat is weak.  Automatic resolution comes at a high price as it leads to excessive losses compared to manual combat even when you have a massive advantage, so it essentially forces the lame ground combat or bombardment to avoid it.The AI’s are far too aggressive in responding to expansion.  The AI's are very similar and it's difficult to avoid anything other than Total War.  The tolerance mechanic used in diplomacy is good but needs to be increased as currently diplomacy is a bit of a side show.Brutal difficulty is not hard enough once you get familiar.  In fact once you learn the mechanics this is the easiest 4X game I can remember.The LowdownI had a lot of fun with the early game and Battle Arena.  As a result of the time I've played the game, I'll stick with a recommend, but without more serious improvements I don't see myself wanting to load the game up again (and I tend to play genuinely good 4X games much longer than this)."
76561197973998975,Recommended,252450,15551269,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,the1sean,"I made a race of photosynthetic treehugging cybernetic (trans)humans, killed space eels, found an eerie asteroid, experimented on my own citizens to create a zombie plague from said asteroid, lost Earth to a space wolves sneak attack through a wormhole while my main fleet was capturing my robotic enemy's homeworld. Then I turned the space wolves core systems into a zombie infested plague quarantine zone and retook Earth with space eel-cannon-armed-battleships produced by my new robot servants. After that the samurai space bears started a border war with me and things got interesting.10/10 would terrorize the galaxy again with zombie plague fleet mounting space-eel-cannons.Seriously though, this is a good game. Great? No. Good? Yes. Bugs? Yes, but they are consistently being stomped and progress is happening quickly.A little bit about me, I have played probably every major space 4X game made. MoO1-3, Space Empires 2-5, Galactic Civilizations 1-2, Sword of the Stars 1-2, Sins of a Solar Empire, Imperium Galactica 2, Endless Space, Distant Worlds, and many many more. I also was a Beta Tester for a couple of the Distant Worlds expansions and you can see my name in the credits. So you could say that I have been around the space 4X block, and I really enjoy this game, warts and all. Let me break it down a little. Keep in mind the next few things throughout my review:A - this game is made by one developer (goes by the handle ""Zero""), and he contracts out art, music, and other assets. So very indie.B - this game is only $20+ at time of review, and as an owner of StarDrive1 I got a discount (so no ♥♥♥♥♥ing about having to pay for a new game if you bought SD1, and yes this game is a huge leap forward and worth the price). What's my point? This game is arguably as interesting as Civ Beyond Earth, and a fraction of the price, so lots of value for the money.C - I am comparing this game to other space 4X games in each category, not other genres.D - I have read some reviews where players claim that the AI is cheating, I think they just didn't RTFM and don't realize that there are mechanics like TAXATION that can net players and AI lots of cash to supports massive fleets and cash negative planets with.Graphics 9/10 - This isn't Halo4, but man this game LOOKS GOOD for a space 4X! Great colors and effects, and the ships and artwork are clean and stylish. Explosions and weapon effects are slick. IMHO best looking space 4X in a while. The only weak point is the ground combat doesn't look very good. Would have preferred the ground combat from MoO2, even now the most epic looking space 4X ground combat.Sound 8/10 - This game has an epic sound track that I didn't tire of easily. Weapon effects like different thuds as mass drivers hit armor or shields brings the combat to life. Quite adequate.Diplomatic AI 7/10 - This game has a great feature where there is a threshold on how many deals you can make with another faction that keeps you from spamming tech trades or going from being complete strangers in to becoming instant besties like in the Master of Orion series and most 4X games. The main drawback here is that the other empires just don't feel as alive as they could, but to be honest this is a huge problem with most 4X games. The main one that does it better is GalCiv2, man that AI was dastardly! I will note that as of yesterday (4/24/15) Zero released a patch that works on my of the Diplo AI's issues so this is definitely something that will get better with time.Strategic Fleet AI 8/10 - Your opponents don't quite feel as alive as they could, but man are they AGGRESSIVE, and I am not just talking about declaring war. This is the first space 4X in a long time where the AI contantly pounces on my undefended systems (and INVADES the planets successfully) and aggressively engages my fleets. Enemy fleets could coordinate a little better, and upgrade their ships more often, but overall the Strategic Fleet AI is solid.Ship Customization 9/10 - Dude this game is seriously cool, like Gratuitous Space Battles mixed with Master of Orion. Love the ship customization, the only drawback here is that SOMETIMES the AI doesnt pick great ships to build. The other minor gripe is that not every race's ships are created equally, some races have more spaces on their ships for components, etc.Map 9/10 - Two of the four ""X""s are Explore and Exploit, well this game has fun mechanics that really support this. Meaningful wormholes with interesting placement, space monsters, pirates (human themed space monsters), Orion... I mean Master raiders are there and there are rewards to be gained once they are defeated. Also, planets can have specials like having deep caves, dangerous fauna, strategic resources that give your empire a boost, etc. In addition there are minor races that you can trade with, hire mercs from, or attack and subjugate.Ground Combat 6/10 - This feature just isn't there yet. It has the potential to be very advance wars or XCOM, but instead it is just kinda underdeveloped and a bit of a slog. I would suggest Auto-Battling until this is fixed in a patch or in a Mod, which is sure to happen and would be pretty easy to flesh out.Tech Tree 9/10 - This is very closely based on the Master of Orion model, including the core concept that you can only research one of three techs at each level of research and can only trade or steal for the ones that you didn't research. This is assuming that someone researched a tech, and often one tech isn't researched and so you can have a game where some techs aren't available. There are a few nice features that earn this high score. One, you can often unlock secret research projects by doing things like killing a space monster and dragging it's corpse in for research. Two, each race has hidden techs specific to it.  Three, at the end of each tech tree are a choice of two advances that you can take over and over again that give you meaningful benefits like increased ship speed, weapon damage, diplomacy boosts, shield strength, etc. There are also references to one of my favorite scifi book series ""Old Man's War"", so kudos to the dev.End Game 8/10 - Currently there is no allied victory condition, but Zero posted as of the latest patch that he will be adding that in. No victory animation or movie (like the slick one in Master of Orion 2), or Civ style map replay (which would be really cool to relive the adventure), nor a power graph screen, but it does rank you versus fictional SciFi chracters (I was ranked Picard); funny I dont recall seeing Kirk or Blackjack Geary listed, what a shame.Modding Support 8/10 - As of right now the game has Steam Workshop but it isn't listed like normal, you have to navigate to the Workshop tab and search plug-ins to see them. Alternatively you can head over to the game's forums on the dev's website. StarDrive1 benefitted heavily from player made content and I suspect that this game will too. Unfortunately at time of review there is no integrated mod loading menu like in SD1, not sure of dev plans but I hope this is added sooner than later and that the Steam Workshop works correctly soon.Stability and Bugs 8/10 - Small bugs, but no crashes, and not too surprising considering that the game is so indie but looks and feels so high budget. Some people report framerate issues, but I have experienced none. I have an i7 processor, 16 gigs of RAM, Nvidia card. Make sure to keep your drivers up to date!There is more here than I have listed, like a really in-depth medal and experience system where your ships can level up and earn medals through various combat exploits, which give them relevant bonuses (ie: Purple Heart, if your ship survives after being reduced to 35% health, whenever that happens in the future it takes 10% less damage). There are fun missions, and funny alien empire dialogues, overall this game is really great for around $20 at time of release."
76561198210271456,Not Recommended,252450,24228896,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,s.gaastra,"Up until today, I could deal with all the minor bugs I encountered. Some weird graphical glitches, screen lay-out that sticks around when you switch to a different screen, ship modules that seem to float around on their own in space ... all of that I can either ignore or ""fix"" ingame.No big deal. I love the basic game, having fun playing it.Today I surrendered to the never ending barrage of bugs and threw in the towel. I leave it up to you to decided if I'm overreacting or not:- This campaign is going better than everything before. I understand better what is needed to survive this galactic battlefield! Not waiting to be attacked, I went agressive ASAP and managed to defeat the main fleet of those damned psychic slavers. Blockaded their homeplanet and invaded their second planet. First invasion of their homeplanet failed. No worries. Second wave of two full barracks is on the way.- Bug 1 enters the batlefield. I can't invade the homeplanet ...- Everytime I try, the game freezes during loading the combatscreen. Can only get out by ending the game by using taskmaster. After trying a few different infantry set-ups (maybe just 1 item is bugged?) with no succes, I stop trying. Having to get out of the game with taskmaster, starting again and reloading the campaign gets annoying after 10 times or so.- I quickly build a fleet of Corvettes with Nuclear Bombs and kill all defending troops. No luck, still can't invide. I then kill all the population. Planet is now a nuclear wasteland instead of a very productive production facility. I colonize it anyway, no bug is going to stop me from domination!- Struggle with a few of the usual minor bugs. Also a new one: apparently my hired special characters don't like flying through purple clouds en route to their assigned systems. They're stuck ... they also refuse to fly back and take a detour. I decide to leave them, maybe they'll decide to get unstuck after a while.- Discovered what hides in the pink wormhole ... hint: it's big and it hurts.- Having a lot of new shiny tech, I decide to do a big fleetwide upgrade. Bug 2 arrives. My planets refuse to build anything. What??? I can select the build, I can even pay the price so it's done in 1 turn, but it will always stay just 1 turn away from completing ... no matter how much turns I wait.- Tried different combinations of ships and modules. Only thing my planets like is building the original explorer ships it seems. Try to scrap some fleets, still no luck.- Bug 3 moves in for the killing blow. During all this testing and trying, two of my fleets happened to pass eachother on the galaxy-map at exactly the same time. Now their fleet-avatars are stuck together and they can't leave. They also can't merge and become one fleet .... they're just stuck.I give up. Doesn't matter how good a game is if the bugs never let me enjoy a full game.You decide if you can (or want to) deal with it, good luck."
,Recommended,252450,15330504,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TonkRogerio,"One of the best 4x games to come out in a long time. SD2 has phenomenal game design philosophy...in Most parts.THE GOODShip design:- This is by far the best ship building feature off of any 4x game excluding the original which manages to outdo this one just ever so slightly. You manage everything within your ship in a FUN way. This is the problem with a lot of other 4x games with ship building, they add a ton of things you can do, but it doesn't feel fun. You're just moving numbers about. In SD"", you get to see exactly where your components go, why they go there is completely up to your combat logic. You want to create massive artillery ships with weak armour and then create some up close and personal heavy shielded and armoured heavy hitters to protect the artillery? Easy. Then when you've built your ship with a specific class in mind, you get to see how it plays out in battle.Combat:- Superb combat. The action takes place as an RTS. You get to build your fleet in factories after you're done designing it, then put them together in a fleet. When that fleet meets an enemy fleet, you enter into an RTS strategy map where you can plan out your manoeuvres in real time or with a pause function. There is some UI issues which I'll go over in ""THE BAD"" section. My only other complaint besides the UI is that there really isn't anything to interact with in these battles. An asteroid battle or having to battle over your home planet, trying to make choices of attacking the ships that can kill your ships, or attacking the bombers that can kill your population would make an excellent addition to the ship combat. As it stands it's awesome, but with a few wasted oportunities.Events:- Another thing that SD2 outclasses everything else on. Events make you feel like you're really managing your empire. In most 4x games you see something on the map, get the reward and off you go to the next one. In SD2, you can find things that intertwine within other concepts of the game. For example, you can find a world where dinosaurs live in. So you now get a new research project to mount guns on the dinosaurs... There are quests you can find, the usual $50 from every other 4x game, and events that  happen because of your own doing. Create too much pollution on a farm world and your crops are dust for a few turns. Build a ship production line on a lava planet and you might just find a new way to make hulls more durable using that planet's natural resources. Events make the universe come alive and it follows choices and consequences in a logical and believable way for the player.Tech:- At first I was disappointed with the tech tree. I've been let down so many times in 4x games before, that when I saw videos of it pre-release, I just thought there wasn't enough there. Well I was wrong. The choices you make in tech are really meaningful. You have to pick one tech out of a couple of choices and you never get to pick the other tech again. You can trade for it with other empires, or steal it from them using spies, or taking over their planets with a specific trait or tech. This makes trading for tech pretty important. But even though you never research all the techs, there are so many that you will be researching for days. You also get new techs that come up due to events in the game. Found a strange asteroid? Tow it back to earth for a new research project. Colonized a planet with a specific negative attribute? New tech (My only complaint is that these don't exist for every planet with negative attributes). Found a wormhole next to a research planet? New tech. You get the point. I really hope that this feature gets expanded on in a future update though.THE BADUI:- There needs to be a more user friendly interface. It does a lot of stuff right, like showing information most of the time for example, but in combat, it fails miserably. Why can't you highlight all of your ships and have their powers show up at the bottom so you can click on all of them instead of each one individually? Same with troops. Why do I have to waste time loading combat with my scout, just to wait for him to retreat? Why can't you drag all of your ships and place them in a different location before the battle starts (or even save a formation for your fleet?!?!??) Why can't you click on an enemy troop with your troop selected for an automatic attack with your main weapon? Why can't your melee troops auto run and then attack when you click on an enemy soldier with your troop selected? Things like this are just not acceptable in this age of gaming. An almost catastrophic oversight in SD2.Ground Combat:- This is not fun. It's OK, but it's not fun. Most of the problems come from the UI. So once that's fixed, we can begin to enjoy the simplistic nature of this minigame. Maybe an expansion should really concentrate on adding more to this mechanic.AI:- the AI cheats. We all know this. The problem is that they don't play by your rules. I hate this sort of mechanic in games. I like the AI to play by my rules, not for them to get bonuses while we get gameplay mechanics. It's much harder to balance a game this way and I feel like this was a bad but maybe forced decision by the developer.Generation Options:- There just isn't enough options for generating your galaxy right now. No slowing down tech or production options, only 100 planets, not being able to add custom races to go over the 8 AI limit. A missed opportunity here.PERSONAL STATEMENT ON DIFFICULTYI don't really feel like the game is too hard right now. I play it on hard as the humans and I'm doing pretty well. I feel like deployable shields are OP in ground combat. It's got to a point that I just don't lose soldiers anymore. My under tech'd ships are doing their job just fine because they have shields and a good formation with strong artillery, and the enemy doesn't do that. They get some missile throwers but it's just not enough when I have big massive cannons that start attacking them before they're even in range. I really don't see why everyone is making a big deal about the difficulty. Start off with building as many small ships as your empire can handle for free, then defend with them (for medals) until you get shields. Build 2 artillery ships with little armour, and 3 frontline armoured ships. All 5 ships with shields. That's enough to defend against any attack through most of the early game (safe till at least 2 fifths of the way through). I know the humans get some pretty powerful ship traits, maybe this is why I'm not finding it difficult.FINAL VERDICTThis game is awesome. I've not been able to put it down since it came out. I know it was made mostly by just one man, but I'm not paying to appreciate the awesome talents of one man creating an awesome game, I'm paying to play an awesome game. And I can't say I'm displeased with that. I got a nice discount for owning the first game, but I would still recommend it even if it is full price. Just know that there are parts of the game that will feel unfinished. Specially the UI. As it stands, it never really prevents the fun parts from being fun. It's still a masterpiece, a slightly flawed one though. 8.5/10MESSAGE TO ZERO (Maker of SD1+2)Make DLC for this game. I waited a long time for SD1 DLC. Don't disapoint us, we all want to throw our money at you for DLC."
76561197994321686,Not Recommended,252450,15323791,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,markelphoenix,"Unfortunately, the enemy AI is set to psychotic. I find that trade and relations have very little meaning in this game. The entire Diplomacy/Relations system should be either scrapped, and any illusions of species having traits/personalitys discarded, or have it completely overhauled.As is, a faction that is 'warm with you', has trade agreements with you, and shows every indiciation of having great relations with you (on top of having research done that improves your relations) will all of a sudden decide to demand you give them a planet......Just the other day, I was thinking about how we requested from our good friends and neighbor in Canada to cede vast swaths of their most productive territory, because we are such good friends with a long history of trade.......Wait, that didn't happen."
76561197994002516,Not Recommended,252450,15891020,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,despana,"Way too many bugs. It's hard to play.Here is list of major bugs I met:1) You are forced to forfeit battle (with auto-destruction of your base) if one enemy ship with broken drives or logic flies out of the combat screen.2) You can't change the name of designed ship (so you can't save it!) if you alt-tab previously. You are forced to save-quit-load to fix it.3) Enemy ships going for your planet will freeze in space if you sign peace treaty.Tons of minor bugs too, after-battle screen don't show last ship properly if there is many ships and ""scroller"" needed, for instance.I hope developers will fix bugs. Stop posting this half-made games, please. And make some improvement to interface. At least show population/max_population on empire screen. Rework ground battles!This game should have 95% positive replays and sell twice as many copies if not so many bugs.Good game, but very buggy release. It's sad. Same situation was with Stardrive 1.Do not buy this game, until v.1.2 release - it's impossible to play."
,Not Recommended,252450,32585531,Posted: 20 June,all,Foxtwo,"Sadly the developer abandoned stardrive 2 just like the first one, there is fun to be had, however do not expect any further development then is in the game currently"
76561198007728026,Not Recommended,252450,18291466,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Muere Hippie,"Overall not a good deal for almost 30€The good:- UI and graphics are appealing.- Ship design and space combat are fun. But very easy and exploitable once you understand the insights.The not so good:- Far too oriented to war, but the mechanics of space warfare are not especially deep or rewarding.- Research and tech tree are counterintuitive, although it opens some diplomatic possibilities.The bad:- The ground combat is, to keep it short, completely and utterly terrible. And unskippable because the ""auto"" function is a slaughter for your troops.- AI is idiotic, treacherous and, at the same time, completely predictable.- Because the AI is how it is, and the space combat is easily exploitable, you can ""game the system"" to win against the odds.- Forget any playstyle besides warmongering. War up to extermination is the optimal response to everything in this game.- Very buggy and glitchy. Nothing game-breaking but it feels like an unfinished product (for now).- Big empires require to much micromanaging in my opinion.I think Star Drive 2 fails to deliver innovative concepts/ideas or a well balanced/polished ""classic"" 4x game. I had some hopes that the game would improve through the months, and I've seen some improvements, but overall is not specially fun or challenging. It's not worth the time nor the money in my opinion."
76561198001288955,Not Recommended,252450,17809138,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,_M_,"At first I was like: damn this game is awesome. It's so close to MoO2 and there are some nice additions.Then I played ""some"" rounds. I didn't finish one map.TLDR: The basis is great. The execution and balancing is lacking. Has a rather rushed feeling after a whileMy main complains are:- The tech-progression is too fast or the tech-tree to short. It's too easy to reach ""future-tech"" without ever deploying researchers.- Ground combat is meh.- The AI (premade) ships are boring and the AI just spams. Most ships are low-tech only. There is only 1 pre-made Titan (high-end ship) for the Vulfar I could see. It's full of spinal lasers (low-end weapon).- The ship spamming of the AI leads to slideshows in combat, when fighting against ""bigger"" fleets full of rockets.- The ship-limit is really weird. The 2 smallest classes don't cost command until a certain margin. Which the AI uses to spam. Most of those ships are not worth the building affort, but again kill the framerate.- The AI sends more spies to you, then you could ever remove. Even with the Anti-Spy Leader. I got 2 messages for removes spies for every turn. Never got less.- The ship-design info about how long your energy weapons will last straight down lies.- There are not enough different special-encounters. The ones that are there a kinda nice, but doing them over and over is boring.Okay some good points:- The overall feeling of the game is nice.- Ship creation is quite fun.- Combat looks awesome, if the framrate doesn't die.- Some quite funny references to other universes in the game.Overall the game is nice for a while, but the issues are to big to acutally fun. I kinda got annoyed after 30-35 hours and tried for the last 15 if there's a way to make it more fun. Didn't find one."
76561198020018071,Not Recommended,252450,24637480,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,johnsmith8976,"This game is now officially broken.The developer appears to be more interested in pumping out mindless DLC (C stands for Crap, not Content) than fixing the many, MANY game-breaking bugs & gameplay issues plauging this now mediocre title.Save your money, save your sanity & give this one a miss."
76561198067668974,Not Recommended,252450,24477562,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,zann1001,"*sigh* This game is so close to being the game of my dreams, the very first legitimate successor of MOO2, keeping all that was good in the old game and adding much of the depth and amount of content from CIV5. Actually, I already had posted a positive review.BUT as it is, the game is just a bucket of bugs which render it pretty much unplayable. The population caps on the planets is broken, the food freighter system is broken, just have a look at the bug report thread before you consider buying this.AND these bugs are not gonna be fixed. Zero (a one-man-company) sometimes promisses to get to them, but it hasn't happened in years, and he has recently started to make another game, technically abandoning this one. He's designing tons of content, good content, but when it comes to implementing it, he's just being lazy and disorderly. Probably he should start to employ professional programmers."
76561197987153183,Not Recommended,252450,15289476,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rysq,"As I played this game, all I could think was that I would rather be playing SD1.I came to SD2 with a slight bias. I loved SD1 and so was convinced I would love SD2 as well, but I can honestly say, I'm disappointed. The game looks pretty, I can have an open mind when changing to a turn based campaign, but found that SD2 was lacking in alot of details ,and had something of an identity crisis.The UI is clunky, apparently something as simple as pointing and clicking is to damn easy, hope you learned all your hotkeys. The camera is stuck, you cant rotate or see any planets and even zooming is quite limited in choices; far away or in your face, cant have anything in between. Diplomacy is sadly 1 dimensional and boring, lots of options, but few applications.The AI is a mess. I tried about 10 attempts now as humans and got completely steamrolled by massive fleets or rampant monsters in more than 6 of those attempts, in under 100 turns. This is on easy..You wont have a nice relaxing ""get to know you"" experience here, prepare to get slammed shortly after contact. That wont take long, the galaxy is a sardine can. Despite being open minded to its transition from real time to turn based, I didnt adapt to the transission well, and I dont feel this game did either. SD1 just felt much more alive and fluid, the sense of the distance between stars was apparent when you watch your little colony ship slowly zip through the void to a distant beacon of light. You wont feel that here, the galaxy is a flat, small, tiny world full of crappy planets.Sadly, i didnt get a feel for being in space at all. The galaxy is emensely small (100 stars max), and so crammed for space, that you'll be pilling on top of your allies and enemies alike. Not that your likely to have many allies though, even they will turn on you in a hurry if you happen to occupy the only terran planet in whole tiny galaxy.There was no sense of space, its expanse, or progression of my species at all. In SD2, you should feel rushed right from turn #1, and dont you dare make a single mistake or you'll get slammed by indestructable fleet of monsters on turn 45.I didnt feel like I was leading or playing a star civilization at all. I didnt feel particularly connected to anything, and camera and poor controls left me frustrated by an already overly aggressive and simple minded AI.This game isnt SD1, its MOO with SD1 touches. And even with that identity in mind, its a let down.And Frankly, as much as I wanted to love it. I'm not feeling it. I would much rather play SD1.My 2 Cents.(edit:typos)"
76561198041011104,Not Recommended,252450,16436395,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nicolaus99,"I want to love this game but it won't let me.  Numerous bugs, bad UI, rare crashes, half baked ground combat.  This game is unfit to be called a finished product.  A good beta maybe.  Needs polish, lots of polish.You can tell that love went into this but it did not come with an equal measure of design skill.  Fleets will frequently overshoot their targets without engaging/parking.  Ground battles will sometime bug out, switching control of you and the AI's forces.  Real time space battles are unforgivably disorganized and nearly impossible to command in any meaningful way without 10+ minutes of pre battle formation micro management that you have to do every-single-battle.  Save your formation?  Nope, F U.  Simply clicking on a ship and telling it to ""fly here"" is absurdly difficult when large fleets are present.  Planetary production Governors?  Nope.  All micro.  Insta scroll game text with a click?  Nope.  Get used to watching the letters crawl across the screen like a legless orphan eating crayons.  Enemy transports will bug out in/near wormholes, becoming permanent, untargetable fixtures until their race is annihilated.  The music is awful and may as well not exist.In it's defense, smaller space battles are fun and pleasing to the eye.  The random events/missions scattered about the galaxy are fun and interesting.  Ship designing is lots of fun but probably poorly balanced.  A colorful cast of aliens, even the 1 world minor races, Art and writing fluff did their jobs at least.Really, if everything worked properly and had a decent UI, I'd say StarDrive2 is slightly above average.  But in this state?  Unacceptable."
76561198030361352,Not Recommended,252450,15396932,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Krito,"OverviewIt's fun for a bit, but after awhile it gets repeatitive and it's errors come to surface. Not saying it's a terrible game, but it's not in the top 5 list.PROsDecent graphics on the galactic map and ship tactical combat.Ship design is fun to play with.Good enjoyment for the most part, for awhile...CONsAI is not balanced and isn't very intelligent. They basically get to cheat.Economy isn't tweaked one can say it's bugged. Example: You can have eight farmers, but if you remove five farmers the three remaining farmers will produce more then the eight.Ground combat isn't to entertaining. Limited weapons and useless upgrades that'll never be used. No strategy required. Late game you'll start hitting your head on your desk because of the ground combat. YES there's an AUTO option, but with all other aspects the AI is terrible and you'll find yourself loosing half your troops.Ground combat AGAIN. I don't know what causes this but theres been a few times where I'm defending a planet and the game switches my units with the attackers units (ie. I have control over the invasion force and the AI has control over MY defenders).Large fleet battles (70+ CP) becomes all but unplayable due to framerate drop. Even when I drop the graphics to the lowest setting this happends. I do have a decent rig (AMD 6-Core, 2GB GeForece GTX 760, 16GB Ram, running on SSD). This is simply bad and unoptimized coding plain and simple.My RatingAreaScoreGraphics5Some areas are done well, others seem to have gotten the short stick.Gameplay6It's fun at the start, but it soon becomes repitive.Immersion5You really get into it at the start. Towards the middle and end it's errors and repitiveness shows.Value3Numerous bugs, Bad AI and generally un-balanced and un-optimized.OVERALL4.75ClosingI would love to recommend this game, I really would. But with the numerous bugs, bad AI, un-balanced, bad/un-optimized coding, and what I would consider a product that's not fully completed... I just cannot recommend this game. Yes it's fun, but it soon becomes a chore and that's not what a game is supposed to be.Wait until it's patched up and completed further before buying this game, or when it's on sale."
76561197989383204,Not Recommended,252450,15301563,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Xira,"This game's problem is...it 'tries too hard to be MOO2 without understanding what made MOO2 fun and balanced'. Having played through and done some reading I will point out some glaring flaws.AI is hyper-aggressive stupid expansionist. It will gobble up as much as it can as fast as it can and use that to produce as many junk ships as it can to throw at you the instant it detects weakness. That's ALL it will do - the ships it uses are pre-designed and total junk. It makes no attempt at clever diplomacy or alliances. It doesn't use starbases. No hiding in the trees to do a devastating flank attack here - no sir it will conga line straight into your wall-o-doom in the puddle size combat arenas.Constant escalating attacks by 'NPC factions' - remnants and pirates and space crystals that don't attack the AI, so you have to dedicate a fleet to defending against them while the AI out-expands you then sends a fleet of doom at you.Diplomacy is a joke. Half the races Want To Eat Your Granny and will declare war right away if they have more ships. Every other species is going to demand/threaten right off the bat, sometimes your homeworld, and if you don't give it to them they'll declare war if they have more ships. If you do they'll declare war anyway a few turns later if they have more ships. More ships >>> diplomacy.Balance is...nonexistant. Tech 0 lasers and tech 2 mass drivers are all you ever need, maybe gauss later. They aren't the best weapons in the game because you can use them to flank or do ninja flips and death from above the command center, they are the best weapons in the game because their stats are better than anything else you can research. Some traits are grossly overpowered - subterranean + more money per pop. The optiris have ships that are TWICE as large for the same CP cost as the vulfar.Ground invasions are 3rd wheel. What is a stripped down Xcom doing in my 4x? Ugly, simple, beyond mindless, pointless, click-fests that can be avoided at no cost by having one ship filled with nukes. Seriously, you'll need a ship with nukes and one trooper per fleet and that third of the game can be safely ignored.The bugs! Oh God the bugs! And I don't mean the hivers. Ranging from game-breaking (autoresolve with many losses) to devastating (can not scroll systems in leader-assign screen) to merely annoying (deployment area does not auto-size for fleet).Do Not Buy. Will update in 6 months if they fix stuff, it's gonna need at least that long. Unless the dev abandons it like he did his first game."
76561197961738344,Not Recommended,252450,15338147,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,steve,"I regret buying this.  I loved the first game.  It was so close to being perfect, but it had some very game breaking problems that I feel could have and should have been fixed.  Instead Zero left it broken and made this.This is quite obviously unfinished.  Lack of balance, basic UI bugs, crazy strong AI that loves to kill you a little too much and seems like it's cheating.  At the very least, I'd wait a month or two for some patches.Beyond the lack of polish, I feel, lies a game that is just inferior to the first.  The turn-based systems lack the amount of control that the real-time systems did.  For example, you can't reinforce your ships during combat, or position your forces around an enemy before attacking, or make any kind of hit and run moves.  Just seems like it loses a lot and gains little, which I think sums everything up perfectly.  Can't say i recommend it, and I wish I hadn't supported them."
76561198097855913,Not Recommended,252450,29894936,Posted: 13 February,all,lpe2009,It seems you made changes that force people to buy the upgrades. I cant even start my game any more. all it shows is buy buy buy the new DLC.
76561197971460894,Not Recommended,252450,15492612,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CD,"Disclaimer: This review focuses mostly on a comparison between StarDrive 1 and 2. If you're new to the series you can safely skip this text. A 'Tl;DR' summary can be found at the end of the review.I almost feel bad about giving this game a thumbs down. But since there is no ""it's just average"" option and I certainly can't go with a thumbs up, it'll have to do.StarDrive 1 with its free-flowing combat, RTS feeling and huge fleets was a nice change of pace. StarDrive 2 being turn-based came as a bit of a shock to me and took me out of the game almost instantly. On the other hand, if you're into more traditional 4X games you're probably fine with this change.Also gone are the huge fleets you could build in StarDrive 1. The number of ships is now (soft)capped by command points, which results in much smaller battles. But since even small and medium scale battles can have quite a severe impact on frame rate, this might not be a bad thing, at least not from a performance point of view. (I'm running an OC'ed i7 with two OC'ed GTX780s, not exactly a ""slow"" setup, but during battles the frame rate can drop to almost 0).Speaking of ships, there is now less variety - the smaller classes are mostly gone. So most races are down to four different classes, and again the Titans have no preset layout, so unless you don't supply the AI with your own layouts they won't build Titans (which further reduces the hull variety to three).Meanwhile, the ship editor has been reworked and streamlined: Similar weapons and components are now grouped together and you get nice diagrams showing you the range and damage output of each weapon. You can also set a default behaviour for each ship layout. Unfortunately you can no longer manually edit the firing arc of your turrets. Granted this was very fiddly in StarDrive 1 and I like the fact that the turrets default to either a bow or port/starboard firing arc. On the other hand, it would be nice to have the option to overwrite these default firing arcs. But all in all I think the ship editor has seen the most improvements compared to StarDrive 1, although you have less hulls (per race) to play with and all the remaining hulls (except for the two new races) are more or less directly copied from StarDrive 1.Speaking of ""copied from StarDrive 1"". A *lot* of stuff has been either directly copied from its predecessor or only slightly modified. Now I won't go on about this for too much, since as far as I'm aware these game were pretty much a one or two man operation... but I was still surprised by the amount of images, ships and weapons that were reused. I guess if you're new to StarDrive 2 then it doesn't really matter, but if you've played the original then there really isn't that much new content. (if we discount the fact that StarDrive 2 is turn-based it could almost be an addon for StarDrive 1 instead of a new game)Although, to be fair, there is now turn based ground combat (think of XCOM) which is kinda neat. But it doesn't feel fleshed out. Personally I would have kept ground combat the way it was in StarDrive 1 and focused development on other areas of the game. If I wanted in-depth turn-based squad combat I would play, well, XCOM. Luckily there is an auto-resolve option that lets you skip this part of the game.Talking about combat: space combat is of course still a big part of StarDrive 2, but you have to micromanage a lot more than in StarDrive 1 since there does not seem to any sort of ""attack-move"". Without input your ships will just sit at their spawn location. You have to manually assign targets because your ships won't automatically pick their own target (you can defince a ""typical behaviour"" in the ship editor but that only seems to affect the way the enemy AI is utilizing the ships).TL;DR:StarDrive 2 goes from RTS to turn-based. Fleet sizes seem to be severly limited due to a command point limit. Space combat is still in real time but you have to micromanage and babysit your ships a lot (which some people probably find appealing). A lot of the ingame art, ships and weapons have been lifted from StarDrive 1, and while the introduction of turn-based, XCOM-esque ground combat might set the game apart from other 4X games, I found it very tedious.On the plus side, the ship editor has been improved greatly and the game seems to be more stable (at least for me) than StarDrive 1.Again, I would give the game an average score if I could (but for now Steam is lacking this option). Overall I was hoping for a continuation of StarDrive 1 (think different hulls & weapons, new tech tree), but what I got was basically ""StarDrive 1 - the turn based edition""."
76561197995426074,Not Recommended,252450,16421361,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,calendyr,"Star Drive 2 looks like it would be a really good game.  Strong Master of Orion 2 resemblance and all.Unfortunatelly the developper believes that his customers are paying beta testers.  He realeases a game so buggy that it's almost unplayable.  Every aspect of the game from ground combat, planet capture, diplomacy, tech, UI, game balance  is buggy and/or flawed.To make matter worse, instead of working on fixes for those bugs, the dev is working on expansions for the game.  Dev never fixed the problem in Star Drive 1.  Seems like he decided to do the same in SD2.Just buy something else, this is a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,252450,21723858,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Zero,"I would like to start off saying I would have loved to love this game. I liked the original Stardrive, even though the developer left it unfinished and buggy,  only using the titles mangled corpse as a springboard for the sequel, Stardrive 2, leaving many of the games backers with nothing but an unfinished game and buyers remose. While the game is fun in it's current semingly incomplete state, it requires a beefy computer to even finish a campaign due to the massive fleet size. The game's AI is overly warlike and game itself is entirely riddled with bugs. All of this aside, what really pushes this review into the negative is the utter dissapointment I have for the developer after so many people gave them a second chance with Stardrive 2 after the failure and abandonment of Stardrive. Stardrive 2 is in a buggy and what feels like downright incomplete state. Instead of fixing the problems in the games, or adding better and more exciting content the developer has chosen to lock away these things behind a DLC paywall for the game, forcing any loyal fans to purchase the game a second time, or even third time if you wish to count the original Stardrive, to even continue receiving updates to it. This is very saddening as I had hoped the abandonment of the original Stardrive would be the last of the poor consumerism choises made by the developer of the Stardrive series, I am clearly mistaken."
76561198007452385,Not Recommended,252450,17254766,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Truly_xtreem,"So many good points, but let down by the finer details which ruin the game.TLDR - wait for the Moo remake due later on, you will end up frustrated by this game.I don't expect the AI to be as good as me, but if I select auto resolve I expect the AI to do a reasonalble job, example: I had 6 cruisers, the best I had, auto resolve and I lost all ships and took down 0 of theirs, reloaded the turn before and took control myself and I utterly stomped them, I did not even lose sheilds on 1 ship never mind lose 6, before people think I employed advanced tactics, I had rail guns, I did nothing, I issued no commands, default deployment and watched only and won hands down, WTF did the AI do to lose that? I can only assume it turned off all the guns and sat there and died slowly as there is no other method.The AI is scewed against the player, all random events attack them and not the other AI, in Moo2 for example the anteries attacked the strongest player, in this one they just attack the player, regardless of how well they are doing.The AI in general for other empires is heavily flawed, it boils down to, regardless of how powerfull you are: give us tribute or we will declare war to the point of our own death, even if you have 20 planets and a huge fleet, they have 1 ship and 1 planet they will still give diplomacy options as if roles were reversed.Many basic options of that of a 4x are missing.ground combat is a joke, I would have avoided it totally but if you don't then the same as space combat, you can win it with 0 losses, let the AI 'auto resolve' and you lose all your troops, shocking really.terrible UI whereas selecting planets and fleets can be a total nightmare, trying to click a fleet and taken to the planet menu is something you will be used to after playing a short time.As said soo many good things, the ship design is epic and great to play with, but the small botched ideas ruins the whole thing.Stay away, save your cash for a sale and get it for alot cheaper."
76561197992376468,Not Recommended,252450,33601850,Posted: 16 July,all,Pauli P,"I've read the mixed reviews about this game but I still decided to try this buying it from Steam summer sale. The game is basically a Moo2 copy (moo2 is  better) with a touch of imperium galactica 2 (real time battle) and ascendancy (ship building using modules). If you don't know what Moo is then this game is not for you.The beginning was all good and dandy, but then the bugs started creeping in. The worst was a bug that prevented creating new ship designs since all the sudden edit roster screen remained blank. Apparently the feature has been broken for at least a year without a fix. Luckily the panel started to work after awhile and game restart. So far I got some 15 hours to the game without other major bugs. Once one of my ship got stuck in limbo in interstellar space (couldn't take any orders) after I pressed ""cancel orders"" while the ship was moving to refit. The ship probably would have remained there forever unless I wouldn't have built listening post to that sector that somehow freed it. Some other bugs were related to graphical glitches. I have to keep the negative review up to this point since the game still feels its in beta. I read that some updates are eventually coming which might balance the game and fix some more bugs but at this point, I'd probably hold my purchases.""Shortly"" the negative and positive things:- game has balancing issues pacing, tech and AI wise- ship refitting is just nightmare (confusing UI, slow)- building ships using tiny square modules is fun at the beginning but at the end, you wish you just had a list of things to put- spacebattles are a bit meh, since there isn't much strategy you can use (pretty much you go forward and shoot). Also sfx, especially sound effects are poor- fleet management is painful at times since your fleet can be scattered around free coordinates (not starbound). Example: you think your fleet is protecting your planet with starbase when ""Antares"" attacks but its not since its few pixels off the planet coordinates -> you don't get your starbase into the battle- general lack of originality: everything is nicked from other 4x games- ridden with bugs that probably never gets fixed+ hey, its a decent Moo2 clone+ ship design micromanagement is fun at the beginning (lots of options)+ ion storm / nebula sectors are new inventions (?)+ pixel art is good+ some of the background music is good+ UI at least looks better than Moo3"
,Not Recommended,252450,25268536,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,FireFox21,"Well i came into this game following it from stardrive 1, i was expecting a good game, i see now that i wasted my money. What can i say about this game other then the fact that it is a damn freaking shame what this game is and what it was, with AI so broken that they can seemingly build massive fleets with no cost or concern meanwhile the player gets his/her♥♥♥♥♥reamed for going 10 or so command points over their cap. Even with the game set to easy i got crushed by an AI fleet more then 10 times the size of my best, and while i'm not a pro i would believe that i am atleast a decent strat gamer i enjoy a challange thats why i play start games but this, this is just♥♥♥♥♥♥with a sizeable pricetag pinned to it. i wish i had stopped and read the reviews first as i wouldn't have shelled out for the delux version if i realized that this game was a dungheep, and sadly i spent so long on my first two games trying to win if not simply survive that i'm not sure if i can refund it now"
76561198038518429,Not Recommended,252450,29577980,Posted: 29 January,all,SnowDragon,I've had a lot of fun when this game first came out but now its not so much fun. This game as TotalBiscuit said is not ready for market. It's clear that only the foundations are in the game and not much more.look at thishttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/85967807160271671/3F7DCD2B09FC62F952ADEE02AA6AB35C2D9A9675/243 Command points for the enemy team. I think I had around 35. Each planet provides around 4cp when maxed I belive and you start off with around 12. This is literally impossible. Command points are unit caps and apparently the AI doesn't have one. I'm not even sure if there are even enough planets for the player to do this.The game has been abandoned by the developer? How do I know? The DLC is free in and is enbaled by defualt in the vanilla game. Don't expect updates or simple easy to spot bugs like pink space mines to be fixed.ProsBuild your own shipsManage your own empireCons (short version)Everyone wants to declare war on you so forget the empire managementSpies stealing technology from you constantly. Sometimes I get 3-4 stolen technologies in a row.Can't disable the auto resolve for ground combat (Used to be playable.) and if you can its hidden.How can a game have so many bugs in areas you don't expect?
,Not Recommended,252450,18009601,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Deniecu,"I spent a lot of time playing the original Stardrive and I loved it. Although a few hours in it's very obvious that it's not a finished game. I had oversight with that because of two facts, the game is simply great from a 4x point of view (though somewhat lacking in the diplomacy departmeant), and it was developed by one guy. Stardrive 1 captured my interest with a non-turn based system, it's wonderful shipdesigner where you can put modules pretty much anywhere in your ships making them, essentially, your design. The tech tree was wonderful and the empire managemeant was comprehensive.Stardrive 2 threw out the ship designer, the non-turn based system, the meat and potatoes of the game in my opinion. In place they put in a turn based system and a dumbed down version of the ship designer. The diplomacy has been improved but at a fatal cost, at least to me. The ground combat is somehow worse than the first game and the battles now take place in a seperate scenario where when you encounter enemy fleets load into a combat screen where you duke things out in real time. This eliminates the dynamic open world combat with on the spot micro, retreating somewhat easily, reinforcing with ships on the way or being built mid fight. It results in a game which boils down to biggest highest tech fleet wins the game. I bought StarDrive 2 hoping it would beat the odds again only to be met with a turnbased, dumbed down StarDrive 1.Now when I want to play a 4x space empire game, I play StarDrive 1, because to me, it's simply better."
76561197986202594,Not Recommended,252450,31254657,Posted: 20 April,all,Grumphy,"Could have been great if developer had actually finished it.As it stands it's too unstable, too buggy and too unpolished to be fun in the long run."
,Not Recommended,252450,15354562,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Nossie,"Let me just say I do not like to giva bad ratings, ever, but I have to here.This game is hopefully getting patched along the way, but my initial and honest opinion is that the game feels 89 percent finished.When engaging ground attacks, you can fire through the walls, and you can be trapped in a never-ending turn going (it was my own fault for placing shields to block myself in. The shield will never dissappear untill destroyed -by enemies only.)The space battle ui is hard to use, as you mostly cannot enable the specials of the ships in a group -you have to select each ship one-by-one, and enable. Also, the game at simple gfx setting is hakking, and also a bit lagging when going on a large scale battle, I think I counted 16vs20 ships.I might be doing something wrong, and have no experience with the game, but as a former MOO fan, I wanted to try out this game.The game is fun, ofc, but it simply doesn't feel worthy the high pricetag.If on a large sale, sure.I am sorry for not recommending the game, but it is too much of a price for a game which seems unpolished, indie or not."
,Not Recommended,252450,15918889,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,FadingCeiling,"Unfinished, unpolished, unoptimized and unbalanced.After 40 hours or so of playing that is my conclusion. Now let me explain some of the reasons why I honestly cannot recommend StarDrive 2 at this moment (version 1.1).When building something with the construction ships (Listening posts, subspace projectors or fueling stations) they CANNOT be destroyed. I mean not even by you.You will notice how irritating this is when you accidentally click the construct icon when the ship is on top of your planet. If you try building ""space highways"" with the projectors you can goof it up so bad that your ships can get stuck in an eternal loop when it's trying to reach it's destination. Basically what happens the projector accelerates your fleet to high speed, it shoots past it's target (for example a planet), turns around and repeats. Yes I have had this happen, more than once. Also path finding IGNORES subspace projectors completely so basically they're completely useless and a broken concept.Ship modules and their descriptions (What they actually do and what other modules they affect) are vague to the point that I had to dig through the game files to find out what weapons were point defense weapons (prioritize incoming ordnance over enemy ships).No auto build option for colonies (After you reach a certain point of colonies this becomes TEDIOUS).Unique leaders where some can engage in space and/or ground combat. Sadly for space combat their ships become outdated really quick and no way to update/upgrade them. Not even the modules in them like armor.Ground combat is a joke. It's a huge chess board with absolutely NO tactics involved. There are some weapons, some protective items and some utility items. You can select 3 of them for your ground unit. Guess can you create a ""default"" item set for new ground troops? Nope. The whole ground combat part seems more like an afterthought to try and get more sales.AI is, in pretty much every aspect, an idiot. Yeah it keeps spamming my 12 battleship blockade fleet with around 15-25 ships consisting of corvettes, frigates and cruisers.Race customization options aren't really that diverse (Pales in comparison to Master of Orion 2).AI ships designs are a joke. My latest discovery was a design where the ships had 3 ECM jammers, heavy armor at the front but no weapons. What does the AI do with that ship. It retreats right after the start of a space battle. And when there can be over 10 of those ships in the enemy fleet... well just picture a facepalm and you I'm sure you get my meaning. This is yet another glaring show how little the developer actually puts effort in the game.Space battles eventually turn into lagfests. Picture the enemy might have 30-50 corvettes or frigates. Each of those ships can have several rockets/missile launchers firing a rocket/missile every few seconds. Now please answer the question below.Does the above mentioned rocket/missile spam lag the *BEEP* out of the battle no matter what hardware you're running?[ ]YES[ ]NOGood you answered correctly.It does not matter what your computer specs are. In the end battles will become slideshows and turns start to take more and more time. If you think Civilization V end game turns took long, compare them to this and re-evaluate. That is if you want to waste your money on this game.What I mentioned are just some of the things that came into my mind while writing this review. It's not a complete list and hardly even a partial list of what's wrong with StarDrive 2. I have played StarDrive 1 and I liked it. I really wanted to like StarDrive 2 but the more I play it the more annoyed I get with the multitude of irritating things in the game.There are a lot of problems in the game currently and I do not believe that the developer can, has enough time or interest to sort things out. In reality the only hope for this game is proper modding support. The community might be able to salvage what's salvageable in the game if the modding support is extensive enough to be able to change and tweak all aspects of the game. Currently it is a very limited amount of things that can be modded.If you can get this game for a real good price (5 euros or under) then grab it. For 5 euros or so it's enough entertainment. I really cannot recommend paying full asking price for this game in this state."
76561198044716135,Not Recommended,252450,21782457,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nezerin,"After a few hours of play through I have to say that the game has a ton of potential. That potential, at least without the expansion (which I haven't purchased) is not realized. If you are a fan of Master's of Orion 2 you'll feel right at home. The graphics are obviously better and the combat has been reworked, but otherwise the races have been borrowed from heavily and the technology tree is nearly copied in its entirety. All of this wouldn't be an issue were it not for the staggering amount of bugs that are still present in the game. I've not managed to get even a single play through to last more than an hour or two without running into a bug that causes the game to lock up. These are issues that are being caused by normal game play and I, like other reviewers, am amazed that they never game up in beta testing. In fact, they make the whole game feel like it is an early release as opposed to a fully completed product. Hopefully they will continue to work on fixing the bugs, but until then I wouldn't pick the game up unless it's massively on sale."
76561198072081426,Not Recommended,252450,26585112,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,cheerkin,"Today my epic game was inevitably screwed by message about Star Killer pyrmid destroying some distant star. Message cant be closed. Reloading didn't help, the only option is to start a new game.And this kind of stuff happens after literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ing 2 years after release.Some ppl often use phrases like ""game breaking"", ""unplayable"", but most of the time they exaggerate. This is not the case, this game can and will be literally unplayable from time to time, depending on your luck.Too bad the dev just cant put his sНiт together for ages, this game could have been a real gem."
76561198025725943,Not Recommended,252450,15745368,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Eliteempire,"So i won't lie, I owned the first Stardrive 1 and the guy bailed. It sucked but the game was okay ish. This second one is an improvement to SOME degrees.1. The game isn't ready for public release. I've ran into WAY too many damn bugs that haven't been fixed sense release2. AI still expands into my worlds and systems even without open boarders and other things -supposedly fixed btw-3. I'm unable too match an empire 1/4 my size even with a stedy income and basic ships i haven't even touched or built myself.4. Its too damn much money for non pre-owning Stardrive peopleI'd recommand sitting on this one for atleast a year folks, too see if Zero bails on us -again- or if he can actually get off his lazy♥♥♥♥♥and fix♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198185539566,Not Recommended,252450,24685259,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tim Stryker,I HAVE TO CALL BS ON THIS.  Ive bought this game & have been following it for a long time.  Waiting a looooooooooooooooooooooong time to see it in a finished state so I can actualy invest my time for a WORTHY game & enjoy it.  It seems the Dev DID NOT put enough time into this game as he should have.  Instead sitting back for a while & then starts working on DLC to make more $$$ for an unfinished game & letting the paying customers do all the rest of the work & then being kind enough to introduce a community patch to the game.  All the while working on a different game...This Dev seems to never finish what he starts.  I was a supporteer of him in the begining...I chose to ignore the mountains of negative personal remarks about the dev along the way regarding Star Drive 1 & I decided to give him a chance & benefit of the doubt.  It seems I was wrong to do so......
76561198024204209,Not Recommended,252450,29307272,Posted: 16 January,all,WALLY,Avoid this gameIt has been abandoned by its developer
,Not Recommended,252450,24395295,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Langrisser,"While the game is still reasonaly fun the amount of game breaking bug like  getting infinitely stuck loading the end of a turn or endless space battles makes this game a pass. Maybe the DLC that reworks the game fixes some of this but I'd rather not gamble more money on this game. The game also has lots of other inconsistencies that are annoying like enemy ships going from heavly damage in the world map to suddenly fully repaired when combat starts, auto combat acting horribly and ground combat that's just a slog."
76561197989043812,Not Recommended,252450,15292228,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Brofisticus,"As of today, the game is impossible for me to progress in. As soon as you encounter any other force, they instantly bleed you for income and technology. Your own infrastructure tears itself apart as it becomes impossible to advance in any way (expand to other planets, tech up, etc.) and every game currently follows a set pattern no matter what difficulty or encounter sliders you have set. ""Random"" wormholes will constantly expel progressively larger fleets (pirates, ancients, or other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI) that will repeatedly destroy whatever ships or bases you have. I even tried it on the easiest setting and put the sliders to a level that should have made extraterrestrial contact about as likely as present day. The set pattern was still followed. Around year 22, I was destroyed. Again. Exactly the same way as if I put 8 opponents on a 5 system map. ♥♥♥♥ this game in the present state.May 1st update:Minor improvements have been made. Piratical raiders are now optional. Normal AI factions are still homocidal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that declare war without provocation (even the ""diplomatic"" faction). Still get murdered by colossal fleets (that dont appear to have an effect on their economy) with missile spam that slows down my beast of a machine around the same year on the easiest difficulty. The AI still cheats. Once again, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198019903369,Recommended,252450,15313075,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Xelanthol,"I see quite a few negative reviews on here talking about the difficulty of the game, so I'll share my point of view on that. So far I've played a number of games over 11 hours (normal) and have lost every single one. You know what though? I get a little bit better every time, and I know I'm getting close to winning. The first time I conquer the galaxy I will feel like I earned it. The AI doesn't cheat, it's not entirely ruthless towards you as long as you dont take the repulsive trait because you want the easy 4 points.People get upset because they lose. The fun is in the challenge of rising to the top. I think it's quite fitting that the first few times you try to conquer the galaxy you get slapped around.It's a game that takes practice, turn it on to easy if you are struggling and make sure you understand the mechanics of the game.  There is a tutorial which lots of people ignore and several help sections in the game. Some mechanics are a little obscure, for example how your empire generates galactic credits beyond population is not explained very well.  However, there is an insane amount of tooltips explaining anything you mouse over which makes it really easy to find information.Combat is really fun, though the fact that the default ships are designed incredibly efficiently probably contributes to the difficulty new players are having.  However you can easily see the default layouts (which again are quite good) and can work on designing your ship from there. There are a few performance issues with large scale battles, but I hope to see them ironed out in the future. There are a large variety of weapons and options for those weapons, as well as support systems so you can design ships any way you like them. It also looks pretty damn good too. I hope to see more activatable abilities in the future, but right now space combat is a solid tactical experience.The economy is good. It's really irritating that people are complaining about the map size, because I can't imagine playing on something like a 150 system map. There would be too much to do. I think a few people loaded the game and said ""what, 70 stars default?"" without understanding the depth of the economy. You'll be really busy managing your empire with even a few systems. You can specialize your planets and they also develop over time, gaining unique traits depending on what you do with them. High research planets attract universities, big farming planets will eventually attract a farmers market, etc.There is more I could go on about but overall I'm happy with my purchase. I'm excited to see a few balance passes over the next few weaks, but other then that it is already a solid experience."
76561197962554783,Not Recommended,252450,35338897,Posted: 30 September,all,TEMPEST,"GREAT POTENTIAL, no longer being developed.   Super Sad Face"
76561197993065396,Not Recommended,252450,25661216,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,venusius,"Took me a long time to write a review. Completely differs from StarDrive 1. Uses turn-base strategy system in some of the aspects of the game like ground combat, etc. I finished this game, barely. It can be overwhelming as the AI is stacked against you but it can be done. That being said, I am not too fond of this sequel with its features. The ground combat is crap and tedious, they should get rid of it or replace it with a different system. They should also go back to the old StarDrive space combat system as it was the main feature that (to me at least) what made StarDrive 1 great! I don't recommend this game at full price, get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,252450,22142095,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/1nciLive,"I will not be playing this expansion as the core issues that make the game unplayable for me have not been adressed.Ships have ridiculous balance. A vulfar fleet of 6 ships gets easily outgunned by two pollop cruisers. Even two vulfar battlecruisers will lose to two pollop cruisers. You can imagine that when the NPCs are these races, the vulfar will ALWAYS LOSE. ALWAYS. The Ralyeh Titan ship is smaller and less utilizable than their battlecruiser. What. The Kulrathi are actually decently balanced, HUGE but not usable for proper artillery guns and they're slow, so if you can pick them off before they reach you that's a great strategy. Bring flak against their fighter spam, I like how that race plays out. The Humans have small ships, and early on do not have the money to keep them. Not really a ship issue, but they've got issues with them and are easily halted to a stop early on. The Draylok are another all-right race, their ships are decently sized beyond their frigates. The Codrazine dew the shortest straws together with the vulfar, their slots are insanely hard to utilize and their titan is tiny. The Chukk are basically a better vulfar. They scale decently in the game and their titan is quite big (even though it's not exactly very usable) and their early frigates in a player's hands can hold off early fleets. As an NPC however, they are incredibly aggressive with♥♥♥♥♥♥ships so they're usually a joke. The Opteris are also really insane. Everything is very square so lots of usable space, their frigates can fit like six large cannons or five fighter bays iirc, have tons of port side capability for close combat and are quite fast, same goes for all of their ships really.So basically, the Opteris and Pollop are insane, the Kulrathi are close, and the rest are always doing incredibly bad and in a player's hand (Besides the draylok, they're usable if you abuse mechanics) give you a really big disadvantage.Untill this is addressed, I will not recommend it to ANYONE. You'll love the game initially, until you realise that only three races are playable without severe disadvantage on any real difficulty without abusing mechanics.. Purely from a combat perspective. This makes every game you play exactly the same with three races doing alright, one being a diplomatic switzerland sitting quietly in their part of the universe and a few pirate races that are the laughing stock of the universe. Randomizing anything including traits only ♥♥♥♥s up the balance even more and regardless of what you do, a mid game pollop fleet will win any battle with a much larger vulfar fleet without any casualties.EDIT: the new DLC doesn't change anything to address this."
,Not Recommended,252450,32734874,Posted: 24 June,all,mvm900,It's been a year since the last patch and I've still got common bugs. Some just ugly like spaceship models that mess up and some gamebreaking like a loading screen stuck at 100%. Maybe if they ever update the game again it'll be worth it. Or on sale
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,252450,15965121,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Darkside99x,Fun for a while but ironically lacks options the first game had and is constantly being tweaked by the dev to how he wants it to play rather than the players.1x maybe a 2x at best certainly not a 4x.
76561197962335442,Recommended,252450,15288652,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Propain,"I just finished watching a live stream of the dev playing the game and learned a lot from it. I still have my reservations about the game, however Zero is patching the game to address some of the concerns I've had about difficulty.Truth is if you play the game 'smart', you can win. Having said that, I tend to turtle. I like games with a slow burn to them. I don't like getting into wars very early. Maybe that's where my frustration comes from. I would still like to be able to refine AI behaviors much more and tune them to my preferences and hopefully we'll see the implementation of that.Regardless, Zero seems to really care about the game and the community. I believe he'll do everything he can to make it fun for everyone. Those that want an easier game, will probably get it, and those that want the challenge, definitely already have it.Bottom line is, the game is worth it. I don't want to turn anyone away from this with an overly negative review. My original review had nothing good to say about the game and that's very very wrong, the game is worth the price tag and definitely worth your time.Previously published negative review:There are a great many things to like about StarDrive 2 but unfortunately the incredibly unfair and difficult AI outshine anything good this game currently has to offer.The main problem comes from the fact that the AI seem to be able to 'cheat'. They always have these impossibly massive fleets that more than out match yours regardless of how advanced your race is. Diplomacy is laughable. It's always completely one sided, the AI will make you an offer but will almost always reject your counter offer even though it's more than a fair trade. If you refuse to trade with them on account of you getting a terrible deal out of it, be prepared for them to invade you almost immediately.The problem is two-fold because the difficulty setting does NOTHING for the AI difficulty. The only thing it does is change how hard diplomacy is. Because of this the difficulty setting might as well not even be there. Even if you are able to get a race on your good side, and you give them everything they ask for and more, they will inevitably declare war on you for seemingly no reason and they will always win that war because they're somehow able to match your forces 3 - 1 or more.This is not even taking into account the amount of 'random' enemies that spawn very early into the game and destroy any progress you make. They never stop. You can't destroy their bases because you aren't given enough time inbetween each attack to amass a fleet large enough to destroy them. The worst is when your main fleet is blown to bits and they go after your freighters. You can't defend your freighters because an enemy engagement with them is an automatic combat failure. They're just destroyed. So your colonies starve and die out. If you create more, the AI that's camping your home world will just immediately destroy it. You can't send reinforcements because the game forces you into a combat screen with no way to send more ships to help.This is a huge problem because your fleet could be RIGHT NEXT to your home world but the attacking fleet manages to get in just right so the only thing fighting on your side is the orbital station around your world. So you just have to let them destroy it while you sit there unable to do anything about it.The combat 'fun factor' suffers for me because if they decide to attack my lone scout vessel two feet away from my main fleet, I have no choice but to waste a good 30 seconds entering combat and making it retreat when it would be so much better if I could just have my main fleet join the battle.In short, the current state of this game is frustrating. The negatives I mentioned here would be completely manageable if not for the freaking AI steamrolling you 10 minutes into the game."
76561198089842657,Not Recommended,252450,30630325,Posted: 19 March,all,criston_manasan,"I bought the game and the DLC when they first came out. I also played the original Stardrive which, by the way, was abandoned by the developer because the technology behind that game was supposedly hindering the game's development. Alright, fair enough. I've been waiting for over a year now before giving my recommendation and here it is: don't buy this game.Let me elaborate a bit.I was eagerly anticipating Stardrive 2 when the developer first announced it. The game looked and felt fresh and seemed to be the game that will scratch that space 4X itch. The battles looked good with sufficient-enough depth and scope, there are interesting events happening throughout the galaxy, and the way the turns worked was also fresh. The user interface looked neat and the different AI races seemed interesting enough to warrant unlimited playthroughs.Playing Stardrive 2 for the first time is like a dream. Designing your ships is fun, managing your colonies is fun, meeting the alien races is fun, going to battle is fun etc. I won't deny that for the first dozen hours or so, I've enjoyed my time with the game. Even the humor is well-placed.Alas, after this honeymoon phase ends, you'll quickly get over the infatuation once you encounter all the bugs and the overall lack of polish, content and depth. Most noticeable is the game's lack of depth in terms of diplomacy and victory conditions. Sadly, after a while even the battles (which is the game's main strength) become boring and laggy.It has most of the basic trappings of a 4x game... but many of these features feel tacked-on and underdeveloped. Take for instance the ability to customize your race  (ie. you can be sacrificers, slavers and others).  There are interesting choices there, but they are very limited. Another is the ability to customize your troops for special missions. This can be interesting and fun sometimes, however this part of the game is underdeveloped and limited. There are occasional special units and minor races, but these too are underdeveloped. By the 5th playthrough you've seen all the content the game has to offer.The foundations for a great game are here. The IDEAs are there, sadly they weren't fleshed out. The game needed more time to develop and grow, but it was rushed out and, just like Stardrive 1, ultimately abandoned.Avoid this game. In fact, avoid Zerosum games altogether."
76561197992819165,Not Recommended,252450,29871389,Posted: 12 February,all,sylverlokk,"I like several of the concepts in this game but it is buggy as all heck. The bug where you get stuck on the screen ordering your ships but no order ship box shows, the bug where randomly you suddenly cannot produce anything. Also it appears to be abandonware at this point and has some serious UI issues. I really wanted to like the game and put a lot of time into it, but it just got so frustrating."
76561198035903601,Not Recommended,252450,19223740,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,rctastegr8,"I don't write many reviews but I would think this game warrents one. Lets do a short list shall we.Pros: The game is fun, classic space empire gameChallenging AIGreat research systemLots of options and explainations for map generationReplayabilityCons: Buggy, extreemly. I play games in Aplha with far less bugsClunky at times, but mostly due to bugsTerrible diplomacy systemI try really hard to be generous, but i paid for a full, complete game, and the amount of bugs that are in here just make the game unplayable at times. Buy the game on sale and hope the bugs get fixed or pass."
76561197961424031,Not Recommended,252450,23246714,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Jammy,"dull, repetitive, awkward, oh and the AI are ALWAYS massively ahead of you in economy, military and tech..... so many 4x space games trump this, no point wasting your cash on this....."
,Not Recommended,252450,24041073,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nia,"i played this game for awhile, and at the beginning it was fun. that is, untill i ran into the bugs. like the game sticking on 'end turn' around 800+, ending my game.or hostiles attack my home planet so i send my fleet and it gets counted as a merchant fleet and is instantly destroyed, ending the game.and those aren't even the most urking of the problems. the worst problem is when i select a custom profile, edit and save, and it saves as the race's default. which is really stupid, cause i cant even edit my custom profiles for races, and i cant revert the race profiles to origional.4/10 untill these bugs get fixed."
76561198018904287,Not Recommended,252450,29130597,Posted: 8 January,all,Magna Sun,"I played this game a lot when it originally came out and it was mostly fun then. While I think the sectors implementation is cool and useful, the AI is just game-breakingly bad. It cheats, cheats, cheats.Ship production limits? Better stay in them as a human. AI player? Go ahead and have 60 ships when I have 7 (I'm not exaggerating). Can't settle planets in other civ's sphere of influence? Cool. If you're AI, go ahead, there's no penalties. Oh and expect a demand for tribute every 17 seconds.I really wanted to like this game but it was only gotten worse as time has gone on."
76561198006483209,Not Recommended,252450,25454288,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Chimpo / Chimpo#1956,"This was too comlicated for me. I don't want to design every one of my ships, control the trade between my planets and fight every ground battle turn by turn. I ended up turning on so many of the AI controls that the game mostly played itself.I found that a simpler 4X game like Master of Orion was more my cup of tea. I can chose which weapons or modules my ships equip (if i want to) but i don't have to position every piece of hull armor etc.I know some people will appreciate this ""in depth"" 4X game but i found the micromanaging to be tedious. More so the more planets you colonize.If you like micro-managing this is probably for you.If you don't, or this is your first 4X game, try something else."
,Not Recommended,252450,15904532,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,shrike101a,"As a long time fan of Master of Orion 2, this game at first seemed to scratch an itch.  So many 4x games try and fail, this one seems to be great at the beginning then totally falls apart.  A nice ship design system, an okay tech tree and interesting racial options.  Where it falls apart is in its AI, it knows where everything is, and doesn't even try to hide it.  That one planet at the back of your nation that has never been scouted, the one without a star base, yup every enemy you have will attack it again and again and again.  Combine that with the ability for the AI to build huge fleets in a handful of turns, and sneak them around, and the inability to intercept said fleets because they go right past yours without combat, it totally ruins the experence.  I like the front end changes of this game vs moo2, but the depth just isn't there."
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,252450,16427197,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,I spent a lot of time looking forward to play this game. It's a shame that it did not live up to my expectations. It's too simplistic and there is not enough depth. Many of the game mechanics also feel either incomplete or even broken. It's a shame because this game looked really good in previews.
,Not Recommended,252450,23975840,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Phoenix-D,"Like Stardrive 1, lots of potential left unfinished and abandoned.The first thing you see when you start it up? An ad for the DLC advertisting a better UI. Come on. The occasional change in the ad text subliminal style was just the WTF cherry on top."
,Not Recommended,252450,16375593,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Crab Slayer,"I'm a huge fan of Masters of Orion 1, 2 and I liked what StarDrive 1 was trying to do.  Thats why I  bought this game despite StarDrive 1 never being finished.  That being said, StarDrive 2 is a mess in its current state.  The AI is lousy, and seems to get crazy advantages over you to try to give a challange.   Diplomacy is just about usless as everyone turns no matter what you do.  And out of the four games I have started I havent been able to finish a single game do to game stopping bugs."
76561197963723622,Not Recommended,252450,15999720,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,left hand,"Has some bad bugs like after you conquer everything the game just kept going.Also, once I was invaded and ended up controlling the invaders instead of my forces.And it seems to have no end.  I conquered all of the other races and defeated the masters and nothings happens now."
76561198027294980,Not Recommended,252450,15367998,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DSx,"StarDrive 2 is a complete rip off of Master of Orion 2 without any of the good and all the bad.A lot of people on here are writing reviews either praising the game or telling you it is too difficult. I doubt anyone praising it has actually beaten it or plays many 4X titles. I could write a long list about why you should avoid this game, but I will keep it short. Here is the breakdown:1. There is no ending. A silent video is all you have to indicate you have won the match. The game will continue even once finished. You have to exit to the main menu, quit to desktop, or keep playing.2. Conquest is your only victory condition. You cannot have allies, so there is no diplomatic option.2. The UI is a direct copy from MoO2 in every way. Managing colonies at the late game is tedious, and will take up almost all of your time unless you ignore them.3. The AI is terrible. If you need proof, go read any of the other 500+ reviews telling you it is terrible.4. Diplomacy is pointless. The AI will only use diplomacy to threaten you. Once again, you cannot have allies.5. The ground combat is terrible. It is similar to XCOM in style, but is devoid of any strategy. There is no cover, and only a few weapons / items in the entire game. You take over entire planets with small squads of marines.6. The game is too quiet. The only sound is the music (which is very lackluster especially in combat), and basic UI / combat sound Fx. There are no voice overs except for the tutorial. It truly feels desolate and without character.There are a multitude of other issues, but I will not burden you with them. The end all be all is that the game is not what it should be. Your play experience will not be good, and when you finally beat a match you will be extremely disappointed by the ending assuming you survived the boredom of the late game."
,Recommended,252450,21721864,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Doomwarrior,"Now that is how i would have imagined a reskinned and reinvented moo2 with not too much weird♥♥♥♥♥♥but some nice innovations.What have we got:Turn based Grand strategy: checkBasically same techtree logic and technologies: checkHeroes: checkFleets and Command Points: checkNo freakin star lanes: checkMonsters and other threats: checkWeird GNN stuff: checkTons of buildings: checkEmpire Wide food Share: checkFreighters to transport troops, food or citizen: checkCustomizable Ships: checkHighly tactical battles: checkLots of fun and some nice background story: checkEspionage: checkTrade and Diplomacy: checkOn the other hand:Turn based battles: nope! (But their solution is cool too)Well i can´t really tell why so many people dislike the game. Really can´t. I dont have bugs, it doesnt crash, it is smooth and fast and fun. The Background story is weird in a very good fun way. Had myself chuckle quiet often at the subtle humor of the game.Im looking forward to more, i can see myself wasting tons and tons of time with this.TLDR;You like Moo2? Get it!You like 4x Space Games... hell yeah get it!4X Space Games need to have Turn based battles: dont get it! or watch some Lets play first...All i can say, so far i love it.After 30 hrs Playtime edit:So now i have been playing for 30 hrs instead of 3 with the initial Review.I stand by my recommondation. The Game is fun. It is a nice Master of Orion 2 Clone with nice graphics, subtle humour, some balance issues and many bugs to be fixed.BUT: Zero, the developer is fixing like no tomorrow. There have been at least 5 hotfixes while i was playing during the last two days. Many bugs i found got fixed at the same day.Very impressed with the developer so far.Here is a lil enhanced list of pro and con:Pro:Nice Gameplay, well done UIGood Sounds and MusicCloser to Moo2 than any other 4X space Game out thereTactical Battles are freakin fun, seriously, the one thing many would cry out since its not turn based...it is really good.Interessting ""Story"" (GNN Style, Quests, Heros with their own quests etc.)Nice Groundbattles during Quests XCom light style.Leaders take part in Ground and Spacebattles and die :)Technology makes your ships stronger, lighter, better in all the right ways, you always want more more more :)Just another turn feeling...gosh i wasted so much time with this already the last two days...my girlfriend is gonna murder me soon i bet :-DConsMy Girl is sonn gonna murder me because of this ;-)AI is not really aggressive, not a Game for masochists like me. You want it hard? Try a mod or maybe go play something else.I still have hopes for AI improvement patches though.Balancing is a bit off and hard to tell how effective a combo actually isUI is sometimes not really helpful, most cases its nice but in some its just...not yet done it seemsMany smaller and bigger issues, i feel i have to tell that but many of them are already on Zeros list of fixes or are already fixed.Needs a bit more time to ripe...to be perfectTLDR;Game is enjoyable in its current state. You love Moo2? Get it!The first 1-2 Games are tremendously enjoyable.If you are up for a challenge, look somewhere else ;-)"
,Not Recommended,252450,25435635,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,tesarta,"I really wanted to love this game. I tried so hard. But at the end of the day it's just such a slog, so limited in its options in the early game, that I can't stand to play it for more than 30 minutes before giving up. Not in frustration, but in boredom. Colonizing even a single planet is such a painful experience of staring at a screen and clicking the spacebar that I eventually came to dread even taking my first turn."
,Recommended,252450,15531318,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,GretelMK2,"Gotta start with this: This game is amazing.  If you like RTS/4x/Space you will like this.  Battles are RTS, rest of game is turn based.  Customization of your spaceships is the best part.  Well worth the price.But read on cause it's not all good.  This game has bugs.  Lots of them, way too many for a release.  Save often cause it crashes.  Occasionally you may control your opponent's army in a fight.  Sometimes units will start a battle with 0HP.  Beating the game doesn't always trigger the victory screen (In fact I only got it to happen once).  The events in the game are few and get old fast, but they aren't required to play.The UI needs work, the races need balence, the bugs need fixing and the only victory condition is poorly thought out.  But the core is great and the game is fun and addicting.  I'm done playing for now as it's getting old but if Zero ever fixes these things I'll be back building spaceships the next day.DLC Edit:Many of my inital complaints have been fixed.  Lots of good rebalencing.  Got me to spend another 20-30 hours on it."
,Not Recommended,252450,17833004,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Zanteogo,"Stardrive 2 is a game trying to be a modern Master Of Orion 2. It was successful in some areas, but failed in others.To be fair, I did get some enjoyment out of this game. The space battles are fun as well as ship building. Most of the time in the first 100 turns you can find some enjoyment.However, the game falls apart in many other areas. Though it has been improved a bunch since release, diplomacy is still lacking. Espionage is flawed and annoying. The late game drag is horrible. More so than most 4X games.I had hopped the developer of this game would fix this ""almost ok"" game into a ""great"" game. At first it seemed like he was, however, after a bunch of disappearances, and some hostile and to be honest strange behavior, it seems we will be lucky to get even a simple bug fix from this point on from him.To summarize, if you are really into space 4X games and have a bunch of extra cash to burn you may want to give this one a look. If not there are other similar games that do this better with others coming out."
,Not Recommended,252450,22587608,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,WiseWarrior,"Bugs with command points require restarts or game over as 1 turn will net you -10k cash. Auto-combat results in AI victory unless you have overwhelming advantage yet same battle can be won without losses manually. Terrible Spy warfare results in endless pop ups on the right every turn; you stop their spies and they suffer no negative dipo score, yours get found and you lose massive dipo score with them for 300 turns. AI will non-stop every turn send spies...Random Events were interesting at the start until them suddenly become over powered. So much so I have played 5 worlds and have finally had enough.As this game is already released. Avoid. As I don't see these problems being fixed.*EDITED*""pop ups on the left every turn;""became""pop ups on the right every turn;"""
76561198059676196,Not Recommended,252450,30115953,Posted: 23 February,all,TheCableGuy,"When the game first came out, it was fantastic, beautifully done, a little buggy but you overlooked it easily because of the vastness of the battles at hand. Then along came the DLC and some wierd hexagonal universe layout.12 months ago, thumbs up, one of the best games around.12 minutes ago, dont waste your money.I do believe there is no one at the helm of this game anymore."
76561197984958520,Not Recommended,252450,16220197,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,warwth,Actually i like the idea of this game. But it still in beta and seems to be abandoned by creator.
,Not Recommended,252450,34974618,Posted: 15 September,all,Der Kaiser,"When i bought StarDrive 2 and tried it out it fixed a lot of the problems that were in the orginal stardrive. But the one thing i had a massive problem with was is how you construct your ships it seemed you had a massive amount of space no longer available unlike the original StarDrive which gave you the entire ship to play with. While StarDrive 2 now splits the ships into sections during construction that you can, if i remember correctly, only put certain weapons in and this makes the ship feel 'small'.i dont hate the game, but i dont exactly like it."
76561198035013774,Not Recommended,252450,28483521,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,R0N1N,".....HERE USED TO SIT A GOOD REVIEW.....DO NOT BUY THIS, YOU'LL NEVER FINISH A SINGLE GAME.When I first got this game I was excited.  The GUI is streamlined, the jump is like that of CIV4 to CIV5.  I even wrote a good review...  then I got deep into a game.  In the nearly 130 hours I played this game, I started 5 or 6 games and couldn't finish even one.  Every time you run into some game-breaking bug that kills everything.Broken wormholes, Starbases that don't work, strange planetary assault bugs that lock up the whole game, there's so many I can't even remember all the game-breaking glitches I encountered.  Even save-scumming to try to work past the incomplete programming, I was unable to complete a single game.Exremely disappointed."
76561198044961222,Not Recommended,252450,21150303,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Alex_Caradog,"Another Stardrive title from Zero Sum, if anyone ever read my review on the previous title, I actually went ahead and recommended it but was after years without fixes forced to review my stance.Again, I enjoy the game but it isn't finished - it really has a few game breaking bugs that just ruin the enjoyment and there's no sight of them being fixed.A quick Google search of most the bugs I was experiencing showed them being reported (with videos) with no replies toward fixing themI overlooked the Stardrive forums fiasco and went ahead with buying Stardrive 2 on the hopes that the previous title would be a different venture, hoping the developer had learned from prior mistakes. This is unfortunately not the case and there's an expansion on the horizon before the base game is finished to complete functionality..."
76561198000400788,Recommended,252450,15332503,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Cryptc,"The most addictive 4X game I've played since Master of Orion 2.  The shipbuilding is amazing, and the space battles are absolutely beautiful.  It has many different minigames, including unique missions and research, giving plenty of interesting choices along the way.Only minor problem I have with it is that the ground combat is a bit wonky to see what you're doing and control properly, and doesn't quite live up to the rest of the game in terms of how it looks.  Also, the unique missions seem to be pretty few in number, since I tend to get the same 2-3 ones every game I start, but this will hopefully be addressed with mods/dlc in future.Well worth the money, this game is tonnes of fun."
76561198018498647,Not Recommended,252450,21202776,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,AVHayek,"Gameplay in StarDrive 2 is too forced into a style that the developer wants instead of a style that I would like to play the game.If after a certian number of turns you have not made contact with any other players then a wormhole spawns between your homeworld and another players homworld. This often results in an AI fleet invading my homeworld is short order. The developer has responded saying that this is a feature designed to prevent turtling. My take is that if I want to turtle I should be able to do so!I would still like to turtle so I make contact with another player, but maintain peacefull/minimal releations with them. After a while I get a notice that my citizens are wanting to go to war with the AI player. Since Im just starting to build a navy I decide against it. A few turns later a large fleet of 'rebels' bent on going to war show up at my homworld to change the government. My fleet of now 2 ships gets steamrolled by the rebel fleet 3 times larger than my fleet.Let me play the game how I want. If I want to turtle and play 'simspace empire' for a while I should be able to without being forced to play aggressive."
,Not Recommended,252450,16411471,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Haihappen,"It is a Master of Orion remake.Its graphics are polished up, the combat is real time, but it all boils down to the simple fact that this is Master of Orion.If not for the hefty price tag, I would definitely recommend this game.Other points of concern:CombatThe space combat is entertaining in the beginning, but becomes a chore in the late game.With large numbers of ships, the battlefield is crowded from second one, it does not scale well over time.The load times before and after battles make the automatic battle resolution even more tempting. But Ships do not seem to get XP from automated combat...(Also, combat pre-load and after-load times are horribly long, even with newest Hardware)DiplomacyThe diplomacy is really broken: It is easy to keep other empires entertained or urge them to trade stuff with you no sensible human player would ever think of trading.The diplomacy mechanic seems superfluous to the eventual military conquest, there is no ""diplomatic victory"" of any sort, nor deeper mechanics known from other 4X games."
,Not Recommended,252450,15361779,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ekudram,"Cons:Cheating AI, This is poor form.  AI knows where you ships and colonies are without scouts? Excells way faster then you no matter what mode you are in.  Does not seem to be effected by pirates or space creatures encounters.No ""Easy Mode"" Easy is not easy.Poor camera controlls.Pro:Tactical combatBuild your own ships."
76561198033125143,Not Recommended,252450,16003376,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Int,"Good first impression was ruined by swarm of bugs and game incompleteness overall. Seriously - even no end screen, game just hangs on global map after last enemy elimination (the only victory condition). No desktop crashes, thanks for that, yet bugs are everywhere. Even after 5-6 patches and 7 (seven) weeks since release. Bugs known on first day still there. And what disappointing most, developer playing games instead of fixing bugs. A LOT. Right now he just officially abandoned patching to play Witcher 3. Game is on a straight way to repeat SD1 destiny and fall to oblivion. Doubt it will be even properly patched someday, not to mention any development."
76561197992946432,Not Recommended,252450,18035072,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Viz,"50/50.Disapointed in most parts of the game.  Delighted in others.  Total Biscuit has a very good review on youtube.  A lot of the issues he presented have been addressed, but the fact remains Zero crowd funded us to create SD II with SD I.  He assured us he would not abandon SD I but he did.  He claims the programming of SD I could not accomdate his plans to fix it, thus SD II was born and he charged us for it.  I suggest you do resaearch and watch many youtube videos and reviews before purchasing.Mar 8 2016DLC for $10 to fix a broken game? No thanks.  Fooled me twice, not falling for it this time."
,Not Recommended,252450,15862503,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Ritsuka,"Set the game to it's hardest possible difficulty. Won first try. I didn't just win, it was like beating a blind child with a spiked mace.Why?Probably because the AI... Well I should say the entire game, is so poorly made it is atrocious.Lets go over my experience:I have never played StarDrive 1, but I was a pretty big fan back in the old days when it was a Warcraft III map. I researched this one and thought it would be pretty similar, I mean, the WC3 map was a relatively simple but fun game, it would not be hard to add to it.The character/race customization for this game is decent, pretty good range of selection, and lots of races to choose from. My only issue was not being able to change the protrait, which in the end doesn't matter cause you never see it anyways.I started a campaign and was pretty excited, and if you played galactic civ, you will find it really easy to pick up the mechanics of this game, well maybe too much, it is almost the same game. When the announcer came up, it seemed like ""alright, this guy will give some interesting narrative to the game!"". Nope. In fact, everything he said, I already read on the character discriptions when looking through all the races to start the game. So this quickly became an annoyance, that I shut off.I did start this game on the hardest possible difficulty so I thought I should rush my economy, and build it up along with my capacity to build ships. I had races constantly asking to trade and demanding bribes. I quickly learned the following about diplomacy in this game:The diplomacy is complete nonsense.You can not allyThere are no ""friendly"" racesthere is 3 real options - Trade, Give, or DieAll wars are to the death, you may accept or ask for a peace, but because the hostility system in this game is so poorly balanced, the bot will soon declare war again on you.So.. besides a few side ""quests"", who's rewards are incredibly unbalanced to difficulty/reward, that they give you a massive advantage in the game.. There really is no more depth or story added to this game past the startup screen.My other big issue, and the reason I could beat this game, hard mode, so fast, was this game crippling fact: In battles, the AI is completely garbage. they recently boasted a patch that gave the AI 1500 new space ship designs to choose from, but I never saw them build a ship larger then a frigate (medium sized), so once you get the larger size to that, you are good, pretty much till the end of the game. So.. I built a few titans 3 to start out with, and just bounced planet to planet, fleet to fleet, and just utterly obliterated the AI with fleets of 50+ ships. Game over.So absolutely no replay value for me, unless I go for achievements, which I commonly do, but the fun is all gone. I really wish steam had a rating system instead of the yes or no, cause although I would not recommend this game to people who want an in depth and long lasting game, it is good for 1 play through, but a slightly unsatisifying play through at that."
76561197989581647,Not Recommended,252450,29988410,Posted: 17 February,all,Fat-Bellied Graug,"Spam colony ships.Take over 2/3s of the galaxy.Get your 3 super-powerful fleets wiped from the face of said galaxy by blatantly broken ""balance"" mechanics for the AI.Uninstall.Reinstall a few months later.Realize the actions and results are the same.Sigh.Buckle down.Keep playing."
,Recommended,252450,15471058,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Gingy,"I feel I have played enough of this game to write a proper review.This game is a great deal of fun. Ship customization is awesome, Space combat is great fun and if you have the tactical mind about you, you can destroy whole fleets with just a handful of ships if you do it just right. The game is extreamly difficult passed easy mode, making it high risk high reward game. Random events will happen, like a random ship will apper with bugs on it, or your planet will have sharknados. This increases replay value and keeps me wanting to come back and find all of these. The Ui is simple and nicely laid out, making moving troops and building ships a breeze.However this game does have its issues.Ground combat is not as in depth as Most people would like. Its just a simple move-here xenonauts like combat, except not nearly as in depth, as previously mentioned.There seems to be only one way to win. Build a huge fleet, and steam roll the galaxy. Trading and negotiating simply puts war off. I wish there were other ways to get other peoples colonys with out bombing it from orbit. For example, Maybe spreading your culture across the galaxy will cause certian colonys to turn to ""earth culture"" and that colony joins your faction. This way developing relations with other factions isnt pointlessOverall, stardrive 2 is a wonderful game, and if you are new to the 4x stratagy genre, i recommand picking it up.8?10 would spam mass drivers agian"
76561198020651766,Not Recommended,252450,19457675,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,johnbigboy,"i give up finally on SD2, also owned SD1have been playing for a very long time, when thru all the races, built lots of ships for all racesbear with all the S*** and write a few helpful comments on the discussion page, never done this with any other gamenew patches bring in new bugs but what broke the camel's back?playing the daylok race and having spend lots of time building up the empire only to find that i cannot built battleships because the battleship template is blank.  tried to get toZero to help solve this problem but no responsedeleted the game and tried to reinstall but still no loveso buyers beware, even if it was working before, new patch can and will screw it up until it is not playable or worstplay half way and cannot continue, leaving you high and dry... know the feeling.even if a new DLC or version were to appear, you can be S**** anytime"
76561198007397969,Recommended,252450,15295854,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Josef Koba,"I love the concept, but the game is not very forgiving to new players.  The tutorial seems very helpful, but that's somewhat deceptive.  It doesn't tell you how to make money, for instance, and it merely touches on most of the game's concepts.  Sensing that the game had multiple layers of complexity, I started on easy to familiarize myself with the game's mechanics.  My starting position was horrible.  I was placed on a nice, resource rich planet, but was producing negative food.  Before I could stabilize that situation, I had lost two citizens to starvation.  Perhaps even worse, the tutorial forced me to colonize the nearest planet before I was even able to stabilize my home world.  The tutorial actually said, ""You have no choice"" and made me colonize.  The trouble is, the nearest planet was incapable of growing any food whatsoever, which meant simply that it starved out in four or five turns, wasting a colony ship.  The tutorial did say, however, ""here's how to fix the lack of food - import food from  your other planet.""  Very helpful advice, and I'm sure I could have managed it if, perhaps, my home world was even capable of sustaining itself at that point.In terms of finances, I was constantly running a negative of at least -2 BC (billions of credits), usually -5.  At one point I went from -30 BC in the bank to a surplus of over 300, with no explanation at all.  Then my surplus slowly dwindled.  Or quickly, because in the first part of the game, you're really just hitting ""end turn"" as fast as you can because there's nothing really to do.  There's no concept of time, or how long things should take to build and some of the items seem prohibitively lengthy to construct.  Even with my citizens focused on production, the most basic of star ships took 15-20 turns to produce.Of course that's to say you have an idea of the relative power of the ships to begin with.  You don't, at least not initially.  You don't know what ships are good, and certainly not compared to the AI's ships.  You don't know how big you should create your fleet.  With the construction times, it turns out that if I were to produce a fleet that was big enough to defend against the armada the AI brought to the final battle, I woulnd't have produced anything else in my home world, and I even then it would have been big enough.  If you don't have a big enough fleet, well, by the time you realize it it's too late.  It's hard to add two ships to your fleet in hopes of staving off the enemy that just appeared in your system when the smallest ship takes a half dozen turns.Undoubtedly this can all be chalked up to my unfamiliarity with the game.  I was unable to colonize any planets effectively (I finally retook that first colony, only to have it destroyed from orbit a few turns later), whereas my neighbors had six, seven, or eight planets all, ostensibly, churning out ships.  I hope that I'll get better at it, though at this point it feels like several hours of my life were wasted.  Coupled with the utter hopelessness of seeing a big fleet appear when you thought you were content with four or five small ships...  Hard to want to keep playing.  Plus the AI is quite deceptive; the first engagements were very easy to win.  You're lulled into a false sense of security with a modest fleet, focus on building up your population and home world, and then the AI hits you hard.  Game. Over.Speaking of the AI: It's pretty aggressive.  My first encounters with it were positive.  Let's trade?  Okay?  Good.  You want to trade tech?  Sure.  Then it demanded tech, for nothing.  Then, all the sudden, it tells me, ""I told you I claimed that world, now I'm going to take it!"" and declares war.  He never mentioned that at all, first of all, and second of all, it was my home world...Technology is a bit awkward.  As I understand it, you can only research one tech in a given part of the tree.  After you get the one, that's it for that part (unless you trade tech) and the tree moves on to a different part.  Sort of interesting, I suppose, but you feel pretty locked in, and if you make a mistake and research something that doesn't fit with your eventual style, tough.  And I think that even the first techs took at least seven turns to research.  The third or fourth tier jumps to over 60.Shipbuilding and fleet management is also a bit awkward.  I can't see any way of retrofitting new tech like armor to existing ships.  You can change the ship's template, I think.  But even that's klunky.  I didn't see any way to strip a template to start from scratch, so you have to manually remove everything.  There's probably a way, but I didn't see one.  I don't see any way to remove designs from the list of designs either.  The concept of this is fantastic, and it looks great.  But there could be some refinements.  For example, there's a button that allows you to replace all the steel armor in a design with a newer form (plasteel).  However, when you click that button it only replaced half the armor and removed the rest, leaving huge blank spaces.  I'm sure there was a reason, but the game offered none.  So by clicking that button you made your ship invalid (because every design must have 75% of its space filled with components).  It isn't as simple as replacing armor, now you have to add other stuff.  The second time I tried it, a few turns later, it replaced all the armor properly.  Again, no explaination for what went wrong or anything.All in all, I think the game has a lot of potential.   I love the idea of being able to customize your ships.  But the game is not very forgiving.  The tutorial is somewhat lacking.  And you don't know if you're doing anything right at all.  Would I recommend it?  Yes, probably.  Just be aware that the learning curve might be a bit steeper than you anticipate."
76561198039468512,Recommended,252450,16608918,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pynchon,"I would definitely recommend this game. Forget the trollish reviews--a lot of people are reviewing the game not its own merits but by posts by the developer or experiences with a prior game (SD1, which is a different beast, but related).Yes, the game is HEAVILY indebted to a classic 4x space game, Master of Orion 2. It's not quite as good as that game (but what it is, eh?), but with some polish and an expansion pack, I think this game might surpass it.What you should ask yourself is this -- do you want a space 4x game with a turn-base strategy and a RTS tactical map? If so, SD2 is for you. Really, there are not many hybrid 4X games out there. There's the Total War games, Sword of the Stars series, and . . . ? Most game companies don't do these type of games--they either go turn-based all the way, or RTS all the way. Why? It's really hard to program two-games in one and figure out the proper way the two should mix.SD2 manages to pull off this hybrid approach really well. On the strategy side, you colonize planets and build buildings that help improve the economy. There are many buildings that can help improve industry or science or food. you can then use trade to boost these variables.On the tech side, the tree is deep enough but not too much to allow individual techs to feel unique and useful. There's still some balancing to do, but the nice thing is, lower tier techs, mostly the weapons, still have their place. You're also limited by your race and your choices, so nearly impossible to get the entire tech advances in one game. This offers some interesting strategic choices up front--do I choose better weapons or better buildings or research options?Combat involves an RTS game where ships duke it out. Lots pew-pew here with cool weapon and shield effects. Some battle can get pretty crazy, especially when there are lot of ships. Sometimes, the RTS mode can be buggy, and when you ahve a lot of ships on screen, the game lags. The developer is working on this problem and has posted some potential fixes.There's a lot more to this -- included is a scenario and campaign editor. You can also experiment with a ""battle-only"" mode, where you can design ships and see them duke it out. No reviewers mention this! It's such a great idea, and i can't think of any modern game that includes this option.Give this game a chance --it's a one man developer, and you can surely get a good 50-60 hours of this game, if not more if you mess around with each race and the scenario editor. There's a ton of content to play around with--don't get sucked into the negative hype. The game is well worth your money."
76561198030843068,Not Recommended,252450,15346306,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,whoster69,"It has potential.  The graphics are very good in some places and hidden in the game there are some good things, but the tutorial really doesn't cover much that is useful other than the things you probably already know from the loads of other games like this.  On easy with supposedly pentiful worlds and almost no hostilities, I find a) hardly any worlds to colonize, b) pirates that attack all the time, c) other races that declare war and attack all the time and I'm barely 30 turns into the game.  This makes no sense.  This should be how it is on brutal, not easy.I take my few troops on a supposedly easy mission (ala XCOM style) and get killed almost instantly (again on easy).  Apparently I need 3 times the troops to succeed and things are not explained well at all for this poor execution of XCOM.  It pales in comparison.If I am missing something then it is something the anemic tutorals do not cover.  Either way this doesn't speak well of the game."
76561198281713332,Not Recommended,252450,23328924,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,byzantium0912000,"Very similar to MOO2 but the tech tree is too severely limited and new types of weapons are called for so they can be scaled down and fitted into your cruisers and battleships. Diplomacy is also limited and trade for new tech is nearly impossible due to the restrictions placed on you by your population\'s  approval ratings for each transaction. The races are almost identical in their attributes so it\'s better to modify one to your liking ( if you can). You can\'t construct any ship past Titan size and outpost ships are very badly needed so you can stake out some good systems while you build your military and logistical infrastructure up. The battle with the \""Master of Orion\"" (actually the Guardian) is intense but the reward is paltry, only one tech advance and no rich planetary system to exploit. Troop battles during invasions look like a bad rendition of \""Pong\"" and they should more in-depth and intense. The pirates sprinkled through the game are pretty sad and are unable to withstand a concerted attack,they should at least be equipped with better weapons and bases. Speaking of bases, the orbital facilities around your planets are good for command points only because no matter what thier size is they are quickly overwhelmed and planetary defenses such as beam weapons or missiles are sorely needed. It\'s not a really bad game but it failed trying to step into MOO\'s shoes and I\'m glad I bought it on sale."
,Not Recommended,252450,24228413,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[NC] theblazeone,"F**ng broken AI cant'play, balance drops to -90000 in speed of -5000 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AI haeve no rules, they build 5 and 10 times faster ... you think that 5 ships is ok? Wrong! You ALWAYS need to pay tribute ... Otherwise it is a nice game, but AI destroys all ..."
76561197970987010,Not Recommended,252450,21794059,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sirre,"First of all let me make it clear that even though I don't recommend this game I do sort of love it.This game would be the best thing in 4x genre I have seen since Moo2 if it was not so riddled with technical problems.Constant loading problems and stuff not working as they are supposed to make it a really unenjoyable experience.To give an example at one point I had a situation where pirate raiders would destroy multiple freighters and thats ok.The problem is there was like five of those fights which were just a press of a button and then my freighter would die.And at some point during this it would bug out and not allow me to continue resulting in me having to crash the game and load and hope it would go through the next time.It eventually did after repeating this nearly ten times.At other points weirdly usually after losing a fight it would get stuck in the loading screen resulting in the same thing.And these bugs are numerous let me tell you.In no other game that I have played i've had to crash the game so much as in this.Other issues I have had with it is that I think the research options are too narrow and simplistic.There should also be more options to how you want to play the game, as in victory conditions.The game events are very linear, random events are not really random as they pretty much happen always at the same time.I would also like to see more variety on ship hull types for all the races it is quite boring to only have one hull of each size class.Overall the game needs more content in it and get rid of the technical problems.Now having said that I do love what the game is trying to do.It is more like Moo2 than anything I have seen since Moo2 and that is very much a good thing so if you liked Moo2 then hope that this game gets it's technical problems in order and you will have a good time."
76561198063180532,Recommended,252450,15300130,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Tolack,"As someone who enjoyed playing StarDrive, I'd like to share my experience of playing Stardrive 2. So far (14.6h) I've been playing as Humans (with my own custom civ traits of course - they make a MAJOR difference in your gameplay experience) on Normal difficulty, huge system with 9 other civs, and I'm currently faced with enemies on both my northern and southern space borders. I'm also becoming quite chummy with some samurai space bears.Now I've seen some complaints about Stardrive 2, and I have to admit my first few hours had a couple of complaints - mainly research and... well, I'll tell you what else when I get to it. Further into the game I found out how they downgraded the spy system, but let's get back to research. I was annoyed at how you could not research all the tech on the same tier, and then I encountered my first race. (I'd like to mention that I don't go exploring the entire galaxy, so I don't encounter multiple races before I'm ready to deal with them. That'd just be STUPID... Hmm was that too rude of me?) When I entered diplomacy with them, I was happily surprised to find out that you could trade the tech they had researched for whatever you feel like giving them. After encountering a few more civs, and by the time I met up with my favorite bear shogunate, I realized that unless you take diplomatic action towards these aliens, they're gonna wonder why they should keep the stupid foriegners around rather than kill and conquer them.I should probably mention that being able to customize your ships relatively freely is a big plus for me. They made it a touch simpler than the original StarDrive, but while it was disappointing at first - I realized it cut down the time I spent designing my failures and designing new ships to replace the failures (since they sucked in combat) or redesigning my redundant ships (due to new tech). For example, in SD1 you could face all your weapon firing arcs forward. In SD2, the location of your weapon decides where it aims (except cannons/mass drivers - they always aim forward) The way around this though is to select the *arc extend* feature on the turrets you mount so they cover a 180* angle - aka they can fire forward.I'll be updating this review in a few days once I'm back home and play a bit more, so I'll leave you with this: if you like customization and you find that you can understand a game's mechanics fairly quickly, then you'll enjoy this game."
76561198018958140,Not Recommended,252450,16232596,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Keego,"The AI is a filthy cheater that sits upon throne of lies. No faction balance. Diplomatic interface mysteriously streaches off my screen.Each game will play out in one of two *fun ways.1: Spend two hours on a sweet start location, get rolled by comp.2: Meet a comp with 3 planets in a nearby system, get rolled by a full fleet before you construct your first colony ship,I think I'm going walk into the forest and kick a she grizzly in the lady bits. The resulting experience would be equally balanced, equally *fun and at the very least I'd get some exercise.*fun = terrible"
,Not Recommended,252450,30640695,Posted: 20 March,all,IanDresarie,"Well, what can I say?TL;DR:If you don't mind some (mostly minor) bugs it's good for it's money. I got enough playtime out of it to make ti worth.But since it is abandoned the replayablity is tiny. Don't get the DLC, it makes the game more weird and brings in many bugs!I did enjoy this game quite a bit and as you can see with my playtime I got my money's worth out of it...BUT:- The game is abandoned. I actually followed it through steam and haven't gotten a notification in more than 6 months.- Many patches were good, which I why I kept playing now and then, but in the end there are still quite a few bugs.You like a pretty simple strategy game with an amazing ship builder? Go get it.You don't mind playing only two or three campaigns in a whole agme? Yeah, give it a shot.You expect a great and finished game with a longlived and enjoyable playtime? STAY AWAY.Oh, and STAY AWAY from the DLC!"
,Not Recommended,252450,19381419,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Erkenfresh,"I think I can sum up the game in one word: tedious. StarDrive 2 is a modern remake of Masters of Orion 2. It adds some neat features, like placing modules in specific quadrants of the ship but takes away on some of the others. I'll try to break down some of the main areas.Colony Management - It's very tedious, much like MoO2. There are some auto-builder scripts you can select from to focus on food, research, or production. But, when I pick one like production, the manager often moves some of the people off of production and over to research. If I try to correct this, the colony goes back to manual mode. Also, you may inadvertently get technology for colony buildings you don't want (some have drawbacks), and these will get rolled into the build queue by the colony ""AI"".Ship Combat - Actually the best part of the game. It plays similar to Homeworld, but without the bells and whistles that make Homeworld cool. You can't pause combat, which makes any kind of tactics pretty much impossible so you end up charging in with everything you got. Fighters are essentially unselectable as they flit about the main ships of your fleet. Still, it's satisfying to watch your enemy ships explode into debris.Ship Design - The design is another aspect of the game that is fairly good, but still lacks something. I found that at the end of the game, lasers were still on par with the best tech in the game. Either my math was way off, or there's really no reason to try new guns. In MoO2, it was fun to try out different weapon types, especially boarding enemy ships. But, I just didn't feel the same enthusiasm here.Ground Combat - Very very tedious. Similar to ship design, a lot of the tech you get for ground combat is useless. The skeletal upgrade gives +20 max HP but leaves your soldier wounded by 20 HP. Since they don't naturally heal out of combat (until late game), the upgrade is pointless. Guns like the fusion carbine will do 20% more damage against unarmored foes, but 86% less against anyone with armor, which is pretty much everybody. The AI is really stupid too. You can stand still and let the enemies exhaust themselves walking into your firing line of fresh troops. However, if you press Auto before combat, you're likely to lose a ton of troops than you wouldn't lose by playing out the combat. Also, Mech Units are very disappointing. They are very slow which makes me just want to use regular troops more. (The dinosaurs with lasers are pretty awesome though I must admit). Also, you must equip every single troop. If the enemy invades a far off planet and you didn't equip those troops with the latest tech, they are likely to be holding stupid worthless knives and get rolled. All the clicking involved here is very tedious, it would be nice to set a master template automatically used for all new troops.Research - Sad. I don't recall ever looking at a research screen in a 4x game and thinking ""wow, I don't want to research any of this"". Not until StarDrive 2 anyway. Many of the ""upgrades"" come with drawbacks. Like, you can grow food on radiated planets but it makes your people mad. Or the aforementioned carbine rifle, or pretty much any ship weapon. Some of the colony upgrades are very useful, but incur heavy upkeep fees which force you to raise taxes so much that you lose any additional productivity from the buildings. If the upgrades didn't have so many drawbacks, it would be so much better.Spying - I didn't try this much because it seemed too slow to be useful. You send spies in and they gather intelligence points which you use to plant a mole... which then gathers research points... which finally delivers enemy tech to you. But the enemy's spy network can destroy your mole fairly fast meaning you probably never steal any tech. It's far easier to just assimilate it or trade for it.Diplomacy - It's not great. You can trade for tech, but it raises this intolerance meter which requires time to cooldown. The other races are quick to declare war, on Normal difficulty, even when you have great rapport with them. This is something I expect at higher difficulty levels, but not Normal. I do like how the items offered in trade have point values so you can quickly tell how likely they are to accept.GUI - Sometimes my fleets would split up, especially after an invasion. One time I saw a fleet that said it would arrive in NaN turns (not a number!) and just froze in space. If you click on a planet from too far of a zoom, you won't be taken to the colony even though it highlights. The GUI just feels like it needs too many clicks to get what I want done.Overall - The game just feels tedious. I got to where I owned half the galaxy versus three small remaining alien races. I could tell it would be another four to five hours of clicking to finish the game when I decided to just uninstall it. It seems like it has a lot of potential though, and there aren't a ton of bugs. Fix the colony AI, add troop auto-equip, make the tech more enticing, UN-balance the ship weapons and I think you'd be on to something."
76561197973329498,Not Recommended,252450,17992761,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Trotsky,I want to love this game. I was an avid follower of SD1 even with its significant flaws. SD2 feels great for the first few hours but is rendered unplayable from bugs late game. Subsequent plays feel exactly the same. UNINSTALLED after 45 hours.
76561198019539162,Not Recommended,252450,22883444,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SgtZero,Though there are many aspects about this game I find enjoyable. This new Xpack is trash and really ruined the game. That and the nerph to mass drivers which is now worse then your basic artillery save the fact is dosnt use as much ordinace. The harder difficulties seem to give the AI huge economic advantages but do not make them play any smarter and you just turtle until you ave able to get an economy and fleet strong enough to windle down the enemy as they patiently wait for you to conqure them. So if you want to micro your way to galatic domination slow and steady with no real inteligance in your style yes this game is for you. Only fun thing about the game is designing your ships layout but the battles just come down to who does more dmg faster. The auto battle feature is terrible. Ive used it to win a fight I couldnt win manual and lost when I could have beat the AI with ease manual.
76561198018875590,Recommended,252450,15282802,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Wolfen,"I have to admit that i wasn't sure if i should get the game at release.SD 1 was ok but... well... kind of a mess (i give a wet crap about MP)... but then again,i liked the atmosphere and the vague MOO2 feeling of it.So the fact that SD 2 is turn-based + the discount for owners of SD 1 made me get it.After all this years... this is as close to MOO 2 Feeling  as one can expect, i guess.*wipes a tear out of his fur* ... all those yea... nvm, where was i? A, right.(Don't forget, that if you are REALLY an old fan who sank a few hundret hours into MMO2, you WILL have a huge nostalgica-bonus in mind, after all we was young when we played that... almost 20 years ago...♥♥♥♥, i am old...))I wasn't stroke by any of the release-day bugs so i could have a look in a lot of stuff (didn't tried the ground battle so far, but for it is automatable who cares. Seems to be a nice little game-in-the-game from the cb-reviews i saw).It looks really good, better than i had expected to be honest.Graphical as well as UI- and Gameplaywise. It feels rounded, polished and ready for a full release.It is not overcomplex, personally i would like to have rather 1000 instead of 100 systems and 90 instead of 9 races at soem point, but well, you can't have all. (""All"" would be a mix between this one and Armada 2526 ... )It is howeverFINALLYan enhanced MMO2, that is the best and most fitting way to describe it.I could write more, but there is a certain space-slug that just ate my discovery ship.And i really liked that ship, you know?There are a few really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Vulfar now and that space-slug will... nvm...Even without the discount, if you are a member in the Old-farts-wants-a-modern-MMO2-game-club,here you go.I wasn't really happy with SD 1, but if it was the price for SD 2 i don't regret a cent or an hour."
76561198018740494,Recommended,252450,15315553,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kaiser Soze,"Love it.Pros:Ship customization.  Create a ship design, build it and send it to conquer the galaxy or die in a fire which ever comes first.Good diplomacy with the other races.  Expand too quickly, other races notice and do not like it.  Don't have a very powerful fleet to defend yourself, other races will see you as weak and may declare war.  etc etc, I have seen some stupid AI and this is not as far as i have seen in diplomacy a stupid aiSOOO much nostalagia of old MOO2 I created a cybernetic race and named them the Meklar Consortium in honor of that classic.  Was suprised to unlock an achievement.   Awesome Zero, just awesome.Quests in Space:  interesting things abound in the galaxy.  Keeps me from declaring war on the Pollops for lack of things to blow up.Cons:Sleep deprivationIn all a must have for anyone who liked Any space empire game.  I cannot list all the games that come to mind that this trumps.DLC Edit:::The Zero Sector DLC was a good investment.  I am enjoying a new game right now.  The larger galaxy size, division of the galaxy into sectors, streamlined ground combat, new techs, sector control all great additions.  Still 2 thumbs way up"
76561197983646188,Not Recommended,252450,28357415,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bromley,"I was looking for MOO2 Two, and there's a lot to like here.  Ultimately though, it fails on:(a) basic streamlining (e.g. if the key thing that stops you making deals with alien races is the tolerance, show the tolerance on the summary screen so I don't have to open it up), and(b) basic design decisions (e.g. if I have to invade enemies to expand, don't make building and maintaining transports a chore).It did a lot of things right, especially the space combat, but it doesn't make it easy to do what you want to.  If you repeatedly find yourself butting heads with the game over things that were possible to do in a game from 20 years ago, then it's a fail."
76561198079885677,Not Recommended,252450,31359786,Posted: 25 April,all,horamvivere,"Thus far a nice moo2 clone and generally fun, it's also including lots of bugs, unfortunately.The bugs are frustrating and are leading to lots of unfinished rounds. Even if the bugs are known for months or years, no changes thus far.Game just crashes sometimes, or from on round to another, you are unable to build on your planets, any planet.Restarting and loading the unfinished game doesn't help. And there are a lot of other minor bugs."
76561198060760851,Not Recommended,252450,25609826,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,NjohnsonE,"It's fun but when you try to invade a planet and you get no invasion mechanics just nothing but the planet and you try to exit but it wont let so you're forced to go to task manager and hit the end process button you, just give up on trying to the play the game especially when it's the second time ♥♥♥♥ing up royally."
76561197971022746,Recommended,252450,15367193,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,vindicator,This game is the Maste Of Orion 2 successor but with added features like manual ground combat rts ship battles and redone diplomatic system to prevent AI abusing. Havent seen another game to capture so many great 4x features together. AI can be rough for begining players but soon you will realise how to beat him and enjoy the game at fullest. No game is perfect and lots of things can be improved here too for instance more diplomatic options and more ship tactic settings in combat. If you liked Master of orion 2 you will like this game once you master it.
76561198021224771,Not Recommended,252450,23426868,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mercedes1254,"This game, Star Drive 2, looked promising until I played it.Among the problems are the fact that most of the game settings won't apply when you play the game. A good example is the setting to keep minor races from attacking you. It simply doesn't work. And, to add insult to injury, they are usually far superior to your capabilities if encountered at the beginning of the game. Out of several games I attempted to play, I encountered the same problem every time. In many of the games, I had it set up with a single opponenet, that I never got to encounter. In the others, the enemy ended up being right next door. There was never a chance to get off the ground.The one game I did make considerable progress with included several possible enemies but ended prematurely, and abitrarilly, because the game simply stops. It counts x number of turns and then notifies you that the game is over. What kind of idiot designed this into a game like this? Again, one of the settings is for game length and has an ""Epic"" setting. I doubt, like the other settings, that it actually works. The game should at least have an open ended option and finish only when a victor has satisfied the victory conditions or conquered the galaxy.This is sad because this game looks like it has a lot of potential. That's why I bought it. The economics, tech advancement and colinization all work very well. It was everything I wanted in those respects, but the other aspects, as described above, make this one a real loser. It's too bad."
,Not Recommended,252450,24563121,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Hbadger41,"One of the worst games on steam, Not worth the money, Developers who made the game made the A.I. basically imposible to defeat, Not worth $32.99 better games on steam for less than $10, Do not purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,252450,25028517,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,grazr,"Star Drive 2 attempts to improve upon the original by stream lining many of the tediuos aspects of the first and bring the juiciest parts to the fore, such as automating planetary invasions and trade, something that became obnoxiously boring in SD1's late game; and for the most part it has achieved this. Trading is practically automatic as long as you have the freighters available, but you cannot command said freighters, so they frequently wander into hostile threats (environmental encounters such as pirate or crystal fleets, but also faction blockades) with no way of preventing them from doing so (as you could manually in SD1). So your entire freighter fleet will smash itself into these threats until entirely exhuasted or the threat is removed. At least these fleets no longer require maintanence or their own custom builds.The AI's difficulty appears reliant on its handicaps rather than actual complex decision making. As a player you have a set of rules you need to abide by, which the AI apparently does not. Which effectively makes the campaigns cheap and unsatisfying:The AI frequently ignores your borders and settles within them even though if you were to do the same it'd require a declaration of war. Additionally the AI frequently ignores starbases even though again, for you to pass through AI controlled space would require a declaration of war. Which removes practically half the tactical decision making you could apply on the tactical map, such as controlling choke points between nebula's or specific hex's with wormholes in them via use of starbases. Additionally, this lack of respect for territory affords the AI to pre-emptively strike from within your own territory.The AI's overzealous efficiency even on easy mode causes it to pull ahead technologically, economically and militarily, making the game incredibly difficult to learn what mistakes are actually being made by the player and how to correct them as these issues often snowball and often before you even notice a problem has arised.It is generally accepted by the community that cheese is not a viable tactic (as it once was in SD1) as any conflict is too expensive for the player. Not only will you unlikely have the tech to send a fleet into deep space, but fluctuations in military strength has immediate repercussians from all enemy factions who will either begin to bully, if not outright just invade you, resulting in immediate game over; and the accepted status quo of the AI always being ahead in tech leads to the (ironically) incredibly tedious gameplay of ""just surviving"" until the late game when you can catch up to the technological cap and finally fight on equal footing with the other factions.It must be said though that the community is generally very supportive and has excellent advice to give out so you can learn the elusive curve the game has.Balance in general is also quite bad. Whilst i'm willing to give a certain amount of leeway to developers producing assymetrical strategy games, which are inherently difficult to balance, some elements just don't really bare thinking about and its any wonder how some of these got past paper planning, let alone pre and post testing. Some racial traits are just ridiculously powerful for their points cost, Subterranian is an obvious one and aquatic to a lesser extent are very strong, relatively cheap traits that can essentially double your economic output over other races for little to no penalty. This results in the same races dominating every game.Lastly, due to the introduction of the CP (command point) system that affectively applies a population cap to your fleet, it inhibits half the influence you ever had over the other factions diplomatically as you can never effectively intimidate with your fleet as it is essentially always the same size (if not smaller).The game has some glaringly obvious issues that seem to be fairly simple to fix. Make the AI less obnoxiously relentless, make the AI conform to the same rules as the player, address basic balance issues such as OP racial traits, address ""all"" the races being obnoxiously hostile despite the hints that they have ""personalities"". None of which seem particularly dramatic in terms of work load to achieve."
76561198117486950,Not Recommended,252450,29429972,Posted: 22 January,all,mattjess3,"Too much Civilization; not enough Ascendancy.I've been looking for a successor to Ascendancy since it doesn't appear that Logic Factory cares to do much with the IP, and copies of the game are online-order only at this point (from places like Amazon).  After seeing the ship construction menu, I was hopeful that this game could fit the bill.  Unfortunately, it does not.The early game can be quite fun, as are most exploration-style games.  Finding habitable planets and pushing through the tech tree to get bigger and better ship models and construction options is always great.  However, I find that the gameplay and mechanics beyond that (and even including those facets) is basically just a reskin of Civilization titles, and the aforementioned are really all the pros this game has.As for cons, there are quite a few that make the game unenjoyable as a title.  This is a space game, but the map and battles are all 2-D.  The PC knows all the algorithyms, and plays at a high level, even on easier modes.  They expand faster, research tech more  efficiently, and have an endless number of spies, which the player can never hope to match.  They seem unrestrained by that which confines you.  And in a diplomacy game where races will declare war on you with little warning and even less provocation, the fact that there is no ""alliance"" option is really inexcusable.Overall, it's a nice title if, and only if, you are a huge fan of Civilization and have some way of either running the game using the AI's algorithyms, or overcoming them in some fashion.  Otherwise, just buy Ascendancy off Amazon, as I intend to do."
,Not Recommended,252450,18419088,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,garfu,"Just an all around terrible, disappointing game. Tries to copy Master of Orion 2 in all areas and only succeeds in the most basic. The combat is god awful. I think this game could have been passible if it just cribbed the combat from MOO2 aswell. Instead is does some stupid arena combat that basically involves the AI circle strafing your ships. Had it just been the old turned based combat from MOO2, this would have been a positive review.Bad game.This made me want to fire up MOO2 again... so I downloaded it off of GOG, installed it, and had a wonderful experience."
76561197993917460,Not Recommended,252450,24128345,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Horny Rooster,"15 dollar game.  Great potential, but unfinished.  The game has great polish in some areas, while other areas feel like loose threads."
76561197974999646,Not Recommended,252450,26108867,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,T-900,"One thing prevents this game from being great. The few bugs that makes the game unplayable. for example all of a sudden your planets won't build anything anymore. An example is my Earth has 54 turns till a ship is done but for no good reason when I end my turn nothing happens and the next turn Earth still has 54 turns left till my ship is done, this is the same with all the planets or what about ships all of a sudden having oversize models, blocking anything else making it hard to select other stuff they are near for example a planet. And I'm sure there is alot more I haven't experienced yet. As it is right now. I would not recommend  it. Sad as it really could be great."
,Not Recommended,252450,16482494,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rhaegor,"Do not buy.  Another unfinished game by Zero, the one man show developer.  Some use it as an excuse for him.  I do not.  The game could be great, but it will never work properly because one person will never be able to fix it before time and money runs out.  You will regret your purchase if you by this."
76561198024260960,Not Recommended,252450,16486712,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,danshu15,"I highly recommend you do not buy this game until it is completed.This developer has a habit of ditching projects, and I only picked it up because the features promised in Stardrive 1 when it was abandoned were promised in Stardrive 2 again - and the current sale is better than the 33% I would save by already buying this game as StarDrive 1.Don't get ripped off by this scam artist. I won't touch this game until he comes through, and if he doesn't hopefully Steam will give me a refund for having 5 minutes played to post this review. I'd have put in for one on StarDrive 1 immediately after the release if Steam had its current refund policies in place at the time.All but 1 of my Stardrive 1 hours was during beta, before ZeroCommitment dropped the project and told everyone to get over being ripped off and stop bugging him.Great concept, we'll see if he finishes it this time or if I have to wait for StarDrive 3 when he flakes out again."
,Not Recommended,252450,15346860,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,SnipinFool,"While a fun game. It is yet again another half-made game from the StarDrive series. It suffers from most of the problems of its predecessor, as well as many more. The move to  a ""Turn based"" system, while in some ways helpful, it also introduces countless annoyances.... Fighting 1 ship vs 1 ship battles constantly.The enemy AI is laughably bad at combat, but outrageously agressive in galaxy mode.There are also a number of REQUIRED diplomacy features misisng.... most notably AI settling colonies in your already claimed system and no way of diplomatically resolving the situation.All in All.. Stardive 1 was better, and many other games are better than Stardrive 1 and/or 2."
,Recommended,252450,15354480,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Wlzard,"Stardrive 2 is one of the best 4X games I've played recently, certainly the best game based in space. It has some minor issues, but none that can't be easily resolved with some time post-release.Pros:Great empire managementGreat ship design (One of my favorite parts of the game)Tech tree that forces strategic decisions (Unlike Civ tech tree where you always end up with everything)Difficult to win (I really am sick of strategy games where victory is assured on all difficulties except the very highest)Enjoyable ship combatGood graphicsCons:Various bugs, though not terribly commonHuge battles very CPU heavy (Playing on a Phenom II x4 840t, so not a great processor)Some weapon balance problemsNo multiplayer (This isn't a huge problem for me personally, but I know people who won't play games if it doesn't have multiplayer)Overall, the game has a great set of mechanics that will only get better as the dev polishes up the remaining content.9/11, would certainly recommend it to anyone who likes strategy, or sci-fi epics."
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,252450,15326421,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ketamarine,"What a festering piece of garbage.I can't even believe that zero took a (slightly flawed) masterpiece that was SD1 and turned it into this turd. Dumbed down in every sense - with a terrible, boring and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ground combat game bolted onto the side (why?? - why would you cheapen your game by tacking on a high school comp sci project level element?). Space combat is uninspiring at best - yes you get to watch your ships sit there for 5+ minutes because they can't kill a lone fighter (watch angry joe fast forward through it here:https://youtu.be/pHwEI7PKorE?t=13m10s)The cheating AI and remnants are completely over-powered. Played my first (and probably ony) game on normal. First remnant invasion destroyed my entire fleet, and a starbase without even losing their shields - and I was at my max command point size with the best tech I had available. And somehow a neighboring race (with the same empire size) declared war *without me even noticing* (is there not a diplomatic declaration of war??? if so it's effing bugged!) and had an invasion fleet 4x larger than my now destroyed fleet at my capital (which of course fell immediately). To add insult to injury - the fail screen (which I auto-turned to see) is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ condescending ""joke"" with ZERO analysis of your ""score"" - apparently I performed at the level of a large rock - which is ""still better than Janeway"".All other bad reviews are right too - tiny galaxy, bland combat, weakened ship design system.Disapointing. Do not buy.Get Star Ruler 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,252450,18720175,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,-{RAGE}- FoxtrotOneSix,"You want to know what makes a great 4X game great?  When I can research the ever-living crap out of a tech tree and have weapons and sub-systems capable of putting an enemy in a vice grip they can't get out of when they think they stand a legitimate chance at beating me.  It just seems that for every legitimate effort I make to race my♥♥♥♥♥up the tech tree into even being capable of standing toe-to-toe with my enemies, while making decent headway into designing my ships properly, I just keep finding myself generally outclassed unless I spam an enormous amount of starships into a battle.This isn't part of my review necessarily, it's just a remark I'd like to make:  I have also heard that this game's predecessor actually had some decent concepts but that it had been abandoned so the developer could focus on this.  That's a really tough claim to make, considering this game looks worse than what I saw in the trailers for the first."
76561198005403734,Not Recommended,252450,15835871,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zuldan98,"seems to me the cpu can ""cheat"" in turn based games while real time it happens less so. but what i know. i liked stardrive 1 much better. this game isnt bad, and its better when you can buy it when its on sale. if you like turn based then this is the game for you."
76561198063245160,Recommended,252450,15517184,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,illPosedProblem,"StarDrive 2 review: comparison to Master of Orion 2.The short of it:This feels like an overhaul to Master of Orion 2. Slightly buggy, but I found it more fun than MOO2 (!!!).The long of it:Compared to the initial StarDrive, this game removes a lot of mechanics (real-time play, space battles integrated in the strategic/galaxy view, ability to research the whole tech-tree), making it less of a successor to SD1 and more of a spiritual successor to Master of Orion 2.It plays almost the same way, with some added complexity (real-time space battles, ground battles, empire resupply range), while updating the UI to make the game play faster (sortable planet list, fewer clicks required to do most actions etc.).I played MOO2 and SD2 side-by-side, and I had more fun with SD2, especially due to MOO2's ponderous interface. Also, SD2 has a bit more *oomph* during battles, better spy mechanics and more race options. So, I'll say that SD2 does almost everything the same as MOO2, some things better, and I'll just list the (potential) drawbacks:- [edit: mostly fixed:] still slightly buggy, still slightly unbalanced, but stable and patched often.- tactical space battles replaced with real-time batles. Faster games, more ships, but less control.- ground combat is quite simple. Tactics, research, quests and individual equipment decisions make a huge difference, and this reactivity makes it fun.- [edit: Fixed! Game is much less micro-intensive now:] no auto-build/governor. The game slows down in the later stages because of this big issue.- no ship capture / scrap to get techs mechanic.- some racial traits, technologies, ship modifications and mechanics ""missing"", like converting Gas Giants/Asteroid Belts into planets, Core Dumps to get rid of pollution, and many end-game MOO2 niceties. Some new mechanics do compensate (ability to colonise Asteroid Belts, racial trait to generate less polution).Overall, I had a lot of fun with this game, and I give it a 19/20.Belter Pride.---Edit:After playing more of the game, I did encounter more bugs, including the switch sides one (where I get to control only the ships of my enemy in combat). Still, game support and update has been good, and so is stability.I also love the developer's hesitance to nerf, and desire to seek alternate solutions for balance (i.e. counter).I would lower my score to 17/20, but still remains very much recommended."
,Recommended,252450,15292499,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Aisynia,"The long and short of it is that this is the Space 4x we've been waiting for for 20 years. Were you disappointed in games like Endless Space, Horizon or Galactic Civilizations, games that ALMOST delivered what they promised but fell short in key areas? This game is for you. Taking cues from Master of Orion, and building on the first installment, this game feels like it hit a nearly perfect storm.The planet management is deep, but not overly complex, the tech trees are interesting, exploration system is finely tuned, and the combat is a blast. Space combat is visceral and fun. Ground combat is a little bare bones, but deeper than it appears on the surface, and very difficult and satisfying.There are many approaches to situations, and the dynamics between you and the rest of the galaxy is interesting and fun.It isn't the perfect Space 4X, but that game hasn't been made yet. This is the best one made in modern times. Pick it up if you are a fan of the genre or have been sitting around since Master of Orion 2 wondering why someone couldn't do better in 20 damned years. Is it better than MOO2? I don't know, but it's a damned fine game.Highly recommended, this game is a blast and a half."
76561197977810191,Not Recommended,252450,15311606,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,|z0rg| verwirror,"Sadly after a few attemps at playing this game i can not in good concience recommend it.1. The Galaxy is very small (100 Systems), so it gets really crowded really fast2. Everything wants to kill you right from the start3. Compared to SD1 this has a very restrictive science ""feature""4. Ship building isn't nearly as versatile as it was in SD15. Spacebattles with 5 ships isn't fun (Oh, you can build more, but you will be bancrupt soon after)6. Have i mentioned everything wants to kill you?7. It dosn't feel like a space game at all...Yeah, i could go on.I dont want to go without a few positive notes.It looks pretty and the turns process really fast. Sadly thats about it.Im really dissapointed because i liked SD1 a lot."
76561197985364638,Recommended,252450,15392917,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ozymandias,"The game is very Masters of Orion-esc.  I have played stardrive and many many other 4x games.  Probably my favorite Genre.  Honestly i was on the fence about this one.  I didn't know if i wanted to spend the money and jump in, but after watching some lets plays, I had to try it.The Good:Stardrive ship customization. Probably the biggest thing here.  You can literally make any ship you want and make it work, Its based on these little squars blocks outlining your ships interior and its 4 quadrents.  Each quadrent having a different gun facing and its own hps.The 4x-ness- spying, diplomacy, trading, combat. Multiply paths to victory.  Side missions and quest.  Which i might add can be harder than some of the AI players.The fact that there is ground combat. So, This is also a negative but still the fact they they at least have something representing ground combat is good from the point of future development.They game iteslf is Turnbased, but the combat is real time in an instanced battlefield.  I really like this!  One thing I didnt like about Stardrive 1 was that a battle would be really messy and meander all over the place. Some might like that, but for me having an actually formal engagement really made this fun for me. It also opens up battle arena that is also in the game.  So less persistant RTS and more Gratuitous space battles.The look and asthetic is well done. Hard to believe they have such a small team working on it.The bad:Some things are half done or not fully fleshed out.  Ground combat needs a lot more love, but it is still enjoyable for me.There are some bugs here and there that need fixingMany racial weapons/tech/ship layouts are unbalanced or non existant.  I.e Kulrathi have their own melee weapon and defensive skill for ground combat, and they have tech that furthers this in the ???? tree for research. Pollops and Squids have it also, but races like human Vulfar chukk are kind of out in the cold.  Not to mention an optri cruiser has almost 2x the space to put modules on it than the vulfar.  I know that this is being looked at but for now its in the negative column as it directly effects the game in a big way.The game to me seems more like a beta, but I am a purist that believe games are not launched until they are ready and polished.Conclusion: ok so I would not have recommended this game when it launched, but in just a few days the developer released so many big changes in under a week that I had to take the plunge.  Sure, is it not finished and buggy. Yes, but I would rather have a game where the developer is constantly updating it to make it better than a ok game that gets and update every 6 months to a year."
76561198060293556,Recommended,252450,18339503,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Achaemenid,"StarDrive 2 is a refreshing game to the old 4X genre and I really would like to recommend and here are the reasons why.The main reason, for not recommending it, is that I feel it is incomplete. Both in features and bugs. It is a shame though because the game is surprisingly well done. The UI is fluid and pleasant to look at (contrary to Galactic Civilizations 3). It has both tactical space and ground combat. It has beautifully rendered planets and the map is organised and does not become cluttered when you zoom out (again unlike Galactic Civilizations 3). But where it fails is in two areas.The game is incomplete. The ground combat is woefully underdeveloped, diplomacy is not very well done, building starbases is almost useless (except getting command points) and it takes way too quick to max out research techs which makes the game almost feel like a rush-type 4X game. The tactical combat, although refreshingly good for a 4X game, is not balanced and the different weapons and defence system can range from really good to practically useless.Then you have the lack of variety of ships where every race has only one ship model per tier.And then ofcourse you have the bugs. The worse is probably when you invade a planet and sometimes you are in control of your enemies(!) units instead of yours. It is nothing that can't be fixed but still reduce the gameplay quite a lot.That being said there are a lot of good things with the game. I already mentioned the good UI and tactical combat and how you fit your ships is really nice with a lot of cool weapons and utility modules. Sadly though that the rest of the game has so many problems because this is truly amazing game if you take into account the fact that it was developed by only one person.That being said, I found it well worth the money because you can replay it quite a lot. So despite the lack of bugs and incomplete areas, it will still give you some fun for your money."
76561198024712443,Not Recommended,252450,16310006,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rufim,"Bugs, bugs, so  maaaany bugs!!!!"
76561198032074760,Recommended,252450,15328080,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,narlynarf,"First off I never played Stardrive 1. But I would rate this an above average 4x game.Like Endless space planetary management with realtime space battles. Only con is the ground battles, which are noticable neglected.Planet layout, and tech tree are simmilar to endless space. Space view has high detail, easy to manage. You can manage the individual buildings on a colony simmilar to Masters of Orion.You can only reasearch one tech in three. This forces you to trade via diplomacy or steal with spies. A good game mechanic. Diplomacy is transparent and fair. Tooltips tell you all the bonuses, makes it easy to navigate alian diplomacy.Real time space battles are very good. You send in your custom designed starships, and let em duke it out. Not much in the way of stratigy. Just who has bigger guns and more armor. Wide variety of webs makes it interesting. I'm alwase testing new ship designs.Only con I have is that ground battles suck. The graphics are very poor in this section. Your troops are put on a chess board, and attack a few times per turn. Really boring. If it wasn't so crusial to defending my planets.  I would never use it.Overall 8/10. Probbably the best 4x game out right now. But that isn't saying much. The genere has been neglected for a long time. And with no major titles we are left with this. Good could be bettere. (Improve ground battles or remove them.!!)"
,Not Recommended,252450,17484839,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Daniel.Drache,"TL:DR - The game is fun But there are simply too many bugs & broken bits to want to play.The Dev is doing small (inconsequential) patches, But he's stated he only plans on supporting the game for 6 months after release, it's currently 6 months & he hasn't fixed many of the game breaking bugs but he has stopped communicating with the community & stopped any major patchesWithout fixing the game, He is asking what DLC or Expansions he can sell.Bugs*Every AI empire will declare war on you, mostly soon, possibly later.*Colonise to many planets (A planet right by your homeworld counts) and the AI will hate you for the rest of the game.*The build menu will randomly disappear.*Auto Combat is heavily favored to the AI, If I manually fight the enemy fleet I lose nothing but if I auto complete the battle I will lose, even having a fleet 4X the enemy (with better tech) you still lose lots of ships.*Planets starving even when they have plenty of food, Seriously if you need 5 food to support your planet, you produce 200.5 food, your planet will starve, produce 200 or 201 food & they're fine.*And random crashes."
76561198078963121,Not Recommended,252450,19115193,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kim Jong Kitten,"the game is great but it isn't worth $30, i would be great if the price was lowerand if the Digital Deluxe one was cheaper because i would like to paint my shipsbut im not going to pay an extra $35 to buy a paint ability."
,Recommended,252450,15511112,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ullo94,"Do I recommend this game? Yes, and no.There are nine awesome races that all have an unique feel. But all these nine are not very well balanced. A race of robot bugs are the most op with a cruiser class ship with as much room as a battleship from other races while the wulfar has very limited space to work with.I would prefer that you could choose a layout you wanted and a look you wanted. You can choose to play the wolves with the same traits as the Robot-bugs, but not the same ship. A bit weird.The map generation is good, you can choose how many opponents, who these opponents will be and if you want random pirates attack. The size of the map can range all the way up to 100 stars, and each star can have up to four planets soo get ready for some exploration.The early game runs really well and with a tech-tree where you only get to choose one of two or three really good upgrades you will feel that your decisions do matter. You'll get a few colonies up and running (more likely than not on barren ultra-poor high G planets but still) and you'll tech up some new fancy moduel like mass drivers for you ships. Now comes the fun part. Building the ships!This is the reason i feel like you should buy this game, The shipbuilding is awesome. You need to carefully think if you really NEED that last cannon or if you should add an other layer of armour. You'll need to think how long this ship will be in battle, is 226 sec enough for a whole battle? Will you need more ammo?I could spend hours in this part of the game.The mid game starts when you have found the other races, some of them will want to trade with you, others will just want to take your hard earned stuff. Here the game falls flat. There is no point of being friendly to the others. There is no such thing as allies in StarDrive 2.Even if the flower-plant-alien loves you to 100% you still have you still have to kill them to win.  If you are combat oriented however you'll do just fine.Late game is weird. If you get here it's too late. One of the other races have half the galaxy and the number of ships in each battle are above 30 capital ships on each side. All with their own massive effects. The number of small ships can be over 60 + fighters(4/module and a ship could have 3-10 of these). It just gets too laggy to play and you'll find that you just want to peace out.How ever, I do recommend this game. There are rumors on the forums that there soon will be a fix to diplomacy. And even just as it is now I cant help but too love it. Seeing your ships destroy 5 times as many as you have is rewarding. Ground combat is fun even if it's a little bare bones. Tending colonies are not the most fun but not the worst either. As for difficulty, the game is kinda easy when you get the hang of it.Shipbuilding doe! There is no other game that does this as awesome as StarDrive. just oh my god. If you into customization give this game a try! (My english is not the best, thanks for the read anyway! )"
76561198043105166,Recommended,252450,15295795,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,FrankyBG,"The game has its bugs but for the last 10 hours it is really fun to play, recomend it to those which love games like MOO and SOTS 1/2Good diplomacy (except oertes)best ship designFun and easy to playTurn based ground ship combatIt still needs a little work and polishing,smashing bugs , but i think it will be best 4x game for me in 2-3 months :)"
76561198190153402,Not Recommended,252450,19205143,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ashleycarroll88,"The game was fun till I got to the point were my ships and research would not do anything IE: move! Although the research does go through its cycle it never finishes I end up having to research the same tech over and over again, it just never updates. My ships that are built, or the ones I buy, and even the troop transports will not move at the end of the turn. It only happens when I am a good way into the game. At this point it has me very mad because alot of other people are haveing the same problem. If I knew that this was a problem I would not of bought this game. Because I get to a point well into the game and then have to restart because of the ""bug"" or whatever you want to call it. As far as the game is concerned, it is a good game would love to play it ... and actually finish a round!"
76561198053920802,Not Recommended,252450,19202906,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,chad.sims2,"You know I really really wanted to like this game. It's actually really really good. Except it's so darned buggy that I twitch every time I play it. From enemies spinning off the screen endlessly to never be seen or heard from again while I have to retreat or give in (which sucks as you lose your star base), to not being able to click the OK button when a random ship that was undefended gets attacked.I'd like to give it a great review... but it really has some massive bugs to fix."
76561198000174296,Not Recommended,252450,19444540,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ny24,"This game has good ideas and in some parts it is really strong, but it loses its charm because of it's many flaws.I really liked the first part. It felt buggy and weird sometimes but it also felt somehow right and had a lot of good ideas. I never got to finish a match though, because in the end there were always some flaws which made it impossible to continue (always attacking remnant fleets for example which felt immensly like a bug but I couldn't say it was).The second part is similar but loses its real-time focus. In some parts this felt worse: for example my favourite moment from the first game was when ships warped out of a sector and this is gone. But when you play a little bit you get to like the turn-based, more ""strategic"" command of your fleets. Battles are not taking place in the ""real"" map, but in special battle areas, similar to the game Gratuitous Space Battles. This is fine I think.But how these fights get started feels often very strange, for example when an enemy fleet is attacking one of your planets and you put your whole fleet there. On the way, however, the enemy is passing another of your planets. The AI clearly didn't intend to attack this other planet, but since it's in the proximity of this planet it starts a battle and you lose a planet. It's strange and there are a lot of those moments in this game.One other example is a remnant fleet attacking your planet, but since it doesn't have ground troops it just blocks it. Now, I don't know if I'm maybe just to stupid to find it, but you can't stop freighters from transporting food. So this planet was constantly spawning my empty freighters and the remnant ships destroyed them instantly. All in all I feel like there is a lot of options from the first part missing (for example the dialoge with alien races) and replaced with strange other things (like the AI television show). All of this feel like it was put in with a lot of vision but it lacks in execution.I couldn't finish a game there either. I played on easy but the AI constantly spammed me with ships which was just so annoying that I stopped playing. Every round in the end-game was micromanaging for me. And not the fun kind. Sorry StarDrive, I really liked your premise and I really hope you improve. I will stay tuned, but in this state I can't recommend you."
76561197977357623,Recommended,252450,15352371,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,B0BATR0N,"It's good. It's very good. In my opinion it doesn't (yet) surpass the incredible MOO2 but it might be the best space 4X to come out since then. That said it is still something of a rough diamond and there is definitely room for improvement, fortunately the developer is generally responding to constructive criticism and I am hopeful that he will continue to refine the game.The good -The whole game oozes personality, ships look amazing, races are well designed and battles are really impressive.There are some really nice innovations. Designing ships is great fun. Interactions with events and minor races are on the whole well implemented and the way these elements play out is both interesting and rewarding.The diplomacy system - it's innovative and I really like it in principle. Although this is countered somewhat by the limited number of diplomatic interactions.The basic game mechanics are a lot like MOO2 and that, for me at least, is a very good thing.The space battles are a great spectacle and a lot of work has clearly gone into them. There are some weapon balance issues but these are already being looked at and patched.It's generally stable, I have experienced no crashes so far and have encountered only one bug, which has already been fixed. As far as I can tell it's in a much better state than SD1 was on release.The bad -There's only one victory condition and it's via the total elimination of all opponents. I have some concerns that the need for complete eliminations will make the late game a boring grind, this is one of the biggest issues with 4X games in general and I am disappointed that SD2 has not addressed it, at least not yet.There's no benchmarking mechanism to see how you compare to your opponents, there's not even a basic score counter. I realise this is personal taste, to an extent, but for me it is a significant issue and I hope to see it addressed soon.The lack of fleet formations, you fleets turn up for battles in any old shape. This means you can either manually arrange every single ship before any battle or just don't bother, I found my approach quickly became the latter option, and that is irritating and immersion breaking.On the whole the bad bits haven't (so far) detracted from my overall enjoyment of what is a fun game with huge potential. I would unquestionably recommend Stardrive 2 even as it is at present and if improvements continue to be made it could just be the true MOO2 successor that many people have been waiting nearly 20 years for."
76561197985781204,Not Recommended,252450,17529334,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Jicano,"This game started with potiental, more than most games, which is why I bought it. But too many changes in the core gameplay mechanics has derailed its potiental. Lots of bugs, slow-down in late game, and game mechanics that lack explaination have led me to abandon it. I would get a refund if I could. Unfortunatly, I was too enamored with it at first to realize its flaws. By the itme I did, any chance of a refund had come and gone."
76561198012598214,Recommended,252450,15440423,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kitchen Ninja17,"Ok, so this review might sound like i dont like the game,but i do. i really do.so lets start with the bad.1. got all the way to the end of ALL the tech trees, and found that some, not all, but some of the weapons stopped or didnt work at all. and i mean they didnt fire the weapons even when ordered to. these weapons included: phasors, singularity canons, missles (the ones that look like missles, not the tiny ones or the missle pods), artillerly (sometimes they worked, sometimes not.) and some others that i cant recall. mostly the beam weapons would fire, but all i would get would be a light show but no damage done to me or the enemy.2. the other civs think its ok to lose like 20 spys, and think im ok with what they're doing but when i lose ONE spy they think Im the worst creature to ever climb out of the primordial ooze.3. the diplomacy could get some tweaks here and there (more CIV 5, less yes/no diplomacy)4. went to war with the pollops(or what ever they're called) and they invaded my planet. i was sorely out numbered, 3 to 20, and they were badly wounded already, when something mystical happened, my prayer to the God Emperor, Himself were answered. the enemy's ground forces were some how subdued by one of my soldiers growing psychic powers, and forced the enemy to stand still and be torn asunder by laser bolts. Xeno scum didnt know what hit them. ( i some how switched sides and was controlling the enemy ground forces and not my own, so of course i took advantage of that. this has happend 3 times, but after starting a new game it hasn't happened yet)other then what i wrote theres nothing i can think of that i dont like. could there be tweaks to the game? yes.can i point out anything that i havent already? mabye once i play more than 100 hours, and see if there is any more bugs in the system. but other then this i recommend purcase of this game, but thats not my decision to make"
76561198043330923,Not Recommended,252450,16278946,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Razguul,Game feels like a beta release. Lots of bugs and bad combat. Also looks like dev has abandoned it like he did with Stardrive 1.
,Not Recommended,252450,17457084,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Peter B Jordanson,Will star drive 2 finally work in 50 + ship battles with new multi thread supported DX12?Will the large magnitudes of draw calls finally be the end of Star Drive 2's misfortune?!STAY TUNED TO FIND OUT!
,Recommended,252450,15296785,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Emilio,"Really fun game. Excellent visuals, crisp sounds, fun battles.Many people say the AI is cheating and is to hard but I've never experienced it. I think a lot of the difficulty comes from people skipping turns to much."
76561198007638328,Recommended,252450,15293776,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Farflame,"Finally a successor to MOO2! Plays very much like MOO2, same planet management etc and fixes the flaws of SD1 (i.e it's turn-based now). The combat is actually better than the turn-based combat of MOO2, though I was skeptical at first. It's fast enough to be enjoyable, but slow enough that you can give orders to your ships, or just watch how your new designs perform.Research screen is a bit boring but the advances are nice. Some are identical to MOO advances.I like the alien races, though the music doesn't match the MOO diplomacy music. But what does?Ship design screen is simple enough to be intuitive, but complex enough that you can design ships to your requirements.10/10."
76561197961004624,Recommended,252450,15366310,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,xXI Goonie IXx,"I love this game i have spent over 30 hours in it and still working on a campain. I like to expand slow and max out everything and securing it before moving on. Turn base building with real time space fighting is amazing!I would like to see more races in the future though. like 20+ Pretty much just add more pics and randon gen the stats for the campain startEDITEDOk so after 60 hours... I still think this is an amazing game BUT The things this game needs to fix is the dipomacy the AI wants to War all the time even if they are consider a ""good"" race. The AI does cheat and the rules that the human player needs to follow the AI does not for example, If the human player enters the AIs empire space they can kill the ships without going to war. If the AI comes into the human empire and we try to do the same thing we have to go to war with them. ALSO! The AI can claim planets in the human empire but when we do it to the AIs they pretty much delcare war. The pirates only spawn around the human players empire and never anywhere else which is dumb but atleat you can turn off pirates.If the depomacy in this game would to change for the better and have the AI follow the same rules/laws we have to this game would be 10/10 in my books"
,Not Recommended,252450,15299224,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,twitch.tv/tehannihilaterer,"Steam absolutely needs a middle ground between yes and no reccomendations. Everything is here to make a great game, but it just isn't implemented correctly.Rather than say what I do like, I'm going to tell you what will turn you off from playing once the new game smell has dissappated. The AI just rolls in and mucks about creating all sorts of annoyances.  These aren't annoying because they are challenging, it is because it feels cheap.I absolutely do not enjoy the systems in place for taking over planets.More systems need to be put in place to respect the players time.  My biggest annoyances with any 4x are always late game empire management.  The game does not notify you when a planet isn't working on anything.  There are many very simple yet highly needed UI elements that just sap the enjoyment from the game.So I would say that if you are interested in this game, wait for updates."
76561197969039327,Not Recommended,252450,15398378,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,EddyVegas,"(edit) After more play, I have changed my review to thumbs down. We are to version 1.0h, and none of the bugs mentioned below have been addressed. Meanwhile the developer has plans to release a named patch with new features while balance issues still exist. This misplaced sense of priorities makes me think the game will never be balanced, or patched, correctly.The good: It's an addictive 4X game that steals a lot from MOO 2. Many of the tech are taken directly from MOO 2 and choosing one topic locks you out of other choices, just like MOO 2, forcing you to use diplomacy to acquire them. It's a pretty game overall. The switch to turn based play for the galaxy map is a good one. The real time ship battles look great. It has that one more turn feeling. This is Moo 2 brought up to date. That should be good, right?The bad: Here are just some examples to give you an idea of what I'm complaining about.Ship design: it's a fiddly process. The game doesn't remember your previous choices in terms of size and quality of your components, forcing extra clicks as you fine tune your design. Also I have had the game simply refuse to save designs I've spent 10 minutes making, losing my work. Speaking of losing my work, the game will erase your work if you click a new hull. There is no 'mirror mode' that would allow you to quickly apply armor to 2 sides of a ship.The game's soundscape is poor. Some sounds are simply not mixed correctly. The game released with serious balance issues in terms of the different difficulty levels. This has been addressed somewhat in a patch, but still needs work. When being attacked, you can't see the components the enemy ships have. Listening posts and refueling stations have the same icon on the galaxy map, making it impossible to tell which is which at a glance. At the moment, listening posts are bugged and acting like refueling stations. When one of your planets lacks something to build, the on screen notification of that is ridiculously tiny and tucked in the bottom right, making it easy to miss.I hope this gives you an idea of the general state of the game. There are bugs, and there are things that are either just plain wrong, or clunky, when managing your empire. As I said above, the deveoper seems to be more interested in 'building buzz' by releasing a 'superpatch' than polishing his game."
,Recommended,252450,15465811,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Axyl,"What a fantastic game StarDrive 2 is.It's a nice twist on the 4X genre, with the addition of a Shipyard, allowing the player to fully customise the ships in their fleet.Combined with Turn Based Combat Lite as I call it for both ground combat and ship boarding, this is a fully featured 4X strategy game, and the discount for owning the original game (-33%) is a welcome touch also.For £15.40 or £22.99 if you don't own StarDrive 1, this game is well worth your time and money. :)"
76561197970918683,Recommended,252450,15528952,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,acpfirebird,"After over 50 hours of playing I have truely enjoyed the game!! Lots of updates in the past few weeks have gone a long way in improving things. Not too many bugs, but gameplay did need some polishing. The AI is alot better but still keeps it a challenge. Weapon balance has improved and diplomancy is heading in the right direction. Love shipbuilding! Combat is great but large battles can drop your frames.The developer seems really focused on reading feedback and making changes that the player base wants. For an indie game that cost me 22 dollars I highly recommend Stardrive 2."
76561198081737493,Not Recommended,252450,23017888,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Black Master,"The game is seriously bugged. It goes well early game, but mid game I have graphic issues, pleanets stopped building anything end of turn, leaders couldn't be launched. However it could be such a nice strategy game. But this way it is a waste of time."
,Recommended,252450,15368711,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Borsek,"Master of Orion II remastered. If you liked that game you will like this one. Dificulty still has to be fine-tuned, but all in all the game plays and looks great, and is about as close as you can get to a modern MOO2, great job, and worth its price."
,Not Recommended,252450,31922831,Posted: 23 May,all,Sup,This would be TOP 10 favorite games ever.. if it didn't ♥♥♥♥ up and become unplayable every god damn time I played.
,Recommended,252450,22882342,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RonJon,"It really annoys me that the majority of these people giving it a thumbs down says that the developer ABANDONDED Stardrive 1. Read up on details before you spew ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to the rest of the world. Stardrive 1's engine was owned by a company that was letting Stardrive 1 borrow so that the developer could make the 1st one. Said company went out of business and it resulted in them taking back the rights of their engine. THUS meaning the developer could no longer work on Stardrive 1. Read up on details before you talk nonsense, its like submitting a paper in elementary school :)"
76561198007411910,Recommended,252450,16533722,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wolfpost,"I don't know whats with all the negative reviews. They seem to be mostly about bugs in the game. I don't know I just bought it a few days ago so maybe the last patch fixed most of them? I am having a great time playing the game. It's simple enough to dive right in but a little tricky to beat. The only bugs I have experienced is once for whatever reason, my ship went to a solar system and the game refused to reveal the planets in it until I went away and came back. The other POSSSIBLE bug is I can't seem to unload my troops from the transports but that may be my fault on just not knowing how to do it. Otherwise, the game has worked great for me and is loads of fun."
76561198030864700,Recommended,252450,22917528,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,KhashFirestorm,"I love the game. I have no idea why it gets so low reviews, and for me it is the core title for this type for whole generation. Better by large margin than Stellaris or GC3, not to mention other titles trying to be anywhere close.What is bonus for me:- ship customization is vast and makes difference, its not just small adjustments, it all matters- battle tactics, allows you to change result of the battle if you play smart and know what your units advantages and disadvantages are- Technology tree is interesting and very hard to obtain complete there is awlways pick 1 of 3 techs in each branch and each tech level so technology trade makes difference- other races does trade with you (which is sometimes strangely not common in 4x games where AI see you only as thread and they do their best to do not give you anything of value, which was most annoying in Civ series diplomacy)- nice interesting perks for race customization allowing you to make race which is fairly normal or very different from what you could encounter in other places. One of the perks allows you to build Titan size spaceships from the start... but at any stage you cannot build smaller sapceships making it interestingly different experience.- Heroes are very nice and interestingNegatives- tactical unit battle is crude, it can be mostly avoided if you have DLC- no multiplayer"
76561198006759626,Not Recommended,252450,29454098,Posted: 23 January,all,Ogiwan,"It tries to be spiritual sucessor to Masters of Orion.It fails.If you want a real 4X game, look elsewhere."
76561198040120282,Not Recommended,252450,15317757,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,dracon501,"I currently have logged over 24 hours in game time and felt the need to express my opinion about Stardrive 2. My time with Stardrive 2 has been very up and very down.Let's start with the up's. First the price of the game is competitive with other indi games. Second the races are fairly balanced. Third the tech tree that forces you to skip a particular tech but later aquire it through trade is a fantastic idea, forcing you to expand your playstyle into areas you might not have chosen with diplomacy mattering. Fourth is designing ships. Seeing a ship that you custom built wreck the universe is one of the best parts of the game. Last is having the ship battles being free moving and not on a grid. Gridded ship battles would have been so much easier to create but free moving ships that can dodge with a proper timed burst of speed or be swarmed with smaller ships is the best.Now the worst. Bad starting systems can spell doom on turn one. Having a hero buff three even four planets can be such a huge boost to playability that getting stuck with only one hurts bad. Next is wormholes. Wormholes often give a direct perment route to your home solar system which spells doom for the player as the AI seems to cheat with ship building production. Also on the topic of wormholes a mysterious race will nonstop attack you with much more advanced ships when you least can afford to be attacked from special random wormholes. Most of my playtime was spent turtling due to wormholes. Kind of kills the explore part of 4X. Special research is avaliable but has to be turned on and off with a slider by the user and isn't explained very well. Hell sliders don't work well at all due to zero percise control of the numaric imput. Ships need a testing ground because important battles have been lost because a ship did not function as I believed it would. DO NOT USE MISSLES. Take my word for it. Last is the stability/loading issues. I did have a few nothing a autosave load didn't fix but after patch 1 I cannot load a campaign more than 33% rendering that mode useless. Deleted the game and redownloaded but same issue. I guess I will wait for patch 2.At the moment I feel very torn about the game. It is very much a 4x game but with amazing RTS portions that make it very fun to play but the speed you make contact with hostile AI combined with often lack luster starts can force rerolls untill a viable start can be had. That paired with the INABILITY TO PLAY THE GAME makes it where I cannot recommend the game to anyone who is reading this. Maybe in a month when it has been properly patched but that is another review."
76561198070963888,Not Recommended,252450,23369558,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,sinned700,There a bug where your planets do not build anything to help your empire.
76561198105923023,Recommended,252450,21671885,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Tyler Rhodes,"people say it's buggy, broken, ""do not buy"", bad developer, blah,blah,blah... i've only encountered 1 bug. and it's been fixed. i ♥♥♥♥ing live this game. but buy it on sale and get the star wars mod.a bit more fun than usual."
,Recommended,252450,15292064,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"I wanted to hate this game. After the fiasco with StarDrive 1, I was ready to ream this game's freshly minted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... but I will not get that opportunity. It's a competent, interesting 4X Strategy game that has built upon the previous iterations faults although it still features a lot of the same graphical and art assets. Well done, Zero_Sum... I never thought I'd ever enjoy blowing up Space Bears.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l13AAVg_m3M"
76561197976570778,Recommended,252450,15524061,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ie,Keep coming back for more. Good game. Works well in linux.
76561198036732153,Not Recommended,252450,22886226,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Proxy,"basically exactly the same as Stardrive 1, same races, same race pictures, same graphics, same everything basically. Sector Zero is the only thing that will make this not exactly like SD1 other wise ur buying an exact copy of SD1 with slight changes. also the games pretty boring.only buy this on a sale thats more then 50% offActually dont Buy Masters of Orion or Stellaris instead they are much better games"
76561198000644925,Recommended,252450,31226153,Posted: 18 April,all,×º°”˜`”°º×Mr Korrrn×º°”˜`”°º×,"I'm very conflicted if I should recomend this game or not. The concept of the game is great the design is good and overall it is a fun game. The big problem is you do not get the feeling the game is completed. The space battles gets boring and you feel limited. The ships seem compared to the first one and the modules are limited.On the otherhand you do have freedom in designing your ships works within your empire, Its easy to learn how it works simplefied.In the end I did play 44h and that's something you cant say about most single player games. Even tho I think the first one was better."
76561198073790598,Recommended,252450,15543485,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,frostyflake_2000,"Masters of Orion 2 is back, no sense arguing about it. Is this a good thing? Yes it is. Hells yes it is.  Didn't even need the tutorial. I may even stop using dosbox to play the original.  Also, I hear the development 'team' comprises of mainly one man?Dang.well done One man."
76561197962492940,Not Recommended,252450,17239484,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Turboguy!,"Unbelievably poorly done in comparison to the streamlined well thought out way Stardrive 1 played. I'm sorry to say that I am not only disappointed with ths game, but, were I able to, would get a full refund."
76561198040744217,Not Recommended,252450,15425021,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,SMoneyMonkey,Less disappointing than the first.  AI feels as tacked on as it does in most multi player games.  Game rather quickly becomes sluggish.
76561198006937497,Not Recommended,252450,17572031,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Karede,"I would love to recommend this game. It has a lot of promise, but it is simply too unpolished to be considered great or even good. Every game basically starts the same, Same unoriginal encounters, same spawn problems. Even choosing the largest possible map (100 systems) the game always seems to spawn all the races right on top of each other. Meaning that normal 4x expansion and exploration is severely limited as you are effectively boxed in from the start. Ground combat is a joke. It is nearly impossible to defeat the bear race on the ground, they will walk over any garrison you build no matter what tech you have. Other races will often make unreasonable demands, even if you are friendly or allied with them. The Opteris, for example, demanded several of my worlds in order to not declare war on me, even though we were allies at the time. I've also had races declare war on me only a few turns after meeting me. It doesn't seem that the faction relations (good, bad, hostile, whatever) have any bearing on how that race reacts to you. The game does have a decent shipyard though, allowing you to customize any ship with upgrades and new tech to your hearts desire. With time and work put in, the game could be great, but at this time, even after patches, it is still lacking."
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,252450,22013612,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Blackadar,"The initial impressions of SD2 are positive. It is exceptionally similar to MOO2. I know it is common to say that when discussing any space 4X game but it is really true in this instance. The pace of the game, the way research is conducted, the complexity and scope of the game is almost exactly like Masters of Orion 2. There were a couple of good ideas from Stardrive 1 that carried over including the factions and the ship builder. I love the graphical style too.If that impression held throughout I would give StarDrive 2 a firm ""good"" rating. I've never played any 4x that evoked so much from MOO2 which is generally a good thing. The feel of the game is very similar to that classic game, down to the research options. The art style is wonderful, the ship builder is exceptional and the AI is more than competent (in fact, it's brutal). There's a lot to like in the game.But it falls down in a few areas and could use quite a bit of work.The middle to end game is not very good. Every game will devolve into the same pattern - at some point you'll expand too much, your neighbors will get upset and it's just all-out war at that stage. There are no really cool random events to upset the balance of power and no distractions to occupy the player's attention elsewhere. It's a drudgery of cycling through building on planets, pushing units around, auto-resolving battles and repeat. This is a common problem in 4x games but it's magnified here because there is only one victory condition - extermination. Thus the entire endgame falls apart and the whole game breaks down.Which brings me to the next problem......the Victory Conditions. The player has no choice and it becomes very tedious. Instead of building a consensus or achieving enlightenment or fighting some external foe, I'm forced into a policy of being a ruthless warmonger. That's not a lot of fun IMO.The random events are exceptionally limited. Usually it's me getting .5 fewer food per farmer. Big deal. Where are meteor showers or a comet to explore? Where's a powerful earthquake that changes the orbit of a planet, a new resource to be discovered, a really cool derelict ship to add to my fleet, an uprising by an alien species or things like that? The ""?"" in space tiles seem to be exceptionally limited and not very interesting.The diplomacy system needs work. That's putting it nicely. Diplomacy is a train wreck. I like the fact that we can't spam requests to rob the AI blind, but often I'm so hamstrung I have an option of either a non-aggression pact or a trade agreement because there aren't enough points to get both. Considering I have to do this every 30 or so turns, this part of the game feels woefully underdeveloped. There aren't any options for long-term peace, coalitions or friendships which then leads to the train-wreck ending of extermination because nothing else is possible.I also think the spy system needs work too. I don't feel like the AI is playing the game game when it comes to esponiage. It seems that they have far greater opportunities to take techs from me whereas I have to wait far longer. My spies seem to get caught almost immediately. So this part of the ""game"" it just shunted aside - I build a half dozen spies, put them on defensive and ignore this aspect. Why? Because building enough spies to accumulate 500 points and THEN using land troops to steal a tech is a heck of a lot of work. Nice idea, but the reward just isn't worth it.Finally, I'd suggest making the actual building portion of the game a bit more interesting. One good thing from Gal Civ 2 were the special tiles that were on planets - some gave more food, others more production, others more science, etc. It made building more strategic in nature and helped foster better planet specialization. I'd love to see something similar in SD2.SD2 has a good foundation. It's just that Zero never expanded upon it - and when he finally did, it was to charge for DLC to fix fundamental, core problems with the base game. SD2 is one of the biggest disappointments in my library because it is so close to being so good but never fulfilled that promise. Thus the base game can not earn a recommendation. Your money is better spent elsewhere."
76561198002864096,Not Recommended,252450,23738944,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Scrub,"Played this game a bit since it came out.  Never was really deep enough - short tech trees, lack of diplomacy nuance - or diverse enough -AI styles were rigid, every game would play the same in battles, negotiations.  But this last update I've played maybe six games trying to match even a LITTLE of what the AI can do for growth AND tech,  I cannot compete in EITHER.  I've gone middle of the road expansion/research and to the extremes all one or the other and EVERYTIME I have an opponent that occupies more space, has FAR more ships than I do and applies tech to a level I cannot.I have loved these games since Master Of Orion, but must say this one is now so unbalanced as to be broken.  Game after game you are left in the dust and crushed, no real chance to fight back.  I'm done with it."
,Recommended,252450,30139894,Posted: 24 February,all,L|t|E|Luetti,"Game-Version: v1.4 as of 24.02.2017As I have seen no serious review so far, well, here it goes. It is my first, so I'd be glad for productive criticism!I don't really get why, but this game isseverlyunderrated due to people who seemingly aren't capable of handling the not-always-obvious complexity of the game.First of all, I would like to adress a few things mentioned in other reviews:- I have read reviews about massive, ""unbeatable"" AI star fleets needing the ""impossible"" amount of 200 Command points. I have 4 Fleets needing 40 CP each, and calculating the combat CP of one of them, I am at 252 due to frigates and corvettes. That is as much as I have to say to this manner.- There are bugs, especially considering random fodder appearing near fleets, fleets which disappear (the fodder will still be there), and so on. I even managed to get into a ""resolve ground combat"" loop which forced me to alt-F4 out of the game. However, there is no real game breaker so far, as the game saves each turn and before each combat. Most of them are of cosmetic nature. A few (like reappearing dialogue options which unlock the very same science projects) are quite hilarious, but everyone with some kind of memory should be able to handle it.- And here goes my personal favorite:""Spam colony ships.Take over 2/3s of the galaxy.Get your 3 super-powerful fleets wiped from the face of said galaxy by blatantly broken ""balance"" mechanics for the AI.Uninstall.""Nothing to add. Dude, you are at the wrong kind of game. Simply take a look at the huge penelaties over-sized empires ;) (Expanding to fast? You lack all the rest.)So here comes my pro/con, despite the ones already handled:PRO- You can design your own ships, allowing you to create own tactics - do you want specialised ships working together? Do you want an all-rounder? Choose yourself!- Intense depth of gameplay and unbelievable complexity. You play your first 3 campaigns and you are pretty much assured to get the hell blown out of you. Trieing the 4th time, you hopefully know about the fleet mechanics, the economic difficulties and tweaks and the leaders fitting your playstyle. And you will still be beaten, until you mastered the balance between all 4X aspects and rule the galaxy. This is something many 4X games lack in my opinion. And sth that should not be missing at all!- Punishment for unbalanced approaches, if kept over long time. Not like having a massive fleet improves your planetary infrastructure, you know?^^CON- Missing move command for simply rotating a ship in tactical combat? I have tried it for a full of 1min before winning the battle anyway. So far, an attack order is needed, with the target in engagement range, to let the ship rotate onto the target without gaining directional speed. MEH.- Missing rotation in fleet deployment- Missing multiplayer entirely. Although it is turn-based (except space-combat and events).- Bugs. Even if most of them are cosmetical, and no real game-breaker is present, some of them require you to load the latest autosave (which doesn't loose you much, as in any progress at all) or force you to kill the process, may it be with alt-F4 or via the task manager.- Neutral, hostile fleets are simply overpowered in early game. My first playthrough got eXterminated - by the Masters. My second? By the masters. Howling wolves stormed my apartment at the third, so that one is not due to neutrals. Oh wait, my military forces vanquished against them just 2 turns to eXtermination. Who cares. I managed to handle them quite well on later playthroughs, though.- Spy-o-mania. That is completely up to everyone himself to decide, but I simply dislike the massive spam of spies getting in my empire. And later in the game, the whole events-bar gets spammed with killed, ""enemy"" spies.- Missing possibility to form alliances. This is a major con as it's simply stripping a major part of gameplay and strategic planning.- Enemy factions limited to a number of eight, as remaining peoples to choose from. Why a con? Because tree.All in all I can recommend this title to all hardcore 4X-fans who can oversee cosmetical bugs and got nothing against reloading a savegame every once in a while (as in ""every 2-3 hours of gameplay"" (I may have been lucky)). But I do mean ""hardcore 4X-fans"" who got nothing against loosing quite a few times before being able to do anything real, and who intend to get into the complexity of the game before expecting accomplishments. If you are more of the casual player who just wants to game on - well, move on. You will be terribly punished by this game as well as any 4X title worth of his genre."
76561197996650480,Recommended,252450,25666283,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Alex,"I picked this game up when it was on sale when the overall reviews were positive rather than mixed, and I have to say that I am really glad that I did, because it is actually a rather good game with a unique character and sense of humour running through.Most of the negative reviews concentrate on the bugs and difficulty of the game.  I don't really understand this.  I get the occasional bug and have to re-load a save now and then, but it certainly is not bug-ridden as many reviews imply.It is a hard game because your enemies will send massive fleets against you and if you don't manage to defeat them in the first battle and lose your entire fleet, chances are you will not be able to recover.  It is very satisfying when the tide of war turns in your favour.Once you have learnt to design your ships effectively and understand the balance of research, construction, expansion and conquest, you will find progressing through the game very enjoyable because unlike most 4x4 games, it remains a challenge right up to the end.  The AI is clever enough not to engage you in battle unless it thinks it can win.There are little sub-quests and unusual things to be discovered in the galaxy, which keeps you interested when you first start playing.  The ship design aspect is excellent and it's fun to see how the different weapon systems work out.  The aliens are varied and interesting.  Dipolmacy can be very effective and I find I use it a lot more than in most 4x4 games.As it is such a hard game, I'll end my review with some tips.  Keep your ships fast and manoeuvre the fleet manually to avoid the initial barrage of rockets from the enemy.  If your ships are fast and manoeuvrable they can avoid a lot of the slow heavy rockets the AI often likes to use and you can run rings around their ships, attacking them from the rear with laser or beam weapon turrets.  If you have shields and your enemy doesn't, use hit and run tactics to give your shields time to recharge as their armour will be permanently damaged.  If the enemy has shields as well, then keep manoeuvring until they have used all their rockets then close for the kill.Use diplomacy to get the technologies you need if you can't research them.  Shields and good engines will beat a slow and well armoured ship, unless that ship also has shields and equal beam weapons.The Pollops are probably the easiest race to play as, because their ships have so much space for weapon hardpoints.  They are weak in ground combat, but you can blockade the enemy planets to stop them building fleets while you build up your troops.The game is very much inspired by the old MOO2 game and it feels like an improved and modern version of that game."
76561198168563122,Not Recommended,252450,16292698,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,WeaponPlatForm32,"Game is not bad, but would not recommend based on ship combat system."
76561197986124135,Not Recommended,252450,15311840,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jorie,Loved the first Stardrive.  The sequel is a good game.But.... So many things just feel wrong with it.Its a great game. Just dont expect a true Stardrive sequel.
,Not Recommended,252450,15309159,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,✫ Aionion,"NOT your traditional 4x game4x =  ""eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate""This game isheavilycombat focused. The only way to win is to eXterminate. From the very beginning, you are met with hyper aggressive ai pirates and crystals entities who invade your space.The design philosophy here is that you MUST be combat-centric in order to survive and succeed. You MUST focus on military and defenses. This is not a matter of subjective, personal opinion, even the dev has stated this is necessary.And that is why it deviates from the traditional, popular, successful 4x genre that most 4x fans enjoy.  This game is a 0x, 0x, 0x, 1x game.The real problem with the design: No Freedom...this is not an empire building game. It's not an exploration game. It's not a ""focus on advancement game"". It's not a diplomacy game. It's purely a ""do specific actions so you are as efficient as possible."" Why? Because the AI is incredibly efficient and does not play as a human being would (flawed) or simulated race would, it plays as a computer trying to be as efficient as possible and does so with no setbacks.I yearn for the days of MOO and MOO2, even Gal Civ series. These were 4x games that did it right. They allowedfreedomin how the player would mold their empire and interact with the universe. You have no such freedom here.A 4x game (whether it is set in space or otherwise, typically gives the player the opportunity to focus on non-military philosophies. You can't do that with SD2, it's all about military power and having it as early as possible, and having as much of it as possible.A 4x game typically allows you the freedom to focus on being the most advanced race. You can't with SD2, it's all about military power and having it as early as possible, and having as much of it as possible.I, like many playhers, enjoy turtle races, taking the higher road, the more benevolent path. Focus on maximizing colonies to their fullest potential, maximizing diplomacy, maximizing technology, and having a big stick (advanced military) that is capable or sufficient, but isn't needed for rapid expansion or constant defenses due to hyper-aggressive ai. You can't do that with SD2, it's all about military power and having it as early as possible, and having as much of it as possible.Cool mechanics, good graphics...all goofed up because of silly design choices that require the player to focus on military might or else.SD2 does do some things right, but when it comes to allowing the player to play a variety of strategies and roles...it fails miserably IMO.Easy Mode?A recent patch was implemented to make it ""easier"" for those who felt the ai was too aggressive. What this did was made it so you had a slightly better chance at combat in the beginning. You still have to focus on establishing a strong military however.In other words, the patch address the concerns of those who wish to focus on combat and aggressive play by making it easier for them to do so...but it does absolutely nothing for the fans of the 4x genre who actually enjoy different strategies other than combat.  You are still requierd to quickly build up a solid defense and military so you can succeed.ConclusionFor those who are wanting a traditional 4x space game like the classic such as Masters of Orion or Galactic Civilization, you will not find it here. You will be heavily disappointed.For those who prefer to play with a very aggressive military, focus on combat and a large or advanced military (as it is required), you will probably enjoy the game.As others have said in the forums, the inspiration for this game does not appear to be the traditional 4x space game, but rather rts games (SC2 for example). The game probably would have been better received if it were an RTS actually as that is the crowd that seems to enjoy it the most.""Combat! Combat! Combat!""  If that isn't your ""rallying cry"" for what you want in a game...then Star Drive 2 probably isn't going to appeal to you as that is all it is, a space combat sim...and one that you really need to be efficient in as the AI does not make mistakes or cut corners when it comes to building fleets or engaging yours."
,Not Recommended,252450,16497763,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,beer_fridge,"I came into this game open minded and very excited after watching a friend play it. After spending several hours into a game only to find it end as a result of one of the NUMEROUS bugs was more than frustrating. This should NOT be the trend with game releases. Although there is a great deal of potential here, I am highly satisfied as the bugs completely ruin the experience for me."
,Not Recommended,252450,32191962,Posted: 4 June,all,Jericho,"Its... Its just plain not as good as the first one. Having the fighting go into a minigame sucks, because having a small force holding the line is ♥♥♥♥ing badass when your titanic fleet arrives to shove a size thirteen up the enemies♥♥♥♥♥and crush them between the planet and your anger."
76561197970596412,Recommended,252450,15323309,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mallikanth,"Ignoring the history of SD1 and just looking at this, yes, it has it's issues but so far Zero (Developer) has been working on fixing them and currently I don't see why that would change in the short to medium term.Enjoying it so far. It's good fun and easy on the eye.I'm looking forward to it developing further over time.Go buy it."
,Recommended,252450,15311648,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DalekDan,"Lots of people saying this game is too hard, hasn't been my experience (on normal)  and most of the reviews with that tagline seem to have missed the patch which made easy easier.Pros: Beautiful and fun space battles, and smooth and quick strategic turns, simply no other 4x I've ever played has transitioned from turn to turn so well - its a joy to hit the end turn button. Good atmoshpere, and a nice mix of aliens and plenty of customision to make your own distinct faction out of them, and a solid tech-tree that manages to create replayability without forcing random chance (often hard luck - looking at you SOTS).Cons: Land combat is a little meh, and on some planets its hard to see where you can move/attack, but honestly this is an extra...Good game. Do buy."
76561197970656751,Not Recommended,252450,15437851,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Le_kAmiKaZe,"I was charmed at first but after a few hours the flaws become really annoying.1. Diplomacy means nothing. Its more of a hunger-games type of AI, it will leave you alone if theres somebody else to kill but as soon as one war is finished it will declare war on you even if you just had multiple good trades and a solid history of friendship with a race.2. AI is ridiculously overpowered. I need to play on easy with a galaxy rich in everything to make up for it, otherwise at some point you get zerged by the AI with its infinite fleet.3. Your population feels more like chess pawns more than anything. Whatever your approval rating is, i have yet to see a revolt. They dont really seem to have expectations, aspirations, your victories or defeat dont seem to affect them at all.4. Ground battles needs work. They arent really fun.5. The only way to know who owns what seems to be with colors. Can we have a little text saying the planet is owned by x race?6. You can have a large empire but only 4 leaders. When you play on large galaxy its not a alot. A system where each star system automatically have a governor with bonus/malus would be a nice addidtion, and replacing the governor could have some kind of impact.Overall its not a bad game, but it needs work to win my recommendation."
76561198047851043,Recommended,252450,21823953,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Judah,"I like 4X games and I’ve been watching this game for a while.  Honestly I didn’t think much of it especially when half of the reviews here are negative.  However, I recently heard from the developer that he was planning on releasing a new DLC that would greatly improve the game and fix the bugs.  Well that started to peak my interest some more.  After reading a lot of positive reviews and seeing that most of the negative ones are very nit-picky I finally jumped in and purchased it and the DLC. I must say that I am very impressed with the love, polish and attention to detail that is felt when playing this.  You can tell that the Dev cares about the overall state of the game being bug free and he is very active in the forums.This is a good 4X game and I recommended it to anyone who is looking to scratch that 4X itch.  And BTW, don’t pay attention to the negative reviews."
76561197986233155,Recommended,252450,15513068,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DinnerTimeFun,"It's as close as you're going to get to Master of Orion 2 in a 4x game. Parts of the gameplay are almost better than MOO2, but this game is really buggy so don't say I didn't warn you."
76561197981065759,Not Recommended,252450,15660870,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Don Puzur,"There are a lot of reviews for this game that speak of the good sides of this game but to be honest, it is all eclipsed by the same problem that StarDrive had, his first StarDrive game.. and that is the incredibly lackluster performance, I could have accepted it in an early access version. Though it seems he has elected to release what I would say is a bit too shoddy at least on the performance side to really call a ""full release"" but that is of course a preference-thing.What I am trying to say is that the performance is terrible and that when you get to the titan-ships and the likes, you're going to lag your face off in the big space-battles that are kind of the cool things about this.TL;DR, PERFORMANCE-ISSUES ARE VERY PREVALENT"
76561197975486363,Not Recommended,252450,34365638,Posted: 19 August,all,Holy_Sinner,"I came back to retry this game after several months; the initial version was just unbearable, the current version is much better but is still missing... something.So theres some production bugs with enemies, approval on blockaded planets remains at 60% yet when your own planets are blockaded they drop much further. An example of this would be blockading enemy planet with a population of 5 and still pumping out a cruiser every 2-3 turns from said planet. Vanilla Vulfar will zerg rush you, destroy a fleet with CP of 20, in two turns you will be fighting a near identical fleet, in two turns a near identical fleet... gets quite repetitive.Diplomacy interface could use some work, looks and feels like a Total War diplomacy menu/mechanic except AI doesn't get penalized by your race for espionage but will penalize your relations for espionage actions.Which brings us to in my opinion, the most broken mechanic in the game - espionage. Biggest peeve - its integrated into the diplomacy menu poorly. Granted you can crank out spys in 1 turn, this feels like the AI is somehow managing to spam you with ships, crank out spies and steal your tech simultaneously without getting a relations penalization. But if your spy gets caught you lose relations with that race for like 50 turns or something godawful and the kicker is these penalties stack for you as the player. Espionage acts take 250-500 espionage points, nothing wrong there, to plant a mole to steal tech is 500 points, figure each spy generates 1 point by default and while generating points must roll to not be destroyed by counterintelligence - which penalizes you, not AI relations. Then you plant 1 mole which sacrifices an offensive spy and usually gets intercepted within 10 turns. YET the AI is able to steal tech from you back to back on turns early game (pre battleships) so I'm not sure if the machinic is broken but espionage system needs a LOT of work, complete overhaul even.I think that ground combat mechanics of the original were better, customization of troops is nice, limits are'nt but theres tricks to get around it, you can max troops on every planet except the one thats donating troops to all the others. The combat missions are a nice touch though.Cannot customize starbases! They level like your fighters with tech research which is pretty lame.Once you figure out the strategy of the game, its pretty much wash rinse repeat. Even with randomizing personalities or creating and assigning your own it still breaks down to cheap corvette missle spam early game, shields and DPS or spam fighters mid game and if you make it to late game (without beating the AI or getting one of the victory conditions) canopy shields and chaos cannons (i think thats what they're called - purple pieces) but you propbably wont see a late game unless you start out very isolated. If you want a challenge start next to Vulfar so they can spam you with missile cruisers right as you get a decent fleet going, by then another faction will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you for trying to steal thier tech or expanding to more than 3 systems and the Vulfar will magically get a better shield tech than you have traded to them.I'd like to see better/more modding, I'm not a big fan of the turn base (I just use pause in the original for planning), fix espionage system, creatable starbases, blockade mechanic/production spamming by AI - theres other ways to make AI challenging than allowing it to ""cheat"". Not much replayability at this time. Hope to see that change.So as much as I like it as a game and it want to be MOO, these lacking features after being released for so long and no action taken by the developer I have to not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,252450,20741712,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,slavemaster,"Was hoping that developer will do better this time, but he failed. Again. The game is out for 9 month already, and what do we have? Stardrive decided to become more MOO-like, with a few interesting ideas, but it failed at implementation.Space battles: realtime ""wall vs wall"" style with no tactics involved, you just stand and shoot with arty while your fighters keep enemies occupied. There are abilities, 2 of them, both useless cause you have to activate them for each ship separately. No formation moves. No random stuff like asteroids or junk. Selection often bugs out and selects the wrong ship. There is a slow-mode, but no fast-mode, so in the lategame i just alt-tabed from battle and went for a tea/surf net/whatever. And with lots of stuff in battle it drops to a few FPS, so why didn't he either optimise it or make a turn-based one - i have no idea.Ground battles: oh god. Why did you  even put it in here? It is the most basic turn-based tactical combat I have ever seen. With a separate loading screen. With a really strange battle system, when you have to wait till enemy comes closer so you can shoot a salvo (if you go forward, you will shoot only once). And it lags even more, so you get lags with only a bunch of people fighting.AI: that one is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Declares a war when he has no fleet, demands tribute and uses his fleets REALLY bad. In the first game AI could just raid you everywhere, now he just cheats. Every his planet has a negative income, every his fleet is over his limit (2-5 fleets of that size would eat really A LOT), but he somehow manages to get even more of that stuff.Empire screen: if you copy something from another game that was good, why not to copy ALL the features? That screen lacks half of the functions you would want and expect.Visuals: the only thing that is good and not bugged in that game, but really, how can you make a buggy graphics?Diplomacy: well, already mentioned it in battles and AI section, it is simply ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Races: MOO set of traits, that was, imho, done worse. Why do metal-made creatures eat food and not production? No idea.Planets: a beautiful screen from GalCiv without GalCiv functions. Why would you even bother to do that hex-based map if it is just a simple list of buildings and provides no bonuses for special tiles or connections? And yeah, automatic management of colony is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ too, it places people on farming when planet DOESNT EVEN HAVE IT!Ship design: well, it may be called somewhat good. Except that it is worse than original. And weapons dont show you their DPS.Oh, and I forgot: game is so bugged that even after killing every other race (there are no other win conditions anyway), you dont win. Why? I dont know.The game tries to be a ""jack of all trades"", but it did not only become ""master of none"", but it actually failed to be average in every field. If it doesn't get a good patch or update - it is unplayable. Some people ask about DLC, but really, how can you sell us TWICE one product? Cause current version is nothing more but alpha.------------------------update with the first DLCSo now dev actually released it. With propper implementation of what he promised to do in the based game. One detail: it costs the half of the original game. So you will have to buy it or you will not that content in a form it was supposed to be on release.Worst dev's attitute to buyers I have ever seen so far."
76561198018438262,Not Recommended,252450,24741703,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,WarriorOfStark,"I bought this game on release because I was a massive fan of Stardrive 1, i know that Zero abandoned that game for his reasons but it was still a solid game, made more so by mods :)But this game I just cannot play anymore, I left it to be fixed as on release it was incomplete and buggy, but still kinda fun.The main problem is, even if bugs are fixed, this game will never take off. why? because Paradox released a game called Stellaris...Forget this game, go check that one out. Also, im sorry Zero, you are certainly talented, but making your OWN games may not be the best thing for you"
76561198042585230,Not Recommended,252450,25804129,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ltmarlfox,"I really enjoyed the first game quite a bit.  This sequel was such a radical departure from the first that it's become unplayable.  The AIs expand and outproduce the player extremely quickly and the UI is not intuitive at all.  The turn based strategy map also seems to slow down the game and when the player is getting butchered or outproduced at every turn it takes forever for anything else to happen.  Research is interminably slow, moving fleets around is like playing a more boring version of chess while sitting in mollasses.I would not recommend this game.  The first StarDrive would be a much better purchase."
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,252450,23085846,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,realxavier,"Nice orion 2 clone, but UI was defenetly created to suffer... And alot of minor bugs like reappearing of destroyed free buildings each turn, reappearing of quest options you have already used, constant notification of idle planets that just build money and etc."
76561197969198360,Recommended,252450,21755299,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,freejack,This is the best spiritual successor to MOO even more so than the current reboot in EA. Combines the quirkiness of the MOO2 along with one of the best ship design systems in a 4x game. Aside from a few bugs I'm having a blast. Keep in mind the game is being developed by one guy. I feel reviews should reflect the amount of effort and heart a team/person/company puts into it also.
,Recommended,252450,21759073,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,n00n3h3r3,"This game is basically what happens if Master of Orion II and Galactic Civilizations had a baby. If you felt that GalCiv was boring or you want a more modern MOOII, then this is the game for you. So this is the work on one guy, whichis super impressive given the size and scope of the game. Not even the new Master of Orion is as ambitious. Sadly this leads to a major problem. Unfortunately even with the latest patches and DLC, it's still buggy.  It's very playable, but there are still bad bugs like if you destroy a civilization before destroying all of their starbases, then you can't destroy them afterward since ""It requires you to declare war"" on the non-existent civ. Teams have a hard enough time getting stuff shipped and working, I can only imagine what it's like for a single programmer who outsources the graphical work. Testing must be a nightmare given the games's complexity. Still if you can look past bugs that appear once every 8 or so hours, it's a fun game."
76561198010111321,Recommended,252450,21740300,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Oak,Better then GC 3 in every way. The functional ship design and ground battles alone are worth it.
,Recommended,252450,21809816,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[GoD] Alyas Grey,"I happen to think, now that the Sector Zero DLC is out, that StarDrive 2 is the best space 4X since Master of Orion 2... and it takes A LOT of design cues from that all-time classic.  The tile-based ship design is particularly interesting and I actually like the research system that many people seem to be complaining about.  Rather than being able to research everything in the game you have to choose between one tech for each level of a particular scentific discipline.  It helps differentiate individual empires during a game and gives the player some decisions that can radically alter each playthrough by picking a different technology in the early game.  Perhaps you would rather have each farmer produce an extra 2 food on farmable planets rather than being able to place an airponics(air-grown plants) facility on any planet, including those planets who can't normally be farmed which produces a flat 5 food per turn.  The improved farming technique would add up quite fast, but airponics would make colonizing more hostile planet-types easier...  without airponics they cannot produce food at all which means any potential colonists must import food via freighters.What can I say, I am an absolute sucker for games that force you to make substantial decisions rather than just providing the illusion of making serious decisions.  If you can unlock everything via research then every game will look almost the same, and there is a reason I never could get into games like StarCraft 2 where there seem to be single optimal strategies and deviation or slow fingers means certain doom.:SidMeiersAcePatrolMissionLeader:"
76561198066490956,Not Recommended,252450,16785298,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Aesius the Conqueror,"StarDrive 2 is not by any means, a bad game. That being said, it is incredibly small for a 4x game. After one short play through you will have experienced all the random events and found all the strange anomalys. It's ship designers is a direct downgrade from StarDrive 1, which is a real shame considering that was one of it's best features. The AI isn't horrible, but it also does not act naturally or organically by any means. It will provide a challenge, never researching the wrong tech or mishandling it's economy. The ground combat is a direct improvement over the first game's, with chess-like turn-based battles that are satisfying but easy to win once you know what gear to use and have one of the few heroes who mop the floor with ground based units. The game doesn't take itself seriously enough, with the dialogue of your enemies simply being silly and somewhat childish, which is a unique twist when it comes to the genre but in my opinion not a good choice. Rather than introducing a universe and advanced species with a lot of lore and depth, we get plant like creatures who act cute and cuddly, space bears who act like japanese samurai, and space lycans who act like dumb evil dogs who miracuously managed to get into space. The space battles, although in theory would be fun, are unplayable without a CPU with the minimum power of 3.5 GHz quad-core (even then you will lag with the largest battles) once the AI creates fleets which numbers are in the hundreds, all firing 20 projectiles a second. Late game, this issue renders the game unplayable for a lot of those who have purchased the game, including myself. This is the game breaking issue for me, because although the base game is somewhat underwheling in comparison to other 4x games, if I were able to play into the late game without lagging to death I could add some pretty great mods to turn this into a game I put a bunch of hours into, as well as continue my support for the developer. So overall, the game isn't terrible, but I would not recommend paying more than $15 for it, and that is only if you are really itching for a new 4x game."
76561198025147893,Recommended,252450,21824078,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,phreakinowski,"This game is exactly what I was looking for, it hits all the right elements for a deep strategy turn based 4X game.  I am extremely pleased with it's depth (the tech tree is HUGE!), the various races and flavor text are engaging and often a bit humourous, and I have no doubt it will have a ton of replayability as a result.  It's possible this game was once a bit buggy based on older reviews, but I can happily report that as of yet I have encountered no bugs at all, zero!  This is the game that Endless Space should have been (but was too buggy to ever work right).  The only thing lacking at the moment is more modding in the workshop.  This game could potentially have a very long life with additional DLCs and more modding options, but even in it's current state it offers incridible depth and is extremely satisfying to play once you understand it's nuances.  If you are at all fruustrated starting out, just go watch a Let's Play video or two on YouTube and it will quickly allow you to understand the game dynamics so you can dive in and have a blast.  This game is worth it at full price and an absolute must purchase if you can ever see it on sale!"
76561198081606493,Recommended,252450,21884090,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Grommbir,Forget all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whining. Together with the DLC this game is even better than MoO2! Clearly worth the money.
,Recommended,252450,21848863,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"I really enjoy this game.It's not perfect, but the dev is very responsive and there are very frequent patches and bugfixes.It's a completely different answer to the question ""what comes after MoO2"" (Not MoO3 - ♥♥♥♥ that game) than the Master of Orion rebooot."
,Not Recommended,252450,17272147,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Seleth,"Not sure if I'm the only person with this problem, but I thought I'd ease myself into the game by starting on easy with one enemy and was completely overwhelmed by the amount of ships they seem to be able to create. At first I thought I had simply misclicked on the difficulty as the first enemy fleet I was attacked by almost completely took up the screen. As I watched absolutely ridicilously large fleets with troop transports destroy my empire one by one the only thing i could think was ( dang, this is easy? Hate to see the other difficulties.) I'm not sure if it's some kind of A.I. bug or just how the game plays. I can't seem to ever amass even half the fleet that my enemy does ( in a very short while I might add). I'm just going to chalk it up to the learning curve being extremely difficult. Ooh well, for those incredibely hardcore RTS fans, this is your golden ticket, as for me I'll just stick to playing the first one."
76561198010553094,Not Recommended,252450,23897608,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SleepyJosus,"This is as close to an MoO2 successor as I've ever found; and as much as I really wanted to love this game, I have to say that overall I'd stay away from it in its current state. It's still super buggy, and the AI feels pretty overpowered even on normal.However, I will say that the ship design and the space combat are the best I've ever found in a modern 4x. If the developers can fix the bugs and the imbalance issues, this has the potential to be one of my favorite games of all time."
76561197982658579,Recommended,252450,21756831,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,WolfCanin,"Got quite some time with this game down now. I still miss some parts which I thought were great in SD1, like Station design. But all in all it is a good and fun game, one of the most enjoyable 4X games.Sadly the DLC brought quite a few bugs with it, some even hangup the game.... which means lost turns, revert to last save etc.Though Zero is hard working on fixing them, already got the second patch... or was it the third? :DPersonally I find the pricing of the DLC totally okay, I mean with GalCiv3 they charge 5€ for a Planet pack...Some more new modules would have been nice, but the groundbattles got a overhaul, we got a sector system with deep space stations, new related techs.Dont forget he´s one guy working on this. So it takes more time working on stuff.If you want to buy the DLC only if it is bugfree, wait for a few days or weeks.All in all it is one of the top 3 4X games on my personal list."
76561198024195424,Not Recommended,252450,16839241,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Korvus,"At first this game seems like a realy good 4x game; Diplomacy is ok, Fleet Combat looks nice, General UI seems to be ok but:Ground Warfare is bad realy bad, if you want to gather a Reasonable Ground Army you have a realy Boring gaming session coming right to you: You have to Equip every single Unit manually and you need a lot of them, You have to play through Ground Combat manually cause automatic Attack gives realy bad results. This wouldn`t be as bad if the Ground Combat itself would be fun. the Ground Combat is Round based and you have 2-5 Actions per Unit (or a long move) per Turn and you have to issue every action manually...This takes Ages and is a huge backstep to the Real time Fleet Battles.There are other options though: You can Nuke a planet back to Stoneage or not Waging ground wars. You have the choice of bad results for your Empire or A realy boring game.The Annoying Thing is imho that everything else is quite good... but when you are at the Point of the Game where you have to expand via Ground wars the Game gets awful."
76561197968571832,Not Recommended,252450,16852904,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Buzzkill,"Stardrive 2 is clearly another attempt at a modern port of the old classic Master of Orion 2.  I've been waiting for years for someone to do this right... and unfortunately I'm going to have to keep waiting.What's befuddling and frustrating is that after almost 20 years and umpteen attempts, no one has been able to improve on the original's turn-based combat resolution engine.  Every game that tries -- and there have been MANY -- insists on implementing a real-time combat resolution engine -- because, ya know, real-time is better than turn-based, right? -- but all they ever end up giving us is a muddled mess.  In this case, every battle unfolds exactly the same way: every ship charges across the battlefield to point-blank range, and then flies in tight loops back and forth across its target (no collisions in this universe) until one side or the other is completely annihilated.  High-tech weapons and defensees with varied effects seem to make no dfference whatsoever on the AI's tactics.Oh, how I wish some developer would use their brain some day and realize that a turn-based combat engine would be better in this case.  After all, the whole rest of the game is turn-based, so you think they'd recognize the virtue in it.  It's a shame, too, because otherwise Stardrive 2 is pretty good -- mainly because it sticks to the script and slavishly copies MOO2's gameplay.  But the combat resolution engine is the heart of the game, and like every other clone, it just drags Stardrive 2 down from ""good"", past ""mediocre"", and straight into ""disappointing""."
,Recommended,252450,21850509,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Destructively Phased,"Would i recommend this game? Short answer: Yes. Now that the DLC is out. The DLC has brought the game up to scratch, removing one of its two weaknesses  and given the player a bunch of new ways to become more powerful. There's also a new deep space construction system.Not to mention the Dev is extremely active, listening to bug reports and taking advice for balancing, now that they aren't working full time on the DLC.If you want a game with depth and complexity, an active community and a Dev determined to fix issues with game, look no further."
76561198032766913,Recommended,252450,21848542,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Espek,"Lovely game! True descendant of Master of Orion 2  BUT much much better!! I thought i would never see that but it's true. This one is much much better than the new ""re-imagined"" ""master of orion"" that has actually no core mechanics of original master of orion 2 and just simplified boring another 4x for younger candy crush generations that can't concentrate on things for more than 10 seconds. This is complicated game but in a very fun and logical way and not in a tedious and unlogical way like Distant Worlds (thought it's almost ok for me game). Those who hesitate which game buy, try this one on evening with lights down and you not gonna regret, the music, graphics, events are so space magic.Another thing, i see that many people are not happy about this game but i got this game only with sector zero expansion. So i never played it without expansion. So may be vanila game without expansion sucks, i don't know BUT i do know that the game with expansion is very fun and very enjoyable! Those of you who didn't try expansion, should try it and you wil change your opinion cause game is really fun.Update:Game has mixed reviews. I found that unfair after i played it. I never played without expansion, so may be vanila game sucks, i don't know. But i do know that game with sector zero is very good, especially compared to other 4x out there. So the fact that game has mixed reviews is totaly unfair at this point. And it's a factor that don't allow new players to buy this game when they see that game has mixed reviews. I did't wanted to buy this game either.I played stardrive long time ago and i hated it. So it was abandonded by dev who wanted to focuse on next one ""to make a great game from the start"" I remember i was p_issed off and decided never to buy game again cause i thought it would same result. NOW after i played this wonderfull game, Stardrive 2, i understand that it was the only right desicion from developer's side, cause he couldn't focuse on this one (stardrive 2) if he had to use his time and resourses on that sh_itty game stardrive 1. So i am thankfull to developer that he abandonded old stardrive 1 to make this great game Stardrive 2, so that he gave us a lot of fun with this game (ofc i understand it has some minor bugs and so on but he works on them).So as i said above i wasn't gonna buy stardrive 2 cause of stardrive 1 and another fact that stardrive 2 had only mixed reviews. We all know that mixed reviews make players to ignore games. The only fact that made me to buy this game was the ""new"" master of orion from wargaming. After i read reviews on new ""re-imagined"" master of orion, i found out that developers decided to dumbify/simplify it for younger candy crush style generation players. They even tok away core game mechanics that made original Master of Orion 2 so great game for many years. So in their forum i read one commentar that Stardrive is true descendant to MoO2. And i decided to give a chance to Stardrive 2 though i had doubts.After i have started to play stardrive 2 the only thing/person i was really pi_ssed of on was me cause i was angry that i haven't bought this game earlier)) This game is indeed true descendant to MoO2 but much much better at all aspects that i can see at least (the only thing that i am not totaly sure is ship combat, i like turnbased but must admit i like combat mechanics in this one a little bit more cause it makes it more alive for me to see and maneuver in real time, move defence ships forward, faster ships around etc - makes more fun than turnbased - i thought i would never say that;) But don't start eternal turnbase combat vs rt discussion - it's not what i am talking about here;)So those of you who didn't play with sector zero expansion try it and you not gonna regret.So those of us who are happy about game are too lazy to write review and that's why this great game has mixed reviews though it's a great game and fans of space 4x like MoO2 deserves to discover this game and have fun with it. So we need to give them such chance. To do that we need to write reviews on this. Good people, do not be indifferent or evil wil take over ;) Go write review on this lovely game!"
,Recommended,252450,21754928,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Druski,"For anyone who loved Master of Orion but is dissappointed with the new reboot, mostly because of it dumbing things down, Stardrive 2 is for you.Most of the negative reviews are regarding bugs that have long since been patched, or elements that have long since been inproved.In my personal experience, the one bug I found, i mentioned on the forum. The developer responded quickly and was already working on it."
76561198013540617,Recommended,252450,21327586,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,steelfox,"The game is great and I have not encountered any bugs. If you liked Master of Orion, than you will like this game. Now I sinerily wait for a DLC."
76561198014584633,Recommended,252450,21755609,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sesikee,"I brought the DLC and it's an vast improvement for StarDrive 2. I'm very happy with the way he has set it up. I actually like the hexagon style gameplay and the game has been more streamlined. For example:1. Ship Design - it is a ton easier to design a warship and not have to worry about the secondary systems or having to line up everything perfectly. Hours could be spent in here but thanks to the streamlined process, I can design the parts I want to mess around with and let the ""behind-the-scene"" nerdy people figure out how to power it and etc. Excellent improvement.2. Freighter - this entire process has been automated and I'm vastly relieved as this was too much micro-managing. The AI now does it for you, provided you build enough feighter ships to transport the necessary items to the colonies.3. AI - the AI has been vastly imporved and I LOVE LOVE LOVE having to deal with pirates, space monsters, and etc. This keeps me on my toe and I can't just send all of my fleets of warships to the border but actually have to watch within the terroritory and intercept any troublesome pirates/space monsters and so fourth. Just a fantastic addition to my gameplay4. Colony Management - this has been streamlined by a huge margin. I do not have to try to micromanage each colony but I can still set a theme of what I woud like the ""AI Governor"" to follow in building up the colony, such as focus on Science, Food, and etc. Furthermore, I do not have to bother with managing the tile management but only mindful of the total number of buildings there are and plan accordingly. Huge burden been taken off and managed by the AI. However, you still have a lot of control over the colony management but can automate it, if needed.5. Space Battles - I do think this is an improvement over the StarDrive where we had fighting occuring on the strategy map and that was tough to juggle. Now, it's more streamlined and allows me to focus one thing at a time. I do think there's room for improvement but it's an improvement nonetheless.I do think there's some issues but the developer has been intent on hearing about it and working on fixing it. However, it is far less buggy than it was with the original game. The developer have made it clear that this is just the first release and will continue to improve it. If this is a sign of what's to come then I feel very good about the game improving even more with more content."
76561198027117855,Recommended,252450,15303701,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Clint Eastwood,"A MUST HAVE! This game is phenomenal! Absolutely, mind-blowingly outstanding! I have done so much in just one night... Conquered planets, went to war twice, enjoyed the awesome diplomacy and unique races, love the leaders that come along too... I ended up have an Elephant man with a futuristic staff governing my people on a desert planet where they happened to harvest spice... Hell YES!What can I say: 1) Stellar, action packed beautiful Space Combat 2) Awesome turn based ground combat with troops (very functional, fun and unique) 3) In depth and easy ship, weapon and troop customization. 4) Huge (nearly endless) talent trees with special projects that come your way time to time 5) Seriously among the best diplomacy systems of any game 6) Unique races, planets, ship designs, buildings, backgrounds and all sorts of beautiful illustrations accompanying the awesome texts. 7) Outstanding music with a wide variety and appropriate mood changes with events.If you want a game that would be something like total war in space, then this is your ticket. In fact I would say this is even better than if total war made a space game. There is nothing that I dislike in this game, I honestly feel that it is perfect. I know that I will be back for hundreds of more hours to come! Thank you for making this extraordinary game! It has blown my mind, I truly love it! If you are questioning whether or not you should buy this game, THINK NO MORE! It is aboslutely worth every cent and more. BUY IT! It is one of the BEST GAMES that I have ever played. Can't wait to wake up tomorrow and hop back on!"
,Not Recommended,252450,15295183,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dwaggy,10/10. would pay to crash at intro cinematic 100% of the time again.
76561198014853492,Not Recommended,252450,16581377,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,buzzelliteaching,"Good version of MOO II.  Good tech trees.  Interesting species. Similar character traits.  Thats where my pros end.Boring, slow, space combat. ""Tolerance"" keeps politics from reaching its full potential.Poor AI makes for horrible automated fights especially for planet invasions. Fight all your battles yourself.  That said the land battles are painful to be part of.  They are unintuitive, difficult to work through and unrewarding.  I feel like they are punishment for invading.  If you choose ""auto"" resolve be prepared for ridiculous consequences.  In land combat, Its very common to grossly outnumber your opponent by 50:1 and lose all your troops, and then have the game crash.  I assume its because there is only so much space to place your troops the computer automatically kills them before battle begins.As for space combat, mass driver cannons are overpowered and take out any thought or development from ship creation.   You will need to micromanage your own ships as the AI really is not bright at all and you will find your overpowered ships pulled apart by an unintuitive computer admiral.Overall, not very polished and needs to be updated with some of its bugs adressed. With all of these bugs and oversights I think the worst has to do with pathing.  The pathing problem keeps ships from entering refit queues as they ""hop"" and ""skip"" over the planets they should be docking at, this same pathng problem occurs when trying to attack planets or passing fleets.  Of course this is only a problem if you can actually select the ships themselves which is an ordeal, the only thing harder than that is trying to mouse over several ships at once.  A process that works 50% of th etime.Another issue that annoyed me to no end was the ""overlays"".  When a new menu, map or option was overlaid upon another you could still access the GUI under it, so while trying to build something on a planet economy screen I would actually click the queue on the main map listing all of the items created on the turn before.  Annoying.All of these problems make it nearly unplayable as these bugs often cause game crashes, forcing me to reload an ""autosave"", only to lose the last 4-10 turns and the hundreds of actions that likely went with them.  I play it not because I love it, but because for the price point it sucks less than the alternatives out there.In the end I think I should have saved my money until the problems were adressed rather than having it forced through like so many other ""indie""games only to have updates added later.There's a reason it has dropped to half its price and put on sale so many times in two months.Edit ** The first two patches have actually made the game more unplayable.  You can no longer choose to NOT send in your leaders in planet auto combat, so now they die.  THIS MEANS THAT YOU CAN NO LONGER ""AUTO COMPLETE"" GROUND COMBAT!!-Fleets will now randomly disappear and become unuseable. THIS MAKES GAME COMPLETELY UNPLAYABLE-Added ""governnor control"" is poorly implemented and far from potential."
76561198063531242,Recommended,252450,16838756,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Professor of Wumbology,"If you have not played StarDrive 1 this is a good 4x to pick up. It's fairly easy to start as the creator has a fully voiced tutorial and the game is a little less complex than it's predecessor (be warned if you jump around menu to menu while in a tutorial the tutorial will end and leave you helpless). If you have played the last StarDrive and really wanted this to be a good game, I have bad news and good news. Good news the game isn't broken like the last one and playing for several hours (as I normally do) caused no framedrop or resources hoging. Bad news the game is now a turn based strategy instead of one big realtime. This may not be a bad thing for all of you but it's something to consider, because it is a turn based strategy fleet battles now occur on a different screen. This once again is not really bad but the strategies you can use are limited since you always start on opposing sides and pretty much just clash in the middle every time. The ground combat is dull and managing your foot soldiers is a pain. This combat pops up often and it is rather dull with very little strategy besides shoot the things and not get shot by the things. Certain ground enemies are also really hard to kill for arbitrary reasons and will often cost you a well equiped group of soldiers. Talking about equiping soldiers it's impossible. Soldiers spawn with random gear and more likely than not the worst gear you have. There doesn't seem to be a way to say how many of each soldier you want or to even to limit their selection of items to make sure they spawn with more than a combat knife.All this said I have had a lot of fun with the game. Ship building is what I spend most of my time on but I just wish a few more QOL things were in the ship builder like the health and shields of the ship. Managing your empire is simplified with one screen that shows you ever planet you have, what they are building, worker allocation, and so on and so forth. Tech is kept interesting with multiple routes that you can take. If you take one tech you lose the others and are sort of herded toward using diplomacy to gain the ones you missed or the spying system. Subterfuge is rather simple but does the job with multiple missions that your agents can be sent on.I give this game a thumbs up and I think anyone who enjoys the one more turn mindset of Civ 5 will have a blast wtih this game."
76561198045307202,Recommended,252450,21722033,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,mammles,"A little rough around the edges, and still needs some tweaking here and there. Still a great game! I'm looking forward to future updates. :D"
76561198080931911,Recommended,252450,15323333,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ganet,"I love this game. While I would reccomend it to people I have no friends who enjoy 4x games. The game was super hard when he released it but as I'm to understand the AI was given only what the player had. And since they can't build their own ships they have to use ones made by the developer and players.Thankfully he's put in something for those who want to play a bit more casually by stopping the constant attacks by minor factions but I didn't mind the crystals or the pirates. It was the Master's.All in all this is an amazing game. Good graphically, decent ground combat, ship building. Though if you're looking to get your butt destroyed then play this game on normal or above with the minor factions attacking you all simultaeneously. I'm not that much of a glutton for punishment.Love the tech. All hail the tech. Diplomacy actually takes into consideration the empire's tolerance as well. Nice touch~"
76561198007262287,Not Recommended,252450,15297039,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Wrath,Even on Easy plan to not be able to win the game with the overly aggressive AI.
,Recommended,252450,15314160,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Obibun.tw,"I really wanted to hate this game. I'm a die-hard fan of StarDrive 1, even though it had its quirks and flaws.. I dumped more time than I care to admit into that game. I waited a day or two after release to see how the game fared, because I was a bit apprehensive of all the new changes. Mostly, I thought the transition to turn-based and instanced combat was neat and a cool way to go, but I felt the ship design was severely lacking in comparison to the first game.It is certainly a little less complex than in StarDrive 1, but I couldn't bring myself to dislike it. The ship combat just works out to be so much more fun. The small simplification in ship design has actually served to enhance the whole experience, and makes designing ships take a little more nuanced approach. Ship combat now feels a lot more massive (""slow motion"" is awesome and feels more like ""cinematic speed"", and gives you lots of time to issue commands. I can't even play it in normal speed anymore).On top of this, due to the command point system you tend to value each individual ship far more, especially because they gain experience and can be given names. It certainly makes for a far more immersive experience, when you have a battlefleet of eight or ten heavy cruisers, and each one means something to you, which means battle losses actually make you feel kind of sad. I might have won a great victory over one of the enemy core worlds, but the valiant crews of the UFF Retribution and UFF Valiant, who were with the fleet and served with distinction since the start of the war, did not live to see it. Such is war!There's a little bit for everyone in the game and in ship design/combat -- for the Honor Harrington nerds, ships at long/medium engagement distance loose enormous waves of missiles, which slowly get plinked away by point-defence, flares and jammers as they approach (and it's incredibly entertaining to watch).. for the Star Trek geeks, there's ships which can swing around at breakneck speeds and blast eachother with photon torpedos and phasers. For the Star Wars junkies, there's waves of fighters and big ships with batteries of laser cannons.Ground combat right now is a little bare, but the designer will likely improve this as time goes on. The system itself is certainly a good foundation.As much as I wanted/figured I would dislike this game, I can't help but really enjoy it. For a mostly one-man team, this is still likely the best 4x currently on the market -- or at least will be once some minor issues are fixed and things like ground combat are padded out a bit more."
76561198065089392,Not Recommended,252450,23577449,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Solemnwind,"DO NOT BUY THIS. If you are interested in stardrive, please get the first one. This one has become so horrible you can't even play singleplayer. 1st reason: This new random event they added that you can't turn off, makes it so an invisible race will randomly pop up and destroy a system in 10 turns, which is no where near enough time to react and send a fleet to defend. 2nd (and most irritating) reason: THEY GIVE THE AI HACKS!!! 3rd reason: The AI in general for this game is increadibly broken, between the second point i made and the fact that they have no rules and they essentially dont have any fallbacks from anything they do. I have more colonies and all the command point structures i could possibly build and the AI somehow could support fleets up to FOUR TIMES THE COMMAND POINTS that i could, for no reason. Oh and by the way, apparently according to this gam you dont need a cockpit or command bridge to run a ship. So no, do not buy this, there are so many unbalanced aspects, it's rediculous. Oh and new discovery, if you go over the command point limit by around 80, even if you have an excellent income as i always go for, your income per turn randomly shoots up to -28000, which for people who dont know, is IMPOSSIBLE to fix because it even takes quite a while to even build up 28000 credits as it is. In final, this game has insane possibility of being the best space 4x, but the AI and mechanics are just not good nor are they balanced, as i said, play the first if you are looking for a complete game.UPDATE: WARNING DO NOT GET THIS GAME IT IS ABANDONED"
,Not Recommended,252450,15312051,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,JimmyTheDeath,"Please fix and upgrade your first game the second one is nothing llke it for one and two its total garbage compaired to the first game you made, Realy what the hell were you thinking doing this to your second game its total GARBAGE i hope no one if fooled by you or your tactics please go back and fix your first game you have more than enough maney to do it please fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥..Watted along time to just uninstall after 4hrs of game play, really bummed me out, I really want to like this game i really do, But it is not STARDRIVE, it may have pices of stardrive in it thats not enough. the research is the most frustrating. you use to be able to research everything but now its lets just say YOU FD UP. the original was alot more fun. i wish you would go back and fix SD1 and trash this CRAP that you have so been working so hard on. really you should have just named it SPACE-CIV . i know you put alot of work in to what you did but Really MAN i kinda want a refund. as this version is not really fun at all its more frustrating thatn anything else. PLEASE JUST GO BACK AND FI X AND UPGRADE SD1, i would even repurchase it if i had to just to mkae you feel better. But what you did here was bait and switch , and i really feal burned.   now i know why you named your self ZERO, becasue thast what your going to ever get from me again ZERO MONEY'S.  really who ever you had helping you, they dident, if you pay me i could help you make a really great game.Jimmy OUT!!!P.S. nothing personal man just my opinion.Next time get some more help on your team, and i dont mean hiring 20yr old children get some real proffesionals to help you.Yes this game is still S H I T Give me my money back.Edit Review update, 3-10-2016Ok i have played Masters of Orion now and i must say STARDRIVE 2 is Better in every way. with that said, i really must say the differance between games IE star Drive 1 and StarDrive 2, i want you to upgrade StarDrive1 in to your new engine and keep it as it was but just upgrade it, SD1 is just a different game, its a game that you do not take turns in, its a game that yes if your sleeping at the wheel it will crash in to you and kill you, Yes it is better than SD2 but thata my opinion, its totaly a different game and for me it was the only game, i have space CIV i understand space CIV I DONT WANT TO PLAY CIV, WTF. then you go change SD2 in to Space CIV for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ player that does nothing but ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan because your game isent exactly like Need i say it MOO. and this fact alone just really upsets me. PLEASE GO BACK TO YOUR OLD WAYS, FIX SD1 DONT GIVE UP ON THE DREAM. Trully there is alot i would mod about SD2 and whal i have played several games of the NEW MOO i think SD2 is better at MOO than MOO is, and in saying that i adjust my review, to make a clear point you need to Just DLC OLD SD1 in to the new game i i would mostlikley buy it. but as for your new DLC garbage YEA NOT FOR ME BACK TO StarDrive1 i go....."
76561197978541427,Recommended,252450,15630873,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheOneDragon (Rethghar),"Awesome game for the most part.  Galaxies could be a bit bigger, then again Im a fan of HUGE galaxies and prolonged games.  The only thing lacking is the multiplayer aspect of the game.  Have quite a few friends that have been looking for an alternative to the aging Sword of the Stars (SoTS II was awful) and something that was a bit more fast paced since we are the generation thats having new families now and time to play with eachother is almost an uncommon luxury.I would give this game 3.5/5 stars based upon a broken down review:+2 Star for Graphics:  Excelled table top down graphics, a classic if your looking for the pew pew in the battle of pew pew.   And doesnt require an overkill computer for that.+1.5 Star for Gameplay:  Its a 4X, need I say more?+1 Star for Just sheer worthy of a buy that has yet to sit rotting in my steam library.+.5 For Game implementation, I mean this in the way that most 4X games Ive played, you had a HUGE galaxy to run around in.  I feel as if this game is limited to an extent but Im sure a mod will come along sooner or later.Cons:-1.5 Stars for not being multiplayer and there is ZERO evidence in becoming an MP game at a later date."
,Not Recommended,252450,15309492,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,roboczar,"Very little to distinguish this from the crowd, it's a dressed up MOO2 clone with an OK ship design system. Nothing to really grab you in terms of mechanics, and seems to rely on cheap shots in the form of space threats like Red Crystals or whatever they are. Stick with Star Ruler and Endless Space if you want decent 4X."
,Recommended,252450,15336144,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kimthulhu,"When evaluating this game, one must bear in mind that it has been made by one person. With this in mind, I have found this game to be very, very impressive. It feels like any 4X made by larger studios, and in some ways surpasses them. It only launched recently so there are still some bugfixing and balancing to do, but it's perfectly playable and the hours will fly by while you play this gameYou will like this game if you prefer 4X games with more of a focus on combat and ship-design. It's ship designing feature will have you endlessly tinkering with your designs, and the combat is very satisfying with explosion sounds and gfx providing you a suitable reward for your aforementioned tinkering. If you mainly want a diplomacy/empire-building 4X, this game still is perfectly fine but you might get more satisfaction from other games.Finally, beware that the game can be a bit challenging. Balancing of things is still on-going and I'm sure countless mods will spawn to help out with that, but the game will have you sweat a good bit and the AI can be quite aggressive if it notices vulnerability. The space combat AI seems, in comparison what other games of the genre have done so far, actually fairly good. The Diplomacy AI needs a bit of fine-tuning still, but it's already decent in it's 1.0 state.I recommend this game."
76561198167008897,Recommended,252450,21755844,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,NinjaCat,"I've put over 100 hours into this game, and will continue to do so.In a nutshell - this is a delightful, modern take on the classic Master of Orion series (1 and 2). If you enjoyed MoO, then you will enjoy this.The Good:-Fun, silly nerd humor with excellent art-An involved, intuitive, and complex ship building process as complicated as you want (use the defaults or plan every square)-Defined tech trees and economy-Customization of everything, from races to game modes-Fast and fluid gameplayThe Bad:-Some bugs here and there. The Developer (one guy named Zero) will fix the issues if you clearly identify what the problem is.-Diplomacy and Spying could use a reworkThe Ugly:-For some reason, Zero (and Stardrive) has attracted some ""less than positive"" community members. I don't really understand it...SD 1 and 2 are very fun, very modestly priced games....Conclusion - I highly recommend this game for all 4X fans."
76561198059417061,Recommended,252450,21495019,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Thene,"People are complaining too much. It is a great game that runs much smoother than what you'd expect from reading these reviews. This game had only positive reviews when it came out and now people are being too critical on it. ""The game is not finished and never will be"" really? The developer is realeasing patches which are already making the game much better.  Jeez it hasn't even been out a year yet."
76561198045061225,Recommended,252450,15525934,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,MATT W,the best space time waster yet
76561197978126288,Recommended,252450,15323961,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Fedaykin,"I see a lot of negitive reviews on here because the game is hard.This is not a hard game. The AI also DOES NOT CHEAT. It will unsettle most of your 4x game habits. You will not get 50-100 turns of peace to quietly build resources & infastructure and expand to your hearts content. You have to prepare for an attack immediately. It may not come, but it most likely will.It is different than most 4x in that your in danger from turn one. I start every turn with the question, can i fend off an enemy fleet this turn if a wormhole opens up on my homeworld. If i answer no, then build ships. This game heavily rewards players garrisoning units (half command points and no maintanance).The AI is AMAZING! Any game you have ever played where the AI decision making could be exploited and you thought to yourself, I shouldn't be able to do this. The AI is actually very cunning. It will wait for you to launch attacks outside of your teritory, so your ships are low on fuel and have trouble returning to defend. It will steal from you, it will backstab you.There is no science victory, there is no diplomatic victory. You have one goal, domination. You can turtle, but only to counter attack. Yeah, expect the AI to have garrisons.I highly recommend this game. You will have to practice at it to get better. The in game tutorial is excellent. The tooltips are excellent. Do not give up on the game if you start losing. Start another game and instead of building that nice to have thing that gives +1 to whatever, build a ship. =)"
76561198085090250,Recommended,252450,16337002,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Peliministeri,"Im Posting a Neutral review if possible if not then this will be positiveGood thingsThe colony screen is greatly constructed no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just Approval,food work research,Constructions,consrtructions built in the planets surface, no fillerThe fighting is exellent Normaly it would be turn-based But here is great mouse-based real-time fights,For old Stra-Control 2 Veteran its great option to turn-basedthe travelling in space is contructed well you can see the fuel,other species area and anomaly's/leader mission pontsNeutral/OK but could be improvedyour area is based on where your colonies are but the AI can hold huge areas of space without enything but their homewoldIt would be nice to interact with other species more, if there would be possibility to talk with other species it would be greatbad things/ Innoying BugsOne time i could not interact with enything in strategy-map not anomaly's or planet'sand my Battle arena broke when i created 2 missions"
76561197977480518,Not Recommended,252450,18502344,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,drM,"Actually a cool game but still filled with room for improvement.Still lots of room for improvement:- The creation of acceptable starting planets really takes the fun out of it regardless of the level of difficulty and the adjustment of planetary richness.- Depending on the adjustment of hostile threats (pirates and other neutral groups) one is likely to get busted very hard very early in the game.- The campaign doesn't seem to be an actual campaign. The map setup is different every time, which was acceptable if the creation of the universe got some improvement, and for some reason you don't have a real agenda to fullfill. There is no genereal campaign-mission but occasionally small events that can be done.Still a nice game that, depending on the very randomly setup of the galaxy and individual adjustments of the galaxy and its inhibitants, has the potential to take you in other worlds and lets you explore the depth of the universe.___Edit___Whatever got changed ♥♥♥♥ed up the gameplay massively.Random Hostile Threads kind of  make you feel like Anne Frank while her hosts' home got raided by SS-Officers on a regular basis and you have to pray to some higher power not to get killed.It became impossible to enjoy the game with these ♥♥♥♥ed up adjustments, plus what I've complained about in the first review has not been fixed yet.If you feel like nothing will make you rage you can play the game, but i strongly doubt that you will enjoy it since there is much of balance missing.If you think about giving this game a shot, don't do it!!!You should wait for the release of STELLARIS ( also available on Steam - check out some gameplay herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shoiYDp7EEA). It seems that the developers of this game intend to keep its promise to create a beautiful game and therefore will outstand Stardrive II by far."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,252450,21032730,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Man am i dumb.  I didn't like stardrive 1, but because i really wanted this franchise to be good so i gave it a rather naive second chance and that was quite a mistake.  There is a fine line between homage and ripping off other games and this game is a blatant rip off of Master of Orion II, but it lacks the soul MoOII had.  Besides the ship building there is nothing unique about this game, and to top it off the ship building is massively unbalanced, some factions have ship layouts that are way smaller than the other races, others have such weird shapes that you can't possible do anything useful with them.  And then tiny little things like not putting things in alphabetical order in sorts, or not being able to filter menus really make this game just plain mediocre. Also bad ai, but hey no game developer in the history of 4x games has ever made a good ai..."
76561197991303896,Recommended,252450,21796697,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TDuke,I've put 20 hours into this game (with DLC) in two days so it must be good. It has some issues with dialogue boxes occasionly locking you in game but other than that it's great.Diplomacy actualy works in this game it is kind of amazing. You can have a stable empire for ages if you keep your neighbours happy. Research is a vaste endevour and balancing the books is quite hard. Command points for ships are hard to come by so feilding a mega fleet takes time.I recomend this game. I've put more time in this than the new MOO and I think that says something.
76561198034211346,Not Recommended,252450,28571207,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,tselliot03,"I like what it's aiming for, but it falls short.  Things feel unbalanced, you either blow everyone away easy or vice versa. And micromanaging the battles isn't as fun as it ought to be.  You can spend hours designing ships, but for what? They're obsolete in a turn. Not the worst thing ever, but there are better space-strategy games out there."
,Recommended,252450,21752823,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ceduic,"Although the initial reception was a bit stormy for this title due to early death of StarDrive 1, the massive improvements of 2 make the purchase well worth the money."
76561197978643381,Not Recommended,252450,20939122,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ix,"This game is a sad story of so much wasted potential. The developer has left this game half finished, literally everything is bugged. This is the second title he's done this with and I am sad to say don't buy this, I would normally want to support a developer but this behaviour on the part of the dev is too unprofessional to support."
76561198046257387,Not Recommended,252450,19207806,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Bern,"This is the only game I have every want my mony back on, Full off bugs!!!!!!!!!!! patch dident fix anything, they only change the number. dont buy.!!!!"
,Recommended,252450,21737174,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Dorrin,"Got a bunch of hours in, and finally got a mod to work so I figured it deserved a review.  I've played worse games.  Its a pity how the dev abandoned the first iteration of the game and then put out a DLC without actually finishing the second.   There's a nice mod to make the tech a bit more bearable.  I love the achievements, lots of scifi fiction hooks.   Game could use more custom maps, more options and more hulls.  There's exactly one hull design for each size ship for each race.Game's got lots of issues, lots of annoyances.  But its fun."
76561197993307398,Not Recommended,252450,20464638,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,drivebymessiah,"StarDrive 2 is a game with a certain amount of charming potential but is plagued by jagged edges. As of January 2016 there are still game breaking bugs & a noticeable number of general design flaws / minor bugs. The general attitude among players that have been paying attention to the development of the title (and previous title(s) from Zero Sum Games, the developer) is that the problems will never be fixed.Stardrive 2 is bargain bin fodder; befitting of whatever reduced price the end user can stomache with the knowledge that its a rough product."
76561198078857392,Not Recommended,252450,20251826,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,< blank > LoL,"Nice game, but getting booring very fast e.g. always the same combat scenario.Lot of things could be improved e.g. research tree, keyboard shortcuts documentation and other.Update: diplomacy is pre-scripted thing and always same as everything else (enemy/neutral spawn will attack directly you, there are no fights betwen nations in war, you are the target, that is very booring, mechanic and predictable = you will always know what will happen because it's ALWAYS same path) lot of bugs, abandoned game, yes you can't finish game, I'm pretty sure there won't be any improvement so bettter don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,252450,19349386,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ianfrancisgaskin,"In theory, this is very much the kind of game I am into.  Love the genre.  Liked the first in the series and hoped this would be an improvement on what was a promising game.But, despite having started dozens of times, I haven't made it more than a few minutes into a game before a random encounter followed by a huge enemy invasion has killed me. Even on easy mode.It feels less like a Dwarf Fortress ""hilariously-unforgiving-but-losing-is-fun"", and more like the game has been designed badly.Not fun; don't bother."
76561198071158609,Not Recommended,252450,24758429,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Absolom,"If you enjoyed Stardrive 1, do not purchase this game.  While I will say honestly that I clearly do not have a long play time in the game and so can be accused of not giving it a chance, I will say that being a big fan of Stardrive 1 I was immediatly turned off by this title.All of the unique features of the first game have been lost.  We are back to a turn button in this game instead of the passage of time being constant like the first.  The shipyard and ship design from the first game was intricate, and although time consuming, very fullfilling and rewarding when you put the effort into it.  It has been simplified not enhanced.  The tech tree is set up as choices in each catagory that restrict you to one tech at a time and exludes the tech you didn't choose and you can only do one at a time.  the ability to order scouts to auto-explore, or setting up how you want the ship crew to engage in combat.... gone.  The options to automate or micromanage your shipping....  gone.  I loved that in the first game i could set up dedicated fleets of freighters to deliver specific materials among a few systems...  allowing for efficient exchange of food and production without having the AI sending shipping freighters to the other side of the galaxy to pick up food...It's become a MOO clone.  And while Masters of Orion was my first true love in the 4x genre, as it was for many of us...  I'm sick of MOO clones.  Stardrive 1 had so many new takes on the space 4x games...  it felt new, while Stardrive 2 looks pretty but feels old and tired."
76561198043868051,Recommended,252450,15296315,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,l.hudson10,Great game!! Have been waiting for this game to come out for ages since being a massive fan of the original. This game was worth the wait. Zero has put a great deal of work into the development of this game and it shows.I will be playing this game for years to come unless Zero releases stardrive 3 that is!Do not understand the negative reviews I have read... I wonder whether those people are playing the same game!Plus the 33% discount for loyal players of stardrive 1 is greatly apprieciated.Great game from a great developer
76561198091352911,Not Recommended,252450,24871825,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Agile Artist,"TL;DR Below adverage game, DLC makes it slightly better.Let me start off by saying this. At the time of writing I have 176 hours played and I have won once. Please bear in mind most of my hours were spent without the section zero DLC. Now im no master of stratagy games but that feels a bit off to me.Now with that being said I did have fun with the game. But this fun dident entierly come from playing the game. I like to dig around in game files and change things I dont like. Lucky for me one or two of the games issues can be fixed this way but the game isent very friendly to modding at all besides changing the stats of ship parts. That is only the first of many issues sadly.for instance your ships require fule to move outside your borders, your enemys do not. Yes saying THE ENEMY CHEATS isnet very dignified but this isent the only time the enemy does so. The very few times I've managed to take a planet from a gigantic enemy empire (before losing in the next 2 turns because my fleet wasent in my empires space) the planet was making -31BC per turn which leads me to think the enemys dont need currency to build or maintain anything. BC is the games currency used to build ships and structures by the by. For context my entire empire at this point was making about 6 BC a turn.Now on to the DLC, section zero. This DLC generally improves the game. A few things like the subspace projector are actually worth using and the ground combat is... better. Rather then playing a very very barebones knock off of xcom the ground combat is turn based and your planets citizens count towards fighting the enemy. In the base game the planet would simply give up without a fight if you had no infantry there.The map the game is played on gets one of the few improvements aswell. Your empires border in the main game is a bubble that extends around your planets and grows larger as the planet prospers. The largest issue I had with this is if I spent all my time and effort building up a planet so it could produce massive ammounts of food or build ships quickly when it gets taken by the enemy they get the bubble around the planet. So if my fleet of ships was at or near the planet and it was taken I would run out of fule and be destroyed if I retreat or I could fight the horde of ships that had taken my planet and lose my ships that way. This is much less of an issue in section zero because the map is now a grid of hexs and as long as your ships are in the same hex as a planet they can defend it.In conclusion I cant recomend this game. If you do own the base game however I would say get the DlC because it does help."
76561197985881686,Not Recommended,252450,19219533,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Pengan,"Ok even on EASY the balance is whacked. seriously, at MAX command points ANY fleet arriving will EAT all your ships.Pirates will invade your planet but have no troops, forcing you to force-quit the game since you cannot fight...(Division by zero error ???)Seriously, this game I regret buying, it is a WASTE of money and time.Instead play Imperium Galactica(1-3), or Master of Orion 2.MoO2 is TODAY far superior to this game, seriously a 1995 game should not beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of an entire Genre!!!!Shame on you developers!"
76561198008972673,Recommended,252450,21855258,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ZenTan,The game is great. Zero is iron man. Maybe that is one of the best game what i played ever
,Not Recommended,252450,24730975,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,beanmix,"Stardrive I was fun, sort of. I didn't have any of the issues others were complaining about. This one quite notably does not impress me in the slightest. I haven't played one game through to the end yet I'm bored beyond belief."
,Not Recommended,252450,33959734,Posted: 1 August,all,Glitchkatten,"The original StarDrive was fun and it was the first 4x strategy game I've ever played. It had some balancing problems though, and the way of moving units around felt slow and was difficult.StarDrive 2 fixed the movement issue, but it made the bad balancing worse and introduced a lot of new bugs that make the game nearly unplayable. I would not recommend this game unless you turn off random encounters and try to be allied with all the other races, or you're willing to have the game go nowhere or set out to bully you into quitting.I'll go through a list of the bugs and issues I encountered:-With random encounters on, the alien forces (not the other races) will show up and ruin all of your progress, and they appear so early in the game that you don't have the technology to defend against them.-The AI can build hundreds of ships and somehow support them all, even while in debt. They can then send these huge fleets to fight you and they will obliterate you no matter what you do.-If you only have a space station in a planet space defense battle, the AI ships will not move to attack. The only exception is if it's the aliens mentioned before, and after they start having the ships with the canopy shields in their fleets, they destroy everything.Those are the biggest issues I've encountered. As for what the game did right:-Everything is turn-based similar to Civilization, and movement still takes time which is handled by the passing of each turn after issuing an order. Researching is handled by turn, building as well, and etc.-The map's planet systems and any other area of the map is in a hex system, which makes it cleaner to look at and easier to find things (for me, at least).-You cannot just research everything in the game.Overall, I can't recommend the game. If the big issues of the game are fixed, then I could recommend it, but until then I cannot."
76561198058699167,Not Recommended,252450,19195279,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"If you have a choice Between Star Drive 2 or Stardrive, I suggest getting the original Stardrive over this one."
76561198024631349,Recommended,252450,21803471,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,gl0ryh0und,"This game is a simple pleasure, the game style captures the best aspects of 4x games.  combined with the sly pop culture references with the heroes.  Custom races, custom ships, tactical battles.  This one has it all.  Strategy has depth and flexibility, no brain dead star lanes.  The only aspect of this game that I would warn people not to expect a multiplayer experience.  I Hope this is a future feature?  but even if it isn't this title will deliver one the 'just one more turn' hankering that 4x fans crave on a daily basis.Cons: The depth of the game is deceptive, it could be discouraging to players if they are too accustomed to the railroad space lanes concept."
,Not Recommended,252450,19262953,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Tulock,The overall idea i like. The execution not so much. The economics stinks also i always run tight on money. The GUI needs some work on making it smoother and simpler with displaying info.
,Recommended,252450,21884183,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TITAN_BIGDICK,Now with the DLC game generally feels greater.Let's hope that development will continue and game will be polished until final release.If you are not satisfied with it try use some mods.
,Recommended,252450,21710659,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Make.Sense,"This game got a lot of good things going for it, especially considering it's a one man show."
76561197970967930,Not Recommended,252450,15319560,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,A Pimpfo named Info,"Update 2015-09-05:Decided to give this game a try again now when it's been around a while.An improvement becomes noticable quite quickly, namely that the guns are now more balanced so that you can no longer ""cheese with ease"" through any and all combats using artillery.Sadly, that seems to be the one actual improvement in the past months.Certainly there must be some minor tweaks, but the obnoxious lack of a proper AI guvernor is only outmatched by the AI's blatant cheap cheating.This game still has nice graphics going for it - But that is it. The programming for this is cheap and lazy. Money will be better spent on touched-up flash-games or 8-bit remakes rather than this, sadly.Now 2/10 for total lacking of engangement with both the game mechanics and the playerbase.Earlier review holds true:Short review - A simplified rewrap of Stardrive 1 which pulls away innovative features and improves on nothing but graphics.4/10 based upon how immersive the game felt measured against it's predecessor and the numerous disadvantages the second offers.More detailed review:First off, measuring it against it's predecessor, the starting menu itself is downgraded. No biggy, but made me raise an eyebrow seeing as how the first felt a lot more engaging.The empire-building is/feels a lot more restricted, especially with the old ""Masters of Orion favorite"" 'creative' now being added - Trait balancing for min-maxing is currently required for a playable longterm game.Entering the game itself, it is now fully turnbased - And nothing has been done to improve the UI. The tooltips are, in many cases, closer to 'flavor text' which is not useful.Instead of having conflict and strategy on the same map, a simple round circle has been applied where your ships and the enemies will be enter and bash away until one of you run out of things to bash. There is one strategy - Get artillery on everything since it has the longest range and you'll usually be able to win. No random events, no area modifiers.The ground combat follows the same route, though it has squares in a big square instead. Terrain is not included so just gear up with rifles, medikit and sidearm of choice and slaughter your enemies since they will just go for nearest enemy.The artwork is mostly reused from Stardrive 1 with a few new additions.The ship customization has been downsized as you can no longer turn mounts the way you desire or at least I've yet to find a way to do it - Do feel free to enlighten me if I'm wrong here, I'd love to find it.I've found no way to adjust my fleets in deployment outside of individual click'n'drag - Quite a bother since entering space-fights is (at the very least, more if you play warmongerer) half of what you do in this game.The UI is simplified beyond usability. Since both left and right buttons can be used for orders, you'll be giving contraorders repeatedly and watch action points waste away as troops run around when you tried to click the enemy to find out what gear he had - Or, perish the thought, deselect your current unit.I don't know if anyone else bothered building construction ships since the stations seem pretty much a waste of production - But I'd love to know if there's a way to delete a station? Since they instant deployed rather than let you target, I ended up with one blocking my capitol and it was a real nuisance.I've tried to remain objective here, but as I try and figure out anything positive about this game against others, I fail.Everyone has the colonization section and I'd recommend Stardrive 1 since it has a lot more entertaining elements.The one positive thing I can think of about this game is that the loading screen when starting the game looks really, really nice and is animated."
76561197985522742,Not Recommended,252450,17275042,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Human,"My tagline for this game is ""StarDrive 2: You've Already Lost""The tutorial is insufficient to help you avoid getting smashed by the AI. By no means a gentle learning curve. Maybe this kind of game just isn't for me, but I enjoyed Spaceward Ho back in the old days."
76561197983633906,Not Recommended,252450,23843069,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[SMB] DaRAGE,I cant play this. It's too tedious and too many bugs♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. And imbalances. Zero refuses to fix. Avoid.
76561198049546901,Recommended,252450,21737716,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Uncle_Fucker,Dont listen to the haters. I have yet to encounter any bugs that everyone is screaming about. The gameplay is amazing especially the ship building. Its also not really a turn based game as most would think it just helps with micromanaging but you are aloud to speed past the turns. Dont listen to the others im glad i bought the game.
76561197983553019,Not Recommended,252450,22227051,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Imp0815,"This game is is fun and has big potential. The 4X element are present and have a fresh code of paint (or an old one if you compare it to MoO). All gameplay aspects sound cool. Like managing your population, trade Fleet, Military Fleet, Ship design, research and colonization.The sad thing is all of this works fine but when you play longer and deeper you hit points where it feels like somebody run out of asphalt when building a road.All the features i mentioned (and more) have some point where you think, this is not polished at all and many aspects of this should be done like this and that if you were a capable and compassionate developer.The next thing is that spark to your mind, hold on did i just buy a product that is still in development or just abandon on the last 100 meters?For example the Statistics at the screen when you win a game just have a big ""coming Soon"" sign there.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=658934441When you go an voice your concern in the community hubhttps://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/11260360/1.pngYou have many people you agree with you and some disagree with you but agree with you after you explained your points.https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/11260360/2.pngBut the Developer ignores it and after one insulting post of someone elsehttps://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/11260360/1.jpgThis happens.https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/11260360/Therediditgo.JPGI dont know anymore, after the debacle of Star Drive one being abandoned and now this thing happens. Personally i would not buy and Recommend ZeroSum games anymore.All my concern and critique i voice wouldn't be necessary when Zero had not made such decision like releasing Star drive 2 in such a state. The game would be a perfect candidate for Early Access, playable but still needed polish. I can only come up with scenarios that end in a bad light for Zero why he had done what he done.I can not recommend this game at this price 27.99€+9.99€ (You NEED the DLC to even make the game to a state that i based my review on. The base game was not as good as with the DLC)Buy it for 10 or less in a sale. It may be unpolished and the Developer maybe a very shady guy, but it is still a good game.See Also:https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/11260360/KEK.JPG"
76561198043662701,Not Recommended,252450,33765331,Posted: 24 July,all,Antares,"Had a lot of potential, game feels unpolished and some aspects of managing your empire/planets/economy etc just feel cumbersome and unintuitive."
76561198007302348,Not Recommended,252450,34951932,Posted: 14 September,all,gonoff,the ground mechanices suck and are tediuos. the heroes are left wanting.
,Not Recommended,252450,21320973,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jorsh,"I wanted to like this game, and I almost did, but ultimately the tone-deaf developer and the balance of this game put me off it entirely.  I like to play 4x games with a minimal focus on combat, and its just not possible to do that in StarDrive 2.  No matter what you try to do in terms of economics, research, diplomacy, the AI is just a giant war machine that will attack you and force you to play your entire game around pumping out an endless supply of ships to survive.  I understand that the developer wants this to be a more confrontational game, but when you limit the player's options so severly, they may as well have none.Done with this game done with this developer.  Good riddance."
76561198039525019,Not Recommended,252450,16634988,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jamesbnixon,"If you enjoyed playing StarDrive, then continue playing it. StarDrive 2 is a gutted version of the first game with a few improvements. What I mean by a gutted version is that if you enjoyed the control over the fleets and dynamics of the space battles you will not get that with this game. StarDrive 2 is more of a point your fleet in the direct of the enemy and the computer will work out the rest. The game does have a better planetary battle concept; but, that is what it is a concept. Sometimes you take control of the enemy, sometimes the enemy doesn't do anything at all. I really loved the first game. When I watched the videos on the second game, I thought that is would be an extension of the first with better graphics, ship construction, and planetary battles. Changing the controls for the ship battles lost my support for this game."
76561198076645338,Not Recommended,252450,31608265,Posted: 7 May,all,Popster99,this was okay then they released the sector zero dlc for money instead of for free and then abandoned it
,Not Recommended,252450,18607848,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,benchwarrior,I was convinced by a friend to buy this based off them saying it was just like Master of Orion 2.  It isn't. You have to be participating in every aspect of the game at all times or you cannot win. You can't get a feel for this game in 2 hours so if you plan on getting a refund if you don't like it then don't bother buying it.
76561198077648877,Not Recommended,252450,15311337,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,darkavatar1183,"It's amazing that no matter how hard I try, I can't get ahead. Even on the ""New Easy"", the AI can churn out vessels like a Ford Plant and anything I try to produce, and I do mean ANYTHING is destroyed by their ships with minimal effort. When I do start to seem to be getting ahead, my nearest neighbor will start making demands and then when I decline because I can't afford it... They just willy-nilly declare war even when I had such good relations with them.I waited a long time for this game and after just 2 days, I'm regretting buying it. I mean, I've heard of ""rubber band"" physics... but this is ridiculous!"
76561198025582931,Recommended,252450,15407686,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,palidine40,"This is a chill 4x genre game with a little less focus on the roleplay, though an enjoyable amount thrown in as flavor. I like the strategic modifications between Stardrive 1 and 2, in that it is nice to have turn based Galactic and Close Quarters combat, while having real time ship to ship combat. I get lost for hours in planning out the build of my empire, trying to figure out what research path i want to take in order to take advantage of my current and hopeful future resources.  I get more enjoyment in easy mode myself while trying to push for peaceful expansion with hard force reaction response when someone declares war on my empire.This empire smacks back. :D"
,Not Recommended,252450,21452220,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Patricius,"Well here it is, the sequel to the game everyone wanted right? Right?I'm gonna' start with the positives;- The game has a nice UI when you're playing on the strategy map, it's relatively easy to use and tells you every thing     you need to know at this perspective.- The games empire management screen is useful, it allows you to manage a large empire quite effectively from one screen.I find that I quickly run out of positives, the reason I've played it for as long as I have is because there are star wars and star trek model mods for it, most people don't know because the games steam workshop is broken.The negatives, unfortunately this may take a while;- The game severely lacks originality, it doesn't innovate the genre at all and uses most of its aspects from the master of Orion game series. All of the races apart from the Chukk affiliation are ripoffs from MoO, and all of those races assets are reused from the old game, infact most of the assets of the game are reused from the first game, the buildings and the ship designs, the game has even less ship designs then the original which doesn't help.- The game has six options if that, including the ability to disable the gnn broadcasts, which can get annoying, you can turn v sync on/off and fullscreen on/off, change the quality with 4 different options from fastest to best, you can change your anti-aliasing settings and change the resolutions. It's extremely lacking in option customability.- The planetary production is boring, you can change the workers from science to production to food, again like MoO.- The ship design has changed to become much less customizable, the firing acrs aren't customizable and it's less balanced.-  There is only one win condition total dominance of the galaxy or you can just quit when you kill the masters.- The AI doesn't favour diplomacy and they will all declare war because they can't do anything else, they don't really value allies or friends, performing diplomatic acts just pospones the envitable. They can't design new ships just the default ones which are terrible so if you have a decent few ships you can completely destroy their fleer, which brings me to the envitablility of ground combat. Unless you have nukes on your ships to exterminate the enemy soldiers and sweep in with some soldiers to capture the planet, you will have the unfortunate displeasure of meeting the ground combat. Its performance is terrible, it's ridiculasly unbalanced, dull and auto resolve is unreliable so you are force to do this monotonous task if you want to win.It's an unoriginal easy sequel that is buggy with a bad developer. Don't buy the game, if you want a game that's like this but more polished and by a reliable company, I'd either buy stellaris, GalCiv or the new master of orion."
76561198077800242,Not Recommended,252450,15440428,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,futrtrubl,"This could be a great game. Unfortunately I can't recommend it when there isn't a mechanic in the game that isn't bugged. I could maybe accept that for an early access game but I do not see this game listed as that.The thing is I actually played Stardrive 1 and felt the exact same way about it and then it was abandoned in an unfinished state.Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me, also even more shame on you."
76561197976448525,Recommended,252450,15313877,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kaveski,"The game is a good buy and enjoyable, overall worth the money. However, it is not yet a great game and will require patches and expansion packs to make it so. Detailed comments below.+ Throughout the game there is the feeling of an arms race, constantly needing new technology and designs to stay ahead.+ The diplomacy is quite good, albeit lacking alliances and a diplomatic victory. You also do get a few funny requests (such as one of my opponents declaring war on me for not giving them my homeworld).+ Graphics are good (from my experience for the 4X genre).+ AI and the game seems balanced but it does take c. 10 hours of trial and error as it is quite tough.+ Race customisation options are good.- The game does have a number of bugs e.g. for c. 25% of my first full game I would end up playing ground combat as the enemy. This is not game breaking as I could guarantee myself a win by therefore intentionally losing as the enemy but it is odd for such an obvious bug to be present at release.- The UI is at times awkward, e.g. for some races Titan ships (the largest vessels) are too large on the strategic map and prevent the ability to select any other planets or fleets in the system. This again is not game breaking but is quite frustrating.- As far as I can tell, elimination of all races is the only victory condition. This makes it very sad to have to turn on your closest friends to win the game.- Ground combat is relatively poorly designed; a system such as MOO2 would have been fine or a later expansion pack."
76561198041674069,Recommended,252450,15591419,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lollipop Guild,"This really is a great game.  I highly recommend it.  Played Sins, Civ, Endless, GS series... this game is right up there and in some ways better.  Learning curve a bit steep, but that's why we play 4x games, right?  So far, Zero has responded well to tweaking and improving game play, and the mod community has already spooled up with enhancements of their own for those that like to mod games.   Highly engrossing, challenging, and customizable to create the 4x experience you are looking for.  Lots of replayability with this title.  It's a very good 4x game, and I've played just about all of them.  Those that like 4x games have been blessed with a lot of choices lately.  This one will not disappoint."
,Not Recommended,252450,15449585,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Malachi,"I regret spending opening price to purchase this game. It has so many bugs that I wonder of the devlopers acually played the game before releasing it. I have fleets disappering, invisible enemies, freezing and crshing on minimal settnigs, and that's just the tip.The game itself introduces nothing new. it is essentially a reskin of its predecessor, but actally feels more limiting rather than less. Planetary governors have been removed, forcing you to micromanage every planet. Heroes were added, but barely rate a footnote. Espionage no longer has individual agents with their own names and rankings, Ground combat is clunky and frustrating, fleets will hover around, miss, or otherwise loose targets which you had ordered them to find, board, or engage, Diplomacy is socompletely unbalanced that it would require a separate review.And then there are simple things, like persistant scenario memory, that further frustrate me. You spend time setting up the ideal scenario for your game and then for whatever reason choose to restart and have to do it all over again. There is no apparatus to save  races or campaign settings.All and all, I was too frustrated to have fun."
76561198009184624,Recommended,252450,15296965,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,3])linux,"Stardrive 2 is the game for you if:1.You like a 'fast' turn based feel, don't expect to wait for minutes while ai's take their turns!2.A true Master of Orion 2 successor, which you notice very well as you play the game. Lots of ideas taken from there, so you can adapt very quickly to the game. So if you like MOO2 you will like this game.3. A nice ship combat system, really nice to watch, and you can actually apply tactics--especially if you design your fleets well. You won't just sit there and watch the battle happen. Unless you have a titan packed with mass drivers, defense guns,and a tough armor or shield.4. Focus on planets has improved drastically, especially how population and building special buildings has a huge impact. Colonists can either be taking care of the food business, the production business, or be Einstein-tier researchers.5. Customize ships. Shipyard is back, and while it isn't as free as Stardrive 1 the limitations are there because it makes the ship combat more realistic. Far more choice too with every component, want it to be armored-its going to be heavier,cost more, and take longer to build. Lots of different weapon options as well.6. Lore, lots and lots of it. Also add to that the funny jokes and items you come across taken from many different sci-fi series7. Enjoy mods, because this game is build to support plenty and plenty of mods. Star Trek mods are already on their way. Also, with the current game engine choice it's bound to look  good.-----------------------------------Stardrive 2 has innovated upon1. Concept of freighter fleets is high in this game, don't remember if MOO2 has it though. So protecting freighter fleets is very important unless you want your empire to stagnate and crumble.2. Simultaneous turns system,it's turn based with a realtime feel.I might be the only one that really likes this system though. Turns happen instantly,not many(or any) 4x games have such a quick turn system.Also, every empire makes the turn at the 'same' time more or less.3. 3D ground combat, you rarely if never see that in a 4x game, while it is at the moment simple it has great potential.----------------------------------------Then again, the game could use quite a few improvements, but these are1. More detailed ship battles, they are amazing as they are now, but nothing is ever perfect!2. Better ground combat. Perhaps in a future expansion?3. Better user interface in certain sections, speed timers in the battle interface?4. Larger galaxies, 100 systems is huge but the universe is the limit!---Overall, great game-shines over its predecessor. A great single player 4x game, quite refreshing to see.Added bonus, it's the first turn based 4x game to come out on gnu/linux!(as far as I know)."
,Not Recommended,252450,15296146,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dr. Devastation,"While I enjoyed StarDrive 1, it was never finished. This game looked, at first glance, to be an attempt to create the game SD 1 was supposed to be. A lot of the changes are good (turn based but still quick gameplay), tech tree in which every choice feels like it makes a difference (but also extremely remniscient of MoO2) and hints of a story you might learn if you spend enough time with the game.Ship building is basically similar to the first game, but streamlined, which I highly approve of.The bad (and/or not yet done features) are too many to give this game a pass. If anything, this most certainly belongs in early access. If the designer disagrees, he ought to stop making games.A few specifics:-The tech tree is basically a mash-up of SD 1 and MoO2. But with sparsely any game effects visible (except for buildings, which are all well detailed, which makes the difference all the more obvious). The description certainly doesn't convey how utterly useless researching Plasma cannons was (in every way a worse choice than the weapons you start with, since they just almost never seem to hit) nor that researching and equipping rail guns to my troops would be a worse choice than sticking to the laser rifles you start with.-Ground combat. Wow. Are you serious? You release a game with this ""feature""?Graphics are acceptable, if barely, but there's neither good advancement nor is there ever a point to this. The enemy advances in a direct line at you and will select it's targets and use it's abilities in the same exact manner every time.There is no way to define a standard equipment for your troops, you have to adjust every planet on it's own (not like there's really a point, your starting equipment is what you'll switch back to, once you realize how superior it is to later research, unless you go really far in the tech tree).-Diplomacy: The basic system is alright, but it sadly needs work.-The space combat is nice, but very one-sided, with some weapons being utterly superior to others. But there is great potential here. But there really needs to be a way to speed up combat. There's nothing more annoying than waiting forever for a fight that's been decided minutes ago to end and it taking forever because there's one last annoying small ship or fighter still alive and dodging like an ace.-The game's seriousness or lack thereof. It's not that there's humor in here. It's that the game seems like it's trying too hard, while also insecure about how funny or serious it should be. I wouldn't mind either way. Even a slight shift in either direction might be enough, but as is, it's in a weird place. Whenever I start taking the events in the game seriously, something reminds me I ought not to.I could go on, but while I don't want people to waste their money on this, I also don't want to make the wrong impression: There is real potential here. I had fun with this game, but I can't see myself playing it in this state.Currently, it feels less finished than most early access games I have.The bad, sadly, vastly outweigh the good. At this moment, I strongly suggest watching this game from a safe distance and waiting for it to either evolve into what it might be or to stagnate as the first one did."
76561198079436548,Recommended,252450,15313054,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Fraustratedcheese,"This is so much fun! The ships design is really well done I am enjoying it. The diplomacy is really well done but could use a few moe treateis such as alliances wouldn't be bad. The tutorial is exalent if it is your frist time playing use it. ,but the game does have some flaws the random map events have been the same every playthrough ive done and I am able to hold off fleets with 4 medium size ships that are twice my size which makes it kinda stale and I miss the formation making from sd1 sometimes if you dont take down all of the small ships fighters included they will run out of the radar and your ships will try and prusue but they will never catch up and the battle will never end  this games needs some form of multiplayer when you refit your ships their names won't change and you have to mnnually do it this is really annoying another thing is the Ai is OP now when I mean OP I mean OP for example the dumbest race in the game is the wolves when you play them on their default but when the Ai gets a hold of them its the exact oppisite they are somehow able to research and expand 2 too 3xs faster then you thast on normal and goes for all races the Ai plays and finaly the comabt fleet combat best combat I have ever seen but the ground combat is meh compared to the fleet combat yes I know what I said before but that is in the early game now on to the ground comabt you can fell its trying to be xcom but just not even close to it you can delpoy sheilds for teporary cover but when you get done to it their really is no cover system to it and its pretty much how much ap? is the target in range select weapon click repeat the fleet combat on the other hand is a blast the best ships or ships depending on how you put it in my oppinion are the fighters once you get enough of these little suckers on one of your carrier ships which is about 20 (each bay holds 4) and give them ion beams minimum they can be equal too or better then your best equiped ships then reasons being there is a ton f thme focusing on one target all shooting at them same time its like watching a bunch of angry hornets attacking a bear except it is space bear samuri its as awsome as it sounds and the ""bear"" in this case is an enemy ship that can retreat which will take 24 seconds or die either way its so much fun to watch once for example I have my main fleet with 3 carriers 24 fighters each and 2 battle ships 4 fighter each this adds up to 83 fighters total I have my fighters equiped with shields yes you can shields for your fighters and you dont even need to go into the shipyard to upgrade them the games does it for you automaticlly which is nice and disrupters which are better then the ion beams but back to the story now I was attcking a planet with said loadout of fleet with a few more ships in it those aren't important lol and sent all of my fighters to attack a battle station and I kid you not the station was gone in litterly seconds with its shields up seconds! truly awsome! Now if you can live with these flaws and lets face it you probaly will I mean this game was created by one guy and this is far better then sd1 for all its worth is you don't like this game then you must not apprciate hard work you will have so fun with this game!!!"
76561198073560898,Recommended,252450,15715993,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Captain Talus,"I genuinely think this game is worth the asking price. It is a solid experience and has nice variety for those who look for it. That said though it is a little lacking in some areas. A few complaints are in areas like diplomacy. The lack of a Federation system as was present in the first game is noticable to me and combined with the demanding AIs always pressing your tolerance limits is an annoyance. The ground combat is weak in my opinion though permissable as it isn't the focus of the game but allows some break up in space battles. Most interestingly is that this game feels designed with multiplayer in mind. The tolerance limits would play well into players not over coorperating, the leader system means that no empire can have all the cards and players would have to consider sharing techs to get what they want. This would also help explain the lack of Federation since it merges two empires into one. This leads into my final point where, other than seemingly bottomless ability to throw ships and troops at you AI is a little lightweight. They don't use great unit cohesion in ground combat and I found them to use numbers rather than design to win space fights. A player would pose a much more interesting threat and I might actually have to bust out the Hazmat suits. Again a good game but it has a way to go to become great.Addendum: Thought of it as I was writing the above. I know that they simplified space to ease the burden on computers and such but I miss: being able to build battlestations in deep space, being able to jump ships in and out of danger, or the possibility of ships getting stranded in space after their engines are shot out, FTL and combat thrusters, ability to redesign transport ships (could be converted to combat use), designing stations, exporting production and assigning governers to build and manage things on planets. Regardless though I think this game is an improvement on small scale galaxies but needs some upgrades to help managment on large maps. Happy space battles and remember: It may not be much to look at... but Its RAINING DIAMONDS!"
,Recommended,252450,15284656,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,BMF,"Everything I hoped for.Still has some pretty tiny minor bugs, but the experience is MOO2 times 10.Love IT!"
76561197965338797,Recommended,252450,21795887,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Janster,"If you are looking for a 4x experience where shipbuilding is a huge part, look no further, this is THE 4x for you. Its super detailed shipbuilding coupled with a combat mode that's pretty good, makes for a good fun game. I recommend this one over a lot of other copies, just because the combat model is so well done in comparison.Thank you."
,Not Recommended,252450,15284752,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"I have changed my mind on Stardrive 2.  I am sticking to the prior posting that I don't really care about the Stardrive 1 complaints.  That said I am getting rather upset with the game balance.  After a number of hours I keep hitting a brick wall against the game's AI.  I am not a master of RTS or TBS games but I can usually hold my own against AI.  That said even on easy I am getting my butt stomped regardles of what I do.  I have read up what I can but it seems like I am not the only person running into what almost appears to be a cheating AI.  At first I thought I was expanding too quick eating up resources because of that and the AI was able to build a huge fleet to come at me, regardless of me owning 90% of the map.  So then I started playing it slow, building up a pretty good fleet or two with just a couple star systems under my control.  Nope still get stomped.   I have went back and trying countless different tactics and regardless of what I do I can't get anywhere near the fleets that the AI is putting out.    The game isn't bad but the AI is either cheating or there is something else going on.  Like I said I don't claim to be a strategy expert but even at easy I am getting stopped.  I don't mind hard games, but I don't like games that AI has balance problems.   Zero put out a patch that was supposed to make things better on that front, but if anything they have gotten worse.    Stay away for the moment if you want a game that has an AI that plays fair and isn't going to trash you over and over again even on the easy setting.  I can't imagine what the harder settings must be like.   I know I am going to get some L2P comments.   Maybe I am missing something major but after hours of play I continue to get slaughtered by the AI regardless of what my tactics are.Review at the 90 minute mark - outdatedI had the first Stardrive. I didn't have a big bone against it like some people.  I didn't play for Multiplayer anyway so it not getting included in didn't bother me.  I can see how some people were upset though.  I am not going to say that Zero didn't hurt himself when he dropped support of the first and started working on the sequel, however I understand why he did.  Personally with the 90 or so minutes I have spent in the game I can say that the sequel is worth the money.  I would have liked to see a bit of a better discount for prior users but still for $20 it wasn't that bad and if you don't already own the first I feel like the game is stable and more than fun enough to say that it is worth $30.  Do I understand why some Stardrive players feel slighted, yes.  Do I think it is unforgiveable?  No I don't.  As long as Zero continues to support 2 and doesn't run off starting 3 before everyone feels any major bugs have been addressed I personally think everything is fine.  I have a ton of space 4x games and 4x games in general, and I can say that SD2 does a lot of unique things, and well enough that it sets itself out from the crowd."
76561197974396757,Recommended,252450,15413153,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,きつね,"My Original Review had this tagged as a game to avoid, however i am pleased to be able to re-write this review and recommend this game.The only reason for the change would be due to the authors rapid response to complaints and required work with the game.To help out people planing to buy this game i have my Rig posted below :Amd Phenom x 616Gb DDR @ 1600 RamSSD Boot driveWin7 64The above results in good clean gameplay 90% of the time however very large fights can result in slow downs , or if you use "" carrier spam - More on that later ""The Good :- Fun- Large scale combat based 4x type game- Ship design is hella fun- Random events add spice to the game- The AI is challanging for experianced players- No 2 games will be exactally the same- All races are almost fully fleshed out- Ships look fantastic, get the paint job pack if you want additional eye candy- Runs relitively well- You can make some very interesting ship designs , and the AI using the same side later will start using them ( helps you make a better mouse trap )- If you ever played Masters Of Orion 2 the first 2/3'rds of the game are very similarThe Bad:- AI can be psycotic , "" I the ai has 10 planets, you have 3 if you expand any more ill declare war  , I the AI finds your breathing offensive war time , I the ai find i don't like your face hole , guess wot? , war!- The slowdowns at end of combat can be frustrating, and can be up to 5 minutes, however you can Alt + tab out to do otherthings or talk to your family, get a coffee etc maybe its a feature ?- The Tech tree is not finished and it constantly feels like things are missing ( currently only 2 engine types )- Ground Combat is painful slow and boring , some of the ground based weapons don't even do any damage and is still awaiting a fix from past 2 patches- Tracking / using ground forces is cumbersome, lift a platoon into orbit to fight on LV426 and the colony wont "" make more "" troops until its dead ? , if you put the platoon on another planet its still "" assigned "" to the last colony??? , but there is no "" ground forces "" overlay type interaction.- Due to the above its usally easyer to simply pound a planet into the stone age , land 1 troop take over and ignore ground combat entierly- Lack of Ship hull types, there are only 5 per side and you can't add more hull types, which is a shame given the level of customization you can go to on each ship.- There is currently a bug with assigning escorts to civillian transports that breaks the game- No Incrimental save system, which would be good given the bugs-The above should help you decide to get the game now or later , the DLC's are good but a bit expensive for what you get, however as this guy is basicly a 1 man team why not give him some extra $$$ towards completing this game?Having said that this game is worth the buy, but a little expensive currently for its current state if you have patience may be worth holding off 6 months and buying it then."
76561198030773396,Recommended,252450,20529009,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,stripe7,"Did not like this game when I first got it. Most of the reasons was because it was in somewhat of an alpha state at that time. Taken a second look at the game. It is much more playable now. Still hate one aspect of it, you cannot turn off the darned wormholes from appearing in you home system. Do not know if there is technology which which I have not yet researched which will allow me to plant a battlesation in front of it to stop enemy fleets from showing up in my home system. I think I will have more gripes about the game. Unfortunately or fortunately I think this is one of the games I will gripe about but continue to play.  C'mon you have to give a game a chance for a ""Sharknado"" planetary hazard! Not only that, but Molo farms! This game is made by a real SF buff even if the developers watch that crud SyFy puts out as movies.Edit: This game is a zerg rush. you either start fast and contact other races or you die by getting a wormhole pop up connecting your home system with that of another empire.  No choice built into the game. I am switching to a no vote on this game. The expansion won't do anything either to changing the war footing you are forced on.Edit: Ok, the patched game is much more playable. You can edit the config file and change the 100 system max to what ever number your PC can handle. I have played 300 stars without issue on mine. Also if you click disable attacks in the galaxy creation screen it removes the forced zerg rush. There will be no wormhole poping up to link your empire with that of another."
76561198005215786,Not Recommended,252450,15294251,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,WollieG,"New EDIT:I cannot believe that after 1 year and 3 months still no fixes on the most annoying bugs and also no changes in the annoying interface when in combat.Lots of users asked Dan over and over to please make it easier to use abilities for ships when in combat, you have to select each and every ship over and over because you have to click the ability for a ship one by one. There is no select all and then click on ability.Guess what, 1 year and 3 months later still not fixed or at least changed so that you can do this and yet new DLCs and new features and core game controls still annoying and tedious.AI still cheating like crazy where they have less planets than you but come with fleets 4 times bigger than you and crush you.Bugs, bugs, bugs.Stay Away and do not support devs like this.END new EDIT:EDIT: I have changed my review to negative and do not recommend this game at all, the developer ZERO does not like to hear negative comments, when you do post on his site or on steam forum then he deletes the negative comments about his game. So only positive is allowed so that he can sell more games. He is just after the money and only want to hear good things.I changed my recommendation from yes to no because my first review was first impressions of playing game, but after playing a while and getting late game lots and lots of issues came up which the developer does not want to hear about, he does not like negative feedback and as of now it seems this game is also abandoned just like Stardrive 1 but he speaks about DLCs etc and core game still having issues. I will not support this guy again because he only wants the guys commenting when its good, its like a little gang he has and as soon as you say something negative then his gang on top of you and you get banned from his forums.Do not buy this game, there is way better 4x games out there and by the way a new Master Of Orion is on the way. I cannot wait for this.END EDIT:I was really upset when Stardrive 1 was abandoned and never finished and i sweared i will never buy a game from Dan (Zero) again.....ever!!!!BUT.....I took advantage of my 33% discount and did what i said i would never do again.....I bought the game.....yes, yes, i gave my money to Dan again.and.....WOW, all i can say is WOW, this game is amazing, i am stunned by the graphics, the combat, how ships die, the universe, the story, the design of ships etc etc etc. I am glad i took my 33% discount and bought the game.The only thing i do not like is the way research works, because i would like to research everything....maybe i would get used to it because the game has so much to offer.Now i have not played much but WOW Dan, amazingly done, i am really amazed by your talent and this game is so well done.Please please Dan....do not abandon this game as well.I would definitely recommend this game to 4x gamers and i am stunned. Take it from someone who was very angry at Dan abandoning the first game but i think he made up for this BIG TIME with Stardrive 2.I will play this game more but i think i am going to eat my words and i already love this game. Cannot wait to see what happens the next turn, it keeps on surprizing me.WELL DONE DAN!!! Amazing job. If Stardrive 2 turns out to work and not full of bugs big time then you will see me again buying Stardrive 3, LOL!!!Well done on this game, amazing for one man show. You have surely changed my mind so far with this game. You are really showing other BIG companies making 4x games on how it should be done. I love it.I know i gave you hard time with Stardrive 1 because of bugs and abandoned game but so far you have made it up with this game.Again WELL DONE!!!Edit: After playing some more i am a bit irritated by the AI coming with big fleets when your still trying to build up, its as if the AI is cheating and they attack you so quickly in the game.\Not even mentioning the damn pirates and other creatures attacking you so quickly like 20 turns into the game, i have like 4 small fighters and lose everything, they come to quickly in game.Also the easy setting does not work, AI so strong and kill you so quickly.The setting to make pirates less does not work as well, they just keep coming and coming, lots of them and so often.The map is small as well, even with 100 systems it is still too small, the AI so quickly on you and then just overrun you.I hope this gets patched soon or fixed, and bigger maps would be great."
76561198006885914,Not Recommended,252450,20669768,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,asdasd,"Fun game.  Very much a MOOIII clone with some enhancements.  Well done, but it is a work in progress by any account.  I think calling it a finished game is a bit premature.I got a few hours of play in before it crashed (for the last time).  It has never been able to restart it on my computer after several uninstall and reinstall cycles... Always hangs on the loading screen now.....  I think it has to do with how it is connected into steam.....  Anyways, it was fun while it lasted....  But I can't recommend a broken game.  You may get 100hrs out of it, you may get 1 min... its a roll of the dice, not a good recommendation."
76561198041290852,Recommended,252450,21800398,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jesus Christ,The developer is activley listening to complaints and fixing things as fast as possible at the moment maybe only piakc it up on sale but to say the game is fantastic is true.
,Recommended,252450,23778943,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Luciferos,"Simple: if you liked Masters of Orion II, you will like StarDrive II. This game is a direct forward iteration of the timeless classic. I cannot stress enough how wonderfully refreshing it is to play a game in that same vein that grows upon it organically without overdoing it or trying to change too much. Stardrive also has a very refreshingly light attitude and a healthy sense of irreverent and sometimes self-depricating humor, which helps a lot during a long slog through a highly technical strategy game on high difficulty.If you have not played Masters of Orion II, but you enjoy space turn-based 4X games, I highly recommend this one. The ship designer can be a bit overwhelming to do well at, and understanding the consequences of technological research takes a bit of getting used to, but as a spit-shine using modern engines and a fresh setting and story on what many consider to be the greatest space 4X game of all time, this one is well worth it."
76561198021922786,Recommended,252450,21559546,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,chessdickman,Good game would be great with out all the gliches.
76561197960673584,Recommended,252450,21753267,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,WereMops,"It's a decent/good 4x game, apart from shipbuilding (I probably spend more time in that tinkering with designs than out on the map) it's a little barebone but it does the job, with the dlc it goes from decent/good to good/great."
76561198115839860,Recommended,252450,21606183,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jimmy the Squid,"This game is fantastic. I was shocked to see it had mixed reviews and realized I didn't post one.I keep coming back to it over and over again because it's easy to fire up and play and there are so many races and types of ships to build it makes each game a new experience. Originally I thought of it as a modernized clone of MOO2 (till I learned it a little better) but... I hate to say it.. I mean I really do because I'm a big long time fan of MOO2 but I'm starting to think this game is actually superior to Master of Orion 2. It's just got more of everything that is great about MOO2 in a slicker and friendlier UI. I can't believe it was made by one guy. I guess sometimes one persons vision is better than an entire team of developers with conflicting ideas. I was looking to get the the new Moo early access remake and... ya know I think I'll just keep playing Stardrive 2. Expensive voice actors don't really make a great game, it's gameplay that make them great. Great gameplay is what makes us play various games for over 10 years like MOO2. It's not the fluff of cut scenes or voice acting. It seems Zero understands that.I think this game gets some negative reviews or is called ""incomplete"" by some people is that they expect the game to have some kind of splashy story and a easy ""story mode"" setting.. and that is not really what this is. This game is about terrific 4x gameplay in the vein of old style gaming (like moo itself). You will not win every game and that is a good thing because it puts the pressure on an makes you take risks. As far as bugs go, I haven't really noticed any serious ones but I play it on Linux so maybe it's more stable. In all the games I've played maybe it's crashed a couple of times.. big deal. (I've seen major titles that are waaay worse,)Pros:* Great ship design.* Tactical ship combat is really good.* The UI is friendly and well thought out.* Planet management is fairly easy. (compared to Moo2)* It has a lot of cool races each with their own unique ships that is more than how they look they actually affect what weapons you can research and equip so various things work better on various races.* Customizable galaxy with random things to discover in it.* Sidequests that open various new technology and can impact your builds.* It's very challenging. (I play on hard or brutal mode usually)* Plays great on Linux.* High replay value.Some things it could improve on:* No DLC! - Seriously zero take my money.* Occasionally (on my hardware) the game slows down on 100-200 ships shooting it out. (w/ thousands of missiles or fighters especially)* Ground combats pretty basic. (tho better than MOO2)* Spying could be abit improved.* No Stat system or charts to see how your doing. Sometimes you feel a little blind.* No peaceful solution. You have to kill everyone. (tho diplomatic win is kinda meh..)* No real ending. You just win. (I wasn't expecting much but nice victory screen or stats would be nice)* Some of the larger ships are not symmetrical and have more space on one side or the other. It's an oddity..Haters be dammed.. this game rocks. If you like 4X, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,252450,21753569,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,habs,"A tad rough around the edges, but very fun to play.Would recommend, especially if you catch it on a steam sale!8/10"
76561198047611293,Recommended,252450,21763763,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ivan.dunjic,"Personaly, currently the Best Space Strategy game so far (except Master of Orion 2). Hope you keep up the good work."
,Recommended,252450,33918974,Posted: 30 July,all,AbonZel,"Whether or not to recommend this game is a very difficult decision to make for me.I truly enjoyed this game. I enjoy the shipbuilding and playing around with all the components and designs and how it allowed me to try different builds. I liked how some hulls had special benefits to them, like one hull gave a bonus to armor placed in it and another one that gave a large damage boost to beam weapons, and if you didn't want those, probably due to the increase in production cost, you could stick with the bonus-less hulls. I also loved a lot of the writing, as this game is not a ""serious"" game. A lot of the interactions with other races and events are funny, and there are a lot of references to other media, like Stargate, Masters of Orion, Futurama, and even Ghostbusters.However, the game is significantly unpolished and very buggy. For example, when I auto finished a space battle, if my fleet was large enough, I couldn't scroll all the way down to see if all the ships survived. At first, when I tried to see what a research topic was, the tooltip was hidden behind the research screen so I couldn't read most of it. When going to the next turn, if you were colonizing a planet and invading another, the screens would appear at the same time. All minor things, just little nuisances.There are also a lot of bugs, some bigger problems than others. Sometimes, even when I have surplus food and freighters to move the food to starving planets, those planets still starve. I can have deep space stations next to a sector and the sector can have full influence, but I still don't gain control over it. Various bugs that I've seen on the forums that still haven't been fixed. Thankfully, most of these bugs, while they do affect certain aspects of gameplay, they are pretty much never, in my experience, game breaking, and usually pretty easy to deal with or doesn't hurt too much.Like I said, even with those issues, I still enjoyed the game. If you have a low tolerance for bugs and general lack of polish, then I would say you should pass on this game. I would probably suggest that you try other 4X space games like Stellaris before trying this, but if you've tried most of those games or this one goes on a really good sale, I would probably say you can give it a try."
,Not Recommended,252450,21621368,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Griffolion,"Tl;Dr - Just get Master of Orion 2, or the latest one.I really enjoyed the first StarDrive because of the real-time 4X. Despite the bugs in the first game, it was amazing seeing your empire come to life in real time. Ship customisation was a really cool thing, being able to build your ship from scratch from a general hull type is really cool.Basically the only cool thing that was transferred to SD2 was the ship building mechanic, and it received next to no improvements anyway. It went from real-time to turn based, and in doing so basically became a MoO clone. It tried to differentiate with an XCOM/HoM&M style ground combat mini-game where you could control your units. However it was such a half-baked and often buggy experience that it detracted far more than it could ever give.SD3 if there is going to be one, needs to return to its real-time roots, which was its biggest USP, as far as I'm concerned. The series has a chance to really make a mark in the space 4X genre, and it's unfortunate the second entry in the series has been so let down with lazy copy-cat design."
76561198029099256,Recommended,252450,15305353,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,GulAragon,"Easy is OK, but still even easy needs balancing espec. in the beginning. But besides the difficulty issue it is the best MoO2 clone so far, meaning it is 70% a copy of MoO2 in modern graphics. This I mean in a positive way."
,Recommended,252450,21801085,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Nathanr115,"I play for the battle arena...Really...The graphics are great, i love the ship customization (i do miss the arch changing ability from SD 1 though...) and from what I've played the tech tree is... interesting! I like the amount of thinking that the tech tree layout adds to research.I have not encountered any glitches in the game so far, and im not that annoyed that SD 1 wasn't ""fully"" completed. No star lanes! I mean, in Endless space the ""star lanes"" aren't bad but its nice to have completely free roam accross the galaxy...Okok, ill do a pros and cons list!+great graphics, always good for a space stategy game+planet managemnt is fun and interesting (though pollution sucks!)+Ship customization :) ++++Cool races and race customization options, GNN is cool too+Battle arena/ missions!!! AWESOME+Runs smoothly, although in crazy arena battles, the game does lag a bit...+I havent ecountered any glitches.+a fun experience, i havent gotten bored yetMeh stuff:=Ok ai diplomacy=Ok AI (but really, do any games have good AI?)=Arena is rather small, and i do like the open combat feel of SD 1The Bad-counter intuitive tech tree (other than that its great though!)Overall 9/10, would reccomend to all who like space 4x/turn based stategy games!"
76561198063998509,Recommended,252450,21573230,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,matt.lloyd,A well built game with a solid core and plenty of customization. Needs some polish but has so much good core material that makes for an enjoyable game with many hours of replayability.
,Not Recommended,252450,23833247,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ITALIAN SPIDERMAN,better off just saving your money and buying a better 4x like civ 5not really worth the 30 dollars I spent to get it and with dlc its like 45$If its on sale for cheap though go for it
76561198007297319,Recommended,252450,21796239,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Elphinsone,"Nice and enjoyable. The love the developer puts in this, can be felt throughout the game and in the frequency of patches. Ground combat is boring, but the rest of the game feels quite round and fun."
76561197970950193,Not Recommended,252450,18511614,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Flurpin,Game feels unfinished and is still buggy.
76561197979124519,Recommended,252450,21797555,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,wwscott,From okay to great with the new dlc...
,Recommended,252450,21933447,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,tnse,"While StarDrive 1 was fresh and had some interesting ways to look at the genre, I felt that StarDrive 2 lacked some of the magic that kept me playing StarDrive 2.BUT, with the DLC, StarDrive2 reaches StarDrive 1 and surpasses in many areas. This game series is back on track."
76561198052740618,Recommended,252450,21850847,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Glade,"The game is fun, worth the money."
,Not Recommended,252450,24823061,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Justin Cray,"MoO 2 without starlanes basically, which makes it inferior. I also really dislike the disorienting zoom and missing information in the empire screen (how many pops per planet missing is the big one)."
,Not Recommended,252450,15334668,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Snuffalo,"Usual review caveats - The ""Yes/No"" recommend system on Steam is extremely simplistic. I'll try to cover both good and bad elements of the game and readers can make their own decision.Edit: Decided to cut down the review to something a little more succinct.Bugs and some dodgy design aside, let's cut to the chase. If you want a Master of Orion 2 clone, with a fair amount of bugs (although Zero has been working on resolving them), then great! Buy it, you'll probably like the game a lot.If you're looking for Stardrive, which was a flawed, but an extremely fun and novel mixture of RTS and 4X with some Master of Orion character with some especially amazing ship design mechanics and that gave you the feeling of running a living and breathing real time empire, with some additions and improvements, then don't buy it, because like me, you'll hate it. This isn't really Stardrive 2, it's a MoO2/Stardrive inspired typical 4X.Don't get me wrong, I love 4X games, but why buy one that is basically a reskin of a 20 year old game with mechanics that have long been improved on and, quite frankly, surpassed in every way? Be nostalgic all you like, but after a few rounds on any of Amplitude's 4X's, this is going to feel bland as grey buttons.I feel for Zero, I really do. SD1 got pilloried for never really becoming a final product. A lot of it was unjustified - typical Reddit gamer entitlement that makes you ask - 'When you got 150 hours out of a game, how can you justify being so upset?' really buried it. SD1 was ambitious, new, and with a little TLC and maybe a larger design team, could have got closer to it's full potential. SD2 felt like that was that opportunity, but instead ditched everything that was innovative and played it safe."
76561198005858075,Not Recommended,252450,15332984,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TheBlackCaptain,"if you're buying this with a Mac, make sure you have the specific video card specs mentioned.  I thought I could get away with getting it and trying it on lower video settings...  but the game won't even load in a visible form with one of those Intel memory-sharing jobs like I have."
76561198042709286,Not Recommended,252450,23793822,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Asiz,"I could say alot of stuff why this game fails but I think to sum it up, it comes down to the authors ability and motivation. Between SD 1 and now this SD 2 you can see obvious short commings like left out features that seem to be more due to the lack luster polishing efforts of the Author.The DLC brings more bugs that break the game at times than fix and add very little in the way of game play over all. Theres no Multiplayer even though the community begged for it, he even took it back to turn based, so its like he tried but ended up in the too hard basket then published the game anyway.Over all its hard to say a good thing about the game mainly becuase other games offer the same as this game the only feature that has any appeal is the ship creation which even that seems slighly watered down compared to SD1. Only reason I gave in and bought the game was because it was 75% off on sale. You can play it and maybe even enjoy it but your going to have to accept that its like buying an alpha with probably no hope of bugs being fixed unless you buy a DLC because that just seems to be how its done , but as mentioned it will break the game in other ways."
76561198007290122,Recommended,252450,21880082,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Yoda32001,I do not know why so many rate this game low. It reminds me a lot of a very advanced form of master of orion 2. I so far have had no problems with it other than very minor bugs and indeed find it a lot of fun. He does a excelent job with not only making it a 4x game but making it something more with quests and a good sense of humor. The races are well done and designing the ships is fun I only wish he had more hull sizes and made the race ships even more unique. I find it drawing me in a lot more than any of the recent space games I have played.
76561198040694630,Not Recommended,252450,18479165,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,chris_luckie,"I paid $14,95 USD for this game... It is worth $1.49!It has lots of potential to be a great and interesting game.Unfortunately it is riddled with bugs and glitches.Also, it's user interface is poor (especially during battles - ground and space)It does feel like it is at Bata stage and the creators and publishers should be ashamed to have released it to the public!Buyer... do not waste your time and money!!!"
,Not Recommended,252450,21348976,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Vellarain,"I want to like this game, but so much about it rubs me the wrong way...The ground combat just needs to go, I hate it and its no fun to deal with. I wont even do the  little side quests because I know its gonna just land up with more ground combat.The research system can seriously go ♥♥♥♥ its self with its you can only pick one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, ♥♥♥♥ you I had to cheat and make the trait that gives me all the techs when I reach a new teir free because this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much.The AI, is just down right stupid and interacting with them is totally pointless. Even after all the patches to it has only elevated high functioning mentally disabled. Its painfully obvious that it needs to cheat to even stand a chance against a player since they dont have to deal with globally hostile encounters.The onyl reason why this game is even a challange is because you are constantly under attack trying to do anything to advance yourselfThe original game was better than this all we have here is improved visuals and that does no impress me one bit."
,Recommended,252450,15324263,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,IndiVestor,"So far so good.I don't like the UI is no longer totally scalable with no switching of screens. One thing I remember about the orginal is that you could zoom in on the space battles from the main map. This now has loading screens which makes it much more convensional and it is a great shame that this is no longer in it.THat being said, the UI is a lot easier to use and everything in the game is just much more obvious with no WTF moments. Building ships is now much clearer.So I have only had about an hours play but so far so good."
76561198060698226,Recommended,252450,15324196,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,killer30556,i have never played stardrive 1 or a game like it so this review is just the game and i wont look at other games whilst writing thisstardrive 2 is a fun game where even the minmax stuf is fun like building a shipit has its own prety funy humorthe ground battles are not that great but can be fun and the space battles are prety goodi would rate this game a 7/10 and worth the money
76561197980968158,Not Recommended,252450,23103374,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Åbom,"Hate this game! The first one was a clean RTS and something special, it had its flaws but why make another turn based space game when the first one didn't was turn based? This is like a bad version of the new Orion.. I rather play stardrive 1."
76561198007236904,Recommended,252450,21649399,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ken.lakes,"For those of you who love Masters of Orion, this is the same type of game, but perfected. Imagine if you could custom design the layout of your ships in Masters of Orion, with better graphics to boot.Ignore the internet trolls who don't understand what the heck they are talking about. This is an indie game made with far greater love and admiration for the genre than big budget studios with millions of dollars to spend. The result is a game with much better design and implementation.Best turn based strategy game on Steam, hands down."
,Not Recommended,252450,29571194,Posted: 29 January,all,zzvincent11,This game is annoying as hell and not what I envisioned when i first bought the product. Just dissappointed.
76561197994306580,Not Recommended,252450,25656311,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ELLGuapo,"This is a difficult game, so they made a tutorial, but it is impossible to hear what the guy is saying since the tutors voice is less then a whisper, even if you mute the music and the SFX (which does not mute the galaxies background noise btw.) So I found that many others had this same problem in the forums and nothing is done about it. so GEEG.Me no recommend"
76561198007698302,Recommended,252450,21269662,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ionrobsam,This game is so great an improvement on StarDrive it should be titled StarDrive V. My only complaint is the hazy and difficult to make out movement and firing arcs for ground combat. That aside the game is almost perfect now that the updates and patches have corrected earlier bugs. So if you wish to enjoy gem of a game this is it.
,Recommended,252450,15328247,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Vineheart01,"9/10 would recommend.I only say 9/10 rather than 10/10 because as of right now the numbers arent balanced very well. Higher tier weapons are actually a detriment and higher tier ships are a little too cheap to bring to the table. Both are purely numbers, though, and can be fixed very easily/quickly so that is the only reason i say its not perfect.The new turn-base system allows much more relaxed play even in the late game. SD1 had a bad reputation for becoming a micromanaging nightmare late game due to the RTS nature it had. The people that say otherwise should go play Starcraft if they want a fast-paced RTS, not StarDrive.Personally i love the new shipyard mechanics. Many complain about it because it removed a lot of customization with firing arcs and the ships are smaller, but i welcome it. I could spend upwards of an hour in SD1 designing a Titan ship because of all the firing arcs and power management it required. In SD2, probably 10min max. Much prefer the vastly faster customization vs the amount of customization.Difficulty meters cater to a wide array of players. The ""Normal"" can be rather unforgiving until you learn a few tricks of the trade, but theres a lot of ways to make it easier while you learn the game."
76561198088941339,Recommended,252450,15329014,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Hyperion,"At first, I was a little skeptical about Stardrive 2, with the first game being relativelty unfinished and all. Yet when I jumped into it, I was blown away. Zero has completely made up for Stardrive one. The combat, the Diplomacy, All of it is really quite awesome. I particuallary enjoyed the way research works, making actuially choicves that will affect the outcome of the game as a whole. If you're willing to lose quoite a few space battles(it's going to happen) then I recomend this game greatly.Also, Samurail Space Bears. Need I say more?"
76561198115241227,Recommended,252450,15338587,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,gravmania,"The game is quite good. Good concepts, lots of strategic elements that need to be paid attention to."
,Recommended,252450,15315643,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kleverig,"A hard AI based game With realistic Solar Systems (Very Few Planets like Earth) where you have to rely on your Technology to not be over run by your foe. I have played multiple games all ending and starting out differently, Rebels can take over your capital, A unforgiveing foe attacks you, or maybe some radom wormhole opens and a unknown race ends up killing you, these are just some of the examples of how this game is diverse and every game will be different. I would recommend this game if you want to try a new fun 4x Strategy game that is Random in its events and difficulty."
,Not Recommended,252450,21714449,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dale,"The reasons I choose to give StarDrive2 a negitive review;1. The game is buggy and has serious balance issues2. A DLC pack has been released, which should have been a update.3. Very little bugfixing going on4. Developer has dropped out on previous game, leaving it in unfinished state, and seems to want extra money to provide expansions when the game is still as unbalanced as day one.I liked the idea of this game, I thought it would be a successor to the Masters of Orion games, and in some ways it is. Its not a bad game, but it feels unbalanced and unfinished. I bought the Original StarDrive too.The Developer abandoned that project stating it was in a playable state, which to some sense it was, but it was not what was promised, unfinished tech trees, an intresting storyline with the mysterious remnant race, which just ended half way with no explanasion, despite it being clear there was more to the story."
76561198089612801,Recommended,252450,15417061,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Scythe7,"Some of the best shipbuilding in any 4x space strategy game ever. Ground combat is meh, and it currently has a few issues with oversized fleets and auto resolve, but I really like shipbuilding. It also has one of the best start game customization I ahve ever seen. The options menu is lackluster though. It also really innovates with the diplomacy screen, even though the diplomacy itself is a bit lacking, by letting you see the exact value of different trades and why the other race hates or loves you. The research is also really interesting because you must choose between different techs, only getting rhe other ones through diplomacy or espionage, spying being pretty lame. Buy it on sale."
76561198019864597,Recommended,252450,15394233,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,adriancyres \KFC/,"This is one of those games that needs your attention. You cannot really play it while idly waiting for the AI to do something threatening. Honestly it feels a bit more realistic in the way it portrays aggresive expansionism.A strong focus on one sole aspect of the game can yield some good results (economy, research or military), but learning to balance the three of them while sending out scouts and forming a good set of core worlds is key to building up the strength to be able to stand toe to toe with an AI that makes calculated decisions every single turn.Is it an easy game? No.Is it a thinking man's game? Yes.If you're looking for a quick game you can beat in a relaxing afternoon, maybe look outside the 4X genre.All that said, I truly enjoy the challenge, and it makes the victories feel real and well earned. Combat is more meaningful and making otherwise ""boring"" decisions about your economy, research and politics is a tense and exciting process within the context of the larger game.With a few more options for better difficulty scaling and some great steam workshop support, this will definitely be a mass hit. But until then, enjoy the challenge!"
76561198059723156,Recommended,252450,15568739,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Insurgent,"This game is great.One of the few things i have a problem with is that the AI will settle inside youre core space-without your permission, but you cannot do that to the AI. Otherwise, this just took the place of civ 5 for me"
76561198023974127,Recommended,252450,15413729,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,XCOM Junkie,"Having played and enjoyed Stardrive 1, I've been looking forward to Stardrive 2 for quite some time. On my first few playthroughs I was slaughtered quickly... but I learned what needed to be done, and got better. This will likely be your path as well, but if you stick with it you'll find a fun game you can drop quite a few hours into. It has that ""one-more-turn"" feel that I love. Enjoy!"
76561198004009454,Recommended,252450,15310489,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Adam_C4explO,"Had a good playsession of Stardrive 2 thus far,  more enjoyable then I expected, wasnt really in the mood for 4x, and this game easily put me back in the mood again,Love the music it reminds me of all the series of star trek.Balance could use a bit of work, im not a fan of 1 strategy wins,  i want to see a more multifaceted approach,  the tech race, diplo, random events could use a bit more balance,    i dont mind knowing my enemy has a better tech then me, just that now its has every tech and is wiping the floor with its 60 command points 0o"
76561198083848786,Recommended,252450,15315302,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Marcos_DS,"Star Drive 2 is a worthy successor to Master or Orion 2!So let me compare it to the classic:+ Better economic/expansion AI than (vanilla, not modded) MoO2+ Better graphics than MoO2+ Better ship design (via module placement that matters)+ Special Resources for empire wide boni+ Special Research Projects+ More diverse planets (types are about the same #, but SD2 has more modifiers)+ Mini-quests/events (some location/discovery based, some from heroes)+ Real time with pause space ship combat (-> you can keep formations, useful for specialized ships like canopy shield carriers or PD-Platforms)+/- Aggressive/opportunistic AI: If you are really weak, they will attack (even if they trade with you and like you, so no real ""friendship"")+/- strong focus on military/conquest aspect of the game+/- not (yet) as many mods as MoO2 (but is does have strong modding support)+/- planetary invasion mini-game (some like it, some don't, but you can still bombard from orbit)- less modules in ship design- lesser focus on diplomacy- slowdowns with very large battles (more than 100 ships for me)- missing some useful features MoO2 had (in-game encyclopedia, statistics)I can wholeheartedly recommend this game!If you get it, some things you need to know (or the AI will kill you, treaty or no):* Build Corvettes:You can build your CP in Corvettes free of charge (in CPs), so your fleet should be normal ships and in addition #CP in Corvettes. And get to your CP limit - otherwise the AI WILL attack, treaty or no. And look at the tutroials* You need your fleet(s)Unlike MoO2, your alone Starbase won't protect you from early raids, a devent fleet can destroy it even very early in game. However, your own fleet (max CP) in addition to the Starbase will work, even against fast expanding races* Expansion makes your neighbors nervous. If everyone (not just some) is talking about how you grow too fast, make a colonization pause (to get fleets & defenses up), and consider the possibility of several parralel wars if you continue on."
76561198065008591,Recommended,252450,15314519,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Statik,"After logging around 5 hours, i have found that the game is quite enjoyable. There are instances where you just want to turn it off because some space monster starts rushing you and blockades your planets or your fleet is harrased by them, but the whole idea is to get yourself into a stable position to be able to defend that.The game is nice in looks and nice in gameplay. The new landing battlefield is amazing and lots of fun, i find myself getting lost within the boarding fights or the attempts to wipe out an aggressive alien spieces that has control over an anomaly.I like the fact you have to decide which research you choose and then diplomacy is one of the other ways to attain the ones you havent researched, it means you actually need to interact with other races and build some kind of relationship with them in order to get what you need, and the fact that citizens have some kind of influence on which races you can trade with makes the game that little bit more challenging.There are some negatives like the fact that you will get rushed even if you dont have a fleet, by the hostile forces that reside in the galaxy, you will find other races rather quickly and in some cases have to go to war before you intended. There is also  the fact that it can be relatively fast paced due to small sized maps, and continual turn passing.. i think that every turn should matter and there should be things to do every turn rather then turn passing while waiting for research or so on... then again this could be me playing the game wrong :SAll in all i think that this game is worth it considering is low price tag, It's not for everyone but if you enjoy turn based stratergy and enjoy space colonization simulations, I suggest you buy this game."
,Not Recommended,252450,25390318,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,StarksFTWkpbds,Just get StellarisYou want more welllll fine this games ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t being overtly hostile to the point where if you so much as look at them they flip their♥♥♥♥♥♥ And another big issue is the territory where ♥♥♥♥ing hell you can plop a ♥♥♥♥ing colony in any ♥♥♥♥ing system. Hey look theres their captial system lets ♥♥♥♥ with them by plonking a ♥♥♥♥ing colony in your homeland.
76561198011507843,Recommended,252450,15577254,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,james.bonham,Highly addictive.
76561197993790011,Not Recommended,252450,15392360,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Discount_Flunky,"The second I heard he was switching to a turn based system I started getting weary, but my love of the first one made me hope for the best, sadly my hopes where in vein.  This game is just plain boring.  Everything that made the last game cool and unique has been stripped away.  I loved the real time battles and micro turns of the first one, they made the game challenging and fun, but now it's a space bar holding simulator.  Not enough happens in one turn to justify making this game turn based.  This how it works, you pick a research and then you hold down the space bar for 2 mins, and then the research bar is done and you pick a new one.The research UI is horrific.  I still haven’t figured out the tree.  In fact there doesn’t' seem to be one.  Or maybe the UI is just so terrible I can't tell.Making the battles a separate screen takes you out of the action a great deal, it's not fun at all.  Even designing ships isn't even fun anymore, because you start with like half the modules unlocked.  What’s up with that?This game is just boring as it is, and to fix it, it would require a complete overhaul of the game, so I doubt it's going to be better.  I don't recommend this game if you liked the first one."
76561198006573232,Recommended,252450,19196599,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Warhawke,"I'm really not sure why this game has 'Mixed' reviews. This is truely one of the better 4X games out there and definitely one of the best produced in recent history. I can only assume that at least part of that is due to the fact that StarDrive II is totally different than StarDrive I. I didn't like StarDrive I personally so I would say thats a goood thing. If you liked SD I then you may feel differently. StarDrive II is a true classic 4X space opera title.Ship customization is a real standout with this title. You can pick all the systems from weapons, shields, hanger bays to powerplants, C&C systems, and medbays and place them on a wide variety of ship sizes and shapes. Which adds another minigame type aspect that is well done and adds to the enjoyment and variety of the game. Each playthrough you can tweak and scheme to build ships that are a little better.The real-time space battles are great with a well done variety of weapon effects (lasers, projectiles, missles, point-defense, etc), the ability to launch fighters for defense or offense, give standing orders, manually direct ships if desired, deploy mines, engage planetary stations, zoom in or out, whats not to love here?The atmosphere is engaging and quite complete with a solid and well thought out lore. The races have real 'personality' and quirkiness that actually makes them standout and be remembered long after you play the game. This for me anyway pushes this game towards 'classic' quality. The custom race generator is quite excellent and balanced and allows you to make well balanced custom races that cater to your own playstyle.The AI is above average for the genre. Clearly if you, like many of us that enjoy the 4X genre, have been playing these games for 20+ years the AI will rarely 'beat' you but it will give you a reasonable challenge. I have not seen the AI doing truely stupid thing like sending fleets to attack fleets twice their size or leaving planets undefended as I have with other 'bigger name' titles.The diplomacy system is well done with many options to trade; money, treaties, trade, technology, planets, etc. The diplomacy screen gives you immediate feedback of the 'value' of both sides trades so you can clearly and easily see the likelyhood of making a successful offer. The races traits even affects what types of goods/technology they value more than others. Well done.The graphics are quite varied and interesting. Not ground breaking but well above average. Different races ships look quite different. The universe scale map is quite nice with attractive atmospherics. The UI is well done and presents all the information needed to make decisions in an attractive and functional way without menu surfing.Planet development is standard faire for the genre with a wide variety of planet sizes, types, and environments. The varied environments interact with various racial abilities. Planets can be mono or multi-racial with associated ups and downs depending on your technologies. A wide variety of buildings can be placed to upgrade your basic production values of industry, food, reseach. Your tech tree selections provide more than enough options for specializing your planets and giving them different roles within your empire.The tech tree is perhaps not as deep as some would like but it is more than amply long for all but the longest of games in huge universes. The mechanic to pick one of three techs at each technology upgrade is innovative and ensures that on each playthrough the tech is varied and plays out differently from game to game. The tech tree can be easily modded if you really desire more.Some people complain about the ground combat but I actually find it quite a fun 'mini-game'; sure it's not C&C ground combat quality but its a great way to break up the monotony of moving fleets and setting build orders. It's 'fun' not 'deep and complex'. Many of the ground combat scenarios are interactive story missions giving the game at times an RPGesque aspect which is nice and fairly innovative for this genre.The game is fairly moddable so I love being able to easily tweak and mod minor annoyances in ways I prefer. Compared to the many other recent 4X games this is the one I would recommend over many of them.In my 80+ hours I have seen few (if any) bugs and the game runs extremely stable which seems to be a rarity in todays world of 'early access' drivel.Overall, I strongly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the classic 4X space opera genre."
76561198030968507,Not Recommended,252450,23280163,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,PhilC19,"Love this game, but its almost to glitchy to play :("
76561198019115504,Not Recommended,252450,15838454,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Drillerman,"Played the campaign game with the tutorial on until I got to the ship design screen. Screen froze, CTD!Hmm. About 10 minutes. First impressions count."
76561198067010034,Not Recommended,252450,15367733,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Vyckeil,"Mishmash of badly implemented game mechanics borrowed from various games. Horribly balanced, repetitive and all the games are played the same, ship design is broken for the various races, ground combat is tedious. Colony management is exactly the same as Moo2 and just as tedious...The only thing I like is the empire borders and fuel mechanic. It's the only redeeming feature but it can't cover for all the deficiencies in this game.Disappointment across the board."
,Recommended,252450,15316344,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Regulus,"Solid 4x offering - probably reminds me closest of Masters of Orion: 2.Pros: turn based map which resolves very quickly (no waiting around), great graphics and performance, no crashes yet, price isn't unreasonable.Cons: only frustration I have had so far is an over aggressive, hard AI (may not be a con to all) and the develper has already posted about adjusting game hardness for different game levels and applied a day two patch that lets you disable some features.Bought plenty of games I regret, but this is not one of them - very pleased."
76561197971261410,Recommended,252450,29892703,Posted: 12 February,all,AegisFire,"Thumbs up with the understanding this game comes with bugs but otherwise is a fantastic endeavor at a moo2 recreation.  (discounted purchase recommended)This game does a better job over any other game of its type at reminding me of Masters of Orion 2... in many ways its a more beautiful version of MOO2.  Very apt as another reviewer wrote Moo2.1.  But I am ok with that, as a matter of fact more than ok.  This game was as the professional reviewers put it, ""compulsively intricate"" and ""the best thing since moo2"" and if thats the case would have to say it deserves a Thumbs up despite its flaws because so many games nowadays release riddled with bugs and get great reviews.  Honestly, there should be a grade between 1-10 not just a thumbs up or down on these reviews, but I whole heartedly believe this game despite everything falls on the good side not the bad side, and deserving enough of a thumbs up.I'd give it an 8/10, if it weren't for the few game breaking bugs. But it's just so much fun when it's working right that I think it's still worth a 6+ but would recommend you buy it at a discount.  Some areas lacking polish like some additional informational text on a tech or two would have been nice.  But overall I am very happy with the product bugs notwithstanding and am sad to say that there may not even be another attempt at Stardrive 3 considering all the negative publicity it has recently gotten.My opinion is that most of the people that had gripes about the gameply or function of this or that just didn't understand the gameply mechanics fully.  I read the reviews before I played the game and tried to keep an eye out for everything they said and just couldn't find many faults with it.  One might say they attempt to steal your tech too often, almost every turn actually, but thats why you build and maintain defenseive spies... and honestly its one of the best ways to get ahead and would not put it past a player to try to steal tech every round if it were possible for themselves.  It usually comes down to enemy tries this, but you counter with this, if you don't counter, you suffer.  I don't think the game should be rediculed on many of the points it lists when there is a perfectly viable and available way to counter the issue built into the game. I also didn't run into any issue where I couldn't overpower the computer if i chose to invest in military might or any other catagory.As for command points, the maximum per colony is not 4, its 6 for the largest battle station, 1 for a command antenna and there are some other bonuses and techs to add more and you can even put bridges and cockpits to your ships to reduce the command point cost of them, in addition to this you can add 7+ points per colony, more colonies more points.  So if you have 50 cp you can use 50 cp worth of ships reduced by the bridge and cockpit modules if you choose to install them.  And all of that is on TOP of the multitude of free ships it lets you have.  For instance if you hvae 50 CP you might be able to have something like 30 corvettes and 15 frigates without even using one of those CP, then you can make a cruiser with a bridge reducing its cost by 1 and that would mean you could still make 25 cruisers before you ran outta command points. And that doesn't stop you, you can make more, it doesn't mean you have to stop, it just costs you money for maintenance after you pass your CP thresshold.  I feel like CP depicts the amount of ships you can control within your logistics capacity -  its simply a way to give you free ships... it by no means stops you from pumping out as many ships as your empire can support with money.  And this of course is not a new concept, many games use this in the strategy genre.The game could use a few extra diplomacy options, and they do fall straight away to hatred if you expand too much, especially the races that have the trait expansionist, like hurt little kids if you take their candy... but I feel that just falls within their race trait and act accordingly.  I otherwise never had any issues with diplomacy and used it often with no issues.The ship construction and design isn't found in any other game of this type to the degree that has been implemented and I thouroughly enjoyed that aspect of the game.There are a few intereface changes I would make, but there are changes I always think should have been added in every game.  For instance, I would have loved to have 2 arrow buttons to slide between colonies onteh build menu, not just he planet menu, it would have saved a click or two.Bottom line, I thoroughly enjoyed the game for the first 40 hours and intend to put at least 100 hours into this game.  I feel that its worth the 30 dollars but if your not sure youo can handle the extra bugs that are in fact within this game and you are very interested in what you see, well then take the dive when its on sale.  If your open minded and understand that nothing on this earth is perfect and you liked moo2 and its faults then you should really like this game too.Thank you for reading.EDIT:  So, after a whole lot more hours into the game I have noticed a few bugs pop up that could potentially ruin the game.  Strangely the first round I didn't use the DLC ships and didn't have any of these problems.  But after using them I noticed the following problems in my second playthrough... one of them potentially catastrophic in that it can destroy your game progress.1) a graphical glitch on the strategy map fleet icon that wont go away with your fleet containing the DLC ships2) planet could get stuck in invasion mode and you cannot recover your soldiers (or hereos) leaving you with no chioce but to bomb it into a glass ball... however, i believe your still paying for the upkeep of these soldiers.3) after a battle the fleet upkeep will go from -800 to -8900000 for no aparent reason and the CP cap will be higher immediately after the battle, when it corrects itself your so far in the hole with  your currency that you cannot support your empire which could cause all your assets to be sold off.4) selecting fleets with HUGE number of ships can cause frame rate to drop to very low numbers until you deselect it.On a side note, your likely to enjoy the game in a small or tiny galaxy as it prevents the battles from getting onboxiously huge and making your graphics card **** itself inside out in battle simulation (no issue with auto battle) ... in addition to making the choices you make with ship building more impactful."
76561197970593982,Recommended,252450,15322833,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[D]Elbandito,"I'm enjoying Stardrive 2 like no other 4X space game since the original Masters of Orion.    It's brilliant.DifficultyI'm playing it in ""easy"" to learn the ropes and have disabled the random space creatures and pirates from attacking. This option helps avoid early fledgling empires from being crippled by an early attack by the random spawns in the galaxy.I reckon the difficulty for 'easy' is about right now - since a few minor patches to adjust the easy difficulty level. Great support from the development team hear. I wouldn't be put off by it being to hard.Why i like it so muchThe complexity is about right. There appears to be loads of depth across the different aspects (economy, tech, fighting, expansion, diplomacy, espionage etc.) but no single aspect is hard to understand or control.The ship battles are brilliant. They give you enough control but don’t require excessive micro-management, they are pretty and you get a good feel for what weapons and ships work, and what don’t.The ship designing is excellent and not too time consuming. I usually get put off with designing ships because it's often too tricky to make the link between what you design and seeing the effect of those designs. Not here: as stated above, you easily get a feel for what works.Furthermore, you get plenty of information about how much power, ammunition, engines (etc.) you should be adding so you can ensure you don’t deploy something that just won’t work.Diplomacy seems to work.  I can easily understand what something is 'worth' and can make effective decisions around what to trade and what not to... Again, the game provides you with the information you need.Sense of humour. The game doesn't take itself to seriously.Ground combat. I think there should be an 'auto' option (i don’t think there is one), as long term I’d want to auto fight ground combat IF it occurs frequently.  Hmm.  That sounds negative. I like the ground combat mini game, it does it's job, but it's not what I *personally* want to spend my time on.  Overall though, it's a positive inclusion.Exploration is fun! There's plenty of variety and strategic resources etc. that no game will be a like.  The strategic resources are all worth having and give noticeable bonuses.It's stable. I’ve not had any stability issues.It's not 100% perfect yet. There are a couple of minor annoyances such as not being able to see the plant population cap when viewing your planets list - its a rare case where you don't quite have all the information you need. Also, sometimes your planet will say 'starving' because it thinks it's short of 0.5 food, but actually it's not having a negative effect.I hope this review helps!"
,Recommended,252450,15528977,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,dagimpz,Space wolves hate me... Space bugs hate me.. Space bears like me and gave me titan ships to protect myself.. killed all life.
,Recommended,252450,19947737,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vortensis,Pro's: Addicting ship designer...Cons: Addicting ship designer....60 hours forgetting this was a 4x game.9/10 Best Spaceship Building Simulator
76561198034472979,Not Recommended,252450,15388867,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,JadeRuby,"I have played a lot of 4x games(Master of Orion, Master of Orion 2, Ascendency, Master of Magic, Fantasy Empires, The Civilization Games, Heroes of Might and Magic 1-5, Galactic Civilizations, Imperium Galactica II, and probably a bunch more that I don't remember right now), and the reviews for this one seem a bit more enthusiastic rather than accurate.It borrows heavily from other games but to the point where it feels derivative of them rather than being a synthesis of them. Moreover it is so blatant about it that it feels like it is flirting with the breaking the fourth wall not something I am a huge fan of.The game has a lot of potential in the ship design and strategic aspect of space and ground combat and the level of depth that it allows you to manipulate your empire.I will say that it was better than MOO III in general fun and striking a balance between allowing depth and getting carried away with it.My big gripes about the game are as follows.Technological advance doesn't yield significant upgrades until you get very very far along in the trees. I almost always had better luck researching a few basic (tier one or two technologies), the pumping everything into producion ships and troops and conquering the galaxy without ever doing more than cursory reasearch.The AI literally cheats on basic settings, I have tested rich homeworlds on small maps with optimized industrial output and the AI will invariably massively outcolonize me and outproduce me (in terms of fleet and fleet size) very quickly in the early game. You can still win by being clever or cheesy in your builds, but the fact that it literally plays by a different set of rules on default settings really really bothers me.The technologies are poorly balanced to create a stable empire. The game forces you specialize each of your planets because of prohibitive maintanence costs (making one planet that has all upgrades and buildings your empire is capable of will put a big dent in your wallet). Basically I find myself skipping almost all of my unlocked buildings on most colonies just because of what it costs to maintain them. The way various technolgies interact and overlap with each other just makes a lot of them feel useless or redundant or only of use on a very small proportion of your colonies.I do think the game has a whole lot of potential and with some patches or balance changes could be more fun. Essentially my complaint it that it forces you to play in one of a few very specific ways if you want to avoid getting wiping out quickly on default difficulty. It felt more like how well can I implement this strategy which I know will be the only viable one for this map/race selection rather than what type of empire would I like to build this time. It feels like the game has mechanics for amazing strategies and fun but makes it impossible for you to implement them before you have already taken control of the map.Bottom Line I just didn't have fun playing it."
,Recommended,252450,15606620,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Shard Obsidia,"I bought Stardrive 2 with a 33% discount since I own Stardrive 1. I don't mind dropping 20 bucks on a game I'll play for 20+ hours. Stardrive 2 is a game I'm enjoying more than some of the other stuff out there. Even the ""tacked on"" ground combat isn't as bad as everybody is saying it is. Overall, I like the game.If you can't afford or want to pay for this kind of game because you hate the dev or whatever, then don't, or wait for a Steam sale. Or, if you're like me and don't really care to light the torches and grab a pitchfork because a dev moved on from his former project, buy it for what it is: a decent single player 4X space game with tactical ground combat elements.Pros+ Ship customization is awesome+ Ship combat is interactive RTS unlike other games where you just watch the results (Gal Civ II)+ You can't research everything, so you need to make strategic choices in the best research options+ You can acquire tech that you can't research through trade, racial traits, or assimilating planets.+ Cool events and side quests+ Races are varied and interesting+ Other subtle nuances in game that show care and thought went into it+ The price is definitely worth it. I could easily see myself putting well over 100 hours into this game over time.+ Replayability+ Steam workshop (future mods!)+ Music (I just like it)+ Tutorial is well doneCons- Some useful shortcuts are lacking, such as the ability to set fleet engagement ranges, instead, you have to set the optimal engagement range for each and every ship.- Damage to specific systems and the effects of such are not shown, rather it shows colored damage to ship sections instead, leaving you guessing as to what is or is not working in that section of the ship.- Ground combat feels incomplete, but I'm glad its there rather than not. Hopefully, future patches will improve it.- Cannot customize fighters beyond simply researching tech and having them auto upgraded- The community (Many people are griping about Stardrive 1 being abandoned too early.)Overall, I give Stardrive 2 a 7.5 out of 10, and I expect it will likely improve over time with modding and content patches or DLC."
,Recommended,252450,19074888,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,airbat,"Pretty good game overall. Somewhere in the middle between GalCiv (strategic, planet management), Sword of the Stars (combat depth with some physics) and MoO (ship design and management on MoO2 level). All in all, I'd say - It is very fun. Has a lot of small, nice events that add up to the general gameplay too. Tactical combat is interesting enough with ship design being amazingly fun.That said, it has a little bit more bugs than you'd expect, and of a sort you'd not expect. Most notably:- Fast fleets tend to overshoot their destinations - and then try to get back and overshoot again. This circus can for last a few turns if you're unlucky.- You can't enter the purple wormhole right after researching it. Need to wait for a new one to spawn. And then to not overshoot it ;-)- Very rarely, but sometimes you control the wrong ground force during ground combat.- Very rarely, (happened to me only in corvette-only fights) forces refuse to engage and you do not seem to have control over any of the ships.- Leaders appear so rarely that it's entirely possible to have a complete playthrough without ever encountering one- A lot of the weapons are not really much of an improvement over their predecessors - effective dps seems similar.- Auto resolving battles kills ships that would have not a single chance in hell of dying had the battle actually taken place.I would also be happy with a bit more documentation on weapons while placing them in the shipyard. It's not trivial to remember at first which weapon is 'beam', which a 'particle beam' etc, and if installing, say, a particle capacitor makes sense for one.The game's also a bit too easy. I have not lost a single game ever - even the new brutal modes seem to only give the AI more resources, but don't really make it any scarier. I think you can safely ignore any difficulty below 'hard' even on your first playthrough.All that aside - I would recommend to friends. Which I am hereby doing. Cheers!"
76561198029743753,Recommended,252450,15285323,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,StarFishon,"great game, style SOTS, TBS empire management with RTS combat, rich research and more.."
76561198026579147,Recommended,252450,15313668,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,white69tiger,"this game is great  but they need to fix the diffaculty .....easy is no where near  easy@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i even tryed to do a huge map with 1 enemy was working great untill i made a non aggreasion agreement with them then game froze, most likly due to them bing the only enemy."
76561197972445514,Recommended,252450,15314524,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Hellbishop,Pretty awesome to hear this starship and empire building game was created solely or mainly by one person. The quality is AAA all the way from the excellent animated cut scenes and incredible still art to the intensely helpful professionally voiced tutorial to the gameplay mechanics everything radiates superb polish.Ship building is very exciting as one tries to see what is the best design for the job you intend to do. It is a major high creating a ship and seeing its purpose fulfilled exceptionally whether its for combat or colonizing or to transport workers and troops to another planet. There are also supply lines one has to keep open by avoiding enemy blockades as you will need supply lines to keep your ships fueled for the long trek into enemy territory to destroy their main empire planet.Combat is tense and alot of fun as i was maneuvering my ships to avoid enemy fire while getting in the best position to do the most damage while being able to pause at any time to revaluate the situation. Winning commendations after a battle also gave a added sense of satisfaction after a victory over raiders or another empire.Races are varied and interesting from the honorable shogun like bear race to the violent pyschotic wolf race. There are also space pirates to contend with which will harass your territories until you deal with them.There is a vast research tree which allows for the discovery of many new advances from ships to making life easier for your planetary populations such as increased population breeding and stronger lighter metals for ships along with better handling power plants to keep energy weapons going along with many other discoveries just waiting to be researched.Music and sound effects  have a excellent science fiction vibe creating moments of peaceful stellar harmony as you view the vastness of the space map or watch the humorous galactic news feeds. Many a focused moment i have found myself suddenly in a relaxed mental state taking in all the audio goodness with hypnotic futuristic music by the legendary likes of Isao Tomita. This combined with the soothing visuals made me feel i was back playing MASTER OF ORION 2 but with modern enhancement making for a smooth user interface experiance with excellent tool tips popping up revealing information on every single big and little thing happening on the screen. I definitely appreciate this and it has made my enjoyment of StarDrive 2 a much more richer experiance.StarDrive 2 a spectacular over the top intricate yet easy to get into masterpiece thanks to its incredible interface of star ship combat and empire conquest where galactic catastrophies will leave you smiling in awe as empires rise and fall.
76561198014941073,Not Recommended,252450,15288924,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rowlurorowf,"Have only played for a few hours thus far.  Really like the design and concept, but the UI is clunky, there's no key mapping, and cant save Ship Designs, which is a BIG part of this game.  Shipyard itself is generally buggy, the UI keeps shifting and sections keep overlapping other sections, plus it's really slow to respond.  Will continue playing to see if issues resolve for now, but disappointed in interactive execution.Edit - reload did solve the Shipyard problem (for now).  However, when running into alien races framerate drops dramatically.  The animation seems to really slow down the game.  Ground battles can experience the same issues - when selecting units the game freezes for a few seconds.Oh yeah, and what's with the 0 Food production on just about EVERY planet.  Out of over a dozen habitable planets, I've found a whole whopping TWO that allow any kind of food production (and both of those were minimal at only .5/farmer).  This wouldn't be so bad if your colony ships allowed more than 1 population on them, but NO customization for Frieghters and Colony ships means they aren't capable of increased capacity or armament.  Hell, you can't even control Freighters, so if you have a distant planet you want to settle, you can't accompany your Colony ship with a Foof Freighter so your people dont starve before you get some food there in the only way possible allowed by the poorly designed game mechanics.Based on this HIGH dependancy on food transport between colonies, there are some obvious racial benefit choices when starting a new game."
76561198028129239,Recommended,252450,20759914,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,gamorejon,"If you liked MOO2, you will probably like this game. It may be because I'm running OSX, but I haven't experienced most of the bugs people are complaining about. The few that I have seen were fixed with a few mintues of googling."
,Recommended,252450,20862708,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lightning Warrior,"This is an amazing 4x strategy game. The races are cool and unique, the choose one tech from three research system is intuitive and the ship design works very well. The space battle strategy is complex and deep. Overall this is one of the best 4 x games on steam if not the best. Unortunetly although the game is deep and offers hundreds of hours of fun it is held back by it's lack of a peaceful victory. Luckily the new Sector Zero DLC remedies that problem by adding 3 new ways to win and makes the main game even better. This game is a blast and if you enjoy the DLC is actually worth it and not a cashgrab like most DLC i. Whether or not you get the DLC I recommend this awesome game."
76561198054120040,Recommended,252450,21808149,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Helpful Bot,"I'll edit this later. The dev pours time into the game and it keeps getting better, thank you."
76561198059620828,Recommended,252450,19341149,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gryphon,"After having seen the troubles surrounding Stardrive I & II, I was still curious and picked up Stardrive II on sale.Long story short: don't let a lot of acid and bile on the forums stop you from trying this. The series has a troubled history, but denying yourself is only punishing you. I don't know what really happened, but people get REALLY pi**ed off on internet forums - we know this - you'd think they spent their life-savings, their left hand and a firstborn child on it or something, rather than a handfull of quid (I picked it up for a little under seven).Its not perfect, but it has all the solid staples of a good 4X, is very pretty in parts and has some unique selling points of its own - the ship designing is fun and effective for example, and the turn system is different.It *is* a bit too obvious what television programmes the developer likes to watch though... Gold-pressed Latinum? MalFillion? Breaks the fourth wall a little."
,Not Recommended,252450,21754384,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Contralto,"Game released nearly a year ago and is still buggy as hell.  Ships requiring fuel, that I can understand, but not why they are hanging out orbiting my Core planet with an empty fuel tank, doing nothing.Other balance issues seemingly intended to infuriate the player, like how I cannot negotiate a trade deal because I already made an agreement not to blast them to hell.  Apparently you cannot do both, because even though all of my colonies have 100% approval rating, I am only able to do 70 'points' of approval in diplomacy.  For some reason you are also limited in which technologies you research unless you get a very expensive trait in empire customization, which gives you the equivelant of your race being able to learn plastic or rubber, but not both."
76561198030846635,Not Recommended,252450,21795482,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CuraditO,Looks like a good game but it crashes after a few turns so I'm unable to play it.
76561198013414036,Recommended,252450,21768143,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,boldos.cz,"Pros:- MOO2 Rip-off: This is better MOO2 than the original MOO2 ever was. Basically all of the orig game mechanics are there, but all of them are slightly enhanced (in the way that you think this is what is should have been in the original). Some of the mechanics seem to be new (ground/troop combat), but overall, very good design and approach for those players, who strive for a new and deep MOO-type-of-4X-game.- Very good overall graphics/sound design: Light, but effective, pleasing one's eyes. Some menus are very well organized so e.g. the empire management is thus very effective, even with lots of colonies.- Very good ship designing: Create multi-purpose or very specialized ship designs; mix fleets in a way that fits your gaming style. In general, there is a great variance of ship's weapon and module types.- Good ship2ship combat/battles: Ship design plays a big role in combat, but certain tactics are necessary and are a definitive advantage. Still, tactics are not the core of battles, it is mainly techlogies and ship design. Ships get various medals/bonuses for certain combat achievements and retain these for life; these are also upgradeable. Battles are also very well graphically designed to please one's eyes. Thus, some battles can be quite epic.- Well designed diplomacy: You know exactly what they think about you and why and what you did good to help the relations, what you did bad to harm them. You know exactly where your current diplomatic limits with each of the races are. Spying is yet another game concept which reminds of good old MOO2, but is nicely extended, so that a player has a better control of offensive actions.- Additional in-game candy: You can build Space/refueling stations whereever you need them on the map. Exploration of space anomalies - some trigger combat, some additional research; all provide various in-game bonuses and content. Various planetary enhancements, generated randomly ad-hoc as a result of certain long-term situations (sport resorts, merchant guilds, private shipyards, ...). Space-creatures. And a dark story, affecting the whole galaxy...Cons:- Diplomacy: Despite diplomacy being very well designed and informative, it seems its purpose is not to seak diplomatic victory in this game (e.g. a concept of permanent alliances is missing). Diplomacy does not need an ovehaul, but an extension to have even more possibilities.- No SpaceStation designing: This is a ""minor"" issue; but not possible to create customized space station designs. Neverteheless, space stations use the best tech the player has available.- Groud/troop combat: Although developer put quite an effort into modelling of this concept, it is a bit dull. It has a great potential, but it feels like it does not work as originally intended. This is overhauled in DLC.- MOO2 Rip-off: This might not be ideal for players ho seek new, unorthodox approaches to 4X gaming.- Some bugs: From time to time, there are small bugs/glitches in the game, usually not gamebreaking, but sometimes quite annoying. The number of bugs went down quite a lot just before the DLC release, on the other hand, DLC release might have introduced new ones. Anyway, the (only) developer is working to fix those too.Verdict: 8/10Very good content, sometimes spoiled a bit by occasional bug. This is an excellent 4X MOO2-like space strategy game, probably the best one out there.===========Get the DLC!- More exploration / remote mining of more resources.- Nebulae- Bigger universe, more stars, epic games- Extended research tree"
76561198018141136,Recommended,252450,21776136,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dwarf-Lord Pangolin,"An awesome game in the same lineage as Master of Orion 2!The game looks fantastic, both the 3D and 2D assets. It's fun to just sit back and look at the pretty map, or watch the space battles.Except if you just sit back you may well lose. How you approach combat matters, as does ship design. If you like to get hands-on with your ships, expect to spend a fair amount of time designing them.Sound design and music are very satisfying. Everything sounds right, which goes a long way towards selling the game.Interface is informative, understated, and polished. It avoids the overly minimalist interface of Endless Legend, but doesn't distract you either.Empire management is understandable, but hasn't been dumbed down. It's very similar to MOO2.There are some bugs, but the game continues to receive updates after its release, and nothing I've run into has made me regret buying the game. I'm very excited about the new DLC, and I intend to purchase it soon. Do bear in mind that the developer is basically a single person; this isn't the product of some big studio. One advantage to that is that the developer has responded to player requests; larger galaxies were asked for, and were delivered, first in a free patch, and then even bigger ones in the DLC."
,Not Recommended,252450,20954802,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Extremist_Pain,"I do heavily enjoy this game. But I find it limited. I also find that its bugs make it unplayable. Here i am, 5 hours into a game, ive just lost 3 fleets and 2 planets. No no, dont missread, i wasnt defeated in battle. The enemy flew off the map and i was faced with a choice. let the battle play out, or end the match and sacrifice the match. I gave the first match like this 15 minutes, and no conclusion came. I am currently playing out the third match like this as i edit my review. Zero, the dev, has no intention of releasing a finished game, or even a playable game. This is just a cash grab by him. Why would i claim such? well Stardrive 1 wasnt particularly improved, but was just left as he started the project for SD2. The last patch notes Ive seen was released Nov 24, 2015. The game is on sale today for 7.49 usd. It isnt worth $2.00 usd. Fix this game Zero. I am ashamed to admit I actually thought you'd countinue to support this game."
76561198001572669,Recommended,252450,21772581,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,skumlemannen,"Awsome, just awsome;-)"
76561198011578835,Recommended,252450,21762081,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,shakespeare_101,A great game with good replayability. Awesome support!
76561198008785639,Recommended,252450,28212823,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,psychotic_egg,"The game is just ok. Nothing about it wows you. It's simplistic which makes it easy to pick up and go especially if you've ever played a single other 4x space game. The simplistic nature and ease of use makes it ideal for short burst games (4x short burst so still 2+ hours) but if you're looking for a much more in depth 4x space game I suggest Distant Worlds, which is much more advanced, and much deeper gameplay. that said I REALLY enjoyed the little side missions and random space encounters those were a nice touch that in unseen in the 4x series usually."
76561198084507636,Recommended,252450,20817189,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,eddiit,Had to write a review because I don't think the other reviews have given it a fair shake.Fantastic game made by a development team of 1. The spiritual child of MOO2. A couple bugs but far less buggy than your average Paradox Game on release. I strongly recommend that you buy and support so he can continue to improve this gem of a game.
76561198136255396,Recommended,252450,28211395,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sir Max,"Sometimes buggy, sometimes a bit messy but you know what i think it is a fantastic game especially considering Zero doing most himself. I consistently find myself choosing to play this over stellaris. 8/8 would rate to a mate."
,Recommended,252450,28725985,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rataphract,"This is a wary recommendation. I've been playing a lot of 4Xs lately, and while Stardrive 2 isn't a stellar example, it is absolutely worth one or two playthroughs. It leans heavily on MoO2's structure in ways which update the old mechanics quite well, but it doesn't quite gel together to be as compelling in the same ways.If you'e doing a grand tour of 4x space games, this is absolutely worth a stop on the tour. Maybe look elsewhere if you're looking for one and only one 4x space game to play, though."
,Not Recommended,252450,22247260,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Triumph,"As a fan of StarDrive 1 and someone who's played a fair share of 4X games I can't recommend this game to most people.  I think there are a select few 4X players who won't be turned off by the overbearing management required to win in a campaign.  I am not one.StarDrive 2 is very tedious.  There is a lot of variety in what you can do, what strategies you use or ships you build.  This game does a lot of good things, but nothing extremely well.  The RPG aspect, planet management, tech trees, diplomacy, and ship building are a positive.  Ground combat was definitely improved with the DLC.  Space combat however is its major weakness.  Both the actual battles and preparation for them, are lopsided.  It's the most frustrating aspect of the game.If you are a 4X fan, and see something in this game that makes you want give it a try, by all means do.  However, I don't think most gamers in general would enjoy StarDrive 2."
76561197970613408,Recommended,252450,15320539,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Boygor,"First impressions are very positive.  The learning curve is fairly steep initially but it's got me coming back for more.  Feels a lot like an updated Master of Orion which is no bad thing.  There are a few niggles with the UI, moving your colonists feels a little stcky but so far I'd say that this is a good game and I'm looking forwards to devoting more time to it."
,Recommended,252450,15323121,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Static,"I love the game, and you've done a number of things that I've wanted to do to similar games over the years.  First, congrats on taking the MOO2 skeleton and fleshing it out.  Took some guts, and it could have easily been a very bad move.  Second, I really dig the storyline missions and the interactions that come with them.  Good job.  Third, ship building is wonderful, and pretty fast.  A boost to what I expected (I really just want one more feature, changing the arc of fire).  Next, I love the medals for units.  And good job with the revamped ground combat system.  Finally, the small specialty random events (""Your planet is becoming very skilled at building freighters..."") is a brilliant stroke and really adds to the game (is there a way that these bonuses smack you in the face, to make it easier to see, and more difficult to lose a planet to an invasion?)A couple of things:Let us trade, steal, or develop new ship layouts!More tech, racial tech trees, and storylines.  Yeah, I realize I'm asking for addtional content.  I'm happy to pay for good DLC.Let us shift the firing arcs in our ships during the build.  Some arcs on the lateral build sectors should be able to reach fore and/or aft.Better player-side AI management of resource management.  It seems that my planets are always producing food, no matter what.  Even a simple radio box ""New population produces X by default"" would do wonders for play flow.I would love to see a ""Civ-Style"" unit advancement system upon experience boosts.  Let us choose if the unit gets an offense, defense, or other boost.  I love the system there, and I wish we had it here.  It gives units more personality, and attachment.If you miss Masters of Orion 2, get this game.  If you looked at MOO2 and said ""I just wish it had..."", get this game.  If you want a game with decent detail, but no overwhelming micromanaging, get this game."
,Not Recommended,252450,17361559,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Anrik,Full of bugs making unplayable towards the end.
76561198009404275,Recommended,252450,15311970,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Aroddo,This is Masters of Orion 2 Remastered.Well done!
,Not Recommended,252450,20431707,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,stevej018,Totally diffrent game from the first star drive; make sure you want to buy this if you liked the first
76561198032683496,Not Recommended,252450,20453358,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,abrockman,"Great game but unfinished/buggy, no plans for updating, and no workshop support for fans to make mods to fix some of these issues."
76561198226221220,Recommended,252450,15717988,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,TheFinalHunt,"Stardrive 2 is a game with A LOT of potential. If the devolper doesn't abondon it like he did Stardrive 1 then in the next couple of months it should be a great addition to the 4X genere.Good:-Very detailed ship customization-Enteirtaining space battles-Wide variety of unique and creative races-In depth race customization-Nice and easy planet managament-Beatiful graphics wise. This is a very nice looking game.Bad:-Ground combat. It is to the point where i sigh everytime it notifies me of ground combat. Way too simplistic and very boring.-Unexpected late game crashes and freezes. These are VERY annoying, but they are realtivily rare.-Diplomacy. Like ground combat it is way to simplistic and has no meaning since no matter what it seems the AI will always try to wage war.-Various minor bugs that hopefully will get fixed.-Minor races should be more indepth and you should have more interaction options with them.-More random events instead of the same ones every game. The minor races and random events add a nice atmosphere to the game and should be expanded upon.-And the worst issue.....LAG. The end game lag in battles really ruins the game. I have a pretty high end pc and the lag is terrible. I've heard rumors that the dev needs to update to unity 5 engine to utlilze more cores or something. But this is the main drawback for me and I would'nt buy the game until this is taken care of.Overall, the game is very fun but some areas are lacking (Diplomacy, minor races, random events, and Ground combat) and there are still bugs and extreme lag. Hopefully the dev updates the engine and doesnt leave like he did Stardrive 1. I really, really hope these issues are fixed because this game would be one of the best 4X's in my book.7/10."
76561198027746364,Recommended,252450,15298857,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mercneo,"Great game if your looking for a very challenging 4x space strategy, but you will restart the game 4 or 5 times atleast as the AI destroys what you thought was a great Empire. After that you start to learn how to prepare yourself for a better chance at surviving.All in all it's worth buying but maybe not at $30. I think $20 would have been a more fair price tag for what you're getting, however if your a diehard fan of this genre you won't be dissapointed."
76561198028988677,Recommended,252450,16209814,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Глубоководный,Definitely good solid 4X space game. It's now turn-based on strategic map and game now have much in common with MOO2. Game has perfect ship designer and cool tactical battles. It is buggy now but developer works hard.
76561198006545785,Recommended,252450,15323349,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Rococho Ranger,"IF you keep hearing comparisons to the Civ or Gal Civ series then ignore them, this is a very different kettle of fish.What this game really should be compared to is the Space Empires series.-Turn-based empire building-Real-time space combat-Directly controlable ground combat-Fully customisable troops and shipsStardrive two is basically an updated and much refined version of those games, and for that this game rocks.Reasons to play-The right things are automated.  You have full control, but a lot of tedius micro is done for you by the fraighter system.-The research tree presents you with hard choices, but doesn't mean you can never have the things you don't research.-The planets have several characteristics that make for more hard choices when colonising.  You might desperately need an outpost for your war, but all the planets in that system are small and toxic.  You'll hate it, but love it too.-The whole theme and charictorisation of the races is both cool and comedic.  From samuri bears in combat, to deplomacy with cathulu's kids, to plant people on little trackers and distictive ship designs.  The art style is a gem of the game.-The AI makes you work.  The AI will change its plans.  IF it sees one of your fleets out matches it, they will turn and run, wasting your time if you chase.  They will split into smaller fleets and raid you if you have one big fleet.  They will bombard worlds they can't capture.Reasons not to buy-Sudden onsent of insanity.  See you doctor.  Or of course, if you don't like 4X stratagy.There are still a few relatively minor bugs and bits that could be smoothed a little, but this is the launch version and I expect these things to be ironed out over time.I can't recommend this game enough.  The first stardrive dissappointed me a bit, but I'm glad I gave Zero a second try, and he came through a trooper!"
,Recommended,252450,15344529,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Trock_Bronze,This game has improved not only upon its previous incarnation but managed to properly do what Masters of Orion 3 wanted with its space combat. In all aspects its been improved and feels like a proper MoO3. I would absolutely reccomend this to anyone who enjoyed the old MoO games or liked the previous version of this but just found it to be 'not enough'. Hopefully more races will be added but what is there works and is filling enough.
,Recommended,252450,15408768,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Xazyre,"StarDrive 2 is just the kind of strategy that will keep you coming back for more. Every time you play you get an almost completely new experience. The research, galaxy generation, and the AI's make the game feel like there's is still so much more to the game. Not to mention the AI with the collaboration of GNN give the game charactor and purpose. It's always best in my opinion when you feel you are in the game and running a real empire.The combat for space battles in StarDrive 2 is amazing. I don't understand why some people find that this type of combat is like Total War or some other strategy game, it's completely different, and in my opinion much better. When you want to take a break from Campaign, there is always the Battle Arena which places you in the combat immediately controlling an entire fleet. Ground battles honestly could use some work. When I went into ground combat, I felt suddenly seperated from the real game and I ended up feeling bored and the gameplay felt tedious. Ground combat is still an important function of the game so I hope Zero Sum games can change things up a bit in the future.The strategy of the game overall is fantastic. I was placed in situations where I had to make difficult decisions for the good of my empire and these types of challenges are definitely what I look for in a 4X strategy game. For the sake of not revealing too much information, I will conclude by saying that Star Drive 2 was probably the best purchase I have ever made. The graphics are great, the strategy is amazing, and space combat adds an amazing twist to the experience. I recommend this game to anyone who not only enjoys strategy, but enjoy a replayable game that will provide you with with plenty of challenges. EnjoyWorth Buying? Of course!10/10 - Strongly Recommend"
,Recommended,252450,15298848,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,PhanTOMMM,"Literally the best 4x I've played in along time.The game is great, well optimised and challening.The ai is some of the best I've seen.You constantly have to design new ships to face new threats as by the time you've found a design that works the enemy have a new ship that just walks all over you!Having said that I would like to see some of the features from Stardrive 1 make a return such as controling an indidual ship or getting more ships types to play around with.Would also be great to have a galaxy with more than 100 systemsBut for any 4x fans out there you have to buy this!Think people dont always realise it is only one guy who actually develops the game.Great job Zer0!"
,Recommended,252450,15329732,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,_Wiggy,"I was a fan of the first game and this one did not disapoint. Near all of the problems that the first game had this one fixes, providing a more full experience. The game still has flaws, such as the Polution system that isn't displayed as well as some minor camera glitches, jumping around in battles, but the game itself is realy enjoyable."
,Recommended,252450,15322287,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Werit,"I'll keep this simple:  If you like MOO 1/2 or Space Empires, just buy the game.It is very polished and has great ship design/tactical combat."
76561198018962788,Recommended,252450,19888168,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Orionox,"I like the game, it's being built by a one man team so the dev might take awhile to get around to fixing some bugs, but he eventually gets there. Alot of people say that this game came out feeling unfinished to them, that there were a lot of bugs in it. I can honestly say that over 37 hours of play I've run into 1 maybe 2 bugs. None of which were game breaking in any way, I don't know maybe I'm the wierd one though. Any way this is a spiritua succesor to MoO2 and it does that well, it is a bit more focused on warfare than many other 4x's that I've seen, but the developer built a game he wanted to play and it just so happened to be war heavy. Thats not to say he Doesn't care about diplomacy because he has made strides to improve it, but it's just not his forte and he's learning and improving as time goes on.TLDR: one man team, not as many bigs as people say, dev is improving, I have fun while playing"
,Recommended,252450,15322615,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Redempter,"Great game, it feels a lot like Master of Orion 2 so if you liked that game, you'll like this one."
76561198040146156,Not Recommended,252450,22042592,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,the_nodmod,"Hi there,there was a point where I had given up on the game, yet hoping it will be improved. While lurking the forums I saw Zero takle some of the community requests and decided to give the game another chance and purchased the DLC.The reason I still can not give this game a positive review is, because it's a buggy mess. My major issue was, that some major mechanics problems and bugs haven't been fixed in the Vanilla game before throwing out the DLC.The DLC has changed the mechanics and added some new content but it's still a buggy mess. Recently I have encountered bugs that make the game unplayable and that after such a long time.Instead of making a pay for DLC for 6 months, Zero should have been fixing the game implementing player requests and ppromised things such as Workshop and Mod support.  Then release a DLC, but no, a DLC +old bugs and now even new bugs.I regret my purchase of sector Zero and can not recommend the game untill all these issues are fixed and the game actually reaches the end of it's BETA stage it is in."
76561198044269083,Not Recommended,252450,15640909,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PhillGraves,"Even with all of it's flaws and potental inprovements that never came, Star Drive 1 is 10x better than Star Drive 2. I would buy some of the mods as DLCs for one but number two was in my book just a waist of time and money on everyones part."
,Recommended,252450,15286295,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,SteffenX,"very good game and very close to moo2 with today standards, best 4x title in a while, some stuff could be more complex and going deeper, but its a nice polished round up expierence and this at the first day of release!"
76561198007217051,Recommended,252450,15288022,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Sabretooth,"WOW!.....what can i say, sequal games are most of he time crap, however, i cannot say this about stardrive 2!......it improves upon everything from the first that i hated and makes it into a real MoO feeling sequal but with enough uniqueness and brash to make its own franchise which i will most enjoyously be looking out for.a must have for any 4x space fan!!! you will NOT  be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,252450,15333960,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ellomush,I played star drive 1 and i think 2 is an upgrade in many ways. Loving the dificulty! even on easy this game is a challenge!
,Recommended,252450,15338468,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Redhotviking,"Ever enjoyed Master of Orion 2? Did you like Stardrive 1, well this is the freaking perfeksjon of 4x space sim game you can find, it beats the crap out of just about anything in the past.10 of 10"
76561198082477876,Recommended,252450,15329280,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,yumazster,"I must say that the developer has ambushed me with how much this game is better than it's infamous predecessor.I own the first Star Drive and I was mildly dissapointed (some other people were foaming at the mouth and flinging rotten fruit).Now I see that the gameplay was re-worked, getting rid of the annoying stuff from the previous game. Also, some of the better gameplay concepts from the genre were expanded in most satysfying fashion (ground combat !). Loved ship design part then, love it even more now. Space battles are very good. Research system follows MoO2 which is not a bad thing (why change perfection :) )Sure enough there are some bugs being fixed (the review is written couple of days after release mind you), some balance tweaks, but this is a good game. Unless something horrible reveals itself during the gameplay later on I wholeheartedly recommend this title to any 4X lovers.Developer (and this is one person only) seems to have learned much and started to listen to the community closely. Good work.PS. Also, owners of the first part of the game were granted 33% off,  I suspect as a form of reward for sticking with the dev and StarDrive franchise. Good move.Edit: Got 15 extra hours under the belt and with almost daily balance updates by the dev I like this game even more :)"
76561198005409275,Recommended,252450,15324492,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[WTFH] ragnar_greymane,"Update 6:The real review: the game is, as of patch 1.0d everything that has been promised.The new research-system and exclusive tree is pretty amazing, makes you think what is best for your empire, but not just now, as well as in the future. Trade and negotiation becomes essential to acquire tech, especially espionnage =3 (all you diplomacy-enthusiasts)Planet management is extremely nice, smooth and intuitive. It is some kind of known system, but it fits well in the game.Troop management and equipment adds an individual aspect that I have never experienced in a 4x game before (I played most, beginning with Space Empires IV).The turn system is pretty much the manual version, in my point of view, of the predecessors 5 sec turn instance system. With 8 AI enemies 5 turns, as for my machine, are 5 sec in sum. When needed, this system provides you with planning-possibilities you might and/or will need.To criticise, in my experience, is the 8 ships only build list. You can edit it, ok, but I do not like to manually swap the updated designs for the older ones. Stardrive 1 had the better system with actual and obsolete designs, autoupdates and (for me) never ending design list to choose from.Update: After long hours of intense gameplay, i came to a different understanding. Unique ships are worthy units. You bild them once, they remain in service till they are destroyed or dismissed. Mainline battleships are build often, destroyed often, and updated regularly. Even a humble frigate becomes the cornerstone of a fleet, advances through the system of achievements, collects experience and becomes even more valuable; even a carrier can have experienced fightersquads that are much more survivable and do a better job than freshly produced ones. This feature requires some micromanagement, but time is not a matter.Now for the games key feature: Ship designEverything matters now, not just the sum of components. You can armor them, outfit special characteristics.... Range, angles, everything matters now. Weight and other subsystem-characteristics are detailed and explained within the editor, so no more one-shot ships that need constant supply because their reactors are woefully underrated (engine rating should at least equal power consumption rate). Unfortunately, as of this build, the powergrid system (a rector only supplies power within a limited range) is lost.Damage is applied to different sectors of the ship, is one gone the ship or station is as well.I am continuing to play, have not encountered any bug within 8 hours of gaming.Till the next update!(Playing United Federation)OBSOLETE - (with bugfix link, all credit to original poster of the solution mentioned)First of all, it never started. My desktop (PC) easily fulfills all recommended requirements, but nothing happens. An error pops up and the game ends.Till that bug is removed - DO NOT BUY IT [it is a once in a thousand bug/glitch that occurs while installing, or sth like that. A link to the forum explaining the extremely simple debug - delete a folder in the games user/app.... - is provided, thanks to the guy who identified it. After that, the game runs extremely smooth!Obsolete - first day of possessing Stardrive IIUpdate: now i see the starting screen, but nothing happens. Please wait 0% for 10 minUpdate 2: still waiting for anything to happen..... 1 hour straight - waiting and nothing happens, till my steam client crashed.Update 3: reinstalled for the 4th time. Getting a random file missing file there note. Funny thing: except for microsoft windows security essentials no antivirus is running.... and I do not recieve any conflict or whatsoever info. Still hung at loading screen, but this time zerosumgames took a full minute to vanish.Update 4:looked again and someone found the solution. Testing it right nowhttp://stardrivegame.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=16&t=10997Ok: Crash!!!Update 5: after deleting everything again and again it now starts loading, I am not stuck at 0%. WellllIt seems to be working now. Starting a game for the first time."
,Recommended,252450,15329245,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Tuck Fheman,"Update 2 years later :Still loving this game! I've now played a few other 4X sci-fi games and the ship building and battles are still more fun in SD2 over the others, with one exception, SoaSE:R.Endless Space 2 is however a far superior 4X sci-fi game in all other aspects outside of the battles.***Just finished 20 hours straight on this game and I love it! I'm playing on easy mode since I'm new to 4x space games. I've spent hours just creating ships, which is a blast!For those complaining about the game being too hard, even on easy, customize your setup and choose ""Creativity"" pregame, you'll be glad you did when  your ships are always better or as good as any fleet that comes your way!I'm really impressed with this game. I spent hours reading/watching reviews prior to purchasing and am very happy with my decision. I've played most all Civ games, but this game is a lot more challenging and fun. The battles are something to look forward to, especially when you have a new weapon tech that you've added to your fleet and you want to test it out.I agree that the GNN (which can be turned off in options) and ground war text scrolling is way to slow and that it should at least go to the end of the current sentence instead of skipping to the next, but that's about the only gripe I have."
76561198007901880,Recommended,252450,16514591,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SunGod,"StarDrive 2 is basically Master Of Orion 2 (MOO2), one of the best space conquest games of all time. It does a very good job in helping you relive those glory days before the marketdroids at the game companies came up with the stupid term ""4X"".Anyway, StarDrive 2 is NOT stupid, it's in fact a very enjoyable game. However, where MOO2 fell short - diplomacy - is where I find SD2 to have a similar weakness. Just like in MOO2, there's always one or two races out in the galaxy that are hellbent for war, and really just don't care what you think, and they're going to build up a huge fleet and come dig up your entire planet's lawn and pave it with concrete - after they burn down your entire civilization and erase all memory of it from the collective universal consciousness, of course. An alien's gotta' have his priorities, ya' know!That said, if you loved MOO2 despite it's flaws, you'll like SD2. It's worth it, and just like MOO2, this game will suck away your real life time faster than the Millenium Falcon doing the Kessel Run.7/10 parsecs."
76561198006922502,Recommended,252450,15288251,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,gmmerrick,"Disclaimer, I am only 5 or 6 hours into the game.Wow, I was not following this game but i happened upon someone's let's play on youtube and here it was. This is a very well done remake/remaster of Master of Orion 2. Most elements are similer but very few are out right the same, and in every case i have seen they surpass the original. The fact it was mostly made by one person should shame AAA companies who have tried and failed with this genre for decades.Well done sir, you will go far.P.S. I normally do not buy new releases but wait for the price drop. No need here, support this man and maybe he will grace us with another gem."
76561197985410756,Recommended,252450,15496757,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ikiro,"It's been a long time since a game has made me say ""Just one more turn so I can finish this research and then I'll go to bed"" and the next thing I know it's 5:00 AM. The learning curve was really frustrating at launch, but the dev has already made a lot of changes to soften the blow. And now that I'm fully familiar with how different options at game creation play out, it's easy to set up whatever sort of game session I'm in the mood for.The sarcasm in this game is strong, along with plenty of 4th wall banter; I get a good laugh pretty much every time I play. My favorite feature of the game though, is the developers attitude towards modding. He seems to me to mainly hoping to provide the community with a new and powerful engine to develope their conversions on Workshop and I am super excited for the possibilities."
76561198093602627,Recommended,252450,15506181,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,grandnovice,"It's has it's flaws, but so long as it keeps being worked on and the problems keep getting nixed, it could become a classic. That said I think it should of been released as a ""still in development"" title.It has it's humor and a fully well fleshed out universe. I almost wish the races had even more specialized trait settings, but that said, there are lots of traits to choose from."
76561197998083258,Recommended,252450,15691070,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,tbrsim,"This is the game for those who played Master of Orion 2 and/or Birth of the Federation ""to death"". If you have put hundreds of hours into either over the last decades, modded them and have been lurking on the boards of the differen BotFe remake community projects this is your game, especially once the total conversion Star Trek mod is ready...There are some differences to MoO2 and BotFe, but those departures are truly sound decisions that enhance the game experience. The ship design functionality is awesome.Contrary to what you may read from the many trolls and haters griefing about StarDrive 1 this one-man-developer obviously deeply cares about the games he creates. This is a man who has the education and CV to earn significantly more money in his original job and gave that up to follow the dream of making his own game(s). I kinda envy him for that courage. StarDrive 1 could not be further developed because Microsoft ended support for the still flawed engine it was based on. StarDrive 2 is different with the departure from realtime but IMO more true to the original vision and a great advance on Stardrive 1.This game was released as  a fully functional version more mature than too many AAA titles and the developer has been quick with updates containing bugfixes, game mechanism adjustments etc. based on customer feedback. I believe he did not sleep for the first few days as the patches would closely follow each other within just a few hours. Compare that to the actions of AAA publishers and developers where you have to wait for months to get obvious, and obviously simple, bugs fixed...Currently the tempo of patches has abated a bit but the next announced patch will be a major improvement with great enhancement of the AI, more game setup options and further bugfixes. This is the kind of patch we need to wait more than half a year for with Total War games."
76561198010988118,Recommended,252450,15340905,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sengira_Nanaki,"Overall a very detailed 4x game with tons customization and depth. Each class has a different feel and storyline, with the varied look of the ships creates an excitement to try them all. When building your own ships you have TONS of options and a variety of components to truly build the ship you want. Highly recommend if you enjoy games such as Rimworld, X-com, FTL, and civilization.ProsDepthCustomizationunique story for each raceSolid graphics (however not shiny)good performanceConsLimited voice actingLacking tutorial (gives you basics but still leaves you asking questions)"
76561198013020221,Recommended,252450,15573864,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kjas,So far it seems like Moo2 with Total War style real time combat. Whats not to like?
76561198035000601,Recommended,252450,15450432,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Yodazor,Probably the best 4X game ever created IMO.
,Not Recommended,252450,15368560,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,|TG| Vitamin187,"The game is fun, but until they fix the issue with the diplomacy with other factions, I would not recommend this game at this time.  I have high rep with one of the factions, and they wanted me to give them fighter bay research and i would get nothing in return even when I try to ask for a research for an even exchange, and the faction goes to war over it??  The factions act like bullies and are just looking for an excuse to attack you for no reason.  I never had an issue like that with other games where if I decline them a research project, they would flat out attack me over it.  It is more along the lines of if I am pushing on their boundaries or if I go into their territory with an army then I get declare war.  If you decline them money, trade routes, or research, they attack you."
76561198021931977,Recommended,252450,15421539,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,timoschoefer,"That's the most exiting turn based  space strategy game which i have played for a long time. There is still some room for improvments but it seems the pogrammers working instantly on it. This game is so close to Master of Orion 2 as a game can possibly be. Forget galactic civilizations and all the other titles they are not even close to Stardrive 2. i hope the they will integrate some multiplayer maybe at least with an add-on, than this game will probably on the throne for 4x tbs space strategie games for some years .PS: some people mentioned that this game is too hard also on easy-level. I'have played it on ""normal"" at it seems not to hard.. I for myself like to have a challanging non cheating AI...a victory feels much better when it was hard fight"
,Recommended,252450,15572551,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,blogsg1,"This game is now awesome. since the last update it's fixed my previous issue and i have delete my previous negative review (was trying to edit it but steam was being steam and it wouldn't let me save my re edited review).so deplomacy was my main problem, the fact that i couldn't make a deal with the race that was invading me because my race wouldn't let me make the deal to save my homeworld. so i was doomed by my own race. which made deplomacy pretty pointless. since last update i am now able to any deal at a cost of approval and happiness of my race.In my current game......my empire was expanding and i had a dispute with a neighbouring race(i forget their name the eye thing) over a planet they said was theirs. They asked me to hand it over, i was like no ♥♥♥♥ you it my planet i colonised it its mine. Their responce was a evil invading fleet. so i sped up my fleet production and sent a fleet of ships to attack this evil invading fleet. By the time my fleet arrived they had taken my planet and a awesome real time battle ensued. i wiped out their fleet in a spectacular battle. i then recolonised my previously own planets, they sent another fleet. i wiped the floor with them again. it was awesome then the deplomacy window popped up they were begging for peace and friendship, as we were good friends before i forgave them, but next time they betray me i will wipe them out.prosDecent graphicseasy to use UISpace bearsturn based fleet movementReal time space battlesPlanet managementbuild your own shipsDeveloper that updates and fixes according to community feedback.Clever AIHuge improvement over Stardrive 1 (not that i didn't like stardrive 1 because i did)consGround battles are turn based would be awesome if they were real time.over all pretty awesome game as good as any AAA game if not better, it's like total war in space. I'm a huge total war fan although Rome 2 was a bit Naff. If your tired of creative assemblys ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugged releases and fancy a change in setting give this one a go. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
76561197970473908,Recommended,252450,15487328,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Holmium,Good game. Steep initial learning curve as with most 4X games but doesnt take long to figure out what is going on. Good graphics and lots of fun!
76561198140681915,Recommended,252450,15629771,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Klossk,"This game is nothing short of amazing, it is made by a small indie team (or is it just zero? i'm not sure) but it is just as good as other triple a 4x games.The short answer:my tactical sense is that of a large rockwar owlsmachine gun dinosaursuplifting elephants10/10The long answer:The Good: there are 9 races with unique traits and you can make your own custom race traits. The empire management is simple and easy to learn. The ship combat is a simple order you ships to attack this target or move here, BUT each ship takes damage to a certain part, front back left or right and once all the modules are destroyed, they can attack the core. Destroying the core destroys the ship. So you can maneuver your ships so that they last longer. The ship desgining is easily the most fun part of the game, you drag modules onto a layout of a hull and the positioning can change the part of the ship the shield will protect, the firing arc and more. There are also cool events that can happen, such as an infested ship or finding a planet of dragon people.The Bad: the only victory is to exterminate all the other empires, and the AI acts like they know this. Diplomacy is tough, as the AI tends to ask you for your stuff and threaten war otherwise. Some of the races hull designs are certainly better than others, as the Kulrathi and Opteris Hive seem to have larger ships than the other races. Ground combat is kind of clunky and slow, and I find myself autoing the invasion, even if it makes me lose troops. The Mac version also crashes quite a bit, but it is getting less and less common.BUY this game!"
76561198009625167,Recommended,252450,19514568,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,yazah,"Two things to note:1. This game has an excellent framework, but is missing some of the ""flesh"" to make it an completely awesome game.2. The developer seems to be somewhat actively updating the game to add those (many) missing elements.Even so, I've put in quite a number of enjoyable hours and feel it was worth the purchase (though I did get it on sale)."
,Recommended,252450,15288563,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,spleendamage,"Excellent space 4x with modern graphics, good UI, and familiar mechanics for colony and fleet management. It's comfort food for those of who grew up with Master of Orion. This is the true MOO2 successor. In some cases, it's maybe a bit too much a MOO2 clone, but I'll admit... that's not much of a complaint. I never played the original Stardrive, but I'll be playing this one quite a bit."
76561198014930332,Recommended,252450,15412217,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,[AI-BE] Zoroastra,"It's the best space strategy since Endless Space.Nicely customizable ships with vastly different abilities and even some interesting tactical ground combat.Game reliability has increased significantly since Stardrive 1 (I haven't even crashed once yet) and the semi-turn-based system does wonders for both late-game performance and an easier overview of your empire.There are still a couple of balancing issues where certain weaponry is more powerful than it should be and the different hull sizes give certain races an advantage, but I do believe those things can be balanced given time.All things considered, if you liked Stardrive 1 and it's potential - you'll love stardrive 2."
76561198008582160,Recommended,252450,15348164,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TheMetalfreak360,"Really like it, it has some issues when it comes to the AI and diplomacy in my view, the fact that a race tries to get as many techs out of you as possible and then declare war on you just because you took 2 planets in your own influence zone is weird, there is no point in dealing with diplomacy.The AI is way to aggresive, and there is no other options then waging war on eachother, hoped for more diplomacy options like alliance would be nice. If you are in the middle and gets sorrounded by enemies then you are more or less screwed.The good point is the combat, really fun. When a faction delcares war on you, there is this arms race that is a load of fun, atleast for me. Gets destroyed by rockets one battle, and then refit your new fleet with anti-missile defences, and wreck them. Small things like that really makes the game really fun. But I get the feeling that the AI don't change much, after refitting my fleet with anti missile defences, they still used them, which is kinda weird, especially after like 8 big battles.And the customization of the races is fun, but it feels lacking at some parts.I would recommend this if you are a really big fan of Sci-fi strategy games, but at the same time, I would not recommend this over games like Sins of a Solar Empire Rebellion though."
76561198055160277,Recommended,252450,19562097,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,mattc83,I liked it. i just wish it was harder to have your technologies stollen and to steal others tech
76561198179653771,Not Recommended,252450,30197525,Posted: 26 February,all,Dazzle,Terrible UI which hard to get started... The most disapointing thing is that the game crashed itself...
,Not Recommended,252450,21544423,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Hippo ♫,"The developers forgot to add fun to the game, if you want a 4X space sim try GalCiv 3 or Sins of a Solar Empire."
76561198024739811,Recommended,252450,15296240,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SadPanda,"one of the funniest, in-deph, 4X space stategy games i've played.. if not the best!"
76561198013358592,Recommended,252450,15325614,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ÚberMackyt,"There are a lot of negative reviews of this game that based solely on the fact that it's 'rock solid' and 'unforgiving'.IT'S A 4X. WHAT DID YOU EXPECT?!Seriously though, this game is wicked. It's a vast improvement over its predocessor.What I love the most about this game is that the developers have taken StarDrive (1) and gone back to the drawing board with it; keeping in the awesome and cutting out the naff.My number one hope was that they would keep in the awesome races, MoO ship customisation and the battle screen. Done.What I hoped they'd take out was the Gal Civ-esque 'real-time turn-based' time progression - which was both infuriating and rubbish. Done.The new focus on diplomacy and the ad-hoc intergalactic economy that it creates is really cool. I love that making friends with the AI is not just a pointless sideshow. If you don't play nice with them, you can't trade for those sweet sweet techs that you didn't pick in the new research tree (which is great as well) and your holla dolla generation just tanks if you stay isolationist.That being said, the AI can 'play nice', but it's my experience that it comes down to what race you're trying to suck up to. If the race is hellbent on galactic domination and keep on asking you for tribute and gifts... OF COURSE THEY'RE GOING TO END UP INVADING YOU.I have had a couple of freezes on the loading screen, but honestly - it was twice in 15h of playtime, which is a damn-sight better than some games on release.I love that this game isn't an 'early access' title too. It's something that really put me off of StarDrive (1) which ended up with me only putting a few hours because of how buggy it was.I wholeheartedly look forward to where the devs take this game. I'll happily pay for any expansion they come out with."
76561197969421234,Recommended,252450,15295203,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,FurballHero,"As a veteran of Imperium galactic series, Galactic Civ, and SD1 as well as a few others I have to say StarDrive 2 holds its head up high among its piers.the gameplay is fresh yet familiar. I have to admit I was leery of the new turn based system but in the scheme of things it makes sense and it's a welcomed addition.Currently I've restarted the campaign 3 times as I wrap my head around some of the new mechanics and because my poor human civilization was blasted to death by alien scum - which means either I'm terrible at this game or it's hard, which is awesome!.The graphics are beautiful, especially the way space combat looks, the planets are all awesome looking as well, the new hex system and fresh.The mechanics of researching and building your fleet is pretty much the same as SD1, which is a good thing.Space combat is enjoyable and satisfying, nice big explosions and a slow motion mode too! One gripe I have in space combat is that weapons don't lead targets, they aim at where the target was, not at its expected position. Missiles don't turn to intercept targets instead they make weird turns trying to catch up to it... it all feels very unnatural and I hope it's addressed in a patch.When it comes to planet colonization, the variety of planets is massive making the whole experience of picking and choosing where you want to focus the new seeds of your civilization as engaging as it is important.I like the way they've handled the freighters. Moving food and colonists around really saves us from a lot of the needless planetary micro from SD1. However freighters are not controllable, combine that with the smaller fleet caps and it makes it difficult to protect freighters when your main fleet is off attacking or exploring, they will literally fly directly at an enemy and suicide themselves. We should be able to control freighters, either directly or give us the ability to force them to dock at the nearest planet until the enemy fleet is taken care of.Fleet Caps: I really don't see the point of fleet caps. Since each ship has an upkeep cost which in itself is the fleet cap, to compound that with an additional cap to me seems redundant. I like the idea of the fleet cap but instead of having it give you a monetary penalty, it might be more interesting if it gave you a penalty to ships rearm and repair rate, maybe even a damage dealing reduction to ships. Reasoning being they just aren't receiving the maintenance they should.Ground combat. The research and upgrades aspect of it is well thought out and implemented however the actual ground combat is meek, it needs a re-tune. If it would have followed in the footsteps of Fallout 2 or X-COM it would have been amazing! But currently, weapons have a hard limit of minimum and maximum ranges,Covert Ops: Works similar to the first one, but different enough to be fresh, that being said I think it needs a re-tune. I have 5 spy's doing counter espionage which is the max and I'm still getting tech stolen from me every few turns, which is really quite frustrating. Perhaps remove the spy caps for home defense?Spatial anomalies, these are quite fun and new, really enjoying them so far and is a very welcomed addition.Interface: interface is well designed, lots of tooltips and the information is easy to understand and readily available in most circumstances. A few gripes I have, on the planetary screen, when cycling from planet to planet via the arrows - every time you click to go to a different planet, the arrows location move to a slightly different spot, making cycling planets in this way annoying, and dizzying. If a fleet is hovering over a planet, the planet under the fleet becomes un clickable, there's also a few other minor annoyances that needs that little bit extra polish.Overall, StarDrive2 is an engaging experience and I will surely play many more hours of it as I attempt to conquer the universe however as much as I like it, it's not quite there yet. everything seems 70-80%. It just needs one more good thick coat of polish to make this game really shine"
76561197971025708,Recommended,252450,15295731,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Wes,First off this game is difficult.  I think it could use some scaling back on how challenging it is right out of the gate. There have been some minor changes to the ship design that are a tiny bit irritating (like that you can't dictate your firing arcs of your weapons other than upgrade the arcs to be larger) .  The ground combat can be clunky at times.Now having said that:  The game is a BLAST to play. I’m having so much fun with it.  There are a TON of scifi references to discover. The ship combat while still not 'perfect' is organic and you can win or lose a battle based on some micro managing tactics.  (which is nice) .  I'm having a ton of fun and have mitigated some of the difficulties by playing on easy mode and reducing the galactic threats.Anyone who enjoys Space 4x games should enjoy this.Challenging but fun.Added:  The game isn't really difficult persay.  It just has some wonky pacing that one some play thrus will pit you against (non AI ) random opponents that most games wouldn't have you encountering until mid or late game.
76561197999714767,Not Recommended,252450,21791371,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[OT]Lemdul81,If you enjoy epic space battles that will drop your fps down to a halt or simplistic technology advancment bordering on the mindless this is the game for you.  The developer did much better in the first stardrive and it was sad to see how many steps backwards were made with this one.
76561198006447644,Recommended,252450,21796237,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,devin.bass,"This is a very good game, I must admit I only have about 6-7 hours in it, but everything I have seen so far tells me it is an excellent 4X.  I own a lot of games (too many) so I know a good game when I see one.  I think it captures what it is trying to achieve, a excellent combat model.  Yes, if you want to to win using other methods then there might be better options out there (although this is still pretty good in those areas since Sector Zero) but if you want to expand and exterminate there is  none finer.  I love the new map, reminds me of Endless Legend maps.  With Sector Zero he spiced up the galaxy map making them more interesting to explore, the rewards is finding valuable goodies to enhance your empire.Yes, there are some bugs with Sector Zero,  but to Zero's credit he  has been releasing patches like crazy.  And that is my final point, I think Zero is comitted to this title so I think the long term support will be there.Great game, well worth the price and Sector Zero enchances the game greatly."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,252450,15302420,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Razter,"Crazy hard AI's (even on easy)Buggy as hellUseless diplomacyAlmost no game manual or instructionsBad cameraGround combat is a (bad) jokeetc, etcMany others have pointed out the flaws in the game so no need for me to repeat what they've already said.This game feels like an early access. I can't believe this is supposed to be full release.Shameful."
76561198006447833,Recommended,252450,15298827,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Christopher Munoz,"Alot of hardcore and fanboys of the series. No idea of what they talking about. So if you are also new to this type of game keep reading.Straight off the bat the game is worth the little money it cost.Pros:-Nice gfx-Easy ui-Plenty of Research to pick from-Plenty of ships to build with different weapons, systems and what not.Cons:-Could use more tutorials on some details (tax system, different weapon, ships and so on). But perhaps this will come in the futre...- Manual fights are damn hard.  Autoamtic fights are super easy :p  So again more tutorials perhaps on how to fight manual would be helpfull.  People complaining about difficult could have this issue.  I was facerolled but reloaded and by mistaked press auto and won without losing any ship.- AI diplomacy could use more workConclusion:still think its worth the low cost of the game. You will have good fun building up an empire and all sort of ships. But the game still needs some patches to be great,6.5/10"
76561197993445948,Recommended,252450,15317212,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,EchoTheBM,I satt down around 12Am.........now its 07:21 i I REALLY HAVE TO SLEEEP... GOD DAMN ITS GOOD
76561198006586387,Recommended,252450,15309467,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,K3ks,"As a huge Master of Orion fan, this one is a real dream come true after a very long while of not really good 4x space games (excluding the GalCiv series). Much like how Xenonauts did a great tribute to the original Xcom and reinventing it for the modern age, so does StarDrive 2 with MOO2. Its even more impressive that it was all made by one man, makes it that more impressive. So a big thumbs up to Zero :)The game could still use some polish here or there... but all in all a very solid reinvention of the space 4x genre and worth its money."
,Recommended,252450,15309514,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,CloudKilledAerith,"An amazing successor to the entire genre! I haven't had this much fun with a sci-fi strategy game in years. It's got everything it's supposed to have: Exploration, Colonization, Ship Design, Combat, Everything. At it makes sense.Great game! Great work!"
76561198021843226,Recommended,252450,15309933,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,sithlord123456789,"I've played many space 4x games alot of which i did not like but only 3 games have me playing for a bunch of hours, Space Empires V, Sword of the stars (the first one), and stardrive, and now i can happily add stardrive 2 to that list"
76561198036224730,Recommended,252450,15313038,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Otti,"I found myself playing StarDrive 1 again after a while playing StarDrive 2!I need atmosphere, so I expect that your star empire evolves from Earth, as it is in the real universe.This is at least true for the Humans of Sol, where Earth is. And in StarDrive 1 you get a pretty good image of Sol - just like it is.(Yes, I'm probably a Human fanboy!) :)The only problem is that in StarDrive 1 the planets circumnavigate the central sun (Sol) in the wrong direction.But it looks good to see it in real time, for they are all there: Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter and so on.In StarDrive 2 you have the same situation like you had in MoO2, but the battles are in real time and there is no multiplayer!Anyway, the game feels like MoO2, regarding a lot of aspects. Your home system always consists of 1 to 5 planets in random order. You'll face up to 8 different opponents and a lot of rouges! Battles take place in space, on planets and even on ships, with your away team entering! You start with a colony ship and a recon vessel. And you have to deal with research, money and ship design.I'm loving it!"
,Recommended,252450,15315351,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Gahrian,"Early review:As many of you MoO2 is the standard I still judge 4x games up against. Most of them fall short. I enjoyed SD1 - but it was incomplete.I started my first game of SD2 on normal, and it was hard! Hard in a good way! It felt awesome to have a game challenge me like this. But it didn't break me. It was hard in the right way. I'm still in my first game now 6 hours into the game and enjoying it immensely!I've played most space 4x games out there - and this is so far my favourite. Brilliant work by the developer."
76561198079580772,Recommended,252450,15317636,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Toxic,"what a game !!! a far improvment on the last stardrive,looks beautiful plays awsome zero has done a grand job !! if u want a solid 4x game then look no further"
76561198013162115,Recommended,252450,15318081,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,CannonSong,"My empire is made up of samurai space-bears, my head scientist is a hyper-intelligent elephant, the neighbors a star system over are four-eyed, green tigers, and our greatest war hero is an owl with a bandana and a railgun.Either this is the most unique setting I've seen for a 4x in a long while, or I've been doing LSD at the zoo again."
76561198008899059,Recommended,252450,15318369,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Chopup,"I think this is my 2nd review, cause i dont care about writing them. But i spend alot of money finding games I like. But this game is well worth it . Its easy to use game for even myself, as a noob gamer . It reminds me of that star wars game a while ago , the space rts . Anyway i dont even like ship building in games, cause its always to time consuming and boring . But the ship building is fun and quick and you can save your ship you build. I designed my own fleet with all 12 ships with diffrent rolls , I made 2 nuke ships for bombbarment of the planet, 5 long range missile ships , 3 mini carriers, 2 close combat roll. Mate cool game . Dont listen to theany negative comments, Who ever made the game good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Are 1 con , the land battles . I like how there played . even the land battles in ships are cool, but the planet battles just need to be like a planet map , so the 2 to 5 or 8 units just represent a army . same size map etc but just a planet map, the land battles potential... Are one more thing ,the space battles are awsome, and the turn base space map is perfect . Hate real time maps in space to much going on and then makes a game stressful and not worth playing. cool cool buy it"
,Recommended,252450,15319346,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,L4ntis,"I'm enjoying the game and i think that there is a very solid foundation to create something even more amazing with future expansions. The developer has been patching the game a lot, and in a couple of days the things that annoyed me the most have already been fixed (crazy random attacks and campaign events i'm talking about you).- The game has a very challenging AI, and for me this is a plus.- Cool Graphic.- Good UI, but could be improved.- Imho ground combat (i always skip it), seriously needs some love and is one of the worst part of the game."
,Recommended,252450,15313943,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TrapsAreGay,"Maps should be bigger, encountered a bug where I started a battle as the enemy, some ship modules look exactly the same as others and/or the image was stretched to be blurry, ground battles need more work, AI are a bit too aggressive (why do they always demand tribute?).I found myself wishing I could:- Get a notification when a colony is building nothing.- View what strategic resources do while negotiating with AI.- View the base food and production I can reap from a planet that already has farmers / workers.- Heal ground units when they're on a planet I own, you shouldn't need to research hospitals....- Control ships in battle easier. You can only use special abilities with 1 ship selected.Also the ""ammo used per second if all weapons fired at once"" can be misleading. You could have a module that uses 100 ammo but only fires once every 10 seconds. It will show 10 ammo per second, but will never actually fire if you don't have at least 100 ammo capacity. You'll have to keep this in mind when building ships.Despite all these things I found the game to be fun. Maybe it's not compared to other 4x games in it's genre but this is the only one I've played. Considering it was made by such a small team (only one person?) I can look past things. It can be hard and confusing at first, but once you understand it then it's easier. Building ships is one of my favorite parts. I look forward to this game being further updated (there was already one). At least it isn't a triple A game asking for 60-70 bucks while hardly being a game.I would recommend to wait until it's on sale or improved upon."
76561198059844850,Recommended,252450,15332802,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ScArides,"This is a game i really strongly recommend. Think of master of orion 2, and add all the new jazz modern pc games have to offer. What you get is this game, and if you liked the original moo2, you're gonna love this.Now i've read the reviews before buying this game, and in most of the negative ones people cried about the game being too hard, about the ai cheating, about them dying the instant they meet anyone. I played the original master of orion a lot, and i must say that i had no problems holding my own. Yes, the pc is overagressive if he has a larger fleet. But as others have said in ther reviews, it is usually just a load of junk. Having a few decent ships, it was no issue to shoot that junk down and have enemy sue for peace.There is one slightly irritating issue, although it's hardly keeping me from enjoying the game. The GNN and ground missions have text written letter by letter. I assume it's because my pc isn't top-notch anymore, but it takes ages for the text to appear, much slower than my reading speed anyway. And after a click it's gone. Now what i've seen in other games that used this letter-by-letter style is to use the first click to complete the text, and second click to move on. This avoids frustration in fast readers / slow pc owners.In any case, if you liked the master of orion series and the original star drive, this is the perfect blend. Highly recommended.EDIT:After playing all the way through a game twice, I find it really worth the money. However there *is* one issue with planet management I see in late game - there are just too many structures I want to *build on each new planet*. Right now I avoid colonizing additional planets just because it would bring low benefit for much clicking - which is a wrong choice strategically.A very nice solution I've seen in one of the fan-made old civ games is - *templates*. Imagine there are cca 4-5 templates defined (template 1, template 2, T3, T4, T5) and *the player choses what this template will build*. After that a planet can be assigned to 'build' ""template 1"" and will start filling it's queue with stuff that is in template 1's queue.Now the obvious advantage of this approach over ministers is that player has complete control over what his planets are building, while *saving tons of clicking*. Plus when a new building is unlocked, there's nothing easier to add it to template 1 and have all planets using it build it.Example of this template approach can be found in an old fan civ game ""C-Evo""->menu->macro management->city types."
,Recommended,252450,18182875,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Clasbyte,"From all of the X4 games out there, this is the closest we probaly ever get to a modernized Master of Orion 2.There ist still stuff missing like, Governers or the ability to have an AI as an ally but its close so close.Some work on the ground combat and how you make/get ground groups is also needed but besides that is SD2 really close to MOO2.And it is the only 4X till today that i know of that has like MOO2 and open end tech tree."
,Recommended,252450,15313046,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kellas Meras,I am and will always be a great fan of Master of Orion 2. It was my first CD game and I treasured it and spent days playing it. I have seen many iterations of developers trying to recreate what made it special. Though this game is not identical it certainly is very very enjoyable and I look forward to playing it :)
76561198024342207,Recommended,252450,22113666,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,timfbender,"Great game, with potential to be amazing.Captures much of what made MOO2 amazing, while adding a great deal of charm into the world (the dialogue from the leaders and such). Combat is real time, cinematic like BOTF but with more strategy.Main thing holding it back from truly replacing MOO2 as the king of 4x space is the remaining bugs. This is also the source of a great many of the negative reviews here--many people feel that a DLC expansion should not have gone through until bugs were fixed.But hey, the creator seems really active fixing the bugs that are being found. If he continues in this for the next couple of months, and really gets things as close to bug free as possible before moving on to new content, then he will have achieved true greatness with this game.And he will have built a stable platform on which I will look forward to purchasing many future expansions. There is the potential here for years of worthwhile content, Crusader Kings 2 style, as long as the bugs are squashed thoroughly first.I personally decided to buy it now with a sense of optimism and hope (which I think the developer is currently proving he is worthy of). Either way, I am very much looking forward to seeing the future of this wonderful game."
,Recommended,252450,15877342,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sanic,Things in space talk to other things in space
76561197960549580,Recommended,252450,15887303,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Knapp,"I enjoy this game. I really do.However, there needs to be a big disclaimer here...As of May 18, 2015, I would NOT categorize this as a release worthy game. It still feels VERY much like an Early Access game, complete with all the bugs and unfinished features you would expect from such a title.If dealing with Early Access issues is not your thing, DO NOT BUY. At least, not until it can more properly be considered a release title. If you are good with Early Access issues, then go for it."
,Recommended,252450,31114198,Posted: 13 April,all,beermonkeybob,"So our Boy Zero is a Solo Developer with a good idea. That Idea was to rip off every 4X game ever made, get people to buy a semi finished product and then buy the DLC which is basicly the fix for the broken game. Even at this (Abandoned) stage it is still pretty much a polished Beta.So why am I recommending it?Because it is fun to play. The AI is OK, the mechanics are all in place. Yes it gets a bit repeatative towards the end, but then most 4X games do.StarDrive 1 had a thing where other Empires would just look at your empires power and surrender all control to you, which speeded up the final inevitable victory which this lacks. As was the whole game working in real time and being able to control your ships directly, which was a nice alternative to other 4X Turn based games, which was a fun, but I digress.The tactical combat in this makes up for that (When it doesn't bug out), Think Imperium Galactica's space combat.The Ground Combat is still a numbers game - Space bears Roll 20, Plant people roll 10+5 pointy stick techonolgy, like Master of Orion. But the Random Special Opperations and spy missions, Master of Magic style is a nice touch, if in need of some variation and expansion.Interactions and treaties with the AI are handled nicely too. Weighting of technologies and explaintions of what you are doing that irks them.The Graphics are basic but pretty, the UI is easy to get around and nothing that hasn't been seen before in every Sid Mayer game. If Buggy in places.Yes the galaxy is paper thin but there are the occational thing to mix it up a bit, Pirate attack, Political unrest, Vengence/Life Goal/Just plain random missions from a Hero Character. If thease were expanded on this game would be truly amazing. Think along the lines of Endless Legend, but here the stories are never fully finished.I look at other games like Polaris Sector, Stelaris and the New Master of Orion.Slightly more expensive, the Tactical combat is treated OK by some and then badly by others. The glitchy AI on a complicated idea is forgivable is it isn't game breaking. But DLC to make the game playable, this is something of a♥♥♥♥♥♥take. So even some of the bigger studios are guilty of the same crimes as Zero.So if you want to kill many hours leading your race of Space bears to colonise worlds afflicted with ""Sharknados"", ponder the best design of Space craft, before having T-Rexs with Guns stappled to thier heads break into a secret laboratory, this is the game for you.That and you are resigned to the ""Coming Soon"" Features not coming at all.I would love to see Zero properly finish a game and then release it, all the ideas fleshed out, it would probably be remarkable. As opposed to ""Meh, brought it for the cost of half dozen beers, an it kept me occupied."""
76561198003874731,Not Recommended,252450,15289639,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,AddOnArmor,"Stardrive 2 turned out nothing like Stardrive. It's fully turn based, which is a complete buzz kill for me.CONS-UI is difficult and clunky-Combat is real time, if doing all combat in a tiny circle counts (it doesn't).-The AI cheats on all difficulties and will come for you very shortly after first contact, raising impossibly large fleets within minutes of starting.-Negative trait cap - if I want to be the ugliest, dumbest, slowest reproducing race in the galaxy with a junk home world but have the best engineers, let me.-Seriously with the complete turn based system, it's horrible.PROS-Haven't found any"
76561198013632145,Recommended,252450,15321027,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,FireStorm20,"[EDIT after much more playing] While I still recommend the game and think its good, the number of imbalances ,bugs and AI problems i kept encountering later diminished a bit my enthusiasm.  While initially i would have rated it at 9/10, now it would be 7/10  waiting to see the bugs corrected, AI improved  and much better balance introduced.[SECOND EDIT] I guess i have given enough time for the patching. There were some patches, and some stuff improved, but im not happy with the outcome after all this time. I am leaving a 7/10 as my final score, solid game with problems.1- The combat and ship design remain greatly satisfying and most fun.The hulls are smaller then in SD1 but  i still had alot fo thinking and redesigning and fun. The battles feel great and look great.2- [Modified after more playing] The AI is mostly ok and will give you trouble when you are learning the game, but unfortunately it becomes to easy to fast. After 2-3 games there wasnt any challenge for me left. The biggest problem is AI  not using good ship desings,  fielding basic technolo0gy ships in mid game, that you can wipe with  much smaller fleets with 0 losses. Time will tell if  the dev will improve this,3- The game is fairly polished compared to todays standards. Yes  i ecountered few minor bugs, but nothing game stopping and even if support stopped tommorow i would be very happy to own this title.4-The galaxy is colourful and full of events.There are heroes, there are mini quests,  there are resources.5- The graphics and music are great.6- The tech tree is good , and much longer then SD1 but I still would love to have maybe 5 more stages in each branch.7-Ground combat , to which i was suspisious from the start, is actually fun most of the time, there are little stuff that allows to use some tactics. (Hoarding APs, some area and line effect weapons). In my case tough after a while i prefered to auto resolve.8-There are big unbalances in the weapon tech tree, so often you are better off with older wepaons then new ones!!!!"
76561198007129378,Recommended,252450,15628033,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,daniel.pajak,"Great Game - a good successor to MOO2. In fact, I think the developer is a huge Star Trek fan due to many ""similarities"" - which is fine. Hope for a star trek mode done by some experienced modders.stability = 9/10look & feel = 10/10space battles = 9/10ground battles = 5/10 ==> one day maybe as in X-COM - the perfect mixutresystem management = 8/10additional missions = 7/10Overall 9,5/10 - if you loved MOO2you´ll enjoy this one - support the developer who did it, a great piece of work. So invest your money, it´s worth it.As a client I´m satisfied with this product."
76561197993251888,Recommended,252450,21924874,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jlew5,"The DLC made this game.It was an also-ran til then.I've played half a dozen games with the DLC and each one has been completely different, even though I've stuck as the same race throughout. Different challenges, each set up has guided different choices and the random heroes and questes ensures it stays interesting.The tech tree always offers you as range of offers to complete 1/3 of the puzzle in a particular area, with the other two thirds only gained by espionage or diplomacy. eg within research lvl 1 you can unlock a reaseach centre (+3 per scientist), universities (+5 and then +1 per scientist) or a ship module that increases reseach. Once you get one, the other two are locked down and you are into another related 1 in 3 choice in this area for lvl 2.You can also design your own ships and it doesn't require a degree in mathmatics!!!!Yes 4X, yes  deep space strategy mindf##k and yes sometimes just as you think you have dillusions of Ming the merciless you get totally creamed by a mysterious space pirate, lobsters or angry hippy crystal... but that's what makes it great (and you then to restart).If still unsure, stick it on your shortlist and pick it up in the inevitable sale."
76561198007041072,Not Recommended,252450,31350125,Posted: 24 April,all,N I C E  A E S T H E T I C,Making this turn based destroyed what made SD1 unique. Now it's just another mediocre 4x
,Not Recommended,252450,21721075,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,scotera,"I went ahead and bought it on sale even though I was hesitant because of all the reports of bugs. Alas, the bugs are bad, making it difficult to stay optimistic when, for example, you can't even unload troops from a freighter. The interface to do it is there, it just doesn't work. They are trapped in there forever.  That's just one of the gaping holes that became apparant in a very short ammount of time playing the game."
76561198026054393,Recommended,252450,21722572,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,mikesn,Excellent x4!
76561198008355633,Recommended,252450,15286377,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,shadis11,Fantastic Job! So worth the wait. Will drop some many hours into this game!!DLC UPDATE REVIEW:Beautiful update. Lots of new goodies and Zero is EXCELLENT at watching the chat board to fix and improve the game. Double thumbs up.
76561197970377012,Recommended,252450,15282409,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[LLC]3Peso,"So far, a really good second part. I already liked the first one but this part is more fun :-) Also I like the music. Good work there, too :-) *Thumbs up*"
,Recommended,252450,15282961,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Rokolith,"The level of detail in this game is great. But what's even better is that you can decide at any time how meticulous or general you want to be with running your space empire. The game looks great, sounds great and plays great. I've encountered a few bugs, but otherwise very cool game."
,Recommended,252450,15284424,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Hellios,"Feels and plays a lot like what Master of Orion 3 should have been like but with the Star Drive universe.So far, extremely impressed & pleased!"
76561198037290321,Recommended,252450,15284362,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,donkadoo,"It's perfect, everything I have waited for.I haven't played a game with so few bugs since Red Alert.And watch the feedback from Zero on the forums, he is the best develpoer there is!"
,Recommended,252450,15283938,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,pinback,"Welp, here you go.  All you people ever wanted was an upgraded MOO2 with modern graphics and UI.  Now it's here.  This is the ultimate test to see if you were serious or not.Regardless, it's incredible."
,Recommended,252450,15314566,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Roody,"First game, lasted only 30 minutes due to starvation and pirate fleet attacking my underwhelming fleet.Second game, Did better as the Vulfur (wolf guys) and started to capture planets and systems but met the humans, was promply eradicated.Third game, made a tiny map to think it would be easier to expand....I was wrong.Forth game, made a medium sized galexy and set it to 4 races, they gang banged me into a corner but I proudly held them off. Was killed later by crystals.Fifth game, started to learn the basics of the game at that point and got into the groove of it. Managed to control half the map till pirates started to attack my homeworld from the edge of the map, couldn't get there in time and soon whole race died.Eventually I'll be able to win one game but even still, I'm having a blast playing it. Sure, it may be a dumbed down version of it's first title but thats good for someone like me. I feel this game appeals to both hardcore 4X gamers and those just starting out. For me, its a must buy and sure, there may be other 4x titles out there but that doesn't mean this isn't a great game either.P.S. I know I don't have a lot of time in the game. It's due to my college work but I will be spending a lot more hours in StarDrive 2."
76561198106013105,Recommended,252450,16035901,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Galactic Origins,"Star Drive 2. Turn based strategy, real time combat. All of the original races are back along with a new race. Very good game.  There Can Be Only One! No alliances here, but you can butter up your neighbors. If they cask to trade for a really good tech, give them something lower and avoid diplomacy penalties by getting a diplomacy bonus! Trade and Non-Agression treaties can buy you time.This is a game where you need to build colony ships for each colony you want to colonize and there are three population tasks - Food, Industry and Research. You can even move population around.Food is available across the Empire - provided you have freighters (easy to build). Everything is handled by the game for your freighters. Poor planets give the same amount of money as any other, however, production suffers. Research is great! The larger your Empire the more expensive research is. There are research fields, and you only get one item from the list of three. You can trade or maybe capture the other items.Races are neat. Each is different with different traits. Racial traits for the playable race can be adjusted. This is Way Nice!Combat is pretty neat. This game does not have as many ships as Star Ruler 2, both games are very good. There is also ground combat, so bring troops!The only negative I have is that in the late game things slow down. However, the developer has stated he is working on improvement in this area. That will be good.Star Drive 2 is a really good game, it is very similar to Master of Orion 2, and I think even better. Do not listen to the negative reviews, Star Drive 2 is a very good space 4x game."
76561197991207062,Not Recommended,252450,15307621,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,spraxis,Second review and I have to for this OMGOk I know its one man mostly but Why did you take Stardrive 1 and remove all the things I liked and felt made the game stand apart from the rest.   Stardrive 2 is like 12 steps backward with 3 steps sideways.  I would not recommend this game and to the creator of this peice of poop abandon ship and FIX Stardrive 1  or  higher some help and fix this.    But the new troop combat system is an step forward so I guess its 12 steps back 3 sidways and 1 forward
76561197981539803,Recommended,252450,16363505,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bakeage,"StarDrive 2 is an excellent tribute to the classic Master of Orion II. This review is based on patched version 1.1a.A few comments:Stability and completeness: I've played this game for 40 hours. It never crashed. All features are present and complete...I assume the ""this is a beta"" reviewers were playing an earlier, unpatched version, or that I simply haven't encoutered the severe bugs they have. For comparison, every Bethesda RPG I've ever played had more and worse bugs than this game, even in GotY editions, and SD 2 is a one-man-show that cost me $30 undiscounted. It's not a beta.Space combat: emphasis in ship design is on tactics, not customizing appearance. I love this...that's why it's a MOO II tribute game. The real time combat does allow you control of targeting, movement, and some special ship abilities, but it's simple enough that you can resolve a large battle expediently...unlike MOO II. Much better tactical combat than Galciv 2 or Endless Space, with or without extensions.Ground combat: it's a simplified variant of Heroes or Age of Wonders style combat on a grid. You can customize troop loadouts, deploy shields, etc. Early in the game there are some nice ground combat missions that give you a challenge and reward early on, but once I figured out some simple tactics I found planetary invasions a bit easy: the AI is weak here. Personally I prefer the combat grid to the dice roll that is common for combat in 4x space games, especially in the early game.AI: Challenging, at least in the early game. I need more playthroughs on harder difficulty to assess this properly, but so far it's better than the really stupid AI in competing games, including Civ 5, etc. I suspect big publishers know the player wants to win, even if he's rubbish! I do think the AI needs some better ship designs in the late game.I've played the following similar games: MOO II, Galactic Civilizations 2, Endless Space, Sins of a Solar Empire. I actually bought Distant Worlds: Universe at the same time as SD 2, but opted to try SD 2 first...it's a good time for 4x gamers!"
76561197991021582,Recommended,252450,15370771,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zhen2010,Great game...still needs a few patchs of polish but otherwise very good
76561197976700970,Recommended,252450,15934482,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Webrider,"This is my favorite of all the current 4x space games in the last several years. Ship building matters.  I would add heroes, as spaceship captains you could add as items or furniture, or something like that that so you could put them on any ship you want. They could have stats that effect ships just like any other item.So far this is the best of the 4x space games. Ground combat is decent, adventure combat is decent, most other 4x just give that a quick combat nod. They have alot to work with. Hope they have a couple expansion packs."
,Recommended,252450,15935309,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Lance Namlin,Love this game!
76561197970835490,Recommended,252450,15989764,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,robblindsay,"After my negative review of Stardrive 1 I thought I'd review this to set the records straight, this game improves on SD1 in every way, every little problem I have with the first one is resolved and more:+ It's stable! Not a single crash, laggy moment or instability.+ The research system is vastly improved and adds a few features I've not seen in a 4x game, including a system that makes diplomacy and espionage very important.+ The ship varieties are nice, the game is very pleasant to look at.+ There's even a little X-com like tactical game for your ground troops+ Random events and regions of space can trigger special research projects that can help your empire+ Freighters and cargo transport has been hugely streamlined, this used to be very frustrating in SD1 having to micromanage all of your freighters.+ Good variety of planet features that give extra depth to the colonisation system including some nods to classic sci-fi.All that being said, there are some things that could have been done a little better:- The sound design suuuucks! from random 'sci-fi beeps' on the tactical map and cheesy 'pew-pew' noises in battles, the sound design could have been so much better, honestly can't remember what the music is like other than I turned it off pretty quickly.- there is a max 100 system limit. the galaxy doesn't feel particularly big, gets crowded quickly with more than 3 opponents.- A couple of balancing issues could use looking atAll in all though, this is a solid 4X game that improves greatly on it's predecessor, pleased to have bought it."
76561198013439063,Recommended,252450,15946465,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Geojak,"closest game to master of orion 2 i have seen so far. Since this game is like a remake of the all time classic I will compare the two gamesOriginally written at release, edited on release of the DLCPro:-It does have a great economic system that is heavily inspired by MoO2 and even improves the former ones.-The Space fights are Top, also the Ship desgin system-Nice Graphics-Really good strategic space map and boarder simulation (Note: got even better with recent DLC)-random events with some storyNeutral:-early random pirates can really hurt and bascilly trough the game, so u HAVE to prepare before expanding-the diplomacy has the potential to shine, but it needs some more tradeobject. like force someone to declair war to someone etc.-the UI is not as compact as MoO2, and could need some more links and detail tooltipsNegative:-Like MoO2 it still has some bugs BUT the dev is stil actively working on the game (as of 2016 still active, just released an DLC)-german langunage is partly bad translated, better play in english-you feel like with some final relatively small adjustment this could be the best 4x game ever. (with the recent DLC this is even more true)-I dont like the ground battles. (its like a streamlined XCOM). I feel sorry for the dev since u can see he invested quite some time to develop this. It just doesnt works out that good in a game focused on space (THIS IS FIXED WITH THE DLC's new ground combat system!!)Total:I enjoy the game, and I am looking forward to every patch from the dev. If you liked Master of Orion than buy this. Some points Stardrive2 does better others MoO2.As of 2016 with the recent DLC, this is the true succesor of MoO2 and the very best 4X available at the moment."
,Not Recommended,252450,15301414,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ringbearer31,"I was really hoping it would be a great 4x game like it's StarDrive, but instead it's more like a space turn based strategy."
76561197981884717,Recommended,252450,15372035,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Swaghound,"Warning: may cause ""just one more turn"" gameplay until 2AM."
,Recommended,252450,15299323,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Keffinbyrd,First off let me state that I am no expert when it comes to 4x games but so far ive been really enjoying Stardrive 2.  To me it is an improvement of the first Stardrive which i also own and have played about 118 hours and I can see myself playing this one for the same amount of time and more. It feels more like a 4x game than the first and ill be honest there are some issues for newer players that the game has a big learning curve.  The Dev is active on the forums and has released 3 updates fixing any problems and making the lower difficulties a little easier for new comers. And if you want a challenge and feel like you are great at 4X games then this is a nice little game to pick up and enjoy. i give it an 9/10
76561198006544106,Recommended,252450,15301232,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Fox,"The original Stardrive was a fun little game, and I probably spent over a hundred hours on it. But it had quite a few problems too, so I was a bit skeptical in how the sequel would be.I was however positively surprised! This game addresses nearly all my issues I had with the first title. The presentation, and game flow feels far better this time around.It does however still have a few random bugs every now and then, even if none of them game breaking it can be slightly annoying. Besides that, the game itself runs smooth, and the turn changes are near instant. The prequel had a tendency to become near unplayable at higher difficulties due to performance drops, as the enemies would clog the galaxy with endless fleet battles. I think the new instanced battle system is an improvement from the old one in that regard ( no late game lag anymore ).As for the people complaining about the AI “cheating” in some reviews – I see no proof of this, and I have no trouble personally keeping up with the AI at medium and hard difficulties ( currently halfway into a game on hard as Vulfen, with me owning 1/4th of the galaxy ) . The game however does have bit of a learning curve, and the AI is quite aggressive for some races. Expect to die a few times before you learn the ropes.  ( when to expand, what to research first, figuring out what ship designs to make etc )I for one like the AI this time around, it feels more clever than before. Although I’d guess a “Beginner” difficulty setting wouldn’t be a bad thing though, to let new players get to learn the game at a slower pace. (I might write a beginner guide sometime )I don’t really have a lot more to say. The gameplay is fun, the races varied, and the artwork is neat. If you like x4 games, and don’t mind a challenge. This is a solid indie buy and I would recommend it to my friends."
76561198066359720,Not Recommended,252450,15294225,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Communist_Toast,"I'd perfer the first to the second, it was easier to learn, more fun to play and you didn't have to load every time for a battle. The interior damage made sense rather than the system in place here as well."
76561198049391926,Recommended,252450,16010449,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kaldusar,Lost Earth and then take it back by the force of the Mass Drivers. Will liberate again 11/10.
76561198069334877,Recommended,252450,15711088,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,BrotherAdso,"So, I'm a very old gamer, but I've never written a Steam Review before.  This game needs more good reviews, so I'll make it my first.  As a veteran of every major 4x and strategy game since I played the first Civilization as a teenager, Stardrive 2 stands out as a real gem.  Major pluses:+Depth and complexity in race and game setup without endless sliders and checkboxes.  You have several meaningful choices, which can be combined in complex ways to make for a very different play experiences, but customization isn't a total swamp of minor adjustments.+The planet characteristics (Size, Type, Gravity, Mineral Abundance, Strategic Resources, Special Features) can be combined in an absolutely cool and endless number of ways to create a very unpredictable variety of planets.  This makes for great choices to make on the strategic map.+The graphics are effective and evocative, and the game text and lore have a sense of humor matching the gamestyle.  This is an unusual and really beneficial thing - too many games have beautiful art that's not so evocative, or err on the side of grim-and-serious when that is not a needed aesthetic for their other choices.+Ship design is fun, deep, and offers many ways to optimize your ships together or individually, while refit system encourages you to redesign when needed without a major gameplay penallty.+Battles are pretty, quick, and offer an appropriate level of micromanagement.  They break the turn cycle with a real-time experience, tracking individual ships with medals and such for accomplishments is also a nice touch.+Tooltips abound, meaning the complex mechanics can be explored and understood easily.+Ongoing patching seems to indicate developer involvement and dedication.+Diplomacy system uses trade, different weights for different groups and players, and a ""tolerance"" mechanic in an effective and interesting way - but see below for critiques of diplomacy.No game is perfect, though:- UI could use improvement and efficiency, with better keyboard commands and such.  This includes things like idle planet notifications.- More and more interesting random events are needed to keep the universe outside of the AI players more alive.- Some races feel less balanced than others, in the area of advantages and ship designs.  Same with weapon designs.- Total randomness of setup can create very unfun initial game conditions, or conditions where you don't realize how much better other player's starting areas were until you're already a ways into the game.- More diplomatic options and win conditions could make this feel more like a ""complete"" 4x game.  The AI's tendency to want to kill you at first sight could also be watered down a wee bit, at least for the 'not genocidal' races.This is not a complete review, just a few isolated thoughts."
,Recommended,252450,15308841,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,FishFillet,"Stardrive 2 have been a highly anticipated game for me personally this year so i eagerly sat down and started playing it the 10th.First of all it was completely different from SD1 and so there was alot more to learn, but if you know the basics of x4 games this wont be too difficult as you need to follow the basic ""explore, expand, exploit and exterminate"". Thus you will do this and the AI will do this during the whole course of the game through a wide variety of strategies with invasions and diplomacy.What i really like is that the tech tree has been improved, now i am still a little uncertain if it is for the better og worse as you only get to choose a handfull of technologies (in a normal game), but this will push you towards ""roleplaying"" or acting more with your races' traits, if you choose the trait ""creative"" however you will be able to get all the technologies except racial/experimental tech from the other races. I was a big fan of SD1 not exactly being turn based so everything happened in real time like space battles and exploration, but to compensate for that the developer gave us BATTLE ARENAS! which i for one enjoy very much and it makes for a more interesting experience though i hate that i always manage to get destroyed.What i dont like that much is mostly a few smaller problems like when i try to box-select my ships in a battle arena the mouse cursor may touch the minimap and then my view gets teleported to the other side of the arena which is annoying. I am very unsure about the ground combat, but that is my personal preference, it does however feel a little quick made in many ways; firstly it looks bad but i can always get over that fact, Secondly the player is too prone to missclick and give orders by accident, there should be some way to give the soldiers orders in a proper way (example: i tend to click and check what soldiers are equipped with so i can send my short ranged soldiers to the front, but it is too easy to give them orders so they will either shoot or walk somewhere by accident).These are tiny problems of course and i will enjoy the game to the fullest no matter, but it would be nice to see some sort of fix for this.Now i havent even touched the surface for how good this game can be, i mean the best part about it is to construct your own ships and send them into combat to see how long they survive, but it seems to me that the remnant invasion, angry crystal ships, pirates and the other empires loves to harrass the player alot. (i was so lucky to get the ""Zapp Brannigan"" leader on my first run and didnt understand why i was attacked so much). Maybe i am just a complete idiot and embarrasingly bad at constructing ships too, but i spent most of my time researching tech and turtling while being blokaded by remnant ships and pirates until the empires around me sandwitched me to kingdom come.So all in all if you are still reading, this game is very good! it is easy to understand and get into, the AI will destroy you on Normal and you must learn that Patience is a virtue, i recommend this highly, especially in the future when there probably will be alot of exciting mods to come from a great modding community."
76561197998893375,Recommended,252450,17955559,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Vollmer,"Pleasently surprised, I'd bought this game when it was on sale, but never installed it. Finally installed it with 1.1e's patch release, significant improvements over Stardrive 1 (which I'd just played a few min before jumping to SD2). Admiditly haven't dug into it very much, but My main complaints about SD1 have been fixed. Interface is slick, easy to use and the new turn mechanic and space fighting is vastly improved!Definitely worth the money, closest thing to Master of Orion II I've seen yet! also some great pop-culture references, and homages to existing Sci-Fi universes (Crystaline Entity, Crazy Eddy's cars etc etc etc)"
,Recommended,252450,15923381,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Eldritch,"If you like a good strategy game and you like to design your own units, this game is for you.  A little rough around the edges in some regards with game play, but definitely smoothing out as updates come out influenced by player feedback.  A staple in my collection."
,Recommended,252450,17954166,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,gnolvompol,"This is the first space 4X game I enjoyed since Master of Orion II.The game was clearly inspired by MoO2, with more than a few nods in its direction.Ship design and combat are awesome, random events are much more interesting and varied than MoO2. Ground combat is there, but is not this game's strongest point.I wish I had more time to sink into this (still slightly unpolished) gem."
,Recommended,252450,15286630,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Panzer,Get this game. Just do it. You will not regret. Zero is a hero!
,Not Recommended,252450,15569238,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pieter,"Stardrive 2! We added nothing new to the game and still haven't balanced it, but we put 2 after it so we could charge another $30."
76561198074152035,Recommended,252450,15993894,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,nmontgomery1001,"OK, Bought it and have played about 30 games. In a good game, my empire doesn't get squashed 20 turns in from making first contact and it reminds me of all the good parts of Masters of Orion.But the really sucky thing, is that there is a game stopping BUG (and I do't mean an alien bug) when your fleet destroys a large enemy fleet of small ship. A list of the destroyed small ship names appears on screen and doesn't go away. Effectively Game Over! This especially sucks because it happens when your empire is kicking♥♥♥♥♥ a rare event.So, overall, excluding the BUG which must be fixed, I give it 3.5 stars out of 5. And, with practice, you can learn which weapon and armor techs work best and actually kick♥♥♥♥♥ Plus NEVER sell the good war techs your enemy doesn't have, but that is just  common sense, not a problem with the game.As far as game management is concerned, their MUST be a central ground troops load out screen for the entire empire. I can't tell you how many planets I have lost because I forgot to upgrade the troops.With some more TLC and the BUG fix, this could be close to a 5 star 4X game that runs on mAC!"
,Recommended,252450,15335438,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,LittleMikey,"As an avid fan of Stardrive 1, I had high standards coming into Stardrive 2. I was surprised to find that the game had changed from a real time strategy to a turn based format, although space combat still happens in real time. The turn based format does not hamper the game flow however, and Stardrive 2 is just as fun as it's predecessor in terms of a space 4X Game.Pros:-Diplomacy system is greatly improved from SD1-Space combat is simple, but effective. Your ships will have multiple weapons and can engage multiple targets at the same time.-Ground combat is now a turn-based system, unlike SD1's ""Land troops on a planet and cross your fingers"" system.-Ship Building has been simplified but still very easy to grasp.-Unique missions and events featuring neautral factions keep the game interesting.-Interesting and diverse factions with different personalities. Factions with similar personality traits get bonuses in diplomacy.Cons:-The game can be very hard for players not familiar with the genre.-The game does not tell you if a planet is sitting idle and not constructing anything. This results in lost production so it's important you keep your build queues full.-Less ability for automation compared to SD1. For example, you cannot tell your scouts to Auto-Explore, or your ships to defend an area."
76561198119262681,Recommended,252450,16270094,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,NosamEgamar22,If you are a Star Trek  or Civ V fan you will probaly enjoy this very much. 5/5 :]
,Recommended,252450,16153924,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Maverick,"Since StarDrive 2 came out, I've spent 203 hrs on it so far. Money & time well spent! In short, game is very similar to Master of Orion 2 but heavily re-engineered in various aspects and I like it how they did it. Thank you Zero and the crew, keep up with good work and I am looking forward to your future patches. :)"
76561198186557425,Recommended,252450,15303323,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,deathbydrawing,"Excellent successor to MOO2+Great art and design, everything looks nice and spacey+Excellent atmosphere and storytelling which is missing in most games notably Endless Space etcThere are tons of funny sci fi references and the style of it all is excellent+Complex game mechanics, it takes what made MOO2 and adds several more nice features, note that the ground combat is super basic and I could have done without+ Designing ships and space battles is fun!BUT... it is a little rough around the edges.- The UI is clunky at times and can be a pain to navigate, it doesnt break the game but it makes it a pain to click on what you want to.- The game is not currently balanced very well. Specifially the AI difficulty is ramped up, the diplomacy system works well but all of the AI will inevitably demand all your stuff then declare war- The ground combat was a nice bonus but it does feel tacked on and rather simplisticThis game is very promising and quite excellent as is, i expect much of the negatives to be patched as there is nothing too serious"
76561197971804383,Recommended,252450,15298129,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gere,Great game if you like 4X space strategy games. If you liked MOO2 you should check out this game. Very polished also haven't encoutered any bugs so far after a day of playing.
76561198047178132,Recommended,252450,15439565,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,guthixleo,"Game has a few shortcomings (balance issues, AI tactics, diplomacy), many of which are minor and being patched like crazy. When I bought the game when it came out, was worth maybe $15. Now, week or so later, it is definitely worth $30. Very enjoyable game as is, needs improvement in areas, but it is improving A LOT, and will continue to improve. Zero made the mistake of not sticking with his product once, and he has learned. A good buy if you are in to 4X."
,Recommended,252450,15298035,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Avernus,"I'm rather enjoying this game so far, but it does have some bugs that need solving as has been listed by others. I have positive feelings that the bugs will be ironed out.I have no doubt that the modding community is going to have a field day with this title, much like the original Stardrive, which I sank entirely too many hours into. I expect the same to happen here."
76561198057287894,Recommended,252450,15298092,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cannon Fodder,"Short: A clean, solid 4X game.Less short: A good mix of everything from other 4x games. It won't win out on orginality of the nth degree but what's here is workable and enjoyable. The dev has been in constant contact with the community on the steam forums and his own in adressing the issues that have been cropping up.It can be difficult but after a few tries i've finally reached a point in the game where I have a foundation to whack back.I personally found the pacing to be ideal as the starting game doesn't feel like it takes forever like Civ V or Gal Civ does. Your on toes from the get go which for some this may not appeal too.Overall as stated earlier the UI is clean and responsive. The gameplay is tough but rewarding.My main gripe is other empires colonising in my sphere of influence. I hope this gets fixed."
76561197972312184,Recommended,252450,16109931,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ACPilot_Durandal,"Played 24 hours so far, one of my favorites. I'm playing on a Surface Pro 3 i7, I've had none of the bugs and issues that i keep reading about in the reviews. Runs smoothly, very few bugs or crashes so far, Are there some balancing issues, sure, Is the game hard at the start, absolutely, but overall a fine 4x game made by an indie game maker. Addictive, creative races, replayability and a fun setting. Looking forward to future content from Zero."
76561198007806765,Recommended,252450,15433392,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Anarchist Italia,"This game is awesome! Super fun, super difficult, and super addicting. The ground troops building is very confusing. They appear when you build an infantry base, but the number varies and the time to spawn or if they respawn is not obvious, still good though. However the space AI does odd things. 386 command point fleet (chukk) crossed open space on cluster map and snipe colonies. They have about 14 colonies. I have more colonies and I have about 33 command limit. Now you can build past your limit, but it is expensive so I really have no idea how they are not bankrupt. The only thing I can think of is that they don't take upkeep on their buildings or they don't pay penalties past their command limit. The devs have said that the AI doesn't cheat and I believe him, but I just can't believe something glitchy or buggy isn't happening. By the way, this is on easy difficulty as well.Questions I would ask are, does the AI suffer attacks from random events, remnant, crystal ***holes, and pirates and do they follow the fuel rules? Is their a cheat to toggle fog of war to see how the AI is doing this, and how do I take a break from playing this amazing game without withdraw symptoms?"
76561198027449921,Recommended,252450,19230947,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,cygnus09,"This game has made me write my first game review.  I have played many, many hours of StarDrive 1 and totally enjoyed the game.  I began to read reviews, about StarDrive 2.  Those reviews made me hesitate about buying this game.  It went on sale and I decided to buy it...  I have had none of the tech issues posted in the negative reviews. The game is fun...it's graphics are so awesome...I'm addicted to play.  Going into battle is the best part of the game, if you researched your weapons/upgraded ships.  Buy this game!  You WILL have fun!"
76561198018465163,Recommended,252450,15408057,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mark Yanning,"Stardrive 2 is a very deep, turn space managing game. The battles are very well done as the ship fitting system. The experience levelling of ships is also very interesting, made by levels and medals that give you bonus in battle. The game is more about managing the fleet, create good fittings, managing planets and expanding. Diplomacy is quite fine and the gameplay can be very deep. The ground battle could be improved, maybe doing it a bit quicker, or make the troups auto-fighting. The core and best aspect is to me the fleet battle where you can pause the fight and study a good strategy, according to your fleet composition / fittings. Technology tree could be a bit more clear, but is still working fine. Defenetly if you liked Galactic Civilization 2, you must play Stardrive 2. I feel is a naturale improve of GC2.Pro - Deep ship fittings system- Nice battles to watch and manage- Good longevity, replayable- Very nice system of levelling of ships, with medals according to kills/assists and Xp- Good map generatorCon - Not 100% customizable faction-  Battles on ground are not so enjoable as space battles- Still not enough mods"
,Recommended,252450,15528900,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,J97Martin,"I have only one proplem with this game, and that is after playing for a few days the game gets stuck on the first loading not allowing me to play the game. When I can play though it's really fun."
,Recommended,252450,15505450,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Typo91,"A lot of good features from the first game.Would like options to custom the design of starbases, or at least better information on what its current stats are.Several bugs encountered, however massive improvement over first game.  I have yet to actually crash or be unable to complete a game. Auto saves and Prebattle saves insured impact was minimized.Large battles could use optmization, however even though things slow down, it still works, which i call a winner so far.AI clearly is able to bypass some of the limits in the game.  Fuel, CP limits, constantly nagging you for tech in diplomancy, so you can never actually build up points to ask for large, if you decline to trade you still lose points to ask for what you want later.Late game the AI does not seem to have the ship designs needed for combat against high tech ships? Seems to spam low tech instead.As with Stardrive 1, no real late game closer.  even on tiny galaxy, 40 systems, spreading domination across the map can take hours, though you've got death fleets moving in all directions. Just turns into an exercise in OCD.  Its like tracking down coch roaches.Leaders don't actually manage, or build ques.  More then 10 coloneys there should be profiles for building things on each world.  The bigger it gets, the slower... kind of the problem.Some things in the game arn't really clear... Whats on your starbases, what zombies do, rugs?, Infected planets?, space highways how to, what guns do what and fire at what. How many things you can build on your planet??The shipyard needs a SIMULATOR, so you can test your design.The big black ship on the other side of the worm hole is a beast, that was fun.  But thats it?  I was sure i would get something to help me kill everyone with.The game is either too easy, or hopeless, or just too long.  Fun is shortlived once you start wining.The fun is really in watching your ship designs work.  I honestly believe the future of gaming is in here somewhere,  When a game lets you design the content, but we are still a long way off.Look at Reassembly, its single player, yet incorporates designs from other players into the player's experience... Seems like this would be a good idea here to apply.  The posiblities of ships and designs are more then 1 developer could ever come up with... what if the AI used valid designs from other players in its war effort?  Things they have the tech for from a pool of player made items?  You'd never know what to expect?Ultimatlely I feel like this is a more finished version of Stardrive, the first game was commonly reguarded as unfinished, and as someone that put 100s of hours into the first game, I feel the game is unfinished, yet still had potential.Stardrive 2 should be considered Stardrive 2.0 not a continuation of the game, but a more finished version of the first game.  It feels like the developer took what he learned from the first game, and improved on the game.  Discounting it for those that bought the first game, good call. Clearly Zero has put in a lot of work on this, and deserves a pat on the back, because this is far more then just an update on his first game, he's completely over hauled it.Combat optimization, maybe some PLayer AI assistance both in combat and in over all map control could be helpful.Ground combat is my only real beef with the game, its just bad in many ways... needs to be more like fleet battles, like a RTS when it goes down. and NEVER AUTO ground combat... really just dont.Conclusion...If you like 4x, pick this game up... the art work alone is great, I honestly love the aliens.  You already know what to expect from other 4x games.  Music is pretty good... bugs sure, but the developer seems to be addressing things harder for his new baby.What else are you gona do?  Go outside?"
,Recommended,252450,15411353,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Adonis VII,"Amazingly fun game.  While people complain that it is bad because it isn't like most 4X games, they are wrong because it is trying to be something else.  It is more akin to Total War in space.  Saying Total War is bad because its not Civ is not good review.  If you are looking for real time space battles where you design your own ships, have good visuals, and decent strategy map then I highly recommend it.  Ground combat could use some work, but you can just auto resolve all of them and focus on space."
,Recommended,252450,15421960,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Karamethien,MoO2 with updated graphics... what is not to love.Once they iron out the bugs it should be a great game.
76561197970580951,Recommended,252450,15423576,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Britney Spears Naked.jpg.exe,"Master of Orion 2 called, they want most of their game back. +1"
76561198088301201,Recommended,252450,15297728,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,RicoMuerte,"A great evolution from the previous one, Stardrive 1 had its unique gameplay in a 4x game, with mods it shined! Now Stardrive 2 is a masterpiece, bringing back memories from old classics like Master of Orion. A great game for those who want a chalenge, the A.I is solid and will put you on your knees, struggling for survival. The best on the genre."
76561197976974586,Recommended,252450,15324727,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Aequitas - Glit,"Do you enjoy a thoroughly buggy, unfair, yet exciting game? Then this is the game for you.Wouldn't buy this again for $30."
76561198006807083,Not Recommended,252450,23196132,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,GADefence,"Game takes forever to load, handles poorly, wants to be a good master of orion 3 (take note how bad that game failed) and has a horribly boring ship creation menu that feels like minecraft - if minecraft was boring and slow.Not recommended."
76561198153258665,Not Recommended,252450,16101963,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,alienware is SH I I I T!!!,This game is quite brocken in so many ways i think its stupid how the ai build up a fleet so large that it drops the frame rate to nothing an their fleet takes up the whole screen you get slaughtered from every angle an you only get a tiny little box facing one direction to put your ships in thats even if i had enough room to put my ships in to start with.. make the battle space a lot bigger because that is really bad game mechanics also im trying to capture or bombard a planet but the ship fleet icon thing is always in the way so you cant click the planet.. the ai need so much work i dont even know where to start
,Recommended,252450,19185417,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Onion Prime,"StarDrive 2 has taken over Endless Space and SWEAW as my favorite Space 4X game in my opinion. It's one of those games that if you get bored after playing a few rounds, leave it for a week or two then comeback. It will feel like a whole new game (as long as you change up your race and map)."
76561198022607991,Recommended,252450,15285619,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,philo103,"Like people have said in reviews and in forum posts, this is a good remake of 'Master of Orion 2' but I have not played long enough to mention its major flaws (if any).I very much recommend this game to all fans of interstellar turn-based-strategy games. We must encourage those developers !P.S. (edit) > There are heroes in the game, but it might take some time for them to appear."
,Recommended,252450,15312231,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Duckroll,"Keeps the ship design and awesome combat from StarDrive one, but with a turn based strategic map.Added ground combat which is pretty dull, unless you liked the new X-Com - it's similar to that. If you auto-resolve the AI loses a bunch of guys when you'd lose one or none at all.Depending on the race and traits you pick, your style of play will vary greatly. Even the enemies you fight - if they prefer to use fighter swarms, missiles or energy weapons.Still an awesome game, more polished and focused than the predecessor.Edit: The developer has been patching the game every 2 days since release, good support so far"
76561198078259624,Recommended,252450,15327497,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Starcat,"Bought Stardrive 1 Loved it even if it had its drawbacks, and its the same with Stardrive 2 The biggist problem for this game is that the diffculty is quite high for normal (I fair well on it) but not so for other people.Yet avast ye land lubbers patches galore! The dev for this game treats it like a baby and listens to the people, its had some manjor bugs in it but it was patched the day right after, most bugs were squashed, also I have found out Daniel (the Dev) is doing modding tutorials to help people mod his game after they asked him to make it moddble as possible (Star Trek, Star Wars anything space related)Pros:1. Muther F***ing Space Bears2. Muther F***ing Space wolfs3. Module ship building design (make your ships how you want them you want your battle ship to have only armor with no weapons then let it be you crazy f**k)4.Its a 4X game that works5.Interesting/ awesome art design (space bears!!!!)7.Cool 3D enviroment battles, ships will go over and under each other to get an advantge.8.Skill level system, ships gain veterency and improve their aim and flying skills.9.Land battles this one is a bit of meh, Its Xcom based gameplay I love, the skills are only very interesting too!10.Nameeverything! Name your ships! name your planets, name your race and choose different trait  for them like better ship builders (20% faster at building ships) or have replusive as a trait (making them ugly as ♥♥♥♥!) and no one wants to be your friend!11. Leaders, you get an abundance of leaders to pick! some of which are jokes from star wars or futurama. (you can get zapp brannigan as a space leader!)12.The music, omg the music its amazing, I just can't believe how nice it is, its  like Frank Klepacki did the music for this game like Star wars Empire at war, its just ♥♥♥♥ing great! You can really feel the atmostphere for the game.Cons:1.High diffculty2.Land battle AI is pretty dum.3.Need better skills for ships. (maybe skills from modules)4.Need more space encounters like some kind of awesome rebellion. (abit like the warharks)5.No space Zombies? everyone likes Space Zombies.6.can't bord ships? maybe a feature that will come later on.7.Diplomacy and Ai ships, its a bit broken even though I like it the AI can be abit silly sometimes most of the time the Dip system is very good and cool!.Oh yeh I forgot theres like a massive moding scean for this game, with a Star trek mod already in the works, day it was relased a mod was made for it already and a good one too!So yea I think this game is awesome and if you don't believe me ask AngryJoe himselfhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHwEI7PKorEThis has been Starcat signing off to play some more Stardrive 2!!!!"
76561197970685560,Recommended,252450,15358771,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,iorek,"Not as good as stardrive one (with community mod/stability pack) and in may ways its very different from stardrive one. Should have been released under a different name, as its now more of a turn based managment game instead of an RTS.But I recommend as a stand alone, simplistic, Gal Civ / MoO2 Clone.It has a reasonable tutorial and very low entry requirments.Simple clean graphics mean it will run on anything.For such a tiny development team it outshines Galactic civ 3 (currently early access) and the ship building tool ported from stardrive one is pretty much the entire game ""Gratuitous Space battles""While the builder has been dumbed down form stardrive 1 There is still a huge range of guns, beams, lasers, cannons, torpendos, proton launchers, leechy thingys, fighters, jammers etc etc."
,Recommended,252450,15301400,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The King of the North,"I will start by first saying I am allitle Biased.  I loved stardrive one, it was easilly my favorite game durring that period and I sank hours into it.  When I heard that they were making a StarDrive 2, I thought it was going to be a money grab.  I was a little dissapointed.  I am glad to say that I was pleasently wrong.Looking at StarDrive 2 on its own merrits, I enjoy it a lot. To me the best part of the game is the customizable ships.  While some parts are more simple then Stardrive 1's but it works.  What they did with the randomish quests and story elements really reminds me of playing Masters of Orion Two with a updated UI and real time space battles.  I would recomend this game to people that are a fan of space combat games or Masters of Orion.  If you are looking for a clone of the first game this is not the game for you."
76561198009349112,Recommended,252450,15305441,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Igniteous,"This is Stardrive 2.  Not Stardrive.  It is different.  It is currently being highly supported by the creator.  I don't care what happened yesterday or 6 months from now and whether he still supports it.  When I played I got sucked in and killed hours.  It was fun.That's all that matters, really.  I'm having fun.  So I absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,252450,15345523,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Rexcasual,"I love space games. I didn't like Stardrive 1 at all. I love Stardrive 2. For a full explanation, dial 1-800-GO FIGURE."
76561197961149541,Recommended,252450,15349180,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Stephen Colbert,"Review for those who have played Masters of Orion 2 on the hardest settings and won without taking ""Creative"":It's MOO2.  Spend the money, cuz MOO2 is back again, but now with space wolves!  Beware the purple spies.Review for those who are hardcore 4x gamers who play for the challenge:Stardrive 2 is a phenominal game that will test your endurance, wits, and resource management skills from TURN 1.  There are a LOT of things you need to know to play this game, but if you have ever played Masters of Orion 2, you're ready to tackle this game on Normal.Pros:1.  Ship design - While some games allow you a fair deal of customization, Stardrive 2 allows you nearly 98% customization of your fleet.  The only thing you can't customize is which ship 'hulls' you use, as that is determined by the race you play as.  For those of you out there who played Stardrive 1, there have even been some hulls that were removed, but the selection is more than adequate and what you can do with your ships is peerless.2.  Difficulty - This game is HARD.  VERY VERY hard.  I have beat Masters of Orion 2 (the game this game is effectively emmulating) countless times on the hardest difficulty.  The first playthrough I attempted in Stardrive 2, I tapped out as I had pirates, 3 races, space crystals, and the Remanent (The Antarans, if you're a MOO2er) all coming after my homeworld of Earth.  If you enjoy a TRULY dauntless and unforgiving game - this is IT.  That's not to say this game isn't beatable, but you can seriously lose this game on turn 1 if you don't know what you're doing.3.  Graphics - Beautiful starship battles framed in slow-mo bullet-time-esque speeds await you.  Expertly drawn and animated unique races bring you into the rich universe.4.  Gameplay - Everything you do is it's own task in this game - managing an intergalactic empire takes the form of many screens feeding you the information you need to make the correct decisions, star ship battles are done in a real-time strategy where you can control your AI's engagement ranges and behaviors, ground combat is done on a hex grid.This game is definitely a must buy for you.Review for the Casual gamer:This game has far too many things that aren't explained or are intuitive enough for the casual gamer.  If you're looking for a game where you just build up ships and watch them clash - this is not the game for you.  If you see the pretty starship battles and think that is the majority of the game, I'm just going to say that isn't the case.  The game will be ludacrisly difficult for you, and you will rapidly become frustrated with this title.Unless you are serious about entering the 4x genre, this title is definitely not for you."
76561197976041105,Recommended,252450,15361081,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,huston,"Review for Game as of Patch 1.0d on 4/13/15.First off I love this game. The premise is they took Stardrive's assets and background lore and put it to match Masters of Orion 2. They even included an easter egg that the end boss through a black hole is called Master of Orion 2.The good:Great ship design, easy to manage solar systems, you can always see using F2 how each planet is doing.Ship battles look amazing!! Love the graphics and watching as your cannons smash the enemy ships is great.Easy to play hard to master type of game play.The Bad:AI is tough, a little to tough on normal. It seems that you cannot be friends with anyone, they all will declare war with you eventually. The ship movements is buggy in tactic battles. Do not use auto battles unless you are fighting only one ship. Gauss Cannon is too strong. Balance issues all over the place. Human Titan ships are way small compared to the bug/hive race. Having more room to put big guns on your ships is a big advantage.There are a ton of bugs still in this build. In the tacticle view you will ships dance all over the screen. The defensive buildings for tacticle ground combat do not work at this time. My ground forces end up starting the fight with 0 health but as long as they do not get hit they do not die...I would say if the bugs will annoy you too much wait, but if you can look past them the game is great!!"
76561198043297588,Recommended,252450,15847113,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,angeredcheesecake,"its like masters of orion 2 had a graphics update, if thats your thing. different races and real time fleet battles and turn based ground combat. pretty interesting ship design methods, as well as getting to arm ground troops.i have one problem, anyone else have a random encounter where there is a clone of your own fleet immidiately following taking an enemys colony?"
76561197972984638,Recommended,252450,15874487,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,daluke182,"TL;DR - Overall the game was worth it for me, I think they got the pricing right on this one. Hopefully they patch some of the problem areas listed below.The game is fun, interesting, and quite challenging at times. I enjoyed it, until I beat it.Pros:-I liked the diplomacy in this one with the 'tolerance' limiting your trades-Ship design was a lot of fun-It was fun to micro the ships in combat-the tech tree was cool.Neutral:-The number of high-quality planets (i.e. planets that grow food) are quite low. So the game does sort of stove pipe you into some tech decisions.Cons:-Very large battles take FOREVER to process even with a decent computer.-The end game needs some work-no technological victory. If you are playing on a large universe you have to hunt down every single occupied planet. Quite a big turn off for me after being in such a dominating position.-The above point really drags down the replayability for me.-Canopy shields OP."
76561197995359996,Recommended,252450,15361056,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,jdwilbanks,"Having played StarDrive one and being pretty impressed (After all, lets consider both of these games are by a one man band who gets alittle bit of art help on the side) but left wanting more, I had been following StarDrive 2 with alot of interest. I bought it day one, and started playing.As evidenced by nearly 90 hours into the game over the last week, I have been blown away. As many have noted, there's a real ""hardness"" level to the AI - even on easy; recent patches (which by the way, what developer do you know puts out 4 patches in 2 days, and works over a weekend?) have added a true easy mode, but I was honestly unchallanged by it - even normal mode with special events turned off felt too easy. Having a real challenge is fun - regardless (again to the folks complaining about the AI cheating) of how the AI accomplishes the challenge. I actually have to design ships specifically to take out each race's ships - its pretty neat in my mind that I can tool up a bunch of ships with long range weapons, shred the enemy, and then get owned by the next group because I don't have enough point defense and they have tons of carriers with swarms of hundreds of fighters.The graphics are outstanding; the game is filled with easter eggs to various Sci-Fi tropes; almost to the point I'm afriad some annoying lawyer will pop up and sue Zero. Some of them are aboslutely hysterical - such as the human fighter pilot hero.Sound is good; the real time battles are fun and engaging, and tactics really do matter.There's some bugs in Stardrive 2, but I'm confident Zero will get rid of them, and I also believe he will update and improve the already outstanding game over the next 6 months. I'm looking forward to modding it and doing some neat things.My final comment on StarDrive 2 is this - it is the kind of game that makes me say ""5 more minutes"", and in my mind, the best compliment a game can be payed is the ""5 more minutes"" feeling - its the halmark of a great game.There are many games out there that cost 50 bucks and are nowhere near as fun, enjoyable, technically sound, and replayable. Get StarDrive 2 today!"
76561197997932146,Recommended,252450,15687955,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ig_Jan / Quarant1ne,"If you love 4x games (like me), you can't really go wrong here. Stardrive 2 steals features unapologetically from games like Master of Orion, Endless Space and of course Stardrive 1. It also tries to add some new depth to the XCOM style ground combat and the event-driven campaign.All that being said, it's not very polished. There are (slight) bugs as well as balancing issues and the ""random encounters"" aren't random at all, but always appear in the same order. I actually found the relatively small amount of ship modules refreshing, since your choices are more meaningful if there aren't thousands of options. What I'm missing are more planetary modules, more diplomacy options and a better end-game."
76561197972081334,Recommended,252450,15675490,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,T-ESI,"One of the best Space 4x games yet. The ship/hull outfitting and customization is 2nd to none and is my top pick in that category on a 4x no holds barred wishlist.Stardrive 2 is Master of Orion 2 remade with Stardrive integrated into it. And its all done extremely well. His politics and bargaining system is quite ingenious in preventing the typical barter everything at once exploit that no one else (of whose games I've played at least) has manged to do.Combat is pausable real-time and what you outfit your ships with and  how you use them makes a difference. Same goes for ground combat which in most other 4x is largely ignored or marginalized.Modding support looks to be great (I'm not a modder but already upon release theres a good playable Star Trek mod in progress)The only area where some other 4x games have over this is victory scenarios other than all out total conquest. Thats it. Graphics, depth, ship/hull customization, ground combat, thought out diplomacy. This game has a lot! It may not score perfect 10s in ALL categories, but it does is some and high 8s or 9s in others. I highly, highly recommend this space 4x!"
,Recommended,252450,15337271,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Alan Wolf,"StarDrive II is quite literally a three way cross between Masters of Orion, Total War and a bit of XCOM.  If you're Masters of Orion fan from way back or love the idea of galactic domination, the this is an experience I highly recommend!"
76561198038973668,Recommended,252450,15441339,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,The Hatless Ranger,"Needs a lot of work, but it's still great fun!"
76561197990635412,Recommended,252450,15510150,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Nezzi02,BEST GAME EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970806662,Recommended,252450,15452692,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Car_Tire,"Absolutely love the game.  The turn base aspect is a great improvement and it really gives you time to think.  One of the best features that I like is being evil actually has amazing benefits.  By making a race that can sacrifice people for research and money, taking the trait that allows me to assimilate other’s tech when I conquer them, then researching slavery and xeno assimilation.  Wow, I just advance up the tech tree.I can walk into a solar system with my fleets, slave the enemy planets down to 1 population, capture the planet, get two technologies, and then all along the way be sacrificing my slaves for money and tech.Once I have an enemy planet, I can just start cloning the population and sacrificing them.Money, technology, and power come through slavery.  Other games have had the ability for you to “say you are evil”.  This game has captured the essence of being able to actually choose between what is right-“good” and what is easy – “evil”.And the difficulty level! Horray for a challenging 4x game that will actually destroy me the more difficult it gets.  Rather than just being a milk run, I have to think, adapt and change my strategy.  If I have picked a bad strategy, I find out fast when I lose!MOO was amazing, Space Empires V was fantastic.  Ever since those games I have been searching for a 4x turn based game with depth and replayability.  This game is exactly what I have been looking for!"
76561197970201649,Recommended,252450,15341538,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,eliarnold3,"I played, and enjoyed, the original.  I appreciate the switch to turn based strategy and enjoy the improved graphics of real-time combat."
76561198037116261,Recommended,252450,15412282,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Atavus,A great 4x strategy game which is easy to enjoy. A modern (albeit simpler) version of Distant Worlds.
76561198012931195,Recommended,252450,15490885,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dandrik,"The amount of content that is taken from previous games makes this both a attraction and kind of a hum drum. If you played the older games in the past you are looking for a modern version of them. This feel more like a remake than a new 4x.I like alot about the game, and if you are looking for that feeling of MOO2 but more modern this gives you some of that. There is no multiplayer. And Ground combat is lacking... Bugs in the game make i difficult sometimes...Arena seem to harder than expected, or I just lack understanding of how it works.Overall it is worth the money, and if you are looking for a quick get away / reminder of the past it is great, but don't expect to have a full blown balenced 4x. Its just not there yet."
76561197969335740,Recommended,252450,15339679,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,BlueInstinct,"I read alot about people saying this game is too hard and how the AI is too agressive.Well, to be succesful in this game, u need to understand how ship design works. its not that hard to figure out and its alot of fun, the best ship designer in any 4x out there hands down.If someone says the AI is too hard on easy setting he has obviousely not understood some of the crucial mechanics!(many of those reviews have less than 10 h gameplay which kinda says it all)Now to my experience:Pros:-The game mechanics are strongly inspired by moo2 and it could easily be considered the first true succesor-The graphics are pretty and the alien races have alot of character to them-Shp design is super fun and meaningful, way more compelling than any other 4x-The AI is pretty good which is a huge deal since its a SP only game and thus will add to replayability alot-The game is, unlike many other games, in a polished shape in terms of gameplay and stability. It hasn't crshed a single time for me-The developer is passionate about this game and working dedicated to make it betterCons:-Ground combat can be tedious and auto resolveing it can lead to bad results-Compared to SD1, ships are smaller and the designer is more streamlined-No MP yet (i think there is a fair chance that we get it later though if the game is succesful)8/10Could become a perfect 10 with more content, mods and MP"
,Recommended,252450,15399487,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lieutenant Dan,"Got attacked by a fleet of bears, tried to play dead, still killed me.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,252450,15479178,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,SoulMan,"StarDrive 2 has gone a slightly different direction than it's predecessor, which has split it's fan/player base somewhat.  To understand why some people don't enjoy this game, one needs to look at an overview of the first StarDrive game.StarDrive 1 was a Real Time with Pause 4X space game.  It had a well crafted ship builder (one of my favorite aspects of the series), a streamlined planet management system, and entertaining combat.  It's biggest flaw was its bugs and engine issues late game, and the developer team discontinuing updates due to difficulties with the Unity engine.  That said, it was still an above average game in it's genre.Along comes StarDrive 2, offering a more traditional Turn Based approach (though it's made to progress turns rapidly until something interesting happens).  Changing some of the aspects of the first StarDrive (though keeping the excellent races, lore, ship building, and real time combat), StarDrive 2 aims to mime Master of Orion 2.  This to me, is a good thing, as MoO2 is a classic for a reason, that hasn't been remade.  If any 4X game is deserving of a modern revamp, it's MoO2.  StarDrive 2 gets a lot of things right in it's tribute, and a few wrong, but is a very solid game overall, and aims to better itself over time.StarDrive 2 does have it's share of bugs (currently), but it's developer is releasing patches on a regular basis to try and fix these, as well as rebalance passes to curb the difficulty spike (or easiness spike, depending on who you talk to) that many have experienced while playing.  So long as the team keeps at it's current rate, this will be an overall better game than the prior version.Pros---+ Great ship building system+ Real Time Instanced Combat looks clean and is uncomplicated+ Follows the Master of Orion 2 template almost tick for tick+ Events and Quests add spice/lore+ Thematic, enjoyable music fitting a space empire+ A new addition to diplomacy that limits player abuse while keeping it interestering+ Unique races that each lend their own personalities (and in some cases, unique playstyles) to the game+ Samurai Space Bears...Cons---- UI could use a few more tooltips and usability changes (ship management for example isn't overly informative)- Space Combat could be spiced up with more things to do / active abilities- Ground Combat gets tedious fairly quickly and could be spiced up as well- Auto-Resolve is currently terrible for both Space and Ground Combat- Only one victory condition (extermination)... would be nice to have some more common 4X conditions like tech, diplomacy, etc... other ways to win the game other than wiping out all your enemies (though that is fun)* Note: This is strictly a single player game, and while this has been a note of contention for some, shouldn't bias the game negatively.  That said, multiplayer would be a nice addition if another StarDrive game is made, as that is becoming fairly staple for the modern 4X genre.In conclusion, StarDrive 2 is not without it's faults, but Zero Sum have seemed to have learned from their mistakes of the first game and have crafted a better product as a result.  While not for everyone, StarDrive 2 delivers an enjoyable experience to 4X fans that can easily keep you playing just one more turn.TLDR: Different than the previous game carrying the StarDrive name, but better in just about every way (unless you really liked the original being Real Time).  Modern remake of Master of Orion 2.  Real Time Space Combat, Turn Based Ground Combat, Turn Based Empire Management.  Though it still has some growing to do, it's definitely a Recommend."
76561197964850600,Recommended,252450,15850063,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Evil Unk,"I bought MOO when it came out (PC's were made of wood back then) and thought it was really fun.I bought Gal Civ 2 and 'enjoyed it"", but could never master the economics of it. Still it was fun(ish).I bought SoSE and had a great time with it. But it got repetitive after a bit.Now I have bought StarDrive 2 and I am simply blown away at the ability to do so many things in the game and actually UNDERSTAND everything you are doing. It truly is remarkable the thought that went into not only designing such a wonderful tutorial and interface, but the imagination that went into the events in the game.I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to rule the world/galaxy/universe, but finds other games a bit daunting. So glad I bought this over Gal Civ 3. It hits a homerun in my park!10/10 I say!"
76561197985171381,Recommended,252450,15874011,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Baleur,"Brilliant.Played Galactic Civilizations III for 30 minutes, having been a fan of the previous games.Bought StarDrive 2.Far more love, care, passion and attention to little details went into this sequel. It is a true evolution of the previous game, an improvement and new direction in almost all aspects. For the better. Something which a previously mentioned high profile 4x title did not deliver.StarDrive 2 is not a reskin of the same game with merely .ini mod-level changes.It is a completely fresh redesigned game, and a bloody brilliant one at that.This is the Master of Orion of the modern day. The dev finally got it right after the first game honestly kind of was a beta experiment.Buy it now, if you are a fan of 4x games, such as Galciv, Distant Worlds, MOO, Armada or Endless Space."
76561198048290456,Recommended,252450,15317057,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,FloppyPancakeWarrior,"The game is very enjoyable, and whatever bugs/issues it has are being thoroughly and ruthlessly patched by the dev. I highly recommend this for people who enjoy space strategy games and 4X games. Also, you can enslave fish people, which is all I really wanted out of life."
,Recommended,252450,15293752,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rubber Ducky,I like it.
76561197986421435,Recommended,252450,15293660,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[SNT]Cosian,"Played, or at least tried every 4x Space Genre game for many many years.  As an original founder waiting patiently for Gal Civ 3, I was anxious to give SD2 a spin for something to do while waiting.....Now this is a first impressions review and I have not logged many hours yet, but that said, first impressions are pretty important and SD2 made a good one with me.  So far I am lovin it!  I found it easy to get in to and was quite impressed with the interface and game systems.  Its clean and plays well.  I like the spin on a the tech tree where you have to choose a single tech in a given category/level and can only get the others in that category/level through diplomacy or espionage.  Decisions decisions!  I also really like the ship building.  Here again, many decisions to be made yet the construction interface is easy to use and makes sense.  More decisions when it comes to expansion and building.  I found that the normal 4x land grab rush may not work as well here due to various encounters and mechanics.  It can be pretty dangerous right out of the shoot even close to your home planet.  A more planned and thoughtful build/expansion strategy is required.At the end of the day, I find the games mechanics to present many more meaningful decisions than some of the other 4x space genre fare out there.  Kudo's to the SD2 team!  Looks like you might have a winner!"
76561198007610552,Recommended,252450,15290984,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Matiati,Just one sentence...This is what MOO3 should have been...And you know about the rest.
,Recommended,252450,15291528,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,coheed360,"love this game. if you like MOO, other 4x, definitely get it.haters are gonna hate.hope the developer adds some more polish to combat and multiplayer - would definitely recommend this though even as is."
76561198038433471,Recommended,252450,15294226,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Yvain,"Pretty much every 4X game that has come out since the genre has started gets asked one question. How does it compare to the styles of Master of Orion 2 or Civilization. A lot of them fall short because they are missing key features or ideas from one of those two iconic games.Stardrive 2 is a game that manages to remake the classic feeling of those games while also adding to the formula. In a nutshell and remake of the legendary MOO2. You only need to glance at it to see the similarities. This is both good and bad. If you are a diehard Civilization fan, you will immediately notice the game focuses less on empire simulation and more on conflict and exploration. That may leave you a bit disappointed. On the other hand though, if you like MOO you will love this game for those exact reasons.Each game has a lot of customization options, though I wish there were a few more galaxy option types. Still there are a lot to fool around with and you can customize a lot of the details of each opponent race. Once a game is started there is a lot to explore and do. Things start out slow for your planets, but you will eventually unlock a ton of tech to build each planet or asteroid. I find myself satisfied with these options and can churn out planets exactly how I like. So for empire building it is a thumbs up.A little while into the game you will see that it is very combat focused. And the game is difficult on normal setting. The AI is aggressive and challenging. You can’t sit on your laurels waiting for things to happen. You have to be constantly building and expanding to stay competitive. To make matters worse for any fledgling Emperors, your empire will also face random scenarios from time to time that usually involve someone attacking or pillaging your empire. The AI doesn’t have to deal with this events and if you are not careful, you can find yourself surrounded by other empires as well as random event attacks. On the plus side, the scenarios usually grant your rewards for their completion.Combat and ship design are definitely SD2’s strong point there are a lot of options to make some truly unique ships that fight how you want. It is very rewarding to watch your designs bring your victory. In actual combat, the game looks and plays great. Tactics are key and the right or wrong moves can turn a lopsided battle into a victory or defeat. The AI employs some solid designs and tactics, however he should be a little quicker to adapt to my designs. Ground combat is okay. It is nice to see something attempted and I am having fun with it, but it could definitely be more fleshed out. This maybe because the maps feel a little empty.SD2’s biggest weakness right now is diplomacy. It has the standard options, but uses a system called Tolerance to represent a race’s familiarity to limit the amount of options you can conduct in a session to keep you from just spamming options. The system is great on paper and was super cool early in the game, however the AI’s aggressiveness will soon override your options. Too many things can effect a races opinion of you negatively. If the AI wants to trade for a tech even when he has nothing worthwhile if I turn him down our relationship suffers. If I say yes our tolerance gets used up so I can’t ask for things I want later. If I don’t pay them money for their threats they get angry. If I expand too much they get angry. It is hard to keep them happy without simply giving into all their requests. Conversely, they seem to not care at all about my happiness. Worse I have no option to complain about their spying or attempts to colonize planets in my systems. The concept is sound, but the balance needs to be reworked. Right now it is a little more frustrating than rewarding.Overall, the game really is a great accomplishment. It just does so many things I have always wanted in a 4X right. There are plenty of nitpicks here and there, but the amount of fun I am having with it far outweighs those issues. The game only retails for 30 USD. As of this review I have 16 hours logged in so for me it was well worth the price. There are a lot of options and plenty of ways to get in all 4 of the Xs. And it certainly has the “Just one more turn feel”"
76561198066854895,Recommended,252450,15295421,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Filium101,"Will write something more proper once I've played more of it, but so far this may very well be my favourite space 4X game."
,Recommended,252450,20746193,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,RayButts,"Although not 100% perfect I never had this much fun with a game in a long time!It is in a lot of aspects like Moo2 but also more modern. Some things that are different are really good(ship designer, ship battles), some things need improvement (Diplomacy, Victory conditions, Ground Battles mainly).Still feels like a miracle it was mainly coded and produced by one guy!Regardless of its shortcomings it's my favourite space-4X so far and the upcoming games from the big studios like Stellaris, Endless Space 2 and the new Master of Orion will have a hard time to convince me their games are more fun.I hope with the upcoming DLC SD2 will get rid of some of its problems and improve more.PS: Another big plus of Stardrive 2, it's fun and has some really crazy ideas!(I only say: T-Rex with machine guns on its heads as ground troops !!)"
76561197964882597,Recommended,252450,15398114,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Kazzamkablam,"Stardrive 2 has more than few influences from grandfather of space strategies, Master of Orion 2. If you have played it you will feel instantly at home with how colony building and allocating population works, switching them between farmers, workers and scientists.Planets themselves come from several types, from Toxic wasteland to Gaia type planets and asteroid fields which can hold different amounts of population, which can be upgraded with technology. Tech tree itself is set so you have several fields to pick from and you can only pick one, leaving the other two to be obtained other ways, namely diplomacy and spying.Diplomacy itself gives you ""point"" limit with determines how much you can do with other races which increases as you do deals with the race. Eventually allowing you to do treaties such as non agression pact and alliance. Unfortunately AI and limited amount of victory conditions ingame undermine diplomacy a bit and sooner or later (usually sooner, due aggressive AI). You will end up fighting with the AI, which especially at harder difficulties can be brutal. On my playhtoughs I saw AI wield sneak attack fleet that was larger than my entire fleet.Space combat itself is a mix original Master of Orion 2 and rts, you equip your ships with different equipment and then command them in real time view which for the most part works smoothly but one of games issues is that it does not have reinforcement system, so with larger battles your computer can slow down to a crawl. Once you win space battle it's time to bring in the ground troops, which too can be equipped and heroes to be hired who can directly help you with ground combat.Ground combat itself is turn based system bit like X-Com except much simpler where you command your troops and your mechs until one side gets killed, problem with ground combat is AI is bit stupid and it can be easily exploited, I had same squad of 6 timid warriors (they receive penalty to hitpoints) and I was still able to eliminate most of enemy fights without losing single soldier due AI being poor at ground combat. It really needs to use it's special abilities and formations better.Lategame when your empire starts to expand on several starsystems and you have lots of colonies one of games biggest issues start to shine, there is no way to have manager for colonies which would build stuff based on your preferences, so you end up changing build orders a LOT, even when you have them queued it gets tedious and you really wish for some kind of governor system.Overall good game that could use some polish, especially quality of life improvements."
,Recommended,252450,17066376,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zanphear,"Loved this game, bit buggy but thoroughly enjoyed playing it."
76561198025240376,Recommended,252450,17085981,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zunnoab #931,"Overall I give a positive review of the game. Is it perfect?  Well no, but it still gave me several dozen hours of fun (and the developer intends to support the game further).The game's biggest flaw is that as it stands (and this is intended to change eventually) there are only two victory conditions (one official,one secret that says you won when you beat a final boss encounter).  Diplomacy as it stands cannot be used to form long lasting alliances and the end goal is always conquest.  The player can mentally set their own goals, such as controlling and containing all threats, or getting friendly with as many other civilizations as possible, but there are no built-in alternate victory conditions yet, and the ability to win by forming an alliance would add another facet to the game.The ground combat has a very mixed reaction.  Personally I like it, but I can see why some do not.  The developer does want to improve this eventually.Just like the first game, ship building is a huge aspect of the game's fun.  To summarize, I think it's a really good game but focuses a bit too much on the aggressive side of 4x play, but as I said the developer is accepting feedback and does want to fix that.  I do not feel an imperfect situation is enough for me to give a negative review.As far as how the game looks and feels, for the most part I think it feels quite well done.  Perhaps my play time speaks for itself.  My stance is if I put this much time into the game, how could I at least not recommend it?"
,Recommended,252450,16824308,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,aidenh,I really like this game. It IS master of orion 2 but with some new features and modernisation. I think this is a positive. Updates seem to be tweaking the game for the better too. I'd love to see some reskin mods or even more races with different hull layouts but i do recommend it and will put many more hours into it.
76561198009509328,Recommended,252450,17050088,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Hopdevil,"Great game.   Wonderful ship designer. You'll have tons of fun researching new techs, incorperating them into your designs, and then deploying them in battle.The problem is that the game is really buggy.  Sometimes I have fleets clone and attack themselves.   Sometimes I have space anomolies that spawn hostile ships and cannot be destroyed because there is no ""start battle"" button.  Which means the ONLY way to exit the screen is to forfeit the battle and have your entire fleet self destruct.Oh yeah, don't even bother with trying to get your contructer ships build an effective space highway to move your ships faster.   That entire mechanic does not work making constucter ships pointless except as recon stations.Finally, no end game.   You kill everybody and the game just keeps running forever.This game should still be in alpha but it's tons of fun as is.   I recommend this game because of that.   I would love to see something more polished but if the fate of Stardrive 1 is any indication of what the future holds for Stardrive 2 then my guess is I'll be dissapointed.I hope for this game to be complete someday because when it is it will be better than any other space 4x I have ever played.  THe bugs don't make it unplayable in most cases.   But they will sure♥♥♥♥♥♥you off enough to make you put the game down when you would have otherwise kept playing."
76561198007337371,Recommended,252450,17175912,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,BigFatChicken,"This is an amazing space strategy game with an unfortunate amount of bugs. I enjoyed it enough to give a thumbs up, even with all the issues.Bugs I’ve run into:When you use fighter squadrons, the post battle process can take 10-15 to finish loading.The post battle process can sometimes crash the game after large fights.The fleet ownerships were once switched between myself and the NPC during a battle. This was actually kind of funny at the time (I mad their ships turn around so they couldn’t shoot), but it’s a bug none the less.NPC ships will sometimes fly outside of the battle screen (out of your view) if they are being defeated. If your ships aren’t fast enough to catch them, the battle never ends unless you forfeit.Good things:The game has one of the best ship designers in my opinion. It’s simple to understand but difficult to master. Ships must be constantly redesigned/improved as the technology in the universe gets better, or risk being left in the dust.I generally ignore diplomacy managment in space games, but it’s actually very useful here.  As you progress through the various technology trees, you will leave some research behind. For example, you may opt for a new type of ship armor instead of advanced fighter technology.  Diplomacy with other cultures allows you to trade for this technology, which would be lost to your civilization otherwise."
76561198042395079,Recommended,252450,17208488,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,kicktothehead,"I have played 5 hours now (all in one session) and I am not sure I understand the negative reviews. I heard all of the drama surrounding SD1 but I watched some you tube playthroughs on this SD2 game and decided to buy it.I gotta say its a slick game. Graphics are nice, some nice random events pop in on you,the AI is aggressive even on normal, the diplomacy is straightforward and easy, the combat is nice ... I am not sure why the negative reviews. I enjoy this game and I see myself sinking many hours into it. Well done Zero (I see people call you that in the comments section) .... I am fan and buyer and will follow your games."
76561198091599512,Recommended,252450,17455424,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vyyrakk,Like sterallaris' less cool distant cousin. Really distant...
76561197972648730,Not Recommended,252450,16709484,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Emrys,Nothing like the original. Shamelessly copying other games while the AI isn't subject to the same timescale or restrictions as a player. You throw 10 titans against a few AI fighters and lose every time.
76561198021971210,Not Recommended,252450,16749438,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gwtheyrn,"I would love to recommend this game, but I can't. While I was a huge fan of Stardrive, the sequel just rings hollow.The first title was born of Steam Early Access, and gave the developer a large swath of suggestions, criticism, and feedback during its cycle. The developer would later make it pretty clear that he wasn't terribly fond of getting feedback during development, that there were too many voices in his first game and chose to develop Stardrive 2 behind closed doors.Unfortunately, this is the result of a developer and his hubris stuck in an echo chamber. There's no one to point out flaws in design, resulting in poor decisions being reinforced as good ones inside one's own head, where they become entrenched.Ship design is still good, but not quite as dynamic as SD1. There's far less freedom to build.  Faction customization is expanded. The tech tree is improved, but still not great and leader missions are fun the first time, but grow stale.Outside of that, everything just falls flat. Ground combat is half-baked. Colony management interface is poor. The AI leaves a lot to be desired in both strategic and tactical combat (mathematical advantages are applied to make up for it). Diplomacy is even less useful. The move to a turn-based strategy map has taken away the immediacy of naval engagements.Even with all the bugs, which I can forgive, this culminates into the two most damning critiques of this game:* The game is shallow and has no spirit.* It's flat out boring."
76561198007494456,Recommended,252450,21802384,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ironclad,The game is freaking good with the new DLC.
76561198028718056,Recommended,252450,15406544,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,rj,"I enjoy the game, but it's almost a copy of Masters of Orion! seems the  name and faces of oppenents are changed , the skills are somewhat the same with different meanings, although building of ships is different. You get heros, and allowed only 4... and seems the AI is bias towards you, because no matter how fast you build, you are always outnumbered. Your enemies seem to always attack your weekness even not knowing what in your territory. It seems as they always have your armada outnumber as well. Not saying i want it to be easy, but would like to have it as equal to get a honest fighting chance.Traiding seems to be boring, it seems if your opponent don't get the upper hand in the deal, there no trade. So what good is that! Even if you trade with them, a few turns later they are asking for tribute, if you deny , then war! Useless!For the price, the graphics could have been better, i paid for the digital deluxe, and i was able to put color on my ships, however there only 4-5 selection you may choose from. Sound track is ok, after playing it for awhile, you need to turn off because it becomes overbearing.The game runs smoothly, i played without any crashing, so I give that a thumbs up.Just wish there was more to it, explorating is a joke, your ship can only go so far, and its a small universe too! If your playing the biggest map, unless you find wornholes then build a gas station to go futher, there no need, the AI has taken up the stars for your rivals. It seems that thier plot of space is always larger than yours!Recommend for thoes who never played Masters of Orion, but for thoes whom played that gave, no!"
76561198005319584,Recommended,252450,15428473,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mage,"Its a great game for fans of the 4X genre.The Ship Battle are the hight light for me, the ground combat is not so good and should be improved a lot.The support is great and a lot of patrches has already been delivered, so you can hope for bug fixes and some more content in the future."
,Recommended,252450,15312678,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,danielstakhovskiy,"This review is actually negative, but I still recommend the game... I never liked real-time 4x games, but SD 1 really changed my mind. I really loved SD 1, I think it was absolutely the best space 4x of last years. So I bought SD 2 without any thinking and even not reading the description, I just knew it will be fantastic, and feel that I never was so wrong...I have found that game is TURN-BASED, and I think this was worst decision ever, sorry. You have to find another name for the game if you changing so much, because SD 2 feels absolutelly different and destroying all the magic which I felt in SD 1. In SD 1 I have seen universe which is alive and realistic with all those ships slowly moving to new stars. But, must say it again, I had to read before buying and this is why I can't blame developers, just very sad that so great game will not get proper sequel and I have to play SD 1 again or wait for something else.Other than that game looks nice, but not polished enough (especially UI), in time it may become a good turn-based 4x space game..."
76561198021884011,Recommended,252450,17786239,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,xxx,It's basically Master of Orion 2 on steroids. I haven't experienced any stability or crashing problem. It's rock solid. I highly recommend it for anyone who played the original Moo2.
76561198007774131,Recommended,252450,15483797,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,databus,Very good game that has already provided me with many hours of enjoyment.  Everything is not perfect but what it delivers is addictive and very fun.   Replay value is much higher than many other games so that alone makes it a worthwhile get.  I was also glad to see the Star Trek mod becoming avialable so quickly.   Stability has not been a problem for me at all.  There are some bugs and balance things but those have been relatively minor and the developer appears to be making an honest effort at avoiding the mistakes made on the first stardrive.  When I've ran into something I've found the answers I needed quickly in the forum.   So if you are looking for a 4x game don't be afraid to take a chance on Stardrive 2.
,Recommended,252450,16070010,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,adam,"This is a wonderful game in the old moo2 way of play, but designing ships can be rather intensive to learn."
,Recommended,252450,16101398,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Gorthag,"Fun game, the combination of ship design and mutually exclusive tech trees creates interesting strategic options.  Could do with some balancing and polish, the AI has to cheat blatantly at a strategic level to present a challenge.  Regardless, have put 25+ hours in easily so those are only minor complaints."
76561197970717548,Recommended,252450,15344901,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Trifler,This game has a lot going for it. The ship design is excellent.
,Recommended,252450,15881712,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Artemis,"The games basically MOO2 (Master of Orion 2) under a different company and with updated graphics. It's pretty decent as far as 4x games go, and there really hasn't been a good one since MOO2, *and no Galactic Civ is terrible*.What i have played I have enjoyed, it has everything you could want in your typical 4x game and the game is still in development.What I will point out is what I feel is missing or dislike.* Story frame of reference - So many of these games are just > load game > load race > start. What would be nice would be some more depth to the history of the races and the galaxy itself, add to the immersion of the game.* Not a fan of the ship design UI, feels very clunky and doesn't really match the feel of the rest of the game, some people might like tediously placing 1 tile at a time when making their ship designs but its basically lego on an established blueprint. The whole system could be completely redone in my opinion. *hint hint, MOO2's design screen worked well*. Also with regards to upgrading/refitting/redesigning ships if they stick to the clunky model, have a way to sort weapons and equipment by technology level and stats.* More depth for your *not Antaran* incursion race, and fix the dimensional portal. It's bugged three times now in my games and cannot access it even though it says ""go explore it"".* More race traits and customisation options.* More anomalies and galactic events, as well as more unique planetary anamolies.The game is really good, and it has a huge amount of potential. I would recommend it to players."
76561198025706600,Recommended,252450,15720359,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cryos,"this will be short but I want tog ive my two cents in.I know people were clamoring for a multiplayer aspect to be added but in all honesty I don't know how it would work, especially with waiting for real time battles to finish up, unless all real time battles happen at the end of a turn which can seriously derail someone's strategy even moreso if other players are allowed to do things while a real time battle is going on.Stardrive 1 was fun but it had issues, primarily with the bland proceduraly generated race descirptions and while a fully real time setup was a novel idea it presented too many issues to work around vs the traditional 4X turn based game. AS it stands, making Stardrive 2 into an equivalent of ""Total War in Space"" was probably the best idea, yest you can't reinforce fleets in battle anymore but at least the game kept it's staple of real time combat scenarios to help it stand out.My only major compaints with the game are as follows: the lack of victory conditions and no sandbox ship editor. There's no turn limit (at least not that I've found) and no other way to win excepyt total military conquest. I'd like to see a return of the ""ascendence"" victory from the first Stardrive as well as diplomatic or science based victory options. As for the second, I want to be able to experiment with ship designs freely outside the game and, most importantly, figure out wxactly what layouts each of ships for each race have, I want to say I love that each races' ship has a unique style and design to it that is more than just aesthetics but even with that I can't help but wonder how it will affect my ship designing when I can't figure out ahead of time which ship layout I prefer.Only get this game if you understand what you're walking into, it plays Total War in Space and I love total war, this isn't quite it but it's the best attempt I've yet seen. Is this the best game since ""master of orion 2"" in the 4X sapce genre... well I can't say. The overall space based gameplay is msotly the same between each series but I will say I much prefer the real time space combat over the turn based space combat I've seen in every other Master of Orion successor. And kudos to finding a way to make ""creative"" both overpowered but hideously difficult to use, it's still the best trait in the game though and it almsot triples your research speed, I just with the penalty and bonus limits were higher or adjustable iun single player"
,Recommended,252450,16060251,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,truckerpunk,"If you liked Masters of Orion II, you'll love this game.Great graphics, easy to use UI, and most important; deep and engaging gameplay.The developer is constantly updating the game content, making it better and better aswe go.Would recommend to any TBS-4X-fan!"
76561198053782047,Recommended,252450,15292382,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dharma,"The game is totally awesome! SD2 is likely to become my favorite 4x game. I enjoyed playing SD1, but this is a whole new level.My impressions:- Turn-based strategic mode is far better than ""real-time"" SD1. Everyhting is kinda easier to manage.- Art is beautiful.- Random stuff that you can explore if you don't feel like exterminating the galaxy ATM.- Ground combat: well, frankly specking I didn't like the way it was implemented. It seems to be another game of singificantly lower quality unfortunately. But the game has an option to autoresolve, so that's not a major issue.- Difficulty. Don't take me wrong, I like when the game is a challenge, but the difficulty here is nearly absurd. I started on easy level to learn game mechanics (though already being familiar with the game thorught videos) and the enemies kicked my♥♥♥♥♥almost immediately. I did almost okay in the second game, but still this is a bit ridiculous: easy should not be hardcore. Things here go significantly more difficult than in playthroughs of beta (with quite reasonable balance).- Space combat and ship design is awesome. Just nothing more to say here, great job. Just a small issue with selection (sometimes selector doesn't respond to mouse) and inability to set the engagement range for several ships at once.- Diplomacy is transparent, as promised. But I hate the moment when some guys want some of your techs, want to trade, but their tolerance to you isn't enough to take anything of the same value from them. And after I dismiss the deal they become angry that I refused to trade with them. What a nuisance... Hope that will be fixed, because it really spoils your diplomacy.- Game runs smooth. I remember late-game lag of SD1 and I was afraid to find the same problem here. But no, everything is fine.I encountered some bugs in the first release, but Zero fixed them in a couple of hours after the report. Some minor issues exist, but they are rare. Had to reload the game once because build queue went crazy and also found the remnants stuck because their wormhole dissapeared. Nothing serious so far.So, 9/10 from me."
76561197969931743,Recommended,252450,15878266,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,l.emmerdeur,"I haven't played through a full game yet, just toyed around with the early game tech tree and production paths. So far, I have had a blast. I was one of those wary of this endeavor, as I was disappointed that the campaign in SD1 was never really fleshed out and completed, and all sorts of issues were never addressed.SD2 is a hundred times more fun and engaging than Beyond Earth, and at half the price, too."
,Recommended,252450,16104936,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,black_dragon74,"Stardrive 2 is an unapologetic Master of Orion clone that seeks to stay true to the classic standard of space 4X games. Besides a great number of direct references (Kulrathi? Really?) mechanics, buildings, and technologies taken directly from Master of Orion 2, there are more subtle parallels such as the occasional menace of the ""Masters"", which appears from sudden and inexplicable rifts to harass you for no apparent reason and give you problems in case you're not busy fighting anybody.And surprisingly, it stacks up pretty well. The array of different races are colorful and the differences between them are substantial. The space combat is fun, and expansion requires difficult and meaningful choices.Two areas in which Stardrive surpasses Orion is in ship design and diplomacy. When making ships, you don't just decide on modules and heap them onto a ship until some arbitrary ""mass limit"" is reached. Rather, ships each have a footprint, and modules - which include everything from weapons to engines to less obviously useful ""capacitors"" take up space, energy, and have mass, which slows the ship down. There are a lot of implications resulting from this, but the simplest is that you can choose to focus on speed, defense, or firepower without having specific technologies specifically suited to each area. Just pile on more armor, more engines, or bigger guns. Diplomacy is quite streamlined, with each offer being given a straight value that needs to be matched or exceeded for the deal to go through. Meanwhile, a species ""tolerance level"" keeps you from making very large deals, which is a very interesting and thoughtful cap on inter-empire trading.Other areas in Stardrive 2 fall a bit short of their promise. Ground combat consists of a clunky lineup of a handful of soldiers in simple, turn-based combat, and it's quite hard to imagine such small and low-octane encounters deciding the ownership of entire planets. The technology tree also seems a bit stunted, and could use a few tiers that only offer one technology to research; some very important technologies simply should be acquired as a matter of course, such as battleships and terraforming. Nobody would seriously give up a larger ship footprint for a larger starbase or improved armor plating. It's also strange that there's only one ship footprint for each ship size, which changes from species to species. It's hardly unthinkable that ships built for different purposes would have different basic frames, but we have to settle for simply filling them with different modules. Also missing from Stardrive is a government system; all races apparently have the same system of managing their empires, modified by their species. Finally, BUGS. Lots of bugs. And not in the sense of an insectoid, hive-mind species (curiously, the Klackons didn't make it into this MOO clone). Things like ships suddenly taking on the appearance of other species' ships, fleets vanishing, sometimes being unable to name new ship designs, and - my favorite - being assaulted by an enemy race and then being given control of their troopers while the computer controls my soldiers. None of them are game-breaking, but you're not going to get through the game without finding a few of your own.There are a lot of other things that could have simply used MORE. The planet types are stripped straight from MOO (toxic, radiated, barren, desert, all the way to gaia) with no interesting new alien-ish worlds on offer. There are neat little mini-quests and mysterious objects in space to explore, but they're exactly the same from game to game and quickly run out. Space combat is a lot of fun, but ships could use more tactical settings other than ""frontal attack/broadside"" and ""sit in place/move"". There's an engagement zone setting, but the blasted thing resets from encounter to encounter, so if you have a preferred setting (plasma cannons are infamously useless at long range) you have to reset it in each new combat. And as far as I can tell, there are no sudden galactic events that affect all players equally, such as space monsters or subspace shutdowns. A missed opportunity.That said, Stardrive 2 is still a great game, and stacks up to its ancestor admirably. But I'll be looking ahead to StarDrive 3 (and hope that in that respect it is NOT like Master of Orion)."
,Recommended,252450,15487143,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DodgerRoger,"Another of the Futuristic Galaxy Empire building games, I only picked this up a couple of weeks ago and from what I can tell it seems to be one of the better ones (if not the best for space combat).There are a few rough edges, the ground combat looks and behaves quite poorly compared to that in space. For the larger space battles you'd need a beast of a pc to run it on maximum settings and the lack of multiplayer is another weakness.Though for those who enjoy this genre, I can't help but recommend it, if only for the space combat, design and of course the Owlwoks! ;)"
76561197987301516,Recommended,252450,15666223,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,barkogy,"When I was playing this game at first time, I would rate it ""very good"". This is the game you will like if you prefer MOO2. Research and colony management is about the same. Strategic map and ship movement is similar. Troop ships, freighters, construction ship (MOO2: outpost ship) are there, with a little of twist. Your construction ship can build a few things. We have resources also, similarly to Endless Space. If you have 4 of them, having additional advantages.Problems I have seen:1) If you play it again, start to be boring.Build the largest ships always and win all battles2) DiplomacyTolerance is very low, since all races are in war with youPractically permanent war, this game is just about simply wipe out all other racesIrrational diplomacy management, very week races go to war with you then sit and wait to be killed3) SpiesVery slow progressBut expensive upkeep4) Construction shipSubspace Projector accelerate the ship not too much, need to build many projectors in a row or what?5) Ground combatHuge potential in this piece but space for improvement.Hard to discriminate between soldiers hit points…overlappingSimple movesDumb AICannot build walls or trenches or fortAll weapons and shields, etc. are available since the beginning…you can win with the basic setWeapons you can research worse than the original ones (until research the rocket launcher)Healing of groundtroops....how?All in all, I recommend this game but can see opportunities to improve it."
76561198014844931,Not Recommended,252450,16514438,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Alone in the Dork,Play star ruler.  Seriously.  This game sucks.
76561198006994841,Recommended,252450,16927831,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,thesaladman,"Great 4X game. Massive size for everything. Custom ship design and tech research. Comical Diplomacy interaction. Still has a few bugs, but overall a very good job."
76561198020890087,Recommended,252450,16967620,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,WeGeek,"Ill start with $30 is a little pricey for all the faults this game has.. HOWEVER it does have sever good things going that should make this game be on your pick up list.-Ship Customization is amazing. Many different weapons and upgrades. At times almost too much! I found myself designing ships and thinking ""OH! I want that on here too!"" lol-You dont have a real restriction on how many ships can be in combat at one time. One play through I found myself sending what I thought was a large fleet with several Titan size (Largest ship available) ships into a star system to encounter an enemy fleet. When we got into combat I found I was out numbered like 6 to 1. This DOES cause problems performance wise. I have a very good PC and still had bad issues. It wouldnt start till all the ships began firing.Some weapons like the cluster cannon shoots a projectile that bursts into several peices before impact. When 40 ships are all firing different projectiels performance just plumets.I realize this sounds pretty negative, thats my only real issue with the game. Past that you have several interesting side type quests that spin things and keep you wanting to just run ""one more turn. The modding community for this game isnt large but I have seen several on their forums that make this game even deeper as far as features go. Which is crazy!With steam allowing refunds now for games played under 2 hours I highly suggest you check it out. Its work it"
76561198030794202,Recommended,252450,16986689,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,gastoj3,"StarDrive 2 is so much fun - it feels like a much newer version of Master of Orion and totally worth it. After 127 hours I definitely haven't explored the entire game, but I do feel like I've exhausted most of the appeal. Hopefully they'll fix a few of the things below and then it will be even more awesome.***Things I've liked about it***You can customize your ships by placing individual components onto the hull at different locations, and you have to consider the cost, power, weight, size, and hitpoints of different systems. Not all the components are the same size/shape, either, so designing a ship is a lot of fun.In battle, ships acceleration matters - you can't accelerate to maximum speed instantaneously and can't turn immediately either.There are many styles of weapon - beam weapons with essentially infinite speed (but still limited range), artillery with long range but no guidance after they're launched, and rockets with good range that home on enemits, plus many, many other weapons and/or variants.Ground combat is interesting and doesn't feel contrived - there are lots of different weapons, and the units have actual coordinates during ground combat, allowing for more strategy.You can customize your race at the beginning based on whether you want to boost research, production, combat, and lots of other things. Each race also has a few race-specific technologies and/or abilities that can't be customized and add a little more flavor.The tech tree is interesting because there are several branches that are independent. Also, each branch has tiers of three technologies where you can only research one of those three technologies before moving on to the next tier. This leaves you to get it from another race (by trade, extortion, spying, or assimilation), or to live without it.***Things I don't like about it***The battle arena prepares you for a much harder game than this actually is. Once you design a sufficiently good ship to win the battle arena, that ship is probably roughly 12 times as powerful as another AI ship of similar cost, and then the normal game gets pretty easy (you can build no military, wait for them to declare war on you, and then quickly build a ship to wipe out their entire fleet by the time they arrive). The way that I'd like this to be fixed would be for the AI to more clearly pay attention to the kinds of ships that it knows/expects that you have, and to build ships designed to beat those ships. I'd also like for it to design slightly better ships in the first place.StarDrive 2 has the same problem as lots of empire-building games where as your empire grows, it takes more time to micromanage all of it if you feel that urge. Unfortunately, if you don't assign a planet to build anything then it doesn't build anything, and the game doesn't remind you that some planets aren't building anything. There are notifications when a planet finishes building its latest building, but sometimes those notifications dissapear if other things are happening in that turn too. The way I'd like this to be fixed is first for the turn to not allow ending if planets are idle, and second to allow the user to set a default build order that planets follow if they have no planet-specific orders.The AI doesn't know how to evaluate the ships that I build. When I try to autoresolve a battle, the AI is much more likely to favor the opponent than if I were to actually fight the battle. That's understantable, but it's unfortunate when combined with a bug where in some battles (perhaps 2%), if you click to fight the battle then there never appears the button to actually start the battle, and the game is then stuck. Usually this can be fixed if I reload the game from a save, but not always.When forming a team for ground combat (which is a lot of fun (unlike what I expected); good job guys!), sometimes characters will be designated as starting the battle with fewer than their maximum hitpoints. This can be reproduced if you have two preset loadouts, one having the Bone Weave attribute and one without it. The steps are 1. Restore the character's equipment from one preset loadout. 2. Restore the character's equipment from the next preset loadout. 3. Toggle the presence of the Bone Weave attribute by clicking manually. Note that now the character's starting hitpoints has adjusted by 20 (positive or negative depending on which way around the loop you went). It looks like someone else noticed this athttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=422949843and was even able to make a unit whose starting hitpoints was negative (presumably by going around the loop three times)The zooming could be a bit smoother - I wish that the zoom would spend less time animating and instead would adjust more quickly.Sometimes colony ships will get stuck on the strategy map and won't respect orders to colonize the planet that they are at, but if you tell them to move away from the planet and move back to that planet then they are willing to colonize it.The AI's don't have as good of an alignment between their diplomatic goals and strategic goals as I'd like them to have. Mostly it feels weird that they tell you upfront how much they value each technology, but they don't adjust their valuations based on circumstances. I've been able to give some unimportant economic technology to an enemy who was about to take one or two of my four planets in exchange for a peace treaty that bought me more than enough time to build up a much bigger army. The AI diplomacy doesn't really bother me that much since it's a very hard problem, but it's still another opportunity for improvement.In some special-mission ground combat battles (but none of the important planet-taking or planet-defending ones - don't worry) , the zoom prevents the leftmost column of squares from being visible, so I can't select my units and therefore can't fight :("
76561198141115899,Recommended,252450,21573000,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,k_medlock,"StarDrive 2 is a great sci-fi strategy game and in my opinion one of the greatest sci-fi strategy games out there.I had and still have a lot of fun, when playing this very awesome game."
76561198079555613,Recommended,252450,19581770,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Frogman,"I have only one real problem with this game, the enemy gets a massive fleet to start with and out number you every time, I would like to see that fixed. Other than that this game is great, it has a great combat system and a great ship custimization system, it allows you to rename your ship and is pretty easy to pick up. I would absolutly recommend this game to all those who like to fight space battles and who like to play 4X games."
76561198130078331,Recommended,252450,19488045,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,WrathofGods,"I am a huge fan of Stardrive. The gameplay is awesome and the controls are simple. Unfortunately, ever since the update to Unity 5 it moves the window so that the top half of the game is on the bottom half of the screen. I would love nothing more than to continue playing, but can't until this is fixed. Otherwise it is an amazing game."
76561198007753425,Recommended,252450,19676152,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Slider834,"I was able to pick up this little gem for $10 on a steam sale.  I played for about 100 hours and enjoyed the game thoroughly.  It may not be as grand as some 4x's but it is well made and worth what I paid.  As of today the developer is still active and fixing some of bugs in sporadic patches.  He apparently is working on new DLC or version.  I didn't seem to encounter or notice any bugs in my gameplay hours.  I had no crashes, just the program slowing some as I conquired every planet in the galaxy.I played the humans during my play, other alien races are available and will be encountered and negotated and fought with.  The gameplay is not complex but has similiar depth to the old master of orion series.  Space combat is real-time that can be paused.  Ground combat is representative and turn based.  Difficulty can be selected from easy on up.  There is minor races to conquer and you can, if you wish, enslave other alien races to speed population growth and production.The game captured enough complexity and depth of gameplay to hold my interest (not the easiest task since I own hundreds of steam games)....researching that next beam weapon or device to bombard the enemy planets with.  Perhaps, building new ships variants which are more powerful and faster.  Something always kept me engaged.  Ignore the board trolls, for some reason this particular steam board was inundated with them? Most have had nonsensical arguments or some wacky agenda now that I've actually played and seen the product for myself.I would recommend giving this title a try for anything under $20 US dollars."
,Recommended,252450,19494177,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Azdle,"The AI knows where and what you are doing the entire time. You move ships/people/troops it knows it and will attack weak spots because it has better intel than you. Skills are pretty much none important and not to many things to research for your empire. All in all it seems like a half built game still. I will recommend this game only if it is on sell, other then that just wait."
76561198040905964,Recommended,252450,15443205,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,morp,"Game is great!!!It's back!I don't believe it.It's back....MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 2 is back.!!!Back with a vengeance! Mixed in with XCOM and Stardrive. Awesome!Finally somebody, has been able to fill Steve Barcia shoes. Cudos to ""Daniel DiCicco"".This is a thinking person's game.Don't change anything with the AI. It's great.It's tough at first but that forces you to analyze what you're doing wrong.This... THIS kicks your brain around and forces you to analyze your strategic thinking.There's no cheating by the game that I can tell going on here.Everything is out there in the open and logical.You must study.You must observe.You must remember.You can study your opponents equipment on their ships before you go into battle.The man has written and entire holographic simulator to test and evaluate how all the equipment you're researching works.  And most importantly how that equipment works with other techs added on.I get the same old lost in the game feeling here as I did with MOO2.And the same: ""Just one more turn"" syndrome as well.It's like I've just met an old friend!Live long and prosper mates, Ciao!"
76561198007131056,Recommended,252450,22449975,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Valdr Galga,"With comparing this game to other 4x titles, i would strongly reccomend it.Pros:1) Very challenging AI in the early game2) Good ship designer3) Random events4) Good Graphic5) Space battles6) Overall game experience is very inspiring7) developer work on bug fixesCons:1) Passive AI in the late game (this is my main concern)2) Pollution level in colony can't be monitored3) Ground special mission tactical combats not needed here"
76561197963657733,Recommended,252450,15425150,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,greywulf99,I like the game and hope that the continued patches just help make it even better.
76561198042298124,Recommended,252450,15346673,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,FFSWolfie5,"So far, pretty fun.I enjoy the turn-based breakdown of this game. In the first Stardrive, it was not uncommon for me to forget about one of the many moving parts of my empire and accidentally stagnate somewhere. The turn breakdown helps me keep track of everything and manage my empire more effectively. All the old familiar faces are back, plus one new race. To be honest I hoped there would be more and a little more variety in the AI personalities, so far everyone just wants to go to war with me.I like the inclusion of extra events going on in space, it's just hard to go and investigate some of the phenomena I encounter when everyone around me wants to go to war.There are some bugs though. Mostly sound bugs and they'll destroy your eardrums if you're not careful! I have my audio set at 4 freaking percent and the music played when I discover a new technology could wake the dead! The sound effect of a fleet exploding is also ear-splittingly loud and the beam weapons used by the crystal shard ships are also set to deafening volumes. I noticed many of the space battle sound effects are turned up far above everything else in the game.I also noticed a bug! Sometimes when I complete a space battle, the game freezes while loading the turn.So far, yes I'd reccomend the game. It's fun and can be pretty challenging. (First game I played I spawned in the center of the galaxy with no colonizable planets nearby and was surrounded by warlords who want my stuff.)TL/DR: IF YOU DO WANNA GET AND PLAY THIS GAME TAKE YOUR HEADPHONES OFF!!! That's my only warning! Some sounds will break your ears! Otherwise is great game! Lots of fun! I will be updating this review as I play!"
76561197977044837,Recommended,252450,15498575,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,girakul,"I would enjoy the game a lot more if it was less buggy, it has some great potential, and everyone who played Master of Orion 2 will enjoy it. In my opinion the company is not doing enough to get the bugs fixed as soon as possible, and they should start working hard on this part by fixing their bug reporting forum system, I can't even upload a screen shot..."
76561198011927750,Recommended,252450,15491318,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,4verse,plays very similar to master of orion 2 (very similar mechanics). some things are missing though (like death stars). i enjoy playing it very much
76561198040783807,Recommended,252450,15490440,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Apollo,"I have over 80 hours in. It the closest thing, I have found to Master of Orion 2 which is a good thing.Love the graphic and enjoy playing the game but to me it lacks depth. There needs to be a valid reason to use the late game weapon tech, diplomacy need to be more viable, and espionage is a joke.Its a good game that is lacking.The good news is the developer is working on improving the game and he look to be open to suggestions"
76561197966292642,Recommended,252450,15469058,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,fluffy,"Really enjoying it so far, a few minor gripes but Zero the developer seems to be pushing out a patch per day balancing the game and fixing issues. The tech tree is a little too thin for my liking and missing some of the techs in Moo2 that gave variety and choice in strategy. That said I haven't put in enough hours yet to reallly comment too much."
76561198019785389,Recommended,252450,15491288,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Griffen,Great Game and was worth the wait. I will admit the ai kicked my butt the first like ten times i played. I was not used to such an aggressive ai so it kinda made me mad BUT it would not be a fun game if you dont have to use your brain. Its nice to see such a well done game. Im already excited to see what expansions Zero comes out with. If you dont have this game buy it now and you wont regret it.
76561197970578799,Not Recommended,252450,15296430,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[BST] Blocko,"Star Drive 1 is still a lot better this this new one! and star drive 1 is unfinished!I wouldnt recommend this game at all, stay away it feels rushed with lots missing.AI needs a lot of tweeking and the random events are just crazy at times, the new combat is just rubbish and feels so slow.SD1 wasnt turn based and worked very well SD2 is turn based and it kills it, the tech tree is pointless and you have linited starships!! (no joke)It looks good and not once have i crashed....but thats the only good thing i can say about this!"
,Recommended,252450,15339767,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"Big Fan of Space 4X Games, StarDrive 2 is very good very much same kind of 4x games you see inSins of a Solar Empire Rebellion and Distant Worlds Universelike to see more DLC to see where the game can head"
76561197975603364,Recommended,252450,15498398,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sveny,"Massive improvement on Star Drive, if designing ships and testing them combat appeals to you its a must have.  it has the opposite approach of endless space, it has complex ship design and tactical combat, while the empire managment has a bit less shine.In all i would say its enjoyable in its current state, but it still needs a fair bit of polish, it just dosent feel finished to me. In fairness It has extremly small development team which to its credit is still working very passionatly on the game.In particuar the empire managment part dosent feel quite right, it misses something that makes expanding past the mid game a bit bland for me.  The ground combat is quiet tedious in its current form, though it shows alot of potenital. The AI still needs some serious attention.but watching your brand new battleship firing a rolling broad sides at hostile invaders while despratly trying to shoot down incoming missels, and that sinking feeling you should have forgone some of those cannons for extra flak, and armour makes the game. im happy to support the micro team which is zero sum games."
76561198015905047,Recommended,252450,15340025,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mudman,"I'll keep it short and sweet. This game s a true spiritua successor to Master of Orion 2.If the reader is concerned about the early-game difficulty mentioned in the few negative reviews, a patch has now added a slider and check-box option to dial it down."
76561198008237210,Recommended,252450,15434379,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Andarin,This Game is one of the best 4X Games i ever played and have been addicted to it since i bought it.i highly recomend it
76561197970728979,Recommended,252450,15439224,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,spitfire_ch,"At first, I was a little confused because other than the races, techs and graphics SD2 doesn't have much in common with SD1 - it's a completely different kind of game. Sure, there are features you'll miss if you played SD1, but SD2 offers so many other gems instead! I got completely hooked, the ""just one more turn"" addiciton is right there. I have to admit: I started the game on easy after having read some reviews regarding the hellish degree of difficulty. On easy, it's fine. For a first play through, it's still challenging, but certainly not unfair.Overall, I really enjoy this game and highly recommend it, if you are into not overly complicated 4x games. If you like Sword of the Stars, you'll also like Stardrive II.Oh, and if you like certain books by James S.A. Corey: this game even features the vomit zombies. You ever wanted to let loose the protomolecule? Feel free to do so :)"
,Not Recommended,252450,31934865,Posted: 24 May,all,Sometimes Samurai,"I tried to like it, but the artwork is just too goofy for me and the game itself (except for combat) feels like a pared down version of GC3. I never ran into any bugs, but I had a hard time enjoying the game since the scope seems so personal and limmited."
76561198008429575,Recommended,252450,21797392,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ferret70,"This is a fun, humorous spiritual descendent of MOO2"
76561198038943797,Not Recommended,252450,22240568,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,aultridia,"A definite downgrade over the original StarDrive.  Managing your planets/production takes an incredible amount of mind-numbing micro management and cruft work. The game is no longer real time, which makes everything drag even more. The game is also buggy as hell.  The AI doesn't work and every so often one of your fleets will just randomly disappear . This game also has the distinction of making my computer completely lock-up & require a hard-reset, which hasn't happened to me in years."
76561198035632819,Not Recommended,252450,22189350,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Haymaker,Has an awsome concept; however it fails to deliver.
76561198031235030,Not Recommended,252450,22947455,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lee,Game balance is way off.
,Recommended,252450,23006829,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"So far, I'm in love with this game. It's a hell lot of micro management, but that's how I like it. The only bland parts are the ground combat and the cheap ""buy the expanssion"" add. Other than that, I look forward to play this.Will update this review when I'm 20-30 hrs into the game.Will buy the DLC, eventually."
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,252450,18528970,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Flopy,Not as fun as stardrive I.* Arena feels incompletely and at beta stage* Even ship hulls are much the same how you can fit ships have changed.* No more in game real time war. (Liked it much in stardrive i)If you have stardrive I.. its not worth to invest to this.
76561198006576674,Recommended,252450,15752260,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,tj.imagineer,B+ good game still needs some of the bugs to be worked out. Also a diplomatic victory and a science or boss victory would be good. Cloest to Master of Orion 2 yet which is awesome.
,Recommended,252450,21736108,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,[HOT] Hermano,"Dlc wont pass load after 3%   , im sad!"
,Recommended,252450,22509464,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,DarkNicademis,"Good game with interesting ship design, fun space combat and challenging AI.  Absolutely get the expansion (Sector Zero),  it streamlines ground combat. adds new content and restructures space into sectors (very good improvement).  Enjoy."
76561197978058103,Recommended,252450,22430548,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Axel2191,"There are a lot of bugs in this game. I am not a fan of how the ground combat works now. I think it shouldn't take more than a turn to resolve it. The singularity gun says its a ""massive"" weapon, but it takes up 4 squares. There are all sorts of other problems too. Yet, I still really enjoy this game. Please keep working hard on it. The game has some very rough edges, but I want to play it."
76561198028256719,Recommended,252450,15398341,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bl00dasp,"I was a huge fan of Star Drive 1. so when Star Drive 2 came out i immediatly bought it without too much research into the game. This gamble payed off many times over.i have seen a few revews saying ""the game is unbalanced and the AI cheats"" it is true the early game can be hard if you run into the chuckk or the vulfar too early and you dont pay them tribiute but this is a STRATAGY game hence you need to use the right stratagey to combalt diffrent situations.there are a few ways that SD2 is diffrent from SD1. some being that individule modules cant get destoryed only the quadrents they use (front, left, right, back and core). also ship battles arnt in the same place as battles are. in SD1 missile silos on a planet could help out in a battle raging overhead while now only the underpowerd star base and its upgrades can be used to soak a little damage. there are of corse some interesting new additions as well like the wormholes, the diffrent star spreads (eg. random, clusters, spiral) andthe new race the chukk the vicious ruthless insects.However. this game is not bug free. two such examples are how at random you will be put in charge of enemy ground troops and vice versa. and the game looks like its going to crash whenever it loads to 66% but thenreturns to normalover all i give Star Drive 2 a 9.3/10 Because the game is made by 1 person (with help for art and music) but mainly 1 person. if this game wee to be made by a AAA, we could only imagine what this game would be like."
76561198133592920,Recommended,252450,28257349,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Christoph,"If StarDrive 2 had some lesser bugs, some more techs in the tech tree and maybe 1 or 2 more playable races it would be a really great MOO2 successor!"
76561198013487642,Recommended,252450,21031390,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,vezon,"I don't know why people dislike this game.It has nothing special about it, it doesn't stand out with anything, but still its a nice, simple, enjoyable 4x game.If I compare with the latest alternatives, this came out best. Sorry but GalCiv3 was a huge letdown, StarRuler for me its a bad design making that game realtime, EndlessSpace meh.The economics is mostly Moo2 with a strategic resource twist.The ship design are fine but the batlles beside being really goodlooking it has not too much to it, it's bare minimum, lacks control options.Bugs, not to many or groundbreaking, this game is in much better shape than SoS2 after 4 years after release.I would give this game an  8/10 just because the alternatives are scars and weak."
76561197977161968,Not Recommended,252450,21941041,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Serrak,"I really wanted to like this game, it harkens back to the era of MoO2, unfortunately the constand bugs and game lock ups meant that the game is not playable, I have yet to complete a game without the game crashing.There are two main bugs from my perspective that are making this game unplayabe, the first a game play issue, but has far reaching consequences and the second is game stopping.1) Constantly mis-reporting the number of command points being used, 1 colony ship can suddenly use up to 20 command points.2) Screen locking up in the loading screen when exiting a battle.Another bug :(3) fleets and resources not being visible on the main map, not game breaking but anoying"
76561198091555669,Not Recommended,252450,22253515,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tristeyyn,I have this game since a year and was content but because of the new DLC i can't play the game. i don't want the DLC i just want to play the normal game. i paid for this game which i cant play anymore
76561198058602980,Recommended,252450,20576248,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,captnwinky,"This game is very fun! I have played through it a few time,but it is very buggy. It locks up a lot and is virtually unplayable when you face large fleets."
76561198040054799,Recommended,252450,20613404,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ronaldkirkuk,Okay so when I first purchased the game many months ago and played my first rounds I was not impressed. Now that the bugs have been fixed and the content is sharper this game is really fun and has great depth. There could be a few things to make it even better like the UI screen of the planets where you can see trade ships and commerece ships flying around just to make the world come alive even more. I am sure the developer will be adding that later becuase I have seen so many changes and additions over the past year and all of the have been great.
76561198029274297,Recommended,252450,20779312,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,technoxan01,"Some bugs and far from perfect. But actually, I really do enjoy this game even with its quirks. I say it is worth it, the customization alone is quite amazing."
,Recommended,252450,16780038,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,WeirdoCat,There is something wrong with my game when i get into the game i see the pictures and that fun stuff but the loading thingy wont appear can anyone help??
76561197970216820,Recommended,252450,17587578,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Jim,"This game is the closest to the feel of MOO2 of any other space 4x I've played.Graphics, sound and interface are all first class in my opinion, especially the screens when interacting with alien races.Lots of atmosphere and flavour to the game, the random events (such as one of your arctic planets founding a ski resort), are nice little touches that help give the game it's own personality.The space combat is fun, it's good to see your latest weapon making mincemeat of an enemy fleet, plus as it's real time the battles are over fairly quickly so you don't get bogged down.The land battles have potential, but they aren't up to the same standard as the space battles.Bear in mind this is entirely a war focused game; the alien races are very aggressive and at the moment there is no option to form alliances with a race.You can make a non aggression pact but at best this just buys you some time before you will need to fight that empire.If treated as a ""Total War in space"" type game it's really good. To stand up better against other 4x's I think an expansion may be needed to expand on the non-combat aspects of the game, such as wider diplomancy options and perhaps improved espionage."
76561198110999078,Recommended,252450,15898701,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,borzol,Great strategy game. Best part is that you can design your own ships. There are still few bugs in shipyard but i hope they fix it soon because making ship is fun but pain in the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198061546629,Recommended,252450,15905512,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SilverScrub,Starts game as Vulfargets rushed by Ryloth Theocracystarts new game as Kulrathigets class II shields from a leader 50 turns inconquers Ryloth using 3 shipsconquers everyone else via nuking them from orbit10/10 would raze planets again
,Recommended,252450,15911105,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dread Flint,"Has a bunch of bugs still, but the Dev is working hard to balance it properly!  I would love to see lots more content implemented, and I think the Dev is planning to do just that."
,Recommended,252450,15917388,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,"Testiclees the Mighty, Ph.D.","If you are a child of the early 80's or late 70's, you may remember Master's of Orion II. It was, for lack of a better term, a masterpiece. The graphics were worse than the modern game FTL, but at the time that was the standard. And in this game, that didn't matter: You were the commander of a space empire with distinct characteristics. You designed spaceships, sent them into battle, researched exciting new technologies, and negotiated with other empires for exchange of goods, technologies and money.The Good: Stardrive II is a modern reinvention of that game. It does nothing to reinvent the 4X genre, but the execution is the closest thing to the old Masters of Orion II that any game has in recent history. Trust me, I've played them all. This game gets some things brilliantly right, however: Turns play out at a pace you set, either calculated and one at a time, or mash the turn button and let it run for a few turns. Space combat is semi-real time, while ground combat is turn based. Outside of certain scenarios, they are also auto-calculable, which is nice at times-- Battle can feel slowly paced, and skipping it can be appealing.The Bad: The game is also riddled with bugs and poor interface decisions. Hero's skills, like ""Bloodthirsty,"" which allows a hero to gain passive governing bonuses for every enemy defeated in ground combat, doesn't work at all. Loot, which gives you bonus BC (money) doesn't either. Occaisional crashes happen, and the game doesn't support multi-monitors or borderless windows. Ground combat is also tedious, and it can be easy to make an uncorrectable mistake that costs you a battle due to the poor interface.MOO Fans will enjoy the fact that most of the old species play style can be recreated, despite certain traits not being present in the default characteristics. Creativity, for example, allows you to research every technology in a tier, just like MOO2 Psilons-- but requires taking a lot of negative traits to achieve, like low gravity homeworld.I can't say that this game will be appealing to a newer audience. But if you loved MOO2, you'll love Stardrive 2."
76561197977744657,Recommended,252450,15900824,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MagicSquid,"Equal parts frustration and glorious triumph. 4/5, would frustrate again."
76561198024044668,Recommended,252450,17805383,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,denstjames,I really like it so far. Its not a perfect game but I have not had any serious glitches. I am running this on windows 10 also. i saw a post saying that it did not run under windows 10 right after I bought while it was downloading and was thinking I was going to have to request a refund but its worked perfectly.The ground combat can be a little clunky and not everything is explained but I like the questing system and the tech tree where you have to make choices on what tech you want rather than having a static tree where you get everything and you always know the best path.The combat system is pretty good also. I have played some 4x games where you have run every action and some that are just viewers while this one takes the best of both. You design your ships to do a function and then in combat you can pick targets in real time and pause it but do not have to micro manage each action each ship is going to take so you can have large fleets.
76561198003946375,Recommended,252450,18484833,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BarociusGrimaldi,"One thing I find odd about some of the negative reviews is the fact that these fellows have 80+ hours of gameplay... Obviously, we've got some sort of love-hate relationship going on here.Anyway, the game has it's bugs and problems so if you consider yourself impatient, don't buy it.One additional thing I recommend is trying out one of the mods on the stardrive forum.A well done 4x game that can be rough around the edges."
76561197981452937,Recommended,252450,15290561,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kinza,Some bugs here and there.Fun to play though
76561197998382853,Recommended,252450,15304697,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Axios,"Enjoyed the game thus far, seems to be a solid upgrade over the previous star drive. Though I think many of us were unimpressed by zero's abandonment of SD1, the discount and obvious care and attention put into this game has given me some faith back. Will change this review once further into the game."
76561197987179449,Recommended,252450,15289995,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ScorchedWind,"Exactly what I was hoping for. I picked up SD2 last night and it pulled me in like I haven't felt in a long time. If you're coming from StarDrive 1, this game has a similar feel, but is highly polished and has some great new features to keep things interesting.I will say that I am less than impressed my the ground combat sections, as others have pointed out. I'd honestly rather it was cut out entirely in favor of a pure auto-resolve mechanic than keep what is there now, but the ground combat aspect of the game is pretty minor to begin with.SD2 is a game that I'm actually eager to find an opportunity to play, and I can't remember a game that made me feel that way since Skyrim.A big thank you to the devs!"
,Recommended,252450,15331391,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Aforgomon,"I find this to be a great game, but there are some issues. For one, there's no voice acting. This game could heavily benefit from voice acting in that it's very quiet, other than the amazing soundtrack. Secondly, the video options menu is painfully limited. You have the option to swap between preset video qualities ranging from ""Fastest"" to ""Best,"" but they have no description of what changes what. You have your average AA options, 0-8 evens. You can set V-Sync and Fullscreen. Lastly you can change resolution. That's it, except for the option to turn off GNN, which it provides no explanation of. The only audio options you get are sliders for FX and Music, but no more. Not even a keybind menu.Unfortunately, you are also left in the dark when it comes to information on ships, at least from what I can see. When lookign at the ships I can construct, I am not given any explanation of what they are or what they can do. The best I can do is guess based on the name.The positives include great combat. It's easy to learn and very fluid. You can even go so far as to change the engage distance on individual ships, something that I haven't found before. Granted, I've never really played 4x games too often.Another positive is the interface. The interface is neat and well designed, and allows for quick access to many things, with preset shortcuts to certain menus. I also found the art style for most things to be very beautiful, and even animations for the characters are present.Overall, I would give this game a 7/10, and I recommend it to any who like the 4x genre."
,Recommended,252450,15291877,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MizzouRah,"Just went through the tutorial and started exploring in the game and so far, it's an amazing 4x game. SD 2 really pulls you into its world with an excellent tutorial, wonderful UI and decisions you make feel like they really make things go one way or another. I've waited on a few patches and it's been eating up my free time."
76561198044798228,Not Recommended,252450,15882817,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Red Eclipse,"This game is an interesting sort, in which it makes it look like the game has a lot more in it, than it actually does. This game is just outrageous in so many ways it's hard to pick one that I dislike the most, but I'll try anyway.Pros:+ Looks nice+/- Factions look different+ Interesting to create new ship designs, even if it is just like trying to pack as much useful stuff into a suitcase that's two sizes too small+ Allows for a bit of customization to the game.Cons:- Every faction plays exactly the same. If you removed the faction picture and name, you couldn't tell the difference.- Everything takes a ridiculous amount of time to do. Building ships, researching new technology, even moving a fleet from point A to point B. It takes 30 turns just to build the most simple building, and trying to erect a fleet quickly to stop enemy ships that just suddenly decided they hate you? 13 turns a piece. The smallest ships available are around 8 turns. Seriously?- The ground ""battles"" are little more than a game of chess... Unless they bring more advanced tech than you. Then you lose.- The AI is practically unhindered and when you go to trade technology, they have 4 for every 1 you have.- The tech tree is extremely limited, instead of a web, you have to pick one out of three and if you decided you needed something else down the line, too bad. Maybe try getting it from those stingy AI. Good luck with that.- The ""galaxy"" is extremely small. A real galaxy has billions of stars but this one only has 100 maximum. Trying to expand your empire? Too bad, AI got there first. Seriously, you can't sneeze without hitting another race and they'll declare war on you for the most trivial things.- The game is lag-infested, crawling with bugs, and just feels plain unfinished. The character models on ground battles are poorly done and everything just feels very choppy.-Confusing UI that just seems to get in the way most of the time.I'd have to give this game a 4 out of 10, the game isn't abysmal by any standards, but it's certainly not good enough for long time enjoyment. If you have time to kill and money to waste, then try it out. If I had to describe Stardrive 2 in a sentence, it would have to be a ""Pretty looking waiting simulator where pretty much nothing happens. Also the skip turn button will be your best friend. Just waiting for those crazy turn costs to tick down... Really really slowly."""
76561198011949824,Recommended,252450,15886244,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tiaga,Don't listen to the thumbs down! this game is really good. Its a 4X game done right! If you want RTS 4X go play Sins of a Solar Empire!
76561197970748816,Recommended,252450,25190386,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[G.A.Y] Mr Sykes,"Loved MOO and MOO2 (lets pretend MOO3 didnt happen...) Star Drive 1 was a good modern MOO, Star Drive 2 has built on that and then some. Sometimes its not about just remaking an old classic but allowing it to evolve into something new, and thats whats been done here. Keep up the great work!!"
,Recommended,252450,17589114,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Uruk,Really a good game
76561198138535150,Recommended,252450,15539351,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,KuschelFront,PLS. make a Multiplayer story
76561198016494554,Recommended,252450,15559216,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Matt Parente Fan Club,"Decent game but doesn't seem to have the same 'fun' or replayability as civ4 or similar games (and with less content).It needs a few more months polish to many facets.Played on normal mode, absolutely no challenge from the AI.Haven't played another game on a harder difficult as both my games seemed to be almost identical in terms of random events etc. Just get a big fleet with bombers then go through and destroy all AI planets. There needs to be other victory conditions as the game just draws out while you go through and exterminate enemy planets."
,Not Recommended,252450,15479264,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ruinzv2.0,"I picked this up after watching the trailer thinking that it looked like it had my favorite aspects of the old Space Empires games. In a way it does, but in every single way this game is lacking in depth. It wants to be a grand 4x I think, but falls completely flat."
76561198003823367,Not Recommended,252450,21024389,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cantrip,"After the last update the game is currently unplayable, cannot see any text content at all.Updated: The text bug was corrected after a reinstall.The pacing of the game could do with some work, if you don't follow a specific path from the very beginning then you will be outpaced by the other races quite quickly.Unfortunately the program still has a habit of crashing after an extended perod of play (2-3 hours).All in all, I can enjoy this game in small bursts, but it can rarely keep my interest for long. It feels very detached and you do not feel invested in the success of your civilisation."
76561198066420476,Recommended,252450,15301081,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,javier.box,Haven't had this much fun since moo2. Give Zero and all that contributed to Stardrive2 a metal.Well done!!!
,Recommended,252450,22223241,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Klord68,"the only downside i currently see that is really wanted is a multiplayer version, think this would make a great multiplayer 4x game, its great so far as a single player, but would love to play multi on it,   and little things would be like having a hull designer or something, where you can limit  spaces of the hulls to certain sizes so no one gets a huge advantage/disadvantage from mods and stuff , if you wanted to limit it in your game. i like having more than one choice for say different battleship hulls. and most mods ive found add too many spaces which unbalances the game."
76561198205523960,Recommended,252450,31800508,Posted: 17 May,all,Long Live Stannis Baratheon,"I really like this game! 50 hrs logged it can be tedius at times. But da Bears. supper laggy but i hope to see it, by the way played the fitst one this is such in improvement"
76561198076987366,Recommended,252450,23455151,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ron.coit,"I found this to be a fun an interesting game. very simalar to MOO2, but with some modern twists."
76561198009070219,Recommended,252450,15780011,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,LT. Hellrazer,this could be a grate game it hoked me from the start but over time  the lag and gliches gor to me  the reserch is  god but  ends upbeing a grind over and over  and over   with no way of pre maping or stacking  it   the fleet  batels are good  but  no pre set fleet lay out  so each battle you will ned to set out you fleet ...... -.-all in all good game but  need alot  of fixing   asap
76561197976027509,Recommended,252450,15832145,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hemi,"Well I was very hyped for this game. All seemed well til after about 20 hours I realized this game has some major design and balancing flaws. Honestly this game is very average and loses its appeal quite quickly. The space fighting is fun,ship design is fantastic..... rest of game needs work 6.5/10"
,Recommended,252450,21753447,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mrfg,This is what Master of Orion 3 should have been...
76561198007978460,Not Recommended,252450,15910327,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ZTStrike,"This game is pretty sad. First of all, Stardrive 1 was better and that was an unfinished game! Secondly, this game is a crappy dumbed, down version of Galactic Civalations III. The Dev for this game should spent his time on making Stardrive I good instead of this farce."
,Not Recommended,252450,15895426,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ArrestingWriter,I've played Master of Orion 1 & 2 and I have to say this game is nothing compared to them. The ground troop combat and space battles aren't fun. Its not fun to research new techs. Managing colonies and exploring aren't fun. The only thing I can give this game is it looks kinda nice.
76561198109281988,Recommended,252450,25774199,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,icanfly342,"Very similar to Master Of Orion 2, in a good way."
76561198059626361,Recommended,252450,22422707,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,yumri,Good game long game but I wish there wasn't a turn limit so low that I cannot modify within the game
,Recommended,252450,15322661,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Zen1001001,"UPDATE:My points below (which other reported as well) have been addressed days after the game was launched eith the e patch, super impressed that they got it patched this fast :)I’m a age 30+ PC gamer, difficultly is not new to me., however......This game is so hard that it eventually saps your will to play it any more, mainly because even if you build ships as quick as you possibly can I guarantee you that shortly after meeting another race no matter what, they will send a fleet 4-10x the size of yours and destroy everything you just created.There’s a REALLY good game in here, I’m really excited to play this, but I'm putting it down for now because I get the impression that it hates me.Will come back to this one when its been patched and easy mode is as it name suggest or there a casual mode, or even if they make it actually possible to beat.In its current state i can'y recommend this, with some work i would happily do so"
,Not Recommended,252450,15320307,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SlySly,"Not recommended yet but might chenge with future updates.my cons:- depends to much on luck at the beginning, if you hit an aggressive race at the beginning, theres a high chance of beeing killed early.- no realy fleet control like formations or keep distance- colony management is exhausting in later stages.- invaded colonys cannot be destroyed or automanged- upgrading exiting ships, upgraded ships are not renamed- the new ""star highway"" is uselessmy pros:- you can design and build your own ships."
76561198007397467,Recommended,252450,15315773,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Thegreatseeker,"do not listen to everyone writing a review. Yes AI is hard, you just have to switch up your play style you normaly play with as the creator knows how the average person plays. The creators of this game seem to be doing their best to help everyone. I found it hard like crazy the first 4 goes at it. Then it became simple. You just have to understand the game, how it works how it makes money. Do not listen to everyone writing this, this game will keep you on your toes and it makes you want to finish the game and wipe out the other races as they made you mad and sacrifice them all. I use to just play and play and play with other games like I am god or something with other games, this one you are just one of the races out for a fight. The game is fun, the battles are fun, you just have to understand it. You think you are ahead in this game and you are a god again and everything is easy then BAM.....very engaging. Been a while sense I had some fun, not  becuase I can lose, but a I can win, just have to do things differently and you can not seem to keep to one play style. I am now going to play on normal. Just make sure you create good ships. This game is great so far no bugs nothing, which is more then I can say for the first one they made. People like to just sit back and relax and play, and I understand being a God of a game is fun to, also can be boring eventually. I will go back to easy if I want to play a God way.after playing this game it became easy and there is no love in it, no diplomnacy. I played allot of hours on this game and ya I will play it as it is fun to some point. I want to give this game a 5 out of a 10. There  is no love. Everyone is rabit dogs and everyone wants to kill you. The first one you cound get them to join you and your empire and be friends with someone, gain access to their stuff and build with their ships. This one wipe everyone out and kill everything and eveveryone is rabit mad dogs. It si fun to a point as everyone hates you and it is a challenge. But there is no allies no, diplomacy, just kill everyone. That is why I changed it. If you like to just kill everything and this is a empire game and love it there is no allies or anything. Then this game is a great game if you like the loner stuff. The first one was great in the area you could ally and get them to join. This game is great do not get me wrong great graphics, game plays somewhat good had some glitchs nothing bad bad....but the war war war war war war war, just gets so boring. The game is by the way easy once you get to understand it. I would go to hard mode as it is to easy for me, but there si no love in this game and it bores me.They seem to keep changing it to make it better so I am now going to give it a better update. The AI is not as crazy with somethings anymore. They are still nuts and will hate you, but the game can be really fun. I do enjoy the battles. So I will now give it a 7 out of 10. I still wish there was Allys in this game it would make it a perfect game for me anyway. The thing is in order to make this game easy, you have to get a ultra rich astroid as your 3rd capture or collony and make sure you max it out quick with people.  If you have that with 2 planets the game is easy. Astroid can dish out a army quick. The comptuer is a moron with land battles(thank God) so they can never defeat you just make sure you have troops there. Store up a army and then fight. From the get go I had 2 people declair war, I had really no army. They came and tried to take over my place, If found my astroid, built a army quick and then kicked their butt. The game is easy so far, has some moments that it is hard. But follow that adivse and of course learn to make a good ship and always pick the subtarian trait, so you can have that 3 person in the astroid, production powerhouse, but that is up to you. I find missle ships are the best in the biginning with some decent counter measures for missles.  You will rule the space if you have all crusiers for a time  Do not listen to the people the game easy I have only played on normal so, I am not sure about the other lvls. the AI is crazy though, they just hate you...kinda do not like that but it is fun."
76561198010400004,Recommended,252450,15332909,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,lliogor,"""Why can't people make a game fun to play any more?""Apparently, they can, it just takes a few patches.  Since the games now been patched three times since its release, it has improved with each and appears now to have addressed my complaints.  The AI spawns are no longer unkillable, their attacks no longer end the game at round 50 90% of the time, and overall the game just seems much more playable.All the good things seem to remain and for folks wanting an uber challenge, there is plenty of that on harder difficutlies.  So with these patches I feel I can change my review!"
76561197968648259,Recommended,252450,15291745,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Hargert,A great modern take on the Master of Orion or Sword of the Stars style of gameplay. It follows the standard formula of 4X but everything is top notch. The star of the show is clearly the real time ship battles and ship creator. You will spend countless hours designing the perfect fleet and then cry when the space bears you are at war with blow them out of space and force you to completely change your ships mid war. One word of warning the AI for this title is top notch and will kick your butt without mercy. Those who find these style of games too easy will be in for a treat as on normal you have to work to win. I only have about 10 hours in so far but I know I will be playing this game for years to come.
76561198007207417,Recommended,252450,15291699,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Soverayne,A great successor to the MOO2 niche that people have been wanting for 18 years. The game can be a little challenging (might want to start on lower difficulties to get the hang of it) but winning out over a challenging game is much more rewarding!Recommend strongly; this game goes to 11!
76561197983747976,Recommended,252450,15293500,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,nocforweb,"Absolutely Fantastic Game! I have been waiting for a really good space 4x game for a while and all the ones I've been trying just keep coming up short... Too much clunky interface, too much to keep track of, no personality, spreadsheet games missing the 'lets have fun' factor... This game is what I've been waiting for on this scale. :) Now just waiting on The Mandate for the more personal StarControl level command and I think I'll be set on 4X space for a few years. Good job!(1-3 developers did this. AAA companies? ... please pay attention.)"
76561197994993426,Not Recommended,252450,15853685,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Negroman X,"Good game, but utterly unplayable on smaller screens (especially mac screens) due to an assbackwards way of doing resolution. Diplomacy is impossible because the buttons aren't on the screen, research is cut off, and everything looks smushed together. I really should have checked out the required resolution before wasting my money on this. If this ever gets fixed I'd heartily recommend the game to others."
76561198199857603,Recommended,252450,29573787,Posted: 29 January,all,bantly_robert,"The closest thing to the Master of Orion series, including humor. Strategy side is good except for AI opponents going to zero tolerance when you get too big - makes diplomacy more or less impossible unless you are losing. Well, maybe realistic but not fun. I enjoy the strategy and ship design, don't much care for the race-specific hulls or RTS combat. I find the overall strategy pretty engrossing and can kill a day at it pretty quickly. This game does NOT feel like CIV to me - the tech tree makes you give up good stuff to get stuff (real decisions), and NO STARLANES! Hooray. If you want a civ-type game, get the new Master of Orion or GALCIV III.All it is missing is Turn Based Combat and multiplayer.On the hulls, you ""can"" make the Ralyehans good, just skip to the cruiser and use generic corvette and frigate hulls. When you get BB, there is plenty of room in the hull for a stand-off mass driver, missile, or anti-matter torpedo attack. You just have to make nice in the beginning and wait for the decent hulls. Mid-game stacked disruptors and cluster cannon on a well-shielded and armored BB makes some fun explosions too."
76561198006243109,Recommended,252450,22063673,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ronin75,"I finally can give my recommended for Star Drive 2. With the relase of ""Sector Zero"" and patches that followed this game is now very much enjoyable and fun to play.  There is room for more improvements and I hope the devs continue the path currently taken and further expand on what I consider now a 4x space game ahead of most others.Distant Universe is deeper and complexer, but not always in a good way. When you have to handle spreadsheets in your games and deal with only the most basic in terms of visuals, it is not appealing to many gamers. I prefer a good mix of both: Depth but not too heavy on the spread sheet side and good to look at. I want to see my home made ship designs in all their beauty and in action, and this is where Star Drive shines. Though it could use a bit more depth and complexity."
,Recommended,252450,23019046,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ark,"In my opinion this game is completed by the DLC. Although a bit of a questionable move, I can understand why the developer has chosen to go this route.The DLC makes the game much more fun, the addition of the hex tiles means sensor range is more sensible now and the construction ships offer an additional gameplay mechanic with more resources to control. The new ground combat is much better and more suitable for 4X games.Please don't be put off by the learning curve, even on normal it will take a few games of getting your♥♥♥♥♥wiped on the floor by the AI before you learn how to take them on. What's great is that everyone will develop their own strategy naturally.My one gripe is the AI. Now I like diplomacy in 4X games but you HAVE to keep in mind that the AI is also trying to win and there can only be one winner. As soon as the AI thinks you're weak, they will take advantage. My advice is to avoid AI until you can defend yourself but be warned, from mid-game onwards the AI will produce fleets that will literrally take up the whole screen before the battle starts, so build a fleet you think will be of adequate size, then make it tenfold.Also, try not to use the default ships as they're a bit lacklustre, make sure you take the time to experiment in building your own ships.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,252450,23059174,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Centronus,"Before everyone takes a steaming dump on this game and complains about zero being some kind of fraudster you might like to compare this game to paradox's newest release and see that they borrow from this game in many ways.This game will kick you♥♥♥♥♥ and make you wonder why. Then, after a few tries you will get the hang of it. Try to keep pace with the 1 big and donminating AI and you should be in with a chance.As for the galactic map, works well.-Tech tree is very interesting and options would be more restrictive if you didnt just trade it all back with AI.-Ship design rocks balls end off story.-Unique heros are quirky and fun.-Economy is hit and miss. sometimes i have loads of cradits and in other games i have f-all - and that before i build my fleet up.I watch quill18 play STELLARIS and thought, thats almost identical to stardrive2, with a paradox twist (which is to over complicate things). If you are into the same kind of experience and less paradox skull ramming then you wont be dissapointed with this game. Once you know how to build your ships that is."
76561198046525280,Recommended,252450,23062248,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,troubled_offspring,"A little buggy at times but i keep finding myself returning to this game, the ship customization through the tech tree absorbes much of my time.   AI fleet sizes that would suck a races money dry in a few turns and dropping fps greatly is a bit wonky though.   overall would definatly recomend!"
76561197971983400,Not Recommended,252450,33706332,Posted: 21 July,all,BoogieMan,"I'm not going to go into detail but it's simply not worth the time.The game had promise, but never achieved any notable degree of it's potential.Too many bugs, unresolved gameplay issues, poor diplomacy, and support ended before enough of the pressing issues were resolved. There are better games in this genre to spend your money on."
76561198014900967,Recommended,252450,24968452,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,drunkenondreams,"It gotten much better with the DLC's. It was free upgrade. I just found it on my games. Anyway SD1 was fun, two its now more like Civ like game. I wish they kept 1 format of space battles and weapons placements. But this is still very fun."
,Recommended,252450,24982971,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Telarius,"Though I have as of yet had the opportunity to put much time into this game, personally I enjoy it.  Having stated that, I highly recommend one purchase the game and expansions on sale, as the price is a bit steep.  Personally, what I enjoy the most about the game is the battle arena, which reminds me ofGratuitous Space Battles."
76561197978873114,Not Recommended,252450,15324921,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Army Pea,Could have been great.Developer left it broke.A shame.Avoid.
76561198020284183,Not Recommended,252450,15326145,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,4D chess,"So far no fun has been had. I can't believe this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ scrapped Stardrive 1 and left us hanging with so much unfinished stuff there to then, sort of, start from scratch and squeeze out this turd. One of the best things about Stardrive 1--it was still a lot of fun despite the lackluster support and polishing--was that you could speed up and down time and that battles were integrated with the solar systems map. So with the speed up button, you sped up everything. No dull moments there.Somwhat short story: I can't find speed up button in battle mode, and the campaign when starting out has been an endless clicking end turn to wait for your scout to find you more useless system and nothing happening in those turns. Few turns in pirates show up and destroy your ships.MEH! Go back and finish Stardrive, you ♥♥♥♥ing idiot. Why squeeze out a turd and try to make a diamond out of it when you had a diamond in the rough right in your hands?"
76561197994369287,Recommended,252450,15283567,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Faust,So far so good. The game looks like a very good mix of my favorite space strategies - Master of Orion 2 and Sword of the Stars. Haven't found any bugs yet. Can't say much about balance but from what i see the AI looks adequate enough. The only one disadvantage - it is lack of multiplayer. But i can understand that one man sturio can't afford to have so resource intensive thing as functioning multiplayer. All effort was used to make Single player experience as good as possible. I love how the game runs and functions. Random events works very well.10 death spores of 10
,Recommended,252450,15283895,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Haldiron,"What MoO3 should have been.StarDrive 2 seems to take the best elements of many of the 4x games to come out in the past decade:Smooth and intuitive interface (Endless Space)Easy to learn, hard to master economy (MoO 2)Fantastic real time space battles (Armada 2526)Deep and choice-intensive tech tree (MoO 2, and better! - love the experimental and special projects branches)Ship customization! (Space Empires IV/V, and better!)Good galaxy lore and interesting races (Galactic Civilizations)And, ground combat! Sure, it's not the best or most polished part of the game, but NO other 4x to my knowledge has anything at all. It's almost always badly abstracted - so this is a step in the right direction.Out the box, with the TLC it has received from Zero, being careful to have a polished product out of the gate, as a 4X fan I'd give it an 8/10, and with some DLC and more polish, I think this could solidly, finally, dethrone MoO2.No more nights of waxing nostolgia playing MoO2 to scratch the 4X itch. The replacement is here.  (Galciv 3 is coming along pretty sexy though to!)"
76561198047841822,Recommended,252450,16013719,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Chuddiez,Needs multiplayer...MOO 2 had it!
76561197999715595,Not Recommended,252450,15321329,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Pumpernikkeli,"I played a lot of original stardrive and while it had it's flaws I enjoyed the game a lot.StarDrive 2 however, I can't enjoy at all. No matter how hard I try. Game has numerous problems that really hurt the experience and generally it is quite unpolished.Thing that ticks me off most are the ridiculous ""random"" event raids and attacks. Yeah, they aren't random at all and if you were planning to try pacifist playthrough I got some bad news for you. Every time you encounter your first race you soon get these warhawks with 2 options, either declare war on newfound race or get attacked by a considerably large fleet. So you either build war fleet or build war fleet, great and diverse options. Then there are these crystal things coming after your butt constantly, as well as remnant wormholes popping left and right. Wanna guess how well your diplomatic approach works on these buggers? Not very well. You can either have no random raids at all, ever. Or you can have them every single time in same order forcing you to have large fleets ready no matter what playstyle you would want to use. Would be nice to have some options to the mandatory fights.Diplomacy is quite literally worthless for anything else than getting more tech, many of the races are hyper aggressive and will just demand tributes and send their fleets after you anyway. Tolerance is unpolished feature and will simply hinder any attempts to do meaningful trades. You can't ask other races for example to freaking bugger off from your space as they fly all the way over your area and colonise a planet right in the middle of your solar system when you have 5 battleships orbiting the damn thing waiting your own colony ship 1 turn away to get there.So, what we have at this point is pretty much a turn based space combat game. Now you might wonder if that at least is amazing... well no, not at all. Battles are boring to play and watch, and auto battle doesn't know anything about how the battles would actually turn out making you lose about 4 times as much fleet. Modules are horribly balanced too, fighter bays seem to be the be-all-end-all module and bunch of carriers will just wreck the AI every single time (also wrecks your performance and freezes the game for a while after every battle). Ground combat isn't any better, it's just slow and boring and auto battle again will just lose you troops for no reason.Tech tree is just plain bad and some of the choices make no sense at all to exclude another. Got fusion shields? Great. Now you might want fusion engines? Too bad.UI is bad with many features needing unnecessary clicking and scrolling around with relevant information not being where it needs to be. Like the empire overview, why can't it have X/X population numbers?Turns are annoyingly short and you will find yourself mashing spacebar more than your keyboard can handle.I guess the ship building is cool though... that's about only nice thing I can think of, although UI makes even this much worse experience than what it needs to be.I hope this game gets some serious patching, that might well be what makes this game worth your time."
,Recommended,252450,15972999,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MaximumTrekkie,"This was really hard to recommend, and if it wasn't so fun, I wouldn't.  But be warned...there are some bugs to be aware of.  I only encountered 2 bugs, but they were rather game breaking, and I hope I'm the only one who is encountering them, though I doubt it.  Read the rest of this review and other reviews before you buy, and you'll probably want to buy this on sale, like I did, though if you have the original SD you already have a 33% discount(I waited for an even better deal).Pros-In depth ship customizationgood diplomacyfun battlesgreat empire buildingcustomize your own raceCons-The game will crash if you don't auto-resolve battles with too many ships, as it will crash upon trying to load casualty listsIf you auto-resolve even larger battles, the casualty list will cover your screen, causing you to be unable to do anything.  AT ALLThe auto-resolve is bad...though it is also pretty much the same in other games.  I played out a battle, won without losing more than half a dozen small ships, crashed trying to load casualty list, auto-resolved, lost my whole fleet, and the casualty list from THAT covered the center of my screen and made it so that I couldn't click on anything and I could only use hotkeys and had to alt+tab and close out the gameConclusion-Fun overall, but it has some game breaking bugs, and is poorly optimized.  Judging from past experience, I'm not sure whether or not Zero will even optimize the game or finish bugfixing...he abandoned the original Stardrive long before it was done, and moved onto this project.  Let's hope he doesn't do it again."
,Recommended,252450,15285128,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Validuz,I suddenly want to watch a TV-Show about races fighting over the galaxy.oh wait i can just play this game. <3Joke aside. its a really fun 4X game. Fun combat and a great sequel to the first StarDrive.-Will write more in the future-So far after a few hrs of playing. I'm really enjoying it. Only complaint i got is the music is 'meh' and there are alot of things used from the previous game. But those are easily overlooked as the music can be turned off and the rehashed material isnt bad.
76561198088230278,Not Recommended,252450,25240415,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Capt.Bouthillette,There are no words to explain how terrible this game is.
76561198038968845,Recommended,252450,15349573,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,NicePotato,"Oh. My god. I'm not saying it's a difficult game. I'm just saying that Dark Souls is like Kirby's Epic Yarn in comparison to this game. That said - once you realise that you need to play it smart and stop thinking in terms of this being a 4X game - the game becomes really interesting.The only way to win is to take an intimate interest in your empire's stats. Like some kind of super micro managing mother. Use all the tools you are given to carve out a bloody path for your empire to success, because otherwise someone else will carve a bloody and desperate path right through your face.Pros:The UI is buttload better than most of the other space strategy games out there. It's not great. It's just better than most, which I call a pro.The management of the planets and ships makes sense. I've yet to go ""Oh. I wish I could do that.""Customising the loadout of your ships both works great and is absolutely vital to victory. Because only you know what kind of ship you need for what kind of scenario. Need a pure tank to absorb the initial attack and then a bunch of fighters slam into the enemy dealing the real damage? You gotta make it happen yourself. And you can. And it's awesome.Cons:The tutorial. I sort of didn't want to put it as a con, because it's not bad compared to other space strategy games. But it's still narration. ""Do this, this happens."" That said - it's short, to the point and gives you the important stuff. As someone who never pays attention to tutorials, this one worked well enough to get me into it.The difficulty is a bit odd. On the lowest difficulty I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. This was until I started customising my ships, but even so. The lowest difficult is supposed to be a ""try this button and see what it does."" kind of affair, not ""you want easy? You can't handle easy. Here, have some insanity.""Overall - if you want a challenge, and a good space empire game, I say grab this one."
76561198049190403,Recommended,252450,15372644,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,shdo219,"This game is awesome but hard. The UI is polished, the battles are fun and the artwork is amazing. The gameplay and soundtrack are amazing as well but as i said, the game is hard, BRUTAL at times.I would suggest starting on easy with clusters map, that way you can learn how to rule an empire and what to build while staying clear of the enemies for a while.  Dont go through wormholes as it will make first contact with a possible stronger empires.challenging and fun, buttom line."
,Not Recommended,252450,15293116,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SPAZZx7,"It seems to be a simplified, watered down version of the first game, with a few different approaches...I expected the first game, but better... I expected this sequal to justify the creator of Stardrive 1, abandoning his first game in favor of this one...  I was wrong...I dont suppose its a bad game, but its not what i wanted being the sequal to ""Stardive 1, the broken and forgotten""Im a sucker because i loved the first game (Though it was flawed), and could not wait to play what i imagined to be an updated version of Stardrive I...If you want a better version of stardrive I, just get a mod.Props to the dev, for doing this solo. But to be honest, you really should have outsourced some of it. Its too many features with to little purpose. I would be more lenient if it wasnt your second go around."
76561198027342571,Recommended,252450,16003137,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,kc_rednex,Brings back a lot of Nostalgia from my Master of Orion days. Normal difficulty feels more like hard as the AI keeps up the random attacks and protected planets pretty consistently. I do enjoy it but am anxious for a patch.If the devs read this I just had my battle station defense where several of the enemy ships never came within range. So everyone must kinda sat there.....I would still recommend it though as it has some interesting gameplay and especially for those who miss Master of Orion.
76561197993298488,Recommended,252450,15309303,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Zylatis,"I bought and quite enjoyed SD1. I do seriously lament the lack of multiplayer, which is not yet present here either, but to be honest, for now I'm quite happy to play SD2 by itself, which is weird for me because I'm very MP oriented.I really thought I would miss the contunous play aspect of SD1, but to my surprise the instanced fleet action gives a bigger sense of scale than was present in SD1, which for me, at least for now, makes up for the smaller map sizes. This is much more a spirtual successor to MoO2, with proper characters, events, and buffs/penalties. The graphics are excellent and it runs quite smoothly on my, admitedly powerful, laptop. There are some minor bugs that i've come across, but no deal  breaks and I've no doubt that Zer0 is working hard to fix whatever crops up.I was fortunate to get the SD1 discount, so this worked out to be slightly more expensive than a trip to the movies, and there is no doubt in my mind I will get more than 2 hours of solid enjoyment out of it. I strongly reccomend playing without creative selected, as this makes your research choices much more important and leads to much more replayability."
76561198054959782,Not Recommended,252450,15325386,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,sango213,"Does not even work. Don't buy.After seeing a youtuber play this, I was like ""wow, I really wanna play that game."" Nope. 30 dollars down the god damned drain and I can't even play the game. Such bull crap. 7 different times I tried to log in, and was only met with a loading screen 1 time, the rest of the times were just black screens.I need my money back."
76561197970271284,Recommended,252450,16404340,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,cirlin,"A very fun game that balances accessability and complexity in an enjoyable way. I love the feeling of exploring the great unknown, and sometimes blowing it up :)My hope is that more modding support is added as it is also a great framework for a lot of gameplay possibilities."
,Recommended,252450,21718510,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,.::Druid::.,Take my money Zero! Love your work!
76561198048998979,Recommended,252450,15714970,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Janus Valentine,"Got into a war with the humans. Parked slave ships over their homeworld until it was completely depopulated. Moved all the human slaves to a new colony by themselves and made them build a slave pit. No farming, no research, just production. Starvation quickly set in and all but one of them died. He managed to finish it, though.I immediately scrapped the slave pit and queued up another. The last human survivor in the galaxy died of starvation as he labored like Sisyphus to build the same thing that had taken him captive.Yes/10"
76561198031325938,Recommended,252450,15369840,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,gavin.savage,this is a really really good game
,Recommended,252450,15332848,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Sc0tch,"It's a great 4x strategy game. If you like things like empire management, designing ships, tech trees(not quite a tech tree but something better imo), and some good old real time tactical spaceship combat then this game might be for you. There's just one thing you might want to consider before buying it. Do you like a challenging game that has a lot of depth that is hard to learn and hard to master?At first I found the game very frustrating. The first half a dozen games I played ended in utter failure. In my first couple of games the AI got a huge lead and dominated me. I did better in the next two and managed to compete with  and beat some of the AI empires but one still got a lead in the end and beat me. The last two I was doing well and it looked like I was going to come out on top but I ended up making a huge mistake and it ended up setting me back enough that I lost. I'm on my seventh try right now and I think I might actualy win this one though I'm not certain as I suffered a fairly big set back before I decided to turn in for the night.A lot of peopel would be upset by this kind of experience and I can understand why. It's very frustrating to be beaten so badly and wonder how things could have gone so wrong. It can feel down right oppressive and if you don't enjoy a challenge then it is certianly overwhelming, but the thing that has made it all worth it to me and the reason I am recommending this game is because I'm getting better each time I play and I'm enjoying more each time I play too. The game has a lot of depth and I've only scratched the surface so far but each time I play I understand more about how the game works. I'm not confused as to why I lost so badly in my first couple play throughs now. I now understand the mistakes I made and I won't be making them again.The game is not easy to learn and that is going to scare a lot of people away but it's very rewarding for the persistent. If you play this game you are probably going to lose pretty badly on your first games and that's a tough sell for most people. However, if you stick with it and keep playing you will find enjoyment in this game and won't regret the purchase."
76561198051492298,Recommended,252450,19149591,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,spacefishmanben,Most people who complain about how buggy this game is and while the game has some bugs it has never casued me to lose a game. In addition it is not as buggy as your avrage AAA game.  the game play is solid and has lots of options to chnage how you play the game.
76561198044309661,Recommended,252450,15463194,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Smexy_Cur,"OK I will make this short and sweetPros+ Space battles are fun to watch and control!+ Diplomacy is ok+ customizing your ships!+ Visuals are amazing (for some parts kind of iffy)+ planets are highly detailed and it has a Galactic Civil feel.+ Ground battles are intresting+ Music is good!Cons- Minor bugs. i had a funny glitch where I could control the invaders.- has a low end Xcom feel (ground battle.) it would be better if they added a cover system.- the models are not that detailed for the races but its good enoughSo in conclusion, this game is fun as hell and has tons of replayability but it has some minor set backs.(Yes I have played Master of Orion 1 and 2 so I know that this game is a ""copy"" but I can care less because at least the developer (s) revamped a game I haven't played in years."
76561197970534061,Recommended,252450,15343029,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Bez,This is the new bar for 4x games. Get this game even if you didnt like the first stardrive.
76561198025329006,Recommended,252450,16191409,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Danger,"I really like this game, a lot. There are so many unique possibilities for ship design and strategy, both tactically and strategically. The game is a lot of fun and quite challenging at times.However, I'm really frustrated by the game as well. I've encountered quite a few bugs that range from minor to almost gamebreaking. Fortunately, the developer is actively improving the game so I expect that the bugs will be mostly quashed with time.In the end, this game is enjoyable enough that I would recommend it even as it is now: Definietly not perfect, but still worth the money and getting better with time."
76561198038529509,Recommended,252450,16000672,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Blackpoint,"Thanks to Zero , he is working hard for updates, so yes you should buy this game, have fun"
76561198039911705,Recommended,252450,15340695,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,omega13ful,"It is fun. There are some balence and technical issues but the Dev seems to be patching.One quibble I have is that that there very few unique random events. I get the same ones every game. Same with the random agressive pirates (and more) are always the same. I do not know if the dev will expand the veriety but I hope they do,"
76561198128153462,Recommended,252450,15336989,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,cameron871,"And there goes my last ship......If your not a fan of really great space strategy games then you wont like this but if you do then man will you enjoy this game.  Firstly this game does what other space strategy games get wrong.  It has real time space battles that are fully controled by the player with really awesome spaceships to fight with.  The artwork in the game is great fun to look at and even though i like a more serious tone to my games the design of the races are fun and badass at the same time.  The game has a sort of humour intermixed with some serious lore.  The idea of cycles of destuction with the races of the galaxy destroying each other each cycle.  Theres also fun side quests that pop up every so often with crystal ships, ancient black cruisers appearing from insects, space worms and of course space pirates.However there are some problems,  like the races are a little overly psychotic and are not interested in deplomacy like other games.  It can go from a promising start to instant war just from discovering your existence.  Some races also have way too much power and shoud be nerfed slightly.  Theres a couple of bugs and battles can run a little slowly if alot is happening.But for all of the problems their is still alot of patching and tweaking here and there so im sure itll get better.  In my opinion if you want to wait it out fine but id recommend picking it up cus man you will not regret it."
,Recommended,252450,15391709,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,tdk5001,"The game is amazing! The battles are amazing! The customization has been upgraded through UPGRADES!I think the future for this game is to introduce MORE ""AGENT INVOLVEMENT"" - more missions, more capabilities, more qualities, more characters, more importance... it's almost like every planet has to have a leader, assassins, managers, tradesmen (that would be cool if you cood have traders on freighters making more profit for you or delivering more and faster)...Also, more GOODS and MARKET ECONOMY, more significance of goods in diplomacy between races.. and it would be really cool if AGENTS could contribute to Diplomacy through missions! Also, maybe each planet having its own dilomacy rating and thus being able to convert or lose planets through diplomacy? Thus, again, giving more significance to agents..The game as it is is a great amazing strategy.. but it could be even so much more! As it is, it probably is the top space strategy so far... it's only competition is itself. Dan, you're the man!"
,Recommended,252450,15384696,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,fsu777,"Fun game, love the gameplay and all of the easter eggs for all scifi media(star wars, star trek, mass effect, etc...) but it feels inomplete. I know it's made by 1 guy, but the potential for what it could be outweights what it already is. I'd recommend to any one of the strategy game loving friends, but it's not for those who aren't into strategy games."
76561198087584509,Recommended,252450,15389698,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,green.1998,"StarDrive 2 is the most fun ive had for a long time with a strategy game, the ship design mechanic is its best novelty and this really allows you to combat any threat that comes at you (and there are a lot). It really makes you feel proud when one of your designs obliterates your enemies, or some fancy tech you researched saves your♥♥♥♥♥ This alongside the customisable races gives an extreme level of diversity and really makes you the ruler of your own empire, not as though you've simply been given to you to take control of. The game itself is fun and enjoyable and I recommend it highly, however although graphicly the game is simple, theres a lot of hidden calcualtions and which really slow it down, as I do not have a powerful PC i thought this game would work well  ( SOASE works fine with huge fleets) however this does not. As a word of warning to those with ""Family Pc's"" it will run, but slowly."
,Recommended,252450,15394152,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Darth Kasatus,"I lead the human race to the glory.Mass divers (or whatever they called) helped a lot, too.Recommended."
76561197970533256,Recommended,252450,15389785,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,0.defekt,"Really enjoyed SD1 and now also SD2. Challenging initially (till you get the hang out of - hint: design your own ships, and get your colonies production up as soon as possible). Great job on the game thanks Zerosum."
,Recommended,252450,15342170,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,sfuarus,"It could be a good game, but it's not so great if you constantly die because everything is seemingly just against you: flying crystals, pirates, ""unknown"" vessels, and sooner or later almost all of your neighbours. And above their swarming, and in time better technology (on normal difficulty), you'll face some bugs too - I'm not talking about the space bugs now - but like invincible foes and nonequal damage counts. Also the the ground/space battles are clumsy and lack needed controls and informations, like adjusting fire, shield power, proper group management, etc.But it's hard not to play, because this game has near the atmosphere of Master of Orion or other classics with some added fun, and really good to see your civilization colonizing the planets. The reasearch method is good in my opinion and also planet management is okay. Sounds and musics are also good.I hope after a few patches this game will be really good to play with.Until you'll be eradicated by the mighty owlwoks. :)"
76561198050147462,Not Recommended,252450,18039875,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,MatthewH,"SAVE YOUR MONEY, DO NOT BUY, i run alienware gaming system and a CM storm Styrker gaming system, and no matter what i do this game lags in battles and slows down to a point where it is either unplayable or simply crashes, save your money since this developer has no intention of fixing this error since its been labelled in other posts already."
76561198112678888,Recommended,252450,18332281,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jacobakis,"Thumbs up for a game that surprised me unexpectedly in a positive way.In the first place I was very cautious to buy it while reviews were very contradictory and controversial. However I did get it and... surprise! Had so far some great time with fun and lots of adrenaline. A mixture of ingredients from other similar games that even reminded MOO but with original components as well.But honestly for some reason I find it difficult to make a sort of “traditional” review because there are many issues and aspects to put down on the ground. So I will choose a rather unconventional method of approach...Stardrive 2 is definitely not like an expensive gourmet restaurant ala card menu. Neither is ma's or granny's good old dish. It is like a neighborhood canteen junk Food! But a very tasty one, addictive, full of fat, crunchy and juicy, spicy with lots of exotic stuff inside it.Now if you are the kind of person that likes variety in food styles then go for it. But if you are the “snub” kind of a character that likes healthy food and especially sensual delicate pleasures in taste, than i should tell you to stay away from it. But I won't. And yet for this to happen the devs must in the fist place prove that the game will soon get to it's promising potentials making some improvements, developments even changes as well.Just really hope to see this things happening in future updates because this game can really become a hit.Bon appetite!P.S And one thing to start with improvements, among others, is just changing the ridiculous ground battle mode where it doesn't fit the general grand strategy idea(!) where in some level the game flirts with."
76561197975093241,Recommended,252450,15298469,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Bsport,"Loving it, its a good mix of a few 4x, the ship designer is first class, i love fleet combat, fleets formations would be a welcome feature, its a interesting tech tree, planet management is clean, infact the overall presentation is great. Not a fan of the troop combat i auto those, i do miss the realtime from SD1, but this is still good you just hold down space bar. Its also hard, in a good way. If your a fan of any x4 sci-fi game then this has a place in your collection for sure."
,Recommended,252450,15298683,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Firemad,"MOO and MOO2 in 2015 !Pro:-Modern 3D combat-Very big battle (I saw 200 ships in one battle and I didn't lag)-Very nice tech tree and unique each game because you need to make a choice between 3 tech of each tree-Experimental tech-Solid Diplomacy-AI is challenging-AI is better then other 4x game in lot better then Civ-AI in easy are easier for new players now-Ground Combat is Epic and out of this world and lot better then other 4X game and lot better then MOO2-Xcom like of Ground Combat-Random Galaxy-Pirates-Crystal-Random Wormhole-Very stable game with few bugs since the release. We saw 1 major breaking bug that the dev corrected it in 2 hours.Con:-I need to buy some time in my life now-People blame SD1 for no reasons, just see it like a new game-No multiplayer support yet and maybe we will get it in the futur but I don't care in my case, 4X game are Single Player first"
,Recommended,252450,16237415,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,solid successor to the previous rocky title. I just wish *this* was StarDrive 1... I think it's worth my time though.
76561198015971298,Recommended,252450,15366123,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Sethkragus,"Great game pretty much all the negative are complaining about the A.I. which has been fixed or is being fixed. I'm still trying to figure how some of these poeple reviewed a 4x game with 2 hours of game play. If you you don't play more then 2 hours you arent going to get the full view of the game. All I can say even if the creator ""single guy not a big company by the way"" doesnt do anything else this game is still worth the purchase price."
76561198007896071,Recommended,252450,15363276,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Slater86,"SD2 is a difficult 4x strategy game with homicidal AI and some very good game mechanics. Overall the game is very solid but in its current state if falls just short of a classic. A must have for space strategy fan boys, not a good buy for a casual gamer or those new to the genre.The Good:* Customizable options for the factions and starships lends to great immersion. I have made plenty of flagship battle heavy titans that get smashed because I didn't place armor in the right places or had too many spinal mounts that could hit anything far away but the big ship couldn't turn fast enough to handle flank attacks.* Graphics are awesome. Clicking on planets and watching the cities light up on the dark side increase with population is a nice touch. Ships blow up into several smaller pieces and actually come apart instead of an explosion cloud animation.* Space battles tend to devolve into choatic melees despite the most careful planning and ship design ( I consider this a realistic plus some micromangers may get frustrated with the lack of form in battle) A formation button would be a plus.The Bad:* Homicadal AI that will attack at immediately when weakness is shown* AI sends massive doom fleets that are kinda of fun to destroy with some well built smaller fleets, but it is easy to be get overwhelmed* Some characters cause some serious headaches. Watch your♥♥♥♥♥if you hire Zapp Groening, because the AI will go ape♥♥♥♥♥♥ (-20 diplo for a 30% firepower bump)* Ground combat seems a bit underwhelming. Troops are determined by population so 6 soldiers defending a world of 6 billion doesn't seem right in scale.* Tech tree are based on difficult choices. Each category has one of three options. If you just start playing and researching blind you will find that you have a broken economy and a disfunctional empire mid game.Summary:* Active community with a developer who reads the damn forums and reacts with frequent patches* Hard but satisfying when you develop a winning reciepe* A beautiful game with great FPS for the graphics (34 hours in no CTD)* A lot of bang for 30 bucks* Samurai Space Bears"
,Recommended,252450,18241904,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,githburn,"StarDrive 2 is an excelent game if you like the whole 4X gameplay. Challanging enough.The ship building is easy and fun, if I had one critique though.....I wish there was a way to test my builds before seeing them utterly fail in battle.I strongly recommend checking this one out."
,Recommended,252450,15294209,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,spirouac,"*****************************Updated**************************The patch definitely re-invigorated the game. You can actually play without being a masochist now.Aside from a few frame rate issues, mainly when doing troop based combat, the game is definitely headed in the right direction. If the updates keep coming I will fully endorse the game.******************************Old Review*******************************Would be an entertaining game, but it just feels like it cheats. Difficulty slider does nothing, AI decides to turn on you no matter what, relentless attacks make it nearly impossible to move against anything.Diplomacy is a joke. Meet a race.. ""give me 10% of your income and this technology""... well ♥♥♥♥ okay, if it will by me some time. Next turn ""you didn't give us what we wanted expect war from this small fleet of 20 ships we have lurking right beside your homeworld""... well damn, good thing i just managed to scrape through that battle... Oh wait they now have a never ending stream of ships coming to me and peace treaties mean nothing."
,Not Recommended,252450,15363743,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Pinkeh,"Star Drive 1 was better. This one doesn't feel very unique. It's like Galactic Civilisations 2 lite. It tries to do a bit of everything in GC2, but doesn't excel in anything.Prepare to go to war from the start of the game. There is no diplomacy in this game. AI will come knocking as soon as they meet you.The space combat is average. Not like the first game where you can have hundreds of ships duking it out.Ship design is like the first game. But your choices are simpler because you're not faced with as many units as the first game. You just have to kill whatever is in front of you before they close the distance to your ship, so mounting an array of long range rail guns and flak cannons (for point defense) = like shooting fish in a barrel.The ground assault is meh. It's like XCOM but there isn't much variety in units, gear or abilities even with full tech research. The limited amount of troops (only 4 units) permitted in ground assault is a let down. I ended up bombing from orbit rather than deal with the frustrating ground assaults.Planetary invasions are buggy. You clear out the sector of enemy ships, but then you can't invade or bombard. The only way is to leave the system and come back and try again. Annoying.For $20... its ok. Not great but ok."
76561198040560627,Recommended,252450,17112965,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Hvapsen,"Yesh yesh, if you love 4x, this is fine, some weird bugs, but enjoyable game anyways.The shipyard design is lovely, 1000ish of choices...and the voise in my head...game on, take another system...oh my.6/10 on a bee scale. ;)"
,Not Recommended,252450,16660822,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Peter,"Well stardrive 1 was great but buggy, stardrive 2 is less buggy but also less fun, it was changed to be turnbased and removed alot of things.. in the current state of thing i can't recommend Stardrive 2 get stardrive 1 instead, even if its buggy its fun!This game tried to do to mutch only to have half of the stuff in a usless and time wasting state..."
,Not Recommended,252450,19202251,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,aido_k,I feel ripped off and misled.
,Recommended,252450,15894586,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Spooky Valkyrie,Plant people claimed a planet I got at the start of the game. Sent fleet. They went extinct.
76561198042627683,Recommended,252450,15329859,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DerHerrDanGer,"Whatever you may have heard, read or saw.. the Game is doing great. Yes, there are some bugs n flaws, but those are fixed  fast on a regular base. If u played MoO, you will like it. IMHO: 4.5 of 5 Stars. -0.3 for too many jokes,eastereggs etc, and -0.2 for those flaws in the design. I like to have my fun, but i cant get into this game as deep as i would like.. TRex with a gatlinggun on his head..erm.no. I would buy it again."
76561197984871587,Recommended,252450,15688778,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ruges,"Its a good game. Fun to play. But there are many good and fun to play 4x games out there. My bigest grip about stardrive is there is no endgame menu showing stats of the game. No timeline that shows what went on. No score that you can compare with how you previously did, or how others have done. Its just a little bit of an empty feeling when you finish the game."
76561197981149015,Recommended,252450,15672269,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,GOD EMPEROR TRUMP,"I really like this game, however it feels like its in beta still.  I think this game when finished will be the MoO2 clone I have dreamed of.  With the way diplomacy is minimal (Still have people colonize my core space), the gimped races as far as ship sizes works, and no multiplayer it feels like the game is not finished.I can recommend this game once these issues are fixed (hopefully)!  But the current game with its flaws is visibly the skeleton of a masterpiece!"
76561198124527746,Recommended,252450,16524219,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Terrifyingly Plausible,"Its like sins of a solar empire and Xcon had a baby, mind you Star drive 2 parents may of be smokeing while pregnant whitch would explain why star drive gets a little glitch now in then but its over all a nice game"
76561197994025738,Not Recommended,252450,20249699,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Basilisk51,Stick to professioanly developed games for this one.  The creator Zero is literally a zero when it comes to doing anything but making you play the way he wants you to.  There are entire scripts that all make it so you HAVE to play it a certain way or a wormhole opens up in your home system connecting you to the enemies home system.  You can look it up if you don't believe me.The creator is amateur at best when it comes to handling anything bug related and all the races play the same.  They all have the same upgrade and the same effects for their weapons.With all this though the true reason to not get this is becuase of what the creator did to everyone who got the first one.  Completely walked away from it to make the second and it is the same game.  Charged people twice while promising the world.  Just buy a game from EA. Even they aren't as corrupt or immature as the zero who made this.
76561198060396398,Recommended,252450,15287116,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,STINKFIST,This game is awsome.  Way better than stardrive 1.
76561198006897574,Recommended,252450,15288498,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Tranks,i can only recommend this game. Most of the other 4x games (even the big names) deliver in no way the gameplay-freedom as this game does. The Ship-Customization stands out in this genre and is what i like the most.
76561197970683990,Recommended,252450,15632645,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dorque,This is the MOO2 sequel you have been looking for.  With Space Hulk added in for some reason.
76561198035997165,Recommended,252450,15347539,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,be'thorien,"Its not a hard game, you just have to get the hang of it. All of those people saying the enemies are too hard are probable just bad at ship design. One said there wre unstoppable alien ships at turn 30. In my last game i had the strongest military in the galaxy with only one small fleet because I designed my ships from scratch. Its a great game. Now all I am waiting for is a few bug fixes and I will be even more happy with it."
76561197986780274,Not Recommended,252450,15517758,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jonzes,"Boo.  I played SD1 and it had some interesting ideas but also had some big flaws that made it hard to enjoy playing for very long.  There seemed to be some changes in this version so I tried it out.  Long story short, while it has some nice bits the pieces do not fit together well at all.  Some UI elements that you have to use every truen are tedious to access.  Many turns, nothing happens.  The AI is poor and only excells at massively cheating up units.  I experienced multiple crashes and lock-ups in the later game and late game fights were slooooooooow.  And this is a super minor thing but the background 'spaceship' sound effect is not controlled by the audio sliders in game, so I had to turn off all sound from the game to keep it from making my head hurt after a while.The wrost part is some aspects are less good than the first one.  Such as the ship combat and ship design, both of which I think are more simplified to the point that they are just busy work.  The ground combat got an upgrade but it is still tedious.I doubt I will play any more games of this.  It was not expensive, but still not worth the time invested for a game that feels half baked."
76561197995690115,Recommended,252450,19197544,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ophite,"Good addition to the genre.It has pros and cons, but cons don't really matter if you are having fun.If you are one of those bitter, burned out gamers who hyper-focuses on a single flaw or negative aspect of a game, well, move along. Save your poisonous posts for another game. This one doesn't deserved it."
,Not Recommended,252450,16034921,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[RGC]Leatherneckjr,"Forced into a war with 7 command points, enemy fleet is 30 strong missile boats that I can't even reach. Every enemy AI is aggressive and demands tribute. Space battles look cool and can give some good screenshots. I rate it 3 bananas out of 5 rainbows, wouldn't buy again."
76561197963917529,Recommended,252450,18462045,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Snake-Eyes,"StarDrive 2 is a very enjoyable game that offers many choices and an engaging universe.It has good looking visuals, a nice ship customization feature. Theres humor and alot of fun events during gameplay that I think adds alot to the charm of the game.Space combat is simple but good. The ships get experience points from combat and medals that give bonuses so I think it's a part that really adds identity to your fleets. Like sending in your veterans to kick♥♥♥♥♥I get beaten by the AI some times but I keep coming back to try again because I feel its possible to try a new strategy or start a new map with a few tweaks to get a better chance.I know there are some bugs and parts that are lacking but I keep playing the game and I really hope it will be improved in the future."
76561197963289292,Recommended,252450,17459707,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Admiral IPA,"love it, just needs multiplayer !!!"
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,252450,15573990,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Haapy,"Ok, let me say right up front that I really like this game. So why am I not recommending it? Bugs. So many horrible, game-breaking, unavoidable bugs. This game is actually in early beta, and should never have been released this early in development. If they fix the bugs, I'll update this review.Update (11/21/15): I saw that the developer released an update, so I went in to see if the bugs had been fixed. It only took an hour to hit a bug from back in the initial release."
76561198080662201,Not Recommended,252450,15995829,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,olenananas,"StarDrive 2 is a game where core mechanics are mostly superb, but it lacks features required to make a truly good 4X game.Quite frankly, this game focuses way too much on ""exterminate""-part of the 4X, which makes it seem shallow compared to it's peers.  This is not a game where you try to win with a peaceful empire by intrigue, colonization, science and diplomacy.  While these parts are certainly a part of the game, they have habit of getting into one another's way.  Given that, the game's focus tends to be in ship design, logistics and space battles.  But most of all, this game lacks diverse content that is usually a requirement for any 4X game.  The game's pacing also feels like it's not been thought out, with research, exploration, and conquest all working on their own pace, instead of supporting each other.The good parts of the MOO2 are there, no doubt, and they will suck you into the game for a good 10 hours or so, before the flaws start to shine through the gaps in the awesome.  The alien species that seemed varied at the first sight, start to all feel more same-y with only a slight twist after a while, the short tech tree is past future-tech at the point around third of the galaxy is explored -- I haven't even met all species before the tech tree is done, and I am quite certain this problem will just seem all the more clear if you like to play research-centric species, which I do not.On the other hand, the random-ish events and whatnot give some background into the galaxy, and fill some gaps nicely.  The worlds slowly turning into core-worlds, ski resorts built into tundra worlds and beaches of the ocean worlds all give nice flavor to your empire's worlds.  Designing ships is also fun, and quite likely the best part of the game.  Only thing I would love to have in the design is more options later on, but in the early-game, there were more than enough.  The problem there comes only later on, when you can just cram some full of long-distance weaponry and near-impenetrable shields, at which point any opposition just gets obliterated.The diplomacy mechanics of the game are also good, which is a pity, since every alien you meet will want to murder you, however peaceful they claim they are (they usually don't).  The only empire I have ever managed to hold peace with, was the one trying to constantly steal my technology, to the point where I wanted to murder them instead.  And this is the problem with the alien species.  While they seem like really cool ideas with built-in shout-outs, you will soon see a certain pattern there.  There are Cthulhu-esque theocrats that want to murder you for not worshipping their gods, wolf-like evil warriors who want to murder you for the evulz, space-bears that want to murder you for honor, mind-controlling molluscs that want to enslave you out of boredom, robot hive-mind that want to murder you for lebensraum and plant-like ""peaceful creatures"" that quite likely just wanted to enjoy the gentle optics of my laser beam arrays on my ships.  The tendency of everyone trying to murder you, combined with AI's suicidal optimism and overconfidence about their odds about winning a war tend to lead them declaring war on you just to get horribly murdered instead.  And while this was fun the first time, it grew old fast.  There simply aren't any aliens that like to win the game, instead of giving you excuse to fight to showcase the game's combat mechanics.The space combat itself seems OK, and ship designs seem to really matter.  The AI seems to just move towards you guns blazing though, regardless of its ship designs.  The UI is good enough, if sometimes a bit annoying, especially if you like to use fighters, since selecting ships is sometimes not as straightforward as it should be.The absolute worst part of the game is ground combat.  It seems like an afterthought and the UI makes it constant misclickfest at it.  It is skippable, but the automagic resolution doesn't do as good job as you would with some equipment, so it becomes just a chore to be done before you can continue on the fun parts of the game.In the end, the focus on the extermination and conquest strip the game of many of the strategic elements it should be capable of.  The space and ground combat lack good enough AI to actually showcase the best parts of the game -- the ship design.  The replayability also suffers when every game ends up in a war with only slightly varied opponents.  That being said, the game's strategic mechanics are excellent, and most of the bigger problems COULD be fixed with patches.  Even with all its flaws, this is probably one of the best space 4X games after Master of Orion 2.  The problem is, I still rather play MOO2, which currently costs quarter of this game's prize.  If this game would cost 10€, I would recommend it, but for this cost, it just doesn't offer enough.tldl: If you can look past some flaws and/or have infinite money to spend, this is a good grab.  Not worth 20€, probably not even worth 15€ at 1.1 patch.  If you can get it sub-10€, get it."
76561198055665505,Recommended,252450,23911697,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Emptymug,"Alright so I've played this game qutie a bit, and through multiple updates.Not gonna lie when I frst played I swept the map off all enemies relatively fast due to the AI building super terrible ships. Then the update happened and the AI went from full retard to Genghas Khan. It was terrifying. Those peaceful little plants were now set on a singular warpath to use my mortal remains as fertillizer for their unending hordes.Ship design is great, however that being said some ships are slightly unsymetrical which will drive those of us that are OCD insane.The DLC that turns the map into hexes is awesome. suddenly tactics in space becomes a thing besides throwing my brave (Or not so brave) space men to their deaths.Pro-tip for those that buy and play this regularly, SPAM BUILDING SPIES. ALWAYS. Otherwise well... You didn't really need that lead in tech did you?"
,Recommended,252450,15665725,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,gilivray,Only a few hours into my first campaign and I am definitely enjoying the improvements since the first StarDrive game.
76561197976679988,Recommended,252450,15666865,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Optical,"Plenty hours of fun. Challenging and los of replay value. Initial release plagued by bugs. Most patched up, but still minor discrepancies in gameplay."
76561198036361182,Not Recommended,252450,16032596,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Roerram,"With about 20 hours into the game I am done with this game, this should be considered a first impression rather than a review as I don't feel that I have enough time played to call it a review. I will give it the caveat that my system meets the minimum requirements listed, but not the recommended.For me this game is riddled with bugs, I have started 6 games, each of them encountered a game ending situation that wasn't due to game mechanics but rather game engine issues, three times combats that wouldn't hang up the game, twice fleets caught pinned to a planet and when I would retreat it would retreat me to where I started the combat initiating the fight again, and once due to my save file loading me into a frozen game (it wasn't frozen when I saved and logged off for the night).When it works it is an interesting game, however I am looking for a long game played over multiple session not a game that I have to either save constantly in case I need to reload for bugs, or start over."
76561197990833450,Not Recommended,252450,19855156,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Orolyn,I can't recommend this game.  Simply put it is very boring.  It is a shame really that the first StarDrive was discontinued as it was a much better game.
76561198116074444,Recommended,252450,20414095,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Deathwalker9001,Possibly the best Indy space game to grace steam.
76561198050217947,Recommended,252450,20429786,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,VAMPIRE,This is the best game by far.
76561197972484110,Not Recommended,252450,22246502,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mr.Spekkio,"A buggy, unplayable mess. It has been nearly a year now and many of the worst bugs that were ther at launch are still there. This developer has no intention of fixing their game. A shame, because the game could be good if it worked."
,Not Recommended,252450,15407794,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mansayhi,"I am quite dispointed with the game, I loved the first star drive so I thought the 2nd was going to be better.I was quite sad when I found out it's turned base since I hate those. So I don't recommend it because of that unless you like games like that.It's very slow paced. I'm into playing the same level for 6 hours like sid.The map is very small I just started the game and sent a scout to explore the other planets and ran into a enemy within minutes and got wrecked.So until they patch it or make it any better I don't recommend buying it, it is a waste of money either that or they need to lower the price it's not worth 20 bucks. More like 12 or 15 at most.Steam can I have my money back?"
,Recommended,252450,19580918,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,This Is Spartaaa!,"I like 4xgame. I like Stardrive. I like Stardrive 2. But! There's something missing. It was the will. Someone's will. It was Zero's will, Developer will. The will to continue to strive the game. If there is ever Stardrive 3 in the next year, Thats it. Im finished with the Dev, but still, I will continue to love the game. The game is awesome. The game before this was awesome too. Peace out. And I've stop drinking for good.Now I drink for evil."
76561197982514036,Not Recommended,252450,15853770,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Deslart,"Would LOVE to write a review for this, but after spending a day trying to get it to just load (and I have checked every single possible thread online, still the thing won't go past 97%) I am forced to say DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The developers are a mess and I will not buy a single title from them again. EVER."
76561198014954444,Not Recommended,252450,21751040,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Klaus.Peter,"Das Spiel war ja schon ohne den DLC doof. Mit dem DLC ist es noch doofer.- Noch mehr Bugs- Noch längere Ladezeiten- Noch schlechtere Gesamtperformance (Ruckler in fast allen Bereichen des Spiels)- Noch mehr Unübersichtlichkeit auf der Sternenkarte (Symbole zu klein und Unterscheidung der Flotten fast unmöglich)- Siegbedingungen nicht wählbar (Ja, die 1k Rundenbegrenzung gilt auch IMMER für den Epischen-Modus: LOL)- usw. usw. keinen Bock mehr hier noch mehr hin zu schreiben. Habe mich mindestens über 20 verschiedene Punkte aufgeregt.Fazit: Das Spiel zu spielen kommt einer Strafe gleich. Es spielt sich als wenn man auf Schleifpapier herumkaut. Es ist an keiner Stelle smooth. BÄÄÄHHH, ganz ehrlich!"
,Recommended,252450,18540095,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sports Bra,as of this writing more of a beta then a true release.  similar to sd 1 but diplomacy has been rebalnced to a mostly functional level combat has changed allot.  stratigic is a turn based system that has everything happen on a turn so gives more control but doesnt allow fine tuning or mid battle re-inforcements.  space battles or on a map and aside from above the same.  ground combat has been revamped allot and is now actualy controlable.  still has a laundry list of bugs and bunnies to be worked out. this includes the diplomacy mentioned above.  however it IS playable and while i have found some strange and annoying glichs have not run into any that will kill gameplay.
,Recommended,252450,18554092,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,davidgressett1971,"This 4x space game has several excellent differentiators. The ship-building has more depth than many other games in the genre; where you place your systems really matters. You get more tactical control of battles than some others, also. From the strategic side, supply lines are widely distributed and cannot be defended on all points; just like reality.Have not encountered the glitches that others reported; maybe because my gaming machine has plenty of RAM? Don't know. Works pretty smoothly IMO.Final word is that this game is fun to play. Recommend."
76561198015987416,Recommended,252450,18591948,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The One Percent,"The first StarDrive was massively fun, even with all its glitches, flaws and so forth, StarDrive 2 seems to extend that level of fun and unique challenge that the first one had, while still having all its flaws and Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ness and such, even tho its a indie game, its from Iceburg, they have many other fun and well done games, but it seems that StarDrive just lacks that kind of loving they put into the others.All in all, I would recommend this game as it is still fun and challenging."
76561198021652296,Recommended,252450,18632684,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dashotosho,"TLDR: Get it for $10 or less until the develpoer fixes some things.Sound: 7/10  Not bad music, not great but random enough to not be repetitive.  Some of the tunes are catchy.  Need better beam and cannon weapon sounds IMO, maybe more rocket sounds.Gameplay: 8/10  Bugs need fixing and balance needs working.Interface: 7/10  Some real good ideas here but some tooltips arewayoff.Graphics: 8/10  Pretty darn good!  Not many better ones graphics wise out there.Replayability: 10/10  So many options between races and the ability to customize said races. (like Endless Space) Different techs and ship builds to try.Okay so here goes the long version.Is the game fun? Very.How would I describe it based on other games?  Averygood mix of Sword of the Stars and Endless Space, but single player.A bit more detail on the gameplay... there really needs to be some form of diplomatic victory.  I was actually very surprised to find out the only way to ""win"" the game is to annihilate everyone else.  There aren't even alliances so to speak.  I mean you can make another race love you to pieces by throwing gifts at them constantly or making real good deals with them but in the end youMUSTturn on them and kill them.  I really like the ""masters"" (not oging to spoil it) aspect because it's something new.  Other than that it's another new 4X space game that is made very well.  A lot of people complain about the ground combat, it is somewhat buggy but not terrible.  Think Heroes of Might and Magic for the ground combat and you get the idea.  Minus the hero.  Now ground combat... what's the point exactly?  Other than doing some side missions along the way you never need ground units.  You can nuke the planet from orbit and given the right wepons there won't even be any fallout or anything to deal with before you sprout a new colony there.  Youcantake over the enemy colony through ground combat and keep their workers and such but it's better to just grow your own over time so you won't have conflicting race issues killing the happiness.Balance wise.. it's kind of sad when you figure out your best bet is to slap on as many Disruptor Cannons((turret version) which are pretty low tech) as possible and the only thing really better is the ""ultimate weapon"" I won't spoil.  You'll want a few beams to take out ""pest"" ships like fighters but other than that... Disruptor Cannon spam FTW.For the bugs, oh boy..    Here's an example.  There's a construction ship you can build and (without tech) it can deploy into one of two things.  Either a refuling station which is kind of obvious or a listening post which is basically a large area stationary scout.  Now when your ships run out of fuel they automatically make a bee line at half speed for the nearest planet or refuling station right?  No no, apparently the listening post will also fuel your ships and never run out either soooooo.... what does the refuling station do again?  Maybe I'm missing something but I can't see how this is intentional.Another bug I have often is the inability to refit ships.  You can select a ship you have and select an updated model and send it to the nearest planet for refitting but I have a bug often where it just won't let me refit them, instead of doing anything when I hit the button to refit it just unselects them and nothing happens.  Reloading the entire game fixed this once but not always..Another problem I ran into that was extremely frustrating was I got into a ground combat at my planet where, right in front of my starting line, was an incline which blocked line of sight completely for mystationarydefense turret, making it completely useless because it couldn't even fire on the square in front of it.  The LOS issues are real bad due to random(I think?) terrain layouts being seriously against you.The tooltips need some major work too.  There's a structure you can get through tech that deploys from a construction ship and acts as a ""space highway"" to move your ships around faster.  Only the problem is the description leads me to believe you deploy two of them and it's a ""start and end"" scenario and you can redirect them (selct a new end point I guess?) based on the tooltip but that's not at all how they work.  How theyreallywork is you deploy them all over the place and they have an ""area of effect"" that your ships move super speeds through.  Which actually works out better I think but redirecting them does absolutely nothing so there's no point and the tooltip is way off for what it actually does.By far the biggest tooltip issue I have is the readout of how much power your ships use up per second, it is so far off it's amazing.  Weapons have a power ""requirement"" and an amount of power they ""use when firing"" and the first appears to be spot on, it won't let you make a ship loadout that doesn't have the power to use what's on it.  The second however is terribly off, you basically have to look at all your weapons individually (which there can be 30 some odd on a titan) and add them all up to see if your power output is going to cut it.  Sorry but I don't really think math problems (even simple ones) should be part of designing a ship loadout when it's supposed to be calculated for you.  For instance I can have 4 beam weapons that all consume 100 power when they fire and the information will tell me I'm generating +300 power per second more than it's using and the ""time until power is fully drained"" is ""infinite"" but no, not at all no.  What really happens is two of the beams will fire and I'm out of power for a few seconds and by the time the other two can fire the first two are off cooldown.  So that needs some serious tweaking.There's some more issues I can't really remember at the moment but the game has them for sure.  Is the game worth buying?  Heck yeah it's really fun, there's some good humor in it and it's a solid 4X game.... or will be once it's fixed.  It's very playable, you just have to figure out what the issues are as you go and work around them.  Currently there is no way to achieve the ""ending"" that I'm aware of, it seems to have been glitched out in the last patch, sad.  However, the game is certainly not worth $30 right now.  Get it on sale for under $10 or wait until you see someone make a review saying it's fixed or something.On a final note, T-Rexes with lasers strapped to their heads are amazing, this is the only point in ground combat."
,Recommended,252450,18474622,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Grey0n3,"4x, still love them, easter egg reminder of Master of Orion :)CONS> no options/filter to show more advanced modules - have to check what is better all the time - really bugs......"
76561197975297012,Not Recommended,252450,15757953,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,snoopaloops,"Do not buy, week 3 and the game still can't get past loading. And even if it did stardrive 1 is superior in almost every way. You are dead to me zerosum."
,Not Recommended,252450,15805453,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Lencalot,"I absolutely love a ton of features in this game. But there are some things that make this game beyond broken and not worth the money.Firstly, the AI is stupid, it buys every upgrade, masses little ships, has no strategy, and on higher difficulties all it does is cheat more, no extra strategy, just gets extra stuff for free. It has complete map awareness at all times, knows where your fleets are on any difficulty, and a plethera of other aweful things.Secondly there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of ♥♥♥♥ing bugs that makes me question, how on earth this game even is released as a compelte game. Crashes all the damn time, during space fights enemies will run off the map where you can't see them, so the fight never ends and the only option is to forfiet destroying all of your ships... Seriously that is the only thing you can do, and hope you saved before the battle.The end game is bad, just plain bad. There are 70 solar systems in a normal game, and the information displayed to you makes it nearly impossible to navigate your enourmous empire. Allocating resources, troops, knowing populations, will take you about 40 minutes a turn once you start to get a lot of stuff. It's not am enjoyable 40 minutes either, it's trying to remember how much population planets have, which planets are where, what type of abundance are they, etc etc. and you generally have to navigate 3 to 4 different screens just to try and gather all this information... It is beyond frustrating.There are some wonderful features in this game,random encounters, ship design, good humor in the stories of heros and missions, andship battles(if there was a bit more strategy, but it's still fun blasting 100 enemy ships into dust with long rauge gauss cannons before they reach you). But these features will not satisfy you. Avoid blowing your money on this game and support a game that actually designs quality games."
,Not Recommended,252450,15796691,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ascended ai,"Just buy the first one.The combat in this one is stale. The Ai just spams smaller ships that use rockets, so equip 20 ships with long range weaponry and just retreat to win. Battles also take so long and don't feel like they have a big impact on the game.In the first Stardrive the space battles felt important, theres a huge fight above your homeworld and you have to decide to divert a fleet there or to your border planet that has huge production, all in real time.The ground combat in the first one felt epic, throwing hundreds of soldiers at a planet and watching this huge battle. The second one is turn based with special abilities and feels dry as ♥♥♥♥.Only thing the second one does better is graphics, diplomacy, and empire borders.For real, if this game interes you just buy Stardrive 1, you'll enjoy it way more."
,Recommended,252450,15440901,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Chungus The Chungnifficent,"It just feels a little unfinished. Lack of key rebindings, no ""controls"" menu anywhere - so you're on your own on that one. Doesn't feel fleshed out at all, Stardrive 1 felt like a far more complete experience compared to this. Really doesn't feel finished, yeah it might look pretty but the gameplay feels a little empty. The diplomacy system lacks any sort of character, too, which is sad considering Stardrive 1 wasn't so bad with that.It just overall feels wayyy less complete than Stardrive 1, just go buy that and install some mods.I recommend buying Stardrive 1 over this."
76561197996388991,Not Recommended,252450,15319388,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Amaror,"There's a lot to like about this game.The ship design is in depth and works pretty great. It's great fun to design ships with specific roles since every decision were you put which parts matters.But there are also a lot of issues and some of them show that this is an indie developer and not someone very adept at game design.1. The combat is just boring. It has a lot of good things about it. The graphics are pretty, the ships move in cool ways and it's pretty tactical. But it just moves soooo slow. There is no option to speed of the passage of time which kills the pacing in these battles. First you position your troops, then you wait half a minute were they crawl across the map until their actually in firing range and then you wait till the ships slowly widdle down each others help until you're done. It's just too damn slow. I once had to wait two minutes being bored because my big ships turned too slowly and always missed a fast small ship of the enemy. The last one. The ship was way too weak to even get through my ships shields, but i still had to wait two whole minutes until my ships finally hit that little bugger.2. The ground combat is even worse. It's designed in an Xcom sort of way were you move your units around a grid to attack and finally kill the enemies. But it's just not fun. It takes way too long to finish any mission, because the enemies always have about 10 times your numbers and all you can do is crawl through the level.Rule number one of game design: If you can't implement a feature properly don't implement it. These ground battles, which you can't auto resolve by the way, only add tedium to the game and are not fun to play.3. This all would not have been terrible if the strategy part of the game would have been great, but it's not. The game crawls very slowly. Often you are just forced to end turn after turn without doing anything, because the pollution mechanics means your production is pretty much always♥♥♥♥♥♥and takes forever to finish anything. The research isn't all that interesting and worst of all it locks you out of technologies unless you make a creative race or use the horrible diplomacy to trade for the tech.4. I heard from quite a few people that the AI cheats massively and stomps you with unkillable armies in the later game, but i didn't even get that far without growing bored.Don't buy. It's not good."
76561198137097053,Recommended,252450,27968394,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skylord,"This game is great if you can get it to work. If it looks interesting I'd say it's worth it, but if you run into any glitches early on, that aren't minor, return or it will likely come back to hurt you later on."
76561197963161192,Recommended,252450,19198004,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,GunzMonday,I really enjoy this game.  I like the tile laying ship design.  I like how I can give general default orders to my ships like face forward or broadside and hold position or keep moving.  I ifnd the art and humor charming.  This is a great spiritual succesor to MOO2.
76561198036774739,Recommended,252450,19222886,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,zeldagam3r,It's a pretty fun game. The only problems I really have with it is that I wish it was more complex and in depth. Especailly ground combat.
,Recommended,252450,19221677,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Spook,"While the turn based  gameplay of stardrive 2 is a change from the real time stardrive 1, it is still fun."
,Recommended,252450,21063038,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FJPT,"Very adictive early to mid game.Very boring to conquer and manage all those planets late game, even on tiny galaxies.Positive overall."
,Recommended,252450,20447480,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Imperial Genesis,"4x space empire building game which uses mechanics which are similar to those found in Master of Orion 2. Looks nice, works well under Linux and can be challenging to play.One of the nicest features is being able to design your own ships based on 5 types of hulls, where each race has their own hull configuration. Meaning that each race has to think about which configuration of weapons, armor and systems is best suited for their ships. Knowing what your opponent is using and how to counter their ship designs is important.Downside of the current game is that there is basically only one way to win the game, by conquering the other races. However in the coming DLC different victory types will be added, alongside a sectors mechanic and a revamped ground combat mechanic."
76561198032331836,Recommended,252450,21189468,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kholtoff,"Very nice game with fun and easy experience in 4x space empire game. Better that first game - easier, less stuff but better packed and gameflow runs more smoothly. Replayed few times, especially as there is not much space stratgies on the market."
76561198044759443,Recommended,252450,20881513,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Xerberus86,a great Master of Orion 2 -like turn based 4x space game with deep ship customization and nice visuals &  artstyle.has some rough edges (mainly UI & game settings) but has a nice total war-esque feel which differentiate itself from the other available games and offers a great gameplay value for 4x-lovers in search for galaxy conquest.
76561198051025067,Not Recommended,252450,15416077,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,shiney,"Don't waste your money on this highly disappointing, poorly balanced game.To think that a company which relies on it's yes/no votes would be foolish enough to put out a game that seems to be not play tested, the game looks fine, but it's woeful in it's balance.  Just as you're starting to expand you get smashed to pieces by enemy ships just so it can be 'challenging'.  To be challenging suggests that you have a chance and with the AI's supurb understanding of micromanagement and probably gigantic starting lead/cheating, even on the easier levels and even 'after' it was supposedly made easier on the easy levels.I'm so insensed by how poor this game plays that I've even spent time writing a review [first time ever] to keep others from wasting their money on this unfinished piece of c$%#."
,Not Recommended,252450,15420703,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Kalle_Paulsen,The game is badly imbalanced.The AI clearly cheats.Ground combat rules make no sense whatsoever.Just frustrating.
76561198006259428,Not Recommended,252450,15417394,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Serafild 2.1,"I'm not even sure to recomend it or not,There is soooooo many bug and even more when you get late game! My ship simply cannot use wormhole because they keep ''overshooting'' the thing! I even sometime see the AI having trouble with the bug.The auto combat is stupid! Got 5 of my titan coming out with all of their armor destroyed against a few cruiser and corvette when i can easily take out a fleet of 10+ battleship with a single titan. Same thing with ground combat! My mech get almost destroyed and reduced to 5-20 hp when they are maxed at 220! It would be fine if i could heal them outside combat but nooo. They can regenerate 5hp/turn but can't regenerate 50 hp in 10 years. even with a hospital built. Not enough time i guess....And one funny bug that i found but not able to recreate is when i switch fleet with the AI, i control his ship and he control mine so i just suicide his long-range ship and send one by one his close range ship...And there are many more bug that i wont list since i dont have all day to do that and this is not the place to put them but still, the game look like it should be in early access not fully release.The space combat mechanic are annoying and long for no reason if you cant simply click and forget and hope for the best for your ship, you need to set the range of your ship every single time you do a battle you need to set the formation of your ship every single time you need to order your supply ship or support ship to retreat at the start of the battle every single time. Cant you save you setting so you dont have to do this every single time??? And when you try to select your ship to give them order you almost always select another one if they are too close.The ground combat could use improvement too, if you are colorblind you will have a hard time to see the range of your weapon and then you when you try to select one of your troop you better not have forgotten that you have your rocket launcher selected on the last dude you tried to shoot because boom you just lost 3 of your men because of thatThe diplomacy is almost optional, if you have slightly less ship than the AI does (and you will since the AI can produce them faster than you can with all of your planet focusing production) the AI will ask for tribute at best and then war if you dont agree. After the war the AI will be mad at you because you defended yourself and will ask for tribute after the peace ended and if you dont agree he will declare war again. If you can, try to have trade route with him before he get angry so you can at least get some money before the war.You cant even have an aliance there is no research to do so and the AI would problably just say no anywayBut i still have fun when the AI does not send 137 ship agaisnt me when my supply limit is 30 (not kidding) and when he bomb my planet without any bomb on his ship (i checked every single one of his ship and no bomb on his design!)I wil play more game where i will rage when near the end because my ship just doesnt do what i tell them to do like attack or intercept the enemy fleet or use the wormhole because they keep ''overshooting''I like the game but there is so much that can be done to improve the gameplay its great and it have a good potential but dont buy the game unless you realy want to play it, there is many other game where you can have more fun.There is a lot of bad thing i have to say about the game but its only because i want it to be better!"
,Not Recommended,252450,21987938,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Meliora,"There are plenty of other reviews that can get more specific, and this one won't get high enough rated to influence any decisions anyway.  So, I'll keep this short and simple.It's the standard almost great experience, with one fatal flaw that gets denied to the death by ""true fans"" and will never be fixed.  If you liked MOO2, you'll love.  Otherwise, I recommend Star Drive 1.  It has everything you'll enjoy about this one, with none of the stuff that will leave you feeling like you had a bad experience."
76561197978526477,Not Recommended,252450,15670683,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,L3ra$,"Very interesting game.Stardrive No1 kept me occupied for years.I kept restarting again and again so i can try out the different races.Overall i must have finished the game around 10 times.I will not say the same for No2I spent around 20 hours on it before i get bored.And i can't find something to unbore me with it..-Identical AI with First game. which was one of the game's major flaws.You can never beat this AI.You might win one race and by the time you are done with them your allies start stealing planets of them trying to annoy you into starting a war with them but ...If you do they will destroy you because by the time you finish opponent No1 opponent No2 is building a fleet against YOUR fleet ship by ship.I warn you before you find yourself frustrated.This hasn't changed from Stardrive 1.I took my first ship and run early to AI planets to see how fast they move.Their exploration ship has never moved from their planet within the first 50 rounds.But when you meet them they have a full empire stronger than yours no matter how fast you make your moves.the only thing artificial about this intelligence is the CHEATING part!More.. :-Identical Shipyard with S1-Identical ships with S1-Identical technologies with S1.ATI 6990 (3GB RAM) with 24 GB of Physical RAMand the game stutters to infinity when ships are more than 10 and they all fire rockets.When one fleet is more than 100 ships the whole map stutters if you select that fleet.keeps stuttering until you deselect it.As long as you stick to 5 ships max it should be ok...I have absolutely no reason to speak bad about this game other than the fact that i strongly believe i wasted 30 euros!If you have a very strong fleet the AI will create an INFINITE fleet to attack you and when it happens your PC freezes all the way until all your ships are broken to pieces.This is Stardrive 1 remastered to be turn based and with some serious flaws removed and a lot of others added.Some stuff are improved but a lot of stuff have deteriorated from Stardrive 1 to a point where i don't feel like playing any more.This game is what every 4x game should be about.I just consider it to be a beta, and not yet ready.It's a great game if it ever improves. but not yet.I loved S1 and hoped and waited for S2 so some flaws could be corrected.Now after seeing the end result... i have to admitStardrive 2 was a waste of my money!"
76561198024832556,Not Recommended,252450,15702511,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lowping,"While StarDrive 2 is a hard and entertaining game, but it's biggest problem seems to be performance. I can not in good conscience recommend this game as it becomes unplayable the more time you invest in a game.Around the time when you can make the biggest ships in the game the ""titans"" the game is becoming increasingly more laggy. The fps takes a dive the more ships you have in your fleet attacking any other, and while that is to be expected. You must have a large fleet to combat the enemy's equally large fleet.Another issue is the transition from combat to world map. Once you finish a battle between two larger fleets it can take in my personal experience several minutes (3-5 min) before all the damage taken, damage given and any earned medals that are given to the ships are done calculating and the statistics of the battle are shown. So unless there would be a limit to sizes of fleets or increased performance of the game, I won't be playing it again nor will I be recommending it"
,Not Recommended,252450,15878408,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lt_Stash,Utter BS that is the combat system in this game. Don't waste your time.
76561197970225416,Recommended,252450,22060306,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gunfreak,Recommend
76561198008891109,Not Recommended,252450,22285984,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,efeoztez,"This is not a game, this is collection of bugs!Has a huge potential to be one of the best 4X space strategy games.But even after expansion the game is barely in beta stage.Not possible to play and to finish the game.Because I really like the content, concept and design I tried a lot but the programming is so bad and buggy, unfortunately it is impossible to go on.Dev also left StarDrive unfinished and most possibly It will be the fate of StarDrive 2, too. Actually I have 'ZERO' hope.I am ok with the money I gave for an unfinished game and expansion just because of the beautiful ship design stage. I really enjoyed it.But I will not buy StarDrive 3 next year...STEAM IS FULL WITH FAKE POSITIVE REVIEWS!WRITE YOUR NEGATIVE REVIEWS FOR PEOPLE!"
76561197994799772,Recommended,252450,24123316,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198019444335,Recommended,252450,15606369,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lordlandraider,"Liked it better when it was real time, but whatever."
76561198010913857,Not Recommended,252450,15413087,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dragun16,"Slow Start, Slow espionage, really slow diplomacy, lack of any Defaul population job managment, overly simplistic battle controls.All in all its a great game if you are a moder or use mods an change just about everything about the core game.Also great is you LOVE to micro manage things, just need a execute population button an it be perfict....I liked some of the ship building, was well done, the races having personalitys was well done an the tech advancement was alittle confusing at times but ok over all, thats were it stoped though, the rest of the core game needs much love."
76561198080386452,Recommended,252450,22367239,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MasterGamer,"StarDrive 2 Future DLC ideas or Ideas for StarDrive 3You should make another dlc that allows lunar colonization. It is a shame you cannot colonize moons, gas giants, or even stars. What what am I talking about? Well the moon part should be very easy to understand Ganymede is larger than Mars and if it wasn't orbiting Jupiter, it would be another planet in our Solar System between Mars and Venus in size. Titan, Europa, Triton, Calisto, and Io are also moons of relative planetary likeness. I know adding in ""EVERYTHING"" would be an impossible task, but you could at least extend to eight planet bodies with at most 4 moons. Although moonlets like Phobos could also be considered but for decoration since it would addup too much clutter. So you can have additional ""moons,"" but you they would just be for show, like what you currently have for moons.What I would consider is something like Endless Space but instead of solar systems, you click on a planet it will pop up that particular planet with its moons (the ones you can colonize) right after the planetary entity.http://media.moddb.com/images/mods/1/21/20976/EndlessSpace-2012-05-05-22-51-52-96.jpg.jpeg- Like this, just with the first entity on the left being either a gas giant or a large planet like entity and its most likely to colonize moons.You can click on each celestial body and it will pop up into your planetary management window that you would currently experience with StarDrive 2.This also means you might need to modify the govenment management tab so that you can easily list moons with planets. Since this is quite a lot, you should also be able to have automation with a little more focus on what you can do to modify how your governors behave. Sort of like a gambit system from FFXII (Final Fantasy XII), build, if not build, then trade or maximize on science. You can do the same with fleet admirals as well. This is very similar to what you can already experience in Distant Worlds.This way when you decide to colonize say Titan, you send a colony ship to Saturn and it will pop up a menu in which you can look Saturn and its moons.Colonizing a Gas Giant is something more practical after you develop matter alteration technology, although you should be able to mine it before colonize it. Similar you should be able to mine Asteroids and worlds without an atmosphere before you can colonize it. Mining should allow you to gain resources, thus increase income and gain access to valuable resources, but you won't be able to build anything or have a thriving population until you colonize it. This could be done with a constructor.Eventually you should be able to colonize a star, but this is done in steps after you have the technology to colonize a gas giant, starting with Brown Dwarfs, then Red Dwarfs, then Average Stars, then Giant Stars, then White Dwarfs, then Supergiants, and then Neutron Stars.What is this technology. Well you can create floating population centers similar to the one in Star Wars Episode V. This also means there should be different types of gas giants. Helium, Hydrogen, Methane and Oxygen types. Hydrogen is easiest to synthesize, making it the easiest to colonize when you got the right tech. Helium is difficult, but offers an easier abundance of Helium-3. Methane types also offer valuable resources and oxygen types are more practical for environmental residences, because you already have air you can breathe, well with minimal adjustments considered of course.As for Stars, we are talking about a dyson sphere. Take everything concerning a gas giant and just multiple your gains a hundred fold at least.You also need those sorts of anomalies you can mine like in Galactic Civilization 3. Antimatter is easier to acquire from a black hole and that needs to be a resource you should acquire. I suggest looking at Distant Worlds, Endless Space and Galactic Civilizations 3 to see what types of resources should be considered as strategic for certain uses necessary in the game."
76561197976327138,Recommended,252450,21767407,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,becephalus,"This is a great game in the vein of MOO2.  It has the cool but silly races/leaders.  It has an even better ship customization system, and it has a an interesting battle mechanic.  Much of the problems with the ground combat have been corrected in the recent expansion, and once all the niggling bugs with the new content are ironed out this will be something I can put a ton fo time into.  There have already been two decent sized patches for the expansion content.Lets hope there are a few more."
76561198024243254,Recommended,252450,21642987,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FigaroMoscow,"Не ожидал и был приятно удивлен увидеть в нераскрученном проекте интересный геймлей и глубину проработки идей. Подинный наследник идей Мастера Ориона, также есть реализация идей других проектов. Бои динамичные с возможностью ручного контроля. Основная фишка - крафт кораблей и их проверка боем. Квесты на глобальной карте дают неожиданные технологии. Наземные бои грешат яркими тонами в отображении сетки ходов, но терпимо. Наземные юниты также настраиваются в экипировке. Космический флот получает опыт и ранги, наземные - нет, но 4 грамотно настроенных юнита побеждают все бои с ИИ. В дополнение есть отдельный боевой режим. Очень интересный проект. Рекомендую, особенно тем, кто играл в Master of Orion 2."
76561198030845040,Recommended,252450,27418548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zozobop,Love the game Love Star Drive 1.  Just the AI cheats way to much even on easy.
76561198009544618,Not Recommended,252450,15454612,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Hiruuamon,"At this time, I jsut can't recommend this game, as it gimps players severely to compensation to the AI.  There are some really great mechanics in the game, and ship design is alot of fun, but all the handicaps are a bore.  Endless Space is still my high mark for this genre, and hopefully the final build of GalCiv3 does it...this one...hmmm...not so much."
76561198004022924,Not Recommended,252450,15458047,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Jinz1216,"AS of now i played several games which all failed on all difficulties due to bugs, i have a bug where i can move all my ppl but production/science/farming does not change anymore on any planet .On easy i get constantly attacked by other fractions becasue they always want money which is kind of annoyingOn Normal the same, with bug that i cant change any pdoduction and so onon Hard i just get pooped on :D maybe cause im not that good but the bugs are really annoying as of now the game is not worth it :(And i cant withdraw becasue i keep constantly being in battle againBut i have to say the actual gameplay (without the constant asking of the bots of 5% or 10% of your moeny/ bug )is fantastic and the mechanics as well."
76561197972313569,Not Recommended,252450,15460543,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,SmiteMeister,"Very close to a real recommendation, but the UI is too awkward and useless to qualify. If this changes, I'd recommend it completely."
,Not Recommended,252450,15455864,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Trevinator,"Maybe I have the game setup wrong, but every single time I try and play the game, I get forced to go into a battle long before I ever am able. Diplomacy works, you make a peace treaty with the aggressive AI, only to get hit with a message next turn that 'your people believe that the enemy is trying to take over your space and should be dealt with.'If you agree with them, you get 500 gc, and subsequently annihilated because even 1 turn after negotiating peace you still arent freaking ready.Or, you can tell them to screw off, and well what do you know? There is an uprising that whipes out your fledgling fleet entirely.So, this game franchise goes from being really cool, to the second iteration which is impossible to play through.tl;dr Your enemy can build things 10x faster than you, and either you attack them and lose, or your own people will attack you and you still lose the game."
76561198024344602,Not Recommended,252450,15439292,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jasonlowen1974,I don't recomend this game in it's current state.  I've seen a few posters and reviews complaining about a colonization bug where the colony ship bounces around the colony but won't bring up the colony confirmation screen.  I'm also having this problem.  Most people don't seem to have this issue so it looks like something that won't be patched.
76561198035964558,Not Recommended,252450,15910490,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,chesh05,"""I guess the bottom line is that I would've rather had a remake than this version of the game. ""For the purposes of this review, I'm going to ignore the fiasco that happened with the first game. From here on out, let's continue with the assumption that had the first game been finished as it was intended, it would have gone on to become a great game - if you don't already consider it to be one. Why am I bringing this up? Stardrive 2 is a sequel. It is NOT a remake of the first game. And as a sequel, I""m going to compare it to the first one just like I would any other sequel.So first things first:Stardrive 2 is turn based - not real time. While some people might like this change, I for one HATE it. I personally feel that a sequel should try to be somewhat similar to its predecessors and this change is a bit overwhelming for me. I mean we went from RTS to Turn Based, and while I do genuinely like some turn based games (Civilization comes to mind), it felt very awkward for this game because I just wasn't expecting it I suppose.The planetary menu/information screen has changed quite a bit. All the planets have hexes (instead of tiles) you can build on now and all hexes are unlocked where before Biospheres were important for unlocking all tiles on any given planet. I actually like this change quite a bit. Tiles that were disabled seemed too arbitrary before and this hex system seems much more balanced. Furthermore I LOVE the citizen/workers. You can now quite easily reassign any citizen(s) to a different role (Farmer, Scientist, etc.) and I think overall this change was extremely well done. It is far less tedious trying to get a new planet established than the original Stardrive which had major issues when you got ""Bad Starting Territory.""Of course the space battles and ship design have always been the major attraction to the Stardrive series and this game does not fall short in that department. I feel like the ship design has been tweaked slightly from the first game and I also consider this to be an improvement. Since the game is now turn based, you get encounters when engaging in space combat. There is first a deployment stage where you can move your ships around and decide what positions/formation you want them to be in, followed by the actual battle. You may NOT give attack orders during the initial phase. I find this to be quite frustrating for someone who likes to micromanage the entire fight but overall combat is still done very well.Now on to a few matters that really drive me nuts!CP stands for command points. Ships cost command points to maintain every turn and if you go over your CP limit, you now have to pay a heavy BC fee (BC stands for Billions of Credits IIRC). This forces one of two things: you either maintain an ENORMOUS empire, or you are forced to have a small fleet. Small as in compared to the first game. Hell I remember the nerf from the original Stardrive. I never actually looked up the patch notes, I just remember loading up one of my files where a had a huge fleet and looking at my massively negative income. I don't know if credit income was nerfed or ship maintenance fees were increased but I truly loved the massive fleet sizes you could attain in the original Stardrive before that patch. Even after it you could still field a somewhat large fleet. But that's the problem. I played the Original first and I know how much fun it is to watch that many ships having a chaotic space battle. In Stardrive 2 a LARGE battle is something like 20 vs 20. CP is a soft cap due to BC paying for ships but.... your economy probably can't handle even tens of ships past the limit.The best way to increase your CP is to build new starbases (or their upgrade/Battlestations) on all your planets. So what this comes down to is not how much money you make, but is much more about how many planets you control. Therein lies another problem.I feel like the interface isn't very good for managing a large empire. After playing a few games I quickly learned I was having more fun on cluster settings with the minimum number of systems - 20.  Even at 5 systems you typically control somewhere around 10-15 planets. I can't stand just using the galaxy map at that point. Maybe I'm missing something or maybe the layout of the Empire Overview just isn't what I""m looking for. But ultimately in the original game I wanted a HUGE, MASSIVE EMPIRE! ...But in this game I just want to be small civilization :(Last but not least due to the fact that the number of ships for each race is so small, the initial fight seems to decide the outcome of the entire war. You kill their fleet, you go on to take over all their planets with little difficulty (Neuro Toxic Bombs quite easily wipe out the local ground oppostion). The last thing I want in a 4x game during combat is to have only ONE definitive space battle against any one race. Ships are hard to spam fast enough to recover from a loss that quickly, even with a Gaia world.Overall I feel the original game was much better, though there were obvious problems completing the game due to what happened. I guess the bottom line is that I would've rather had a remake than this version of the game.Note that I didn't quite go over EVERYTHING (like leaders) but this review is already long enough and I want anyone who takes the time to read it to make up their own mind."
76561198076630296,Not Recommended,252450,15341689,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Venerable Dyer,"I love the idea of a space civilization attacking eachother for power of the stars, but I dont think it was executed properly. The enemy AI is insane, the starting ships that the races have to offer are not at all compariable with the space pirate ships, and all the work you put into making and building ships is destroyed in seconds when theyre actually in battle. Not to mention, the turorial man never came back to 'see how I was doing' as he said he would. Well, this game is fun, but impossible to understand fully, and very confusing with what youre supposed to do. Waste of 32 dollars."
76561197992737986,Recommended,252450,15291914,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Guv,Though it is a bit early to tell I relly like what I've seen so far.will Update later.
76561198100423643,Not Recommended,252450,33720230,Posted: 22 July,all,Do Nock,compare to Endless Space 2 there is no interest to play at all
76561198120704546,Recommended,252450,21189710,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tynendir,"Edit: After the release of the DLC I would recommend the game with the DLC or without.Most of the bugs are fixed (though some appeared for the DLC vrsion but it was to be expected.Actually it's not really a DLC but an expansion which adds deep and interesting mechanics to the game and improve it a lot.Ground combat has been fixed for the most part (as it has been revamped), balance is still not optimum but we're getting there.Zero is still not the best communicator with detractors but he actually personally helped me and fixed a bug I had (and that some other people had to) in mere minutes.I can't yet judge the change to the AI but it seems that it is more involved diplomatically which hopefully will give it an edge. Overall I would recommend now.Pros:- Great Visuals for a 4X game.- One of the best ship designs there is in a 4X games.- Good tactical combats.- Interesting lore reminiscent of MoO.- Interesting 4X game with a gameplay similar to MoO.- Mod friendly. It's very easy to tweak some Xml files to tweak some stuff out.- DLC is coming and it looks very interesting and improving many areas of the game.Cons:- DLC is coming and yet the game doesn't feel like finished.- Modding community is very small and seem to have deserted the game. There are actually very few functional mods left.- Ground combat is not very interesting.- Balance is lacking in tactical fights. It's too easy to have one type of ship designed and stick with that, obliterating the poorly designed AI ships.- Unbalanced races. Some races have much smaller hulls than others for the same ship categories. They then must rely in more ships to have a chance to win but the more ships you have the harder it will be on your economy.- AI is poor. It's just plain dumb and only manages to keep you on your toes at higher difficulty levels because it cheats (I think).- The game feels like rushed. Lots of bugs still exist after almost a year of release.- The updates are few and far between with amost if any changes to the game and the existing bugs. After almost a year of being released the game saw less than 5 updates (if my memory serves me right).- The developer. Zero seems to lack communication and as such he appears as lazy and not caring about his community. I couldn't say that it is true as I do not know him but it appears to be.In conclusion I cannot recommend the game in its state. I hope that the next DLC will fix and improve many things that are wrong with the game. I do believe that the game is interesting to play and has interesting mechanics for any 4X games fan  but shouldn't be considered a complete game. Definetly not worth 30 bucks, would buy for less than 10."
76561198039360679,Recommended,252450,24983568,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Zookadook1,"I enjoy it and have not had any bugs, like others suggest. I think it is a very fun game and just as good as other galactic strategy games, if not better."
76561197981541999,Recommended,252450,15341112,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Arhea,Plain awesome !
76561198008817486,Recommended,252450,15365214,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Rallaster,"to start this off i got this game with the expectation that it would be forever in the ""work in progress"" catagory but after playing it for a while it seems fairly good.ya there are several bugs and a few spelling and gramar errors but those are minor so far... (couldnt progress in a tech tree because i stole the next level items through spys)the part i have problems with is the optimization because so far the late game battles the frame rate goes through the floor to the point i managed to crash the game.... in hindsight having 25 titan class ships all loaded with nothing but heavy fighters and canopy shields may have been pushing it a bit too much....im also trying to figure out how the ai always seems to have these massive fleets even after you beat one of them there is always another, even on easy altho they are tiny ships...TLDR:... no its not just read the dam thing...overall good game from what ive seen so far"
,Recommended,252450,21813401,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Eric Cartman,"Fun game, especially with the Sector Zero expansion."
76561198058285902,Not Recommended,252450,15291963,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Eeta 'eadstompa,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE MONEYBuy StarDrive 1, it's a far more playable game and is actually enjoyableI realize I'm going to be bashed in the comments by a bunch of fan boys and that's fine because personally after painfully trying to play this game for as long as I did and that I struggled to attempt to enjoy it I don't mind people insulting me, at least I didn't waste perfectly good drinking money on them.Let me start off with saying I loved StarDrive, it still remains one of my favorite games I've played. The dev had quite the gem with it and because of StarDrive, I had no hesitation whatsoever to purchase StarDrive 2, especially after the wonderful discovery of ground combat being added, even bought the digital deluxe one just to show support. I also tried so very hard to enjoy this game, I really did.This game is a sham and a huge letdown, I haven't been this disappointed in a game since Unity came out after Black Flag, and CA tried to pass off Rome 2 as a playable game on launch.Pros-Customizable ships (Although was far superior in StarDrive 1 as well)-Ground combat (Or well, the idea of it anyways.)-4x space game worth playing (When talking about StarDrive 1)Cons-Ground combat (As it's far too easy and seems to be more of an aesthetic feature than anything serious)-Space Combat (StarDrive 1 was far superior to this drivel of a combat simulator, again this is far too easy. Also to mention that in StarDrive 1 you were able to move your ships into systems and they would automatically battle to the death with aliens, not some little battle screen that takes away the fun of the old combat system)-Tech Tree (Now I understand the thrill of being able to only choose one tech from a branch at a time and having to plan it out ahead of time but it gets way too old, far too fast. Being able to build onto previous techs is far more realistic than saying ""Oh hey, should we focus on a rover bay or xeno mine?"" Then you choose one, then suddenly ""Well that's that, why should we bother with the other?"" Now I didn't get too far in detail in the tech tree and if you are capable of going back to research the ones you didn't pick please leave an insulting comment down below although according to the tutorial you had to pick the other ones up through espionage or diplomacy which is fine if you want to get them that way but let us build on as in the first StarDrive)-Turn based (Now the beauty of StarDrive 1 was that it was automatic turns that happened every 4 seconds if I recall correctly (Please leave an insulting comment down below if I'm wrong) having to manually click to the next turn gets irritating because it allows you to ensure everything is done before you want to move on. In my opinion this makes the game far too easy because you never get caught out of sync and have to deal with a random invasion out of the blue, and holding the space button is just demented, they should have added a feature in the menu that lets you select continuous play or turn based. That feature actually set StarDrive 1 apart from Gal Civ for me and pushed it to my favorite.)-Customizable Ships (It feels like the ship design has been modified to make it ""Easier"" but far less creative and worthwhile)-Feels like a dummed down version of the original StarDrive with some aesthetic looks to make it smell less foul.I really am disappointed in Zero and sad to say he's been added to the list of terrible devs. If you have any soul or self respect left, please refund my money. I realize you won't, but you can't blame a guy for trying although I just want the money back for the principal. You may try and pretend that this is ""an exciting and evolutionary step forward for the StarDrive franchise."" But, in actuality it's a sad step backwards. Let's not try to take crap and call it gold, let's just call it for what it is. Even if you won't refund my money, please take this atrocity down from steam and give us an actual enjoyable experience that I came to expect from you. And as stated above, if any fan boys want to insult me, I welcome your comments. Make sure they're extra spicy as well please.Devs behaving like this is why I'm slowly turning more and more to tabletop gaming than video games in my spare time."
,Recommended,252450,15331212,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,rgreat,"Mostly good.Good: More polished then SG1, better 4X elements. Better ground combat.Bad: Ship combat is vastly simplified and stright forward over SD1. A shame."
,Recommended,252450,18958990,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,iskanderlegrand,"A good game. A very ""american"" game (the human starships are a really inspired by american Navy, the Wulfar have german U-boot), but really pleasant. The diplomacy is quite funny, not very developped, but fun. The starships customisation is also quite fun and easy to learn : it can take hours to find the good balance between energy and weapons.The battles, without being extraodinary spectacular, are well made : we quickly see the effects of the customization of starships.One regret : the extra galactic scenario is of no interest. I would have liked to disable it and win only by conquest.I recommand this game.in French :Un bon jeu. Un jeu très ""américain"" (les humains ont des vaisseaux qui ressemblent à ceux de l'US Navy et les Wulfars ont des vaisseaux en forme de sous marins allemands), mais un jeu très plaisant. La diplomatie est assez amusante, pas très développée mais avec du second degré sympa. La personnalisation des vaisseaux est simple et agréable : on peut passer des heures à trouver le bon compromis entre énergie et armement.Les batailles, sans casser des briques, sont bien faites et spectaculaires : on y voit assez vite les effets de la personnalisation des vaisseaux.Un regret : je trouve que le scénario avec les extragalactiques ne sert à rien. On voudrait pouvoir le désactiver entièrement pour simplement conquérir la galaxie, mais on ne peut pas.Je recommande ce jeu."
76561198059607160,Recommended,252450,17125319,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wolf Kaiser,this game is great alot better than the first one but i do have to complain when i buy games i expect them to work i cant get it passed the load screen but it might work for others could the developer/s of the game find out whats wrong cause i really enjoy this game
,Recommended,252450,15395778,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,KellFromHell (D/S),"Easily one of the most surprising games I've played. Don't judge it, people, purely on the video shown. Or even the game play you might see elsewhere. There are a lot of hidden references and funny incidents that makes this game a fresh experience.I was on the fence about buying it, and I love strategy games.Don't regret it at all. In fact, I am more pleased than I have been with a strat game in a long time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcYksY3mwRs"
76561198031600924,Not Recommended,252450,16087092,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,jabber01012003,This game was awesome until i updated it and it hasnt gotten past 99% on the initial load screen since tried reinstalling but didnt help. If the game will work i know itll be awesome but til then waste of money
76561198014492379,Recommended,252450,19976550,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Michael Weston,"bought game afraid of mixed reviews...after playing the game i was like, WTF, this game is excellent. it is the master of orion 3 we never had! Yes i know moo3 existed but that game is dead to me, it´a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Stardrive 2 is the Moo3.Thanks for the genius that created this game. You have my gratitude.Edit: My God This game is the Total War in space... I fraking love this game."
,Recommended,252450,19228810,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ii Max,good 4x but thar ar big to be fix but u should get it
76561198005998378,Not Recommended,252450,22122839,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,dmcintos,the AI is seriously a problem... being attacked by a cheating AI with HUGE fleets makes the game unplayable.
,Recommended,252450,15322248,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Malephex,Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
76561197965140645,Recommended,252450,18717932,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Diligent Gravy,"While not the best it is definately not the worst game out there, I have a like for 4x titles this one is worth the investment compared to some of the others out there"
76561197994706450,Recommended,252450,18897661,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jzodda,"As the DLC is set to launch today I thought I would update my review.If you like 4x games and held off on this one I think its polished enough now to be a good buy, especially when it goes on sale. The ship building is fun the music is good. Combat is very fun, at least space combat. The Hero system is good and exploration is fun. Ground combat has been lacking but I read that the DLC is supposed to improve that so I can't wait to try it out.Does it have mods? The main game forums (linked below) has a mod section and there have been some very good ones listed there and which have been updated to work with the most recent patch. I had been using the Stardrive 2 Expansion Mod for 1.1e and it had made the game even more fun.http://stardrivegame.com/forum/viewforum.php?f=13&sid=02418df2b7056b20c6b86f5fe7fa1325I would say that many of the issues that were there at the beginning are gone. I have not experienced crashes or performance issues. Overall I have found the game to be fun.If you like 4x games and held off on this one I think its polished enough now to be a good buy, especially when it goes on sale."
76561197970732903,Not Recommended,252450,21720922,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MikeG1265,This game has more bugs than an Arizona monsoon summer. Maddening!! I hate it. Too bad too because it is exactly the kind of game I like to play. Too bad it sucks donkey balls.
,Not Recommended,252450,15831706,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Mike,"I went into Stardrive 2 with high hopes that it would improve upon the old game that was basically abandoned and had missing features. What did I get? a game that tried so desperately to be different from the first that the smooth science tree is replaced with a clunky pick 1 thing lose out on the other two options. Ship designing that was nothing like the trailers, it offered limited choices and felt bizarre and all around poorly done. Which was a shame  because I loved ship designing in the first game, it was my favorite aspect. Then we get to freighters and population growth, apparently I can't send my freighters on trade missions, a planet needs to be starving for food to be sent to them automatically, taking even more control away from the player. Next is the turns, in the first Stardrive time passed and ever 5 seconds was a turn, you had the option of speeding up or slowing time, and even stopping it all together to make choices. Now time is paused from the get go and you have to hold down the space bar, wait a matter of seconds, and then it moved to the next turn as things jump ahead. Yet the game advertises as real time, to em this is a blatant lie as it is clearly a next turn button. This is all I could stomach of the game before closing it to play the original, as I don't want to be miserable on my birthday.  In summary, a soul crushing level of underwhelming game play and sheer disappointment, with the only perk being that the game wooks pwettyer than the first."
,Not Recommended,252450,15310482,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DeFrost R2S,GARBAGE!!!! WASTE OF MONEY!!! DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198178072666,Recommended,252450,28716066,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sideer,"Reviev for version with all DLCs.For MOO2 fans:Buy it- You will enjoy it just like MMO2. Sure game has bugs, some of them are serious (like negative creds, ctd) but they happen rarely enough to enjoy the game, others have workarounds.For non-MOO2 fans:This is 4x wargame in space. Even the lowest difficulty level is hard until You know what is important and what isn't.AI is extremally aggresive, especially at higher difficulty setting... and definitely not dumb. Peacefull expansion is nearly impossible (but still doable).If You grow too fast AI will be offended if You grow too slow u will get plundered, bombed, thieved, raided etc by the AI.In short:+Graphics+AI+Space combat+Custom ship designs+Ship/Colony leaders+Diplomacy-Micromanagement (lack of custom construcion queue, no repeat order)-Bugs (I hope they will get fixed soon, some are capable of destroying present game).-Performance in larger battles-Spying (You will get thieved no matter what You do and how hard You work on spying defences)+/- AI Agressivenes (depends what You like).Becouse of the bugs I'm giving game 8 out of 10 points. If they weren't present in game I would give 10/10."
76561198006892193,Not Recommended,252450,15384612,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Scarface,"Before you purchase read the reviews. Be mindful when reading both positive and negative and look at the paterns, praises and complaints in both.Pros:Visuals are okSpace and ground combat can be challenging but fun for a time if you design your ships/troops correctly.Ground combat is way better and more visually appealing than SD1Several aspects add immersion and more challenge to the game, ie pirates, crystals entities, wormholes so on.Ship desing is more simple with less modules and less options than SD1. This can be both good and bad.You can disable GNN!!!!Cons:Interface is awkward and confusing. Devs should have stuck to what they had in SD1 bcs this attempt to change things up made the interface awkward and not user friendly. This is not a game breaking feature but it is definitely frustrating and disapointing. Sometimes the interface sounds will make you think you are playing FF7 all over again.Economy is punitive, confusing and awkward. Good luck trying to figure out what to build in order to make a profit and not plunging you planets into a Chernobyl like state. The money making builings are scarce and you are also limited by the tech tree as to which buildings can be built. Which brings me to the next point.Diplomacy is mediocre. Your military, financial or technological might or lack thereof does not seem to influence or sway the AI one way or the other. Basically what it comes down to is dont colonize too many planets or you will never be able to negotiate anything with anyone. All the while they will keep asking you to give them stuff for free but God forbid you ask them for the equivalent of a slab of bread in return to  make the deal fair somewhat... They will not have it.Tech tree is very restrictive and confusing (at first). The Tech tree is divided into 6 main categories each with 10 sub categories. Each sub category has 2 to 3 techs in it and you only get to pick one. Once researched you move to the next and cannot research anything else in the prior category. VERY limiting especially since some sub categories have your Titan, the best starbase and the best armor in game. Guess what, you only get to pick one. There are several other categories like these that limit you significantly although with very good planning this can be overcome.The Command point structure is extremely punitive and borderline game breaking. Why is this? Because this is what limits how big your fleet can be. Go over it and the game will be over for you in no time. This is a borderline moronic feature that was poorly implemented ESPECIALLY since the AI does not abide by it. To put it into perspective lets say you have a decent size empire with several planets, you can probably squeeze out 13 to 15 ships. Sometimes maybe a bit more if you reduce the amount of battleships and titans to 1 or 2. Not bad not bad right? This means absolutely nothing when not even the most powerful AI comes at you with 2 full fleets of 40 plus ships. Keep in mind your empires are similar in size and you are relatively equal in tech lvl. No.. im sorry.. NoAI does not seem abide by any of the restrictions and/or  limitations you will be put through. They are not attacked by the other forces (ie pirates and such) and they do not seems to have a fleet or ship cap (aka comand points). Their only limitation is tech, which they will steal from you no matter how many counter spies you have.AI will violate your territorial integrity regardless of treaties (which is expected) but will immediately declare war the minute you go an inch into their space.Wormholes will pop randomly all over your territory (usually right by your planets). This would not be a problem if they would connect to other wormholes across or near your turf. Sadly they lead right into the gates of oblivion at the heart of the enemy empire. They will use this repetadly to move their superfleets through you territory regardless of any treaty in effect. They also use this to teleport their main fleets right next to your main planets. This pretty much renders borders useless.... Maybe tone down the amount of wormholes a bit.There is no ""bounce back"" or ""come back"" in this game. Once you are brought to your knees you might as well quit. You can have better ships than the enemy and you may be able to repell their attacks but they will continue to send those endless waves of superfleets at you with no detrimental economic impact to them or no replenishment time of their fleets. Even if you beat them every time single time you will go bankrupt = game over.Summary:Game is not bad but its just not good either. I feel it is a stepdown from SD1. In its current state it is good to play in the long term if you are a masochist. Otherwise wait till they patch it and purchase only at a reduced price. Like when its 40-50% off."
76561198081422232,Not Recommended,252450,15764026,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lesolan,"Godamnit, I wrote a whole 30 minutes worth of tirade, and the only thing I really need to say is that as much as I really really wanted to love this game, I can't. It isn't worth paying money for right now, because even though it is released, it isn't nearly done. In the end, at least the creator is still working on ironing the kinks out. I feel it just needed a huge beta test first, because some of this stuff is just stupid to not have in working order."
76561198024709959,Not Recommended,252450,22585127,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Karol,"Game is buged, can't even start it without looking for workaround for 1h.It has potential, but i can see little progress."
76561197979896634,Not Recommended,252450,15311099,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DaemosZythaer,Do not waste your money on this game. This 20-30 dollar sorry excuse for a sequel is barely more than DLC in terms of new content. It is just rehashed everything from the original with 1 new race and some different GUI elements. Don't waste your money.
76561198014147932,Not Recommended,252450,15577013,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ragenz,"its a good game for the price tag , i payed more for civ , and moo and its not close to them in detail. i was hanging out for sd2 because i thought it would be ""like"" sd 1with the whole automation / rts / lotsa stuff going on etc etc that sd1 is about   .. However it isnt the real time strat it was its a turn based yawn fest and you have to be there to tick over turns game  ... and becomes a dont even bother playing out fights just auto them in moo / civ game.My bad though i should have read the comments and not brought it. Turn based players might ilike this game you dont get the spreadsheets you do in many other titles  or the detailed tech tree.its hard to see what they were going for .. it seems like a hot seat non thinking turn based strat with a little pretty added on at the last minute.Just my thoughts SD1 is better out of the 2"
76561198016227010,Not Recommended,252450,15655132,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Headhunter Prime,"It's a funny game ... but maybe the designer takes too much balance-issues into consideration ... and that's the problemI believe Mr. Zero should not bother NERF any weapons or shields since it is a PVE-oriented game.I found Mass Driver and Gauss Cannon are awesome long range weapons, 2 days late, their accuracy are nerfed that they won't hit anything at long range.It's ok for I am also a missile-lover, I can load tons missiles on my ships and unleash fireworks.Then, I hearded from that Mr. Zero is going to nerf cruise-missile ...So let me ask a question, why rob our joy of designing ship and blast AI ships to pieces?"
,Not Recommended,252450,15959527,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Brinstead,"A giant step back from StarDrive 1 - the development of which was abandoned before I and many others felt it was actually finished.My gripes:The interface has regressed in almost every way - this feels like it was designed for consolesShips now have sections, so if you enjoyed setting up your own firing arcs you'll find that the customization available from the first iteration of the game is goneGround combat is completely uninteresting and feels like a solution in search of a problemThe tutorial isn't great - it suggested I colonize a planet in my home system where I couldn't produce any foodThe 'Battle Arena' scenarios are often an exercise in frustrationNo difficulty adjustment for the Battle ArenaWeapons and Armor/Shields aren't very well balanced yetI'm currently almost 20 hours in, and every time after I quit a session I just feel underwhelmed."
,Recommended,252450,22097859,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,RazzleDazzleDorito,very fun and very hard  what i imagine a star trek 4x game would be like
76561198017464595,Not Recommended,252450,22336500,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Heron of Alexandria,The Game is glitchy as hell and the developers don't seem interested in patching it.
76561198032223313,Not Recommended,252450,15974816,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,danconnors,"This game is NOT recommended for one reason, and one reason only, but I feel it is a very important one.  The game is the first I have encountered that abandons support for 1024 x 768 and lower resolution.  This may sound trivial, but I believe it may be the start of an ominous trend.  Because of this withdrawal of support gamers using still good gas plasma displays will not be able to play the game.If the game succeeds in getting away with this move it could be the beginning of the end for all players using gas plasma displays.  Other developers will quickly follow suit, and soon GPD users will find that their computer rigs are useless for any and all new games.   This progression will soon follow to higher and higher resolutions, finally leaving players in a frantic and never ending quest to own systems with the highest possible resolution.  What Microsoft has done to operating systems, games like this will do to monitors.  Each new game out will see a new set of resolutions and monitor types rendered obsolete.This movement needs to be squashed before it has a chance to take root.  I urge all prospective buyers to refuse to purchase the game until it extends support to all currently used resolutions."
,Not Recommended,252450,15345324,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,otokoyo,"This game is massively skewed to the AI. My fleets diminish after batte, the Computer's do NOT.They ruined several enjoyable game elements from the original (such as breaking ship building and demanding high tier tech to even reach other clusters) and seem to not care at all."
76561198000602651,Recommended,252450,15585804,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Gut,"Stardrive 2 is what Master of Orion 3 should have been.The space combat engine is probably the best ever created, the space battles are spectaculars, and once you know what you are doing with the ship designer, the tactical part is really present. It's a pure jewel. The economy and research system are an improved and modernised copy/paste from Master of Orion 2, so it's very good and also very solid. This part of the game is also quite well balanced for release, that's worth mentionning.However, as all 4x release, it's not perfect, the game has also some flaws due to its youth. The different ship modules are not as well balanced as the economy, some work is still needed here. The ground combat system is not as bad as it could look, but still, it need some work also (espescially the ground combat IA). The diplomacy lack some obvious options, like the 'Alliance' and 'Declare war to' ones. There is also some small bugs here or there (quite rare, no crash), and some optimisation to do for big battles.On the overall, despite its youth's flaws, Stardrive 2 is wonderfull. Since release I have put nearly +70hrs in it, and enjoy it like crazy. It reminds me of the MoO2 birth in the old days : the game had lot of bugs (far more than SD2), and still I couldnt stop playing during nearly a month, it was a so good time.. as it is now with SD2 actually!To end this review, and to be fair with you, readers, I would not say that it is the best space 4x ever created yet, as for me Distant Worlds, which is in real time and quite different on many aspects, has still the title. But trust me, considering all the passion Zero (the lone dev) put in SD2, it's only a matter of time before Stardrive 2 take the title. Six months? One year? I dont know, but for sure, it will happen! ;)Thank for reading.Gut/Gorko/Kruos"
,Recommended,252450,23775862,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jackisaspoon,"I liked the game. It is kind of rough on the edges, but over all not to bad, its a bit grindy and time consuming."
76561198007729622,Not Recommended,252450,15469577,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Matty Stardust,"I really wanted to recomend this game, and I really hope in not too long a time as the game is polished I will be able too.At the moment it just feals like it could have done with a while longer being tested and the bugs and balances worked out. It's got a really nice narrative, the races and interactions with the AI seem to have had alot of effort put into them which is lovely. The ship system and tech works really well overall other than needing a little balancing and work.Unfortunatly there are many little bugs that make it difficult to play, especially late game ships seem to constantly over shoot their target, anomalys appear that can't be ineracted with, admirals become practically useless as their ships can't be upgraded, multiple occasions have had my own fleets engage themselves (litterally end up fighting a replica fleet), severe lag with massive fleets that the AI will envitably create in a long game.As I said though I hope in afew weeks I will be telling all my friends to give it a go."
76561198012880851,Not Recommended,252450,15414488,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DaveWizard,"This title is full of recurring bugs.   Probably wasted 20% of time played (46 hours) trying to find save points that didn't have bugs, and repeating 4-8 turns.  Doesn't sound like much, but after you own half the galaxy that can actually be a good chunk of time.   Finally had enough.  Uninstalling.  Do not buy.  Developer didn't finish first game due to engine not being good enough, didn't learn from his mistakes.  The bigger you get in this game, the more bugs get produced.  Screw this garbage.Nice concept, fun game, small house style with out small house cheese pushed on you.   TERRIBLE QA.   I've been robbed, same bugs show up over and over, nothing that was 'missed' on the way out the developer door."
,Not Recommended,252450,15419426,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MarblesXIII,I preferred StarDrive 1 over this version.
,Not Recommended,252450,15434527,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,mbpoblet,Unplayable due to several game-breaking bugs. Shouldn't have been released in the current state. Utter waste of money. Uninstalled. :(
76561198000802991,Not Recommended,252450,15515030,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,heptagon,"I enjoyed the original so much that bought the #2 not waiting for big discounts.And I am disappointed.It's the same Stardrive 1 with few changes. Same graphics and drawings. Same devices for ships.Same uncomfortable interface and bugs. I.e. when selecting devices in shipyard, you still have to scroll them in small windows. Deployement phase of a battle - can't move multiple ships, but can select. Selection glitches, selecting additional ships outside of the selection rectangle. Etc.Yes, there are some improvements, e.g. on the planet screen - it's clearer now"
76561197976579682,Not Recommended,252450,15343843,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tkul,"[On the DLC]Here we go a year later and the same problems. Original release originally stabilized a bit to get rid of some of the game breaking bugs, not all or most but some, but along comes a DLC to reintroduce problems that were solved right along side a whole slew of new issues. Diplomacy is still nonexistant, the shipyard still bugs out randomly though you can usually correct them by scrapping and remaking the designs until it decides to validate them properly. Combat is about the same as before, mash your ships into their ships and hope your ships are tougher.  AI is still super aggressive to almost unreasonable lengths, and the nonfaction AI recieved some inflated numbers to add to the fun. Would not recommend, and be warned if you bought the DLC you won't be able to refund it if you had time in the base game as the refund system does not count the DLC as a separate purchase.[On the Original Release]I really wanted to like this game, I bought the first one and was excited for the sequel but much like the original the sequel was released too soon.  The game is still fairly buggy, which isn't necessarily a deal breaker most of the time but it has a terrible tendency to freeze on loading screens or the GNN videos that pop up occasionally.   The shipyard interface also tends to bug out occasionally and mark your ships as invalid due to not having met criteria that you clearly have i.e. Requiring you to add ammo cannisters to pure energy ships.Outside of the bugs, some of which are game breaking (freezing on load screens) but mostly just annoying (shipyard bugs) you also need to deal with artificially inflated difficulty.  The AI opponents clearly cheat, it doesn't even attempt to hide the fact that they do it, which again is not normally a deal breaker, but the AI is also incredibly aggressive and the diplomacy setup is almost impossible out in front of due to it restricting what deals you can accept using the same mechanics it uses for the AI.   You will frequently find yourself staring down multiple full fleets of enemy units that are generally 2-3 tech tiers up on you before you expand much past your initial system.  If you invest in expanding you're just going to end up losing the expansions to random occurance since pirates and rebels will also randomly pop up with large fleets to take them over.Over all it has potential but it's really more frustrating than it's worth to fight your way past the bugs just to have to try to game the inflated advantages that the AI gets."
76561198104481278,Not Recommended,252450,15340924,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,gotisch,"[This is for the linux version, which has not recieved all updates]As said by many others my current impressions are as follows:The idea of the game is great, but there are to many flaws with the execution. Gameplay wise: Suddenly AI Armada comes out of nowhere while you cannot keep up a high fleet because its too expensive. Everyone declares war on you and you loose.OK maybe im a bad player you say, but whats worse though are the bugs. You have to restart every second fight because when you win an enemy ship will wander out of the battlefield and force you to retreat to finish the battle. (which then somehow counts as lost).You have to micromanage every little battle. If you just start the battle and retreat you often can save all you ships. The enemy needs more then 25 seconds to get you. But when you autoresolve, you loose all ships. Even when you win by playing by hand you loose with autoresolve.It gets really tedious. If the game gets patched it could get fun."
76561198025634719,Recommended,252450,15284938,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DJ Downs,"Just got done with my first game, A wormhole opened up right next to my home world and the AI somehow is able to support a fleet of 30 ships attacks me endlessly while the crystal guys are raiding my colony's destroying freighters and attacking my homeworld where my fleet was again and again.This left me with one option with 5 cruisers i costume built and my space station i literally held off the religious guys and osteris while fighting off the master ships and crystals ships until 2 hrs later the bears attack and overwhelmed me with battle ships after i squashed a huge fleet of osteris with the same 5 ships and lost 2 of them. 10/10Re- after Learning from my many mistakes (and spending 4 hours in battle arena making good ship designs) I now how a prosperous empire that isnt afraid of dropping that beautiful zombie bomb if you have something i want(Or stupidly declare war on me) until the planets you once called home are covered in zombies and i strut back to my Empire with whats left of your now enslaved species and rip the benefits of free labor :) 50/10"
76561198120258086,Recommended,252450,16122020,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Some Lettuce,real good
,Recommended,252450,16481277,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,toneo,"Enjoyable, still needs work. 6/10Tech tree is great.Ship design is fun.Laggy, framerate drops.Diplomacy is bad.Ground combat isabsolutely horrendous.Space combat looks cool but can get repetitive, depends how you play itEspionage is useless.Remember, refunds are a thing now! Try before you buy."
76561198014842139,Not Recommended,252450,16515747,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AT ThunderWarrior,No. Not right now. Just no.
76561198033612973,Not Recommended,252450,18152527,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Oompas00,"Seems that you build up a fleet, You think your doing good because your keeping the pirates at bay, then an AI makes a steep demand, you refuse, you go to war they send a small fleet which you smash, followed by a MASSIVE fleet which uterly destroys your now tiny fleet, they take over each of your worlds one at a time while you struggle to build a couple ships for a last stand... sound familiar?"
76561197988108741,Recommended,252450,33691688,Posted: 21 July,all,[LL4G]Hydranium,"probably one of my all time favourite games, that said, for a long time now, anytime a hero pops up, the game is stuck on this screen without any options and the game is essentially frozen"
76561198040567293,Recommended,252450,18898664,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,VISION305,"I recommend the game to any people who enjoy strategy 4x space. That said I share the disapointments among the community.There are bugs, interface bugs are the ones that I have noticed the most. I feel like the game hasnt had enough testing before release. It is still playable at least for me.My biggest complaint about he game:There are tons of different research options and weapons in the game. Most of the time you speed through research before even needing to use the things you have unlocked. I guess what happens is that you move along this research path too fast. By the time you get to fighting you never used those missiles, or that powerplant because now you have way better ones. Almost as if the research to those things served no purpose. It is like you can skip from tier 1 weapons to tier 10 weapons before you actually need to fight anything.Also the pirates and the aliens that attack you are pretty ridiculous... They dont attack the ai as far as I can tell only you. The ground combat is poorly coded from what I can tell. The longer you are on the ground view the more memory gets leaked or whatever it is that is happening. The defensive base cannon does nothing.I mean the list goes on and on. Shady development is what it looks like. Cutting corners here and there to rush something out.Either way it is still a 4X game and it has a lot of cool things about it.The exploration of new systems is good. The ship module builder is great. The combat is eye candy. Lots of great stuff but the overall balance and feel of the game needs work and the bugs need to be sorted out. If it is just one developer then perhaps the developer would consider spending some of the fortune on some help."
76561198197898809,Recommended,252450,18767746,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Zarox,"Even through it has some faults, like occasional bugs, it is still a great game that i recommend to every 4x game-fan. It might be a little hard to get into but it is worth it.I really like the turn-based system, which gives you a chance to think about your net step between turns, the space combat and the way you can upgrade your colonies. It has a nice amount of details when it comes to races, plantes and ship design.Ground combat could be better and the space anomalies are just repetative. It would also be nice if there was some kind of diplomatic victory condition and ideologies you can pick during the game (like in GalCiv).It is a great game with the potential to get even better."
76561197984508501,Not Recommended,252450,15395054,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Leetcheeks,"It's like Master of Orion 2, almost verbatim, I was kind of stumped at how the ai was able to send 10 large ships after me with lots of advanced tech on them by the time I was able to colonize my third planet then I read other peoples reviews claiming the ai cheats in typical more ""resources per turn than you fashion"" and I remembered, oh yea, just like Master of Orion 2. If you liked the first Star Drive game, stick with the first game, this game is more of a Master of Orion 2 update than a sequal to Star Drive. RIP my 20 bucksThere's still lots of bugs and the dev seems to be pumping out patches but there's just lots of strange behavior in the game, an enemy caught me spying and I have -675% diplomatic approval, but I'm always under constant assault by the ai's legion of spys which apparently cost the ai nothing to produce or upkeep despite having huge costs for the player to upkeep. The AI likes to request trades but you don't have good enough relations with the ai to request something in return so obviously you decline, which incurs a penalty. There are lots of descriptions that are filled out for some weapons that seem like they could benefit from someone re-reading them now that the game has been published so they could be clearer, lots of weapons that have slightly different terminology to describe them. My most recent game loaded up and my tooltips weren't displaying all my racial bonuses and I couldn't save ship designs after I spent 10 minutes customizing them so thats fun. Bugs I'm sure will be patched some day. Also, the AI seems to have unlimited fuel range and your ships can barely get to the neighboring system, but when I inspec the enemy ships... they have no extended fuel cells. Also, if you auto resolve combat, you lose about 20 troops even if you went up against 4 guys despite the enemy not being that much better at ground combat, so you have to play through each ground combat which is basically waiting for 3 turns then firing missiles from your mechs you bought on the black market, but if you autoresolve you somehow lose half of your 20 infantry, makes sense. Canopy shields are also totally broken, put one on each big ship until you have about 6 in a fleet, fill up on flak cannons and regular energy cannons and you can just walk away when the enemy sends a megafleet at you. Combat is so laggy during these mega combats that you can't tell whats going on, but if you auto resolve then you lose, if you circle the canopy shield wagons then you win but you have to watch combat for half an hour.The game is fun when things work within reason, but I just spent a day playing through and all the enemy races declared war on me simultaneously after I killed the vulfars which is a race that declares war on you for the sake of declaring war. I managed to kill their bigger fleets which occupy the entire deployment area (which should also bankrupt the ai due to how fleet sizes should work) but then I have to play whack a mole with every other AI's mega fleet while they cherry pick my star systems with a mix of omniscience and unlimited fuel range and poorly designed ships and for every mega fleet I send my entire fleet after I lose 3 planets to bombing or invasion.Buy it if it goes on sale for 5 bucks."
76561198007807564,Recommended,252450,15300472,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Drunetovich,"This game is amazing, true legacy of master of orion 2, improved and polished."
76561198107054669,Recommended,252450,17978275,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Velvatine Rabbit,This game is awesome hands down. It will ocasionally ctd but good none the less...
76561198041325415,Recommended,252450,18671138,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,stevegit,"This is like the old masters of orion before it went to hell.  The game is great or appears to be.  Unfortunately I don't believe it is very well balanced.  I played with titans option, and destroyed a fleet but lost a planet.  Then 10 rounds later my titan goes up against their new fleet with three titans.  5 rounds after I captured their main homeworld.  In other words they didn't actually ""build"" them, they just gained them.  I have to spend 150 rounds of my homework to build a titan, they just pop 3 out of their butts, needless to say I can't compete with those odds and loose everything.Even so, and even though I have yet to succeed at surviving the game, it reminds me of my all time favorite game."
76561197989828242,Not Recommended,252450,21776663,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sillls,While Star Drive 1 was a decent game. But it seems that Star Drive 2 has gone backwards in time.  Implementing the same game mechanics as Orion and Orion 2.  This is turn based. Also are not allowed to research all tech and you are still limited to a 2D map.To me the game seems to be a cheap copy thrown together for no better purpose than to make a quick buck.I was hoping that the game would continue with the mechanics of Star Drive 1 and improve on it and game play.I was sadly disappointed.
76561198029991501,Recommended,252450,18802476,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Starcleaver,"I could say quite a bit here, and in the end it might just not matter. All of us have different opinions and standards in regards to how a game like this should be.If you enjoyed Master of Orion 2, and games like it, then I think you'll find this game worth playing. Is it perfect? No. Is it many hours worth of fun? Absolutely. Give it a go, I think you'll find it worthwhile."
76561198074082168,Recommended,252450,18893150,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,mitucd,"Has some minor bugs (leaders not coming , even with special project built and once  some weird tolerance thing messing with my aprouval ) but the gaming experience is very good . Very MOO like with the added pleasure of 2d ship design and real time battles . Also it's a game alive so expect those bugs to be fixed ."
76561198027188892,Recommended,252450,34323318,Posted: 18 August,all,spaceman,"Very good game, I enjoy the races and the game style.A lot of fun :D"
76561198016755362,Recommended,252450,27770135,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Konnor,Exelent mix master of orion and space empires
76561198040467169,Not Recommended,252450,15499248,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,amilne,"Sucks,Wasted my money again. Too much effort required in ship designing. Auto battles keep losing.I'm out"
76561198032910479,Not Recommended,252450,15558916,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,gorinyatka,"This game has very good potential to become new legend, like Master of Orion 2, but now this game is awfull.Advantages:- ship fitting system- turn-based strategic map with real-time battles - ideal combination for me- idea of ground combats- raiding missions- customized races- good-looking graphic- spirit of ""old good times""Disadvantages:- there are dozens (if not hundreds) minor bugs that a bit annoing- AI is very stupid in everything from diplomacy till battles. And cause this game hasen't multiplayer it's very important- weapons, ships layout, ground combat and almost everything in this game unbalancedSo, game looks like early beta. And I suggest to wait 2-3 monthes and then look on it again. But... First week after release there were patch every day. After that - one week passed befor new patch."
,Recommended,252450,15637632,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Krusken,Meh!
76561198010170407,Not Recommended,252450,15409630,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lt. DanuBaba,Meh...
76561197988650009,Not Recommended,252450,15330384,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Supreme Pizza,Game balance issues. Bad guy fleep turns up and conquers my home world almost immeidately at the begining of the game. The user interface is clunky and hard to determine what is going on.A definate second rate effort. I love my 4X games but I am often very dissappointed at the quality of production in this genre. Unfortunately I have to put this one in that catagory of disappointing.Some good effort at a story line and game concepts but the the game 'engine' looks about 10+ years out of date. It is like going back to your old Vic20 to play a beloved game and getting a major cringe reaction.
,Recommended,252450,26283061,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Cardboard Knight,yknow i personnaly dont see what everyones problem is with this game its pretty darn good in my opinion and it doesnt have the bugs i keep hearing about or at least i dont. it doesnt seem unfinished to me but it could obviously be better. it could use a better engine graphics n such. anyway i would give it solid 7.5/10
76561198023449606,Recommended,252450,26401521,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ouroboros85,My dream game would be the battle system and ship customization of this combined with the scale and strategic overview of stellaris. Both are amazing games and I highly recommend this one.
76561198007646642,Recommended,252450,33008560,Posted: 29 June,all,rudkin852,"What is all this negative review stuff.If you push me with all the other 4x space games and I do have most of them I will go with this to the desert Island.Its got that feeling of deep space. I run with about 950 star systems and it is truly vast. the music is my favourite like 50s space films.The text editing is very easy if you give your race lots of advantages it will penalise you with massive negative points to to overcome.If you like that endless sandbox type game without a lot stress tapered to how like it through text editing this is it.Actually this the most mmo2 game on the market at the moment.The negative reviews are about him not supporting the game apparently,The negative reviewers are band waggoning him, so what if the game works OK.On sale you would be mad not to get it if like turn based 4x space games."
,Recommended,252450,16454298,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,kmk988,"Amazing game for aOne ManDev team.  Could things be better yes, more victory conditions than combat, better AI for those who might want it.  Less hardcoded stuff for modders to fiddle with.but the positives IMO-huge amount of different modules to play around with in ship design-nice variety of weapons- Turn based instead of RTS (this is a personal preference obviously )- Nice variety of positive and negative race modifications to select from- nice forced choices with research (a large costs racial option to get rid of the ""choice part"")-nice variety of alien species each with their own distinct personality (you can turn that off and make them random)- on the last point each species has unique ships and the size and shape of those ships vary species to species- acceptable diplomacy options would like more options here but serviceable atmmy vote try it out if you get it soon you can get the game for only 21$ way less than any normal 4x game"
76561198069562132,Not Recommended,252450,23768561,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FLAPPIN FLOTSAM WHAT'S THAT?!,Terrible game made in unity with dinosaurs that clip outside of the map and rediculous OP spaceships that win you the game after 40 minutes of play.Literally hitler
76561198165885822,Not Recommended,252450,19314090,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,den.baylis,ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Stick with StarDrive 1Can't get a refund someone should let people know  that if you play more than 2 hours you can't get your money back. Your stuck with it suckers!!No wonder all the negative reviews - Now I KNOW WHY!!My first purchace online big disappointment BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. PROBABLY WON'T DO ANY MORE ONLINE PURCHASES FROM STEAM..
76561198006681349,Not Recommended,252450,23476748,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Anubis,......If you like giving money away get it.
76561197983763524,Recommended,252450,16487258,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kataz,It has its issues but the game is very fun if you enjoy fleet designing and VERY deep customization with DOZENS of viable weapon and defense systems.
76561198002112835,Recommended,252450,16486777,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zergor,Excellant game. Still needs some time spent on alternative win types. A great start. Very long play.
76561198194283089,Not Recommended,252450,21019658,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,mscoms,The desktop shortcut icon is ugly mane replace it please good
,Not Recommended,252450,21943594,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Demiurge,"Stardrive is a series of disappointments and unfulfilled promises, where if you would just pay up again then it's totally fixed this time you guys.Promise."
76561198130072564,Recommended,252450,18722368,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pizza,good game
76561197982759376,Not Recommended,252450,15315723,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Pooptronix,"For now, I'm not recommending because I found some bugs immediatley when playing.I followed the tutorial and I got stuck in the shipyard and couldn't exit after spending a good amount of time customizing a ship.  Also, there were way to many cases where I was in the tutorial but I could not access the menu via [ESC] key to exit.Seems a bit rushed.  I Really loved SD1 because conceptually it did a lot of things right.I see that SD2 has streamlined some things and made improvements, but maybe too much in some cases.I couldn't figure out how to build scout ships and automatically scout.  It seemed like a step in the wrong direction. :("
76561198022153722,Not Recommended,252450,31376234,Posted: 26 April,all,rbfondse,This is a bad game now this turn base fighting not my stile . woud have loved some of thees fechers in the first game thats all.
,Recommended,252450,34964861,Posted: 14 September,all,=DA=SnakeDoctor,Amazing game I love it! Its my go to game!
76561198080652124,Not Recommended,252450,15458610,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Cletus,"I HAVE GOT THE GAME AND I CANT EVEN ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PLAY IT I HAVE SPENDT HOURS TRYING TO FIX THE ISSUES WITH ME HAVING NOTEXT IN MY DROP DOWN BARS ON MENUES OR VLAUES OF ANYTHING ON RIBBIONS AND I HAVE MESSAGED ""CUSTOMER SERVICE"" IF YOU WILL CALL THEIR SHT ULTIPLE TIMES WITH NO RESPONSE SO♥♥♥♥♥THIS ♥♥♥♥  ZERO SUM AND THANKS FOR STEALING MY GODDAMN MONEY AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ME RIGHT AFTER WITH YOUR SHT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND BROKEEN♥♥♥♥♥SHT"
76561198007218822,Not Recommended,252450,15972627,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Barticus,Overall a fun game but a total lack of multi-player option ruins it.  Do not buy unless you like playing with yourself:)
76561198016791907,Recommended,252450,24270545,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bioethical,great game but its a copy of master of orion if i was you thinking what to buy go for MOO but this game with the dlc i rate 7/10
76561198153423067,Not Recommended,252450,28317279,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,shadowtheboy,I launch the game and then it stops when i reach 100%
76561197975638768,Not Recommended,252450,21808232,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Polar,"I liked the original star drive a lot. The 2nd I was disappointed in, however upon seeing the positive reviews for the new DLC I thought I'd give it another try. Unfortunately I think this game needs more optimisation as I find everything in the game slow and jerky despite having a powerful rig. When it runs better I'll gladly give this game another look."
76561198000673492,Not Recommended,252450,15530070,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,!!Science!!,Buggy
76561198098160173,Recommended,252450,33619293,Posted: 17 July,all,$teamygreenfart,Please fix the ship building. once fixed a fantastic design alltogether.
76561198006754004,Recommended,252450,26159133,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Gandalf Lobo,"a well thought out 4X game. excellent mid-game late game fun. In comparison to Master of Orion re- release this game scores better marks in ALL aspects, from the GUI, to the gameplay emchanics, to endgame challenge, to interesting story elements. Its what Master of Orion should have been like.The tactical gameplay is very engaging as the ships have been designed in detail by YOU!, not some spreadsheet. The designs very much enfluence how you fight the tactical matches and battles.  Not only that but there is a test mode so you can test out your designs out of game if you so wish, or even have one-of battles without any campaign if you just what to play some tactical battles.A mature product, well thought out, and ready to be enjoyed by any 4X fan."
76561198015270008,Recommended,252450,24916748,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MurphyMurph,"Buy this game and play it.If you like 4x, you need this game. Zero's take on the genre is a lot of fun."
76561198016613214,Not Recommended,252450,16438243,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ranch Dubois,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,252450,21642738,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Canniballistic,"Damn... I didnt make enough money from StarDrive 1 to support my crack addiction... what do, what do...YEAH! I'll just take StarDrive 1 and take a whole bunch of stuff out and call it the 'definitive streamlined vision' I had intended StarDrive 1 to be... suckers.If EVE had a sequel that took the GUI and all visuals out and replaced it with a spreadsheet table that would be its StarDrive 2."
76561198059953143,Not Recommended,252450,26376931,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,viniman007,This games sucks and it wasnt what I thought I was getting.
76561198120222030,Recommended,252450,21714614,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,supernerd_13,"Can I just ask, Why the hell does the DLC not have a reduced price but the other items do?"
,Recommended,252450,15360236,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,BB-Pio,"The learning curve is what threw me off so many 4x games in the past but this game has such a great tutorial (voiced over too!) that I felt like I picked it up in 15 minutes. Anything else I couldn't figure out what easily learned from the help menu which covers extra details like food and transports etc, maybe 10+ minor topics.Building your own ships is super intimidating at first because you have no idea what counters what, but once you get the hang of it (make a save a few turns before a battle and experiment!) it's super fun to see what you can cook up! TIP: You eat the infinite missile stream of death a few times before you figure out ~3 or so tiny laser turrets can pick them off before they hit your ship.Custom races traits are also REALLY great. Want to make a cybernetic race of bears that lives underground? It's possible. And it's fun!Most addicting game I've played in space in a long time.The one CON I can list for this game is that their are Command Points limiting your # of ships, but each race's ship layouts are unique, and some races get significantly more tiles to build on per ship type than others. This could be turned into a plus if you decide you want to play the easiest race (cybernetic guys) first then move on to the hardest (bugs/wolves, etc)..."
76561198014229134,Not Recommended,252450,16633165,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dorok,"Not a review, just a temporary thumb down, because mods/admins of the game forum act weirdly, tired of such behavior."
,Recommended,252450,27307825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Godzilla★✯☆,"Let me speak from my heart from russian.Gut game, but perfection has no limits."
76561198033603190,Not Recommended,252450,15317073,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,CPT Scraggly Beard,"I was a huge fan of SD1 and this game has potential however it is veryu hard to progress as fast as the computer, I am not a fan of the research tree only alowing you to pick one tech out of three for each branch when all three are needed to build a good fleet. As it is right now i do not reccomend this game wait for a few more patches."
,Recommended,252450,24530993,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,Brendan Frazier was my idol.. Now look at me;.
,Recommended,252450,25691349,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,deaven04,great game. I would defintly buy the third one
76561198002493503,Recommended,252450,26501261,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chewmonger,Did a grat job!
76561198077247662,Recommended,252450,26338462,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Alucard,"verry good game, all the people complaining about being out-done by the AI need to git gud"
76561198085088367,Recommended,252450,25516669,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,♥Power Puff Girl♥,"I can definately reccomend the game for the first couple of hours. After you get class 3 shields and disrupter cannons and anti matter reactors a single one of my cruisers coul wipe the floor with my enemys fleets, and the game definately gets more tedious as the game goes on. The ground combat is abismal, and I quickly found myself puilding ships with the soul purpose of bombing planets. The game does play a lot more like civ 5 once you get all the dlcs, but I wouldn't recomend getting them. If you are going to buy this game, buy it on sale. All told, I would give it a 72/100."
76561197986218006,Not Recommended,252450,25375113,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tim,Horrible anonying game. Dont buy.
,Recommended,252450,28088428,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DynamicCore,"Favorite game. EVER. Would recomend to anyone despite the other reviews, great game with great support, AI is smart, a great challenge every playthrough."
,Recommended,252450,30066809,Posted: 20 February,all,<αψπρπ> βουνδξναπαλμ (BGRL9),"Dear Haters of this gameMy experience with this game were awesome, You cant even imagine what kind of things you can do with this if you put your mind to it, Most of you arent actively planning out what your going to do, But when you do, It is entirely awesome when your plan comes together like a giant sandwich, You haters havent put your mind into this game, Thats why you lost, I suggest that you actually put your mind to this game, Maybe you will win, Technology and Logistics are key in this game, You want to know the way into a enemy base before you send a large fleet in, Sure the enemy may have around 50 or several times larger CP, But you might have the technological advantage, You could devestate your enemy from orbit with nukes after your Titans have successfully destroyed a Starfortress, Or you could conquer them on the ground, Trust me, I have lost many more times then i can count, But i kept going, You should too, I know many strategies that work out in many ways, Against a enemy with High Technology and low numbers? Overwhelm them with High Technology and Overwhelming numbers. Against a swarm of enemies with limited tech? Lure them to a distant sector of where you can battle them with support from a Starfortress. Against a enemy with High Technology and Numbers? Outwit them, This game is awesome, If anything, You should be learning how to play this properly, Lazy snakes.BoundCNapalm Lucharias signing out, Goodbye for now."
76561198312395691,Recommended,252450,32862119,Posted: 27 June,all,bridgmanfamily3,What a fantastic game so detailed and so much to do the fleet v fleet combat is awesome and the designing of ship classes is addictive no bugs as yet very high difficulty tho looking faward to hours more play
,Not Recommended,252450,21835286,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Urisk,"I got the game at release, decided that it would be a good idea to wait a while for some things getting fixed, checked back to see what the present status is and ... well ... I now found out that I ALREADY would have to pay for a DLC to get all the improvements to a game that has been released unfinished less than a year ago.Not too happy about this to say the least."
76561198115904571,Not Recommended,252450,25660111,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Empress,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this game. Every single aspect of this game is THE MOST INCONVIENENT THING you will ever do. GO BUY STELLARIS.
76561198094344924,Recommended,252450,26309635,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,bernard6689,one of the best game out there
76561198012010253,Not Recommended,252450,15285308,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,WIZBASKY,"I just bought this game, so far I find it buggy & the sound effects are very annoying, I actually went back into steam to see if it was an early acces game, I could understand that if it was, but no it's a full releaser game :(IT IS NOT WORTH $30!!!yes game is buggy, this game feels like early alpha gameplay or early access, not a full blown finished game.and 100% is not worth $30, maybe $10"
76561197966835726,Not Recommended,252450,18420288,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Pototron,Mehhhhh.......
,Recommended,252450,33086857,Posted: 1 July,all,garvins,"Really nice game, had a lot of fun playing it.The realtime fights are really cool."
76561198013077768,Recommended,252450,25072226,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,sircrumple,One of my favorite games and one of the best developers of all time.
,Recommended,252450,26606111,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,fred,"Should I say it? yeph, indeed: StarDrive 2 is one of the best 4x since Master of Orion. and i have tried a lot of this genre games, there are good ones out there as well but... sd2 has its own charme... still some bugs, but give it a try... ;)"
,Recommended,252450,34762944,Posted: 5 September,all,Ulukai,Fantastic game!  One of the few games that can stand toe to toe with MOO2
,Not Recommended,252450,19186301,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Skell,Nope.
,Not Recommended,252450,25685778,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,߷MoistMan߷,Garbo
76561198035355781,Recommended,252450,18378086,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Johnald P. Redham,Plantain.
76561198134496402,Not Recommended,252450,15284769,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Doktor_Who,"@Additional Notes: Minimum Resolution: 1366 x 768@ This thread was added after release, when some ppl already buy it.  Looks like all, who dont have this res were simply ♥♥♥♥ed.And there is still no normal national localizations."
,Not Recommended,252450,25698921,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MotS,"It's impossible to play as the ""Unites States of America"" due to the character limit for empire names""United States of Trump"" works, but it's not the same."
76561198059793628,Recommended,252450,16284384,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,sublimity1979,"I previosly wrote a negative review on this game in an unfair manner (I suck at most games and I'm new to writing reveiws, oh and please forgive me as my spelling may be incorrect) I recently began playing this game again and found all my problems were because I lacked the skill ( sorry devs :( )It actually is quite a fun game although ground combat can still use some work."
76561198045586632,Not Recommended,252450,15331328,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lykasmitts,"overall, pretty much a nice game. Some things could have been put in to make the game nicer though.Ability to see the modules on a ship in battle would be nice,A bar to compare relative strength of fleets before deciding if you're gonna run would be nice.If the game would tell you when you have empty queues, that would be nice (I just always end queues with the production to cash option, at least if I forget it is eternal)Lots of small things that could make the game better than it is, not that it is a bad game. It's ok, it's fun to have an xcom*space4X*spaceRTS mix, maybe several patches down it'll become a great game...EDIT: gets old reaaaaal quick"
76561197960746459,Recommended,252450,15327397,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,quinnbot,Had to change my review to positive after updates made certain parts of the game more bearable.  Much of my previous criticism still stands:  The UI is poorly done and confusing to operate.  Several game elements (like boarding and land battles) are just tacked on and useless.That said!  I do admit that once I found my way around all the problems I was able to get some good fun out of the game.  Captures something of the MOO spirit - enough that you can just sit back and enjoy it for a while.
76561198023224081,Recommended,252450,15312534,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,M1ZZ0U,"Where to start.....I'll say this. I re-installed SD1. I played enough to say that although the graphics are a step in the right direction, everything else is not. The artwork is recycled, the UI is clunky and limited, the functionality is limited and almost rectricted. Why can't I hit ""E"" on my explorer frigates and have them run all over the galaxy????So I'll break it down like this: I'll base my grades off of two criteria. The first criteria is ""was this a step in the right direction from the original SD"" The second criteria is based off of other games in this genre, I'll give a letter grade for this. Let's begin:GRAPHICS: SD1<SD2 This was a step in the right direction. Overall grade compared to other 4X Space games: B-ARTWORK: SD1=SD2. The art is recycled. Overall grade compared to other 4X Space games: C-FUNCTIONALITY: SD1>SD2. Definately a step back. Overall grade: D+UI: SD1<SD2. This is almost a push..just needs to be patched. Overall Grade: C+AI: SD1<SD2. So far the other factions haven't banned together to form one giant super federation.(My biggest complaint from SD1) Overall Grade: ATactics: SD1>SD2. The turn based system does not work, unless you're GalCiv or MoO.I'm actually fed up from writing this review....$30 not worth spending. If you don't own it already buy SD1 instead. Wait for this to get patched or scrapped all together.***EDIT***Okay so I'm not going to delete my previous post, but I will say this. There have been at least 5 patches since my review and becasue of that I give this game overall a passing grade. I'll play and support this game just for the fact that the owner/developer wasted no time in getting back to work and polishing up/fixing/updating a lot of issues. Just for the fact alone I'll say buy this game."
,Recommended,252450,21729854,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Stefan,"Its a one men developer, I gave the game a bad report since start, but on 13.03.2016 the developer ZERO released a new patch, where I did upload a savegame and a screenshot of my issues.It is one of the best 4x games on the marked, but  had game breaking issues.10 Mins later it was fixed an the patch released on steam. WOW.Right now, the vanilla game has no bugs anymore which I can report or find.Thats very good and thats why I give the game now a ""absolutly worth"" buying!For a one men show, really good game. Best 4x for me right now."
,Recommended,252450,15449875,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,adam,"I bought Stardrive 1 shortly after it came out and despite all the bugs and issues, enjoyed itI was hoping Stardrive 2 would be a much better version than Stardrive 1 with improvements, in some respects, it is better, but in a lot of ways, it's no where near as good as Stardrive 1.Unlike SD1, there's no governors, so you have to manage each colony individually, when you have a lot of planets, that's a LOT of clicking to queue items up and move workers around.You can't build troops, like you could in SD1 (I guess there's no such thing as recruitment in this universe), you have to wait for troops to ""spawn"" and unlike SD1, you can only spawn 2 mechs (which are the equivalent of Tanks in SD1) PER planet.Another annoyance is when you colonise a planet, you confirm colonization, which takes you to the planet view, but then other popups, like battles or other events, popup right after, so you can't start building on the colony until you've dealt with the other items first.The ship customization seems a fair bit more limited, although graphically the UI is better and there's options for overload/extend arc etc, the ships seem? smaller, even the titan classes, which would often take 10 minutes or more in customizing SD1 because they were so big, take a lot less time in SD2, because everything seems to be scaled back.The battles are....ok, graphics and detail are great, but they can sometimes take an age to finish, with no option to speed them up (which wouldn't be advisable right now, due to massive FPS issues)Speaking of FPS issues, I have a powerful machine, but I had 25ish ships and the enemy had about 25, the frame rate was in the single figures, often dropping to 1FPS while the rockets were being fired by my ships, it's awful, such a let down.In SD1 you could customize starbases/ship yards, not so in SD2, so they end up being destroyed quite easily by medium sized fleets.The ground battles are the worst part of the game for me, I did try using Auto resolve, but often found my troops which had superior technology and regen, lost to the weaker forces on most auto resolvesDoing ground battles manually is incredibly tedious, having to click for each shot of a weapon and it just takes an age to finish a ground battle sometimes, especially if both sides have high hit points.The ground battles feel unfinished and rather alpha/beta in quality.A lot of what made SD1 great (albeit, buggy) have been removed or stripped down in SD2, I Can't understand the rationale behind that, surely it's best to work on what was great about the previous game and include and improve apon it for the sequel?Ah well, such a shame.Update - 02/04/2016I decided to change my review to a positive one.The main reasons are a new/renewed interest and bug fixing rampage by Zero, which has been ongoing for a couple of months nowThe game has also been improved quite a bit with the addition of a basic governor system, although it isn't perfect, it takes away a  lot of the tedium of queueing up tons of buildings."
76561197984657298,Not Recommended,252450,18675949,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Takulzar,I like this game.But it's a love hate relationship.After 6 months patching there is still no multilayer (it was the reason why Stardrive 1 was abandoned) and the AI is still too simple for my taste.There is still bugs who should have been fixed instead of trying to make a dlc.I do hope that in time I can recommend this game to others.
,Recommended,252450,17595948,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,JohnnSy,Ok game.But it has some bugs...
76561197987565903,Not Recommended,252450,21790515,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Abomination72,"Yeah, changing review for the second time.Want to like this game but can't.After trying it a few more hours again, I come to the conclusion this game isn't finished at all.Battles can go on forever if one enemy ship survives and you've only got a starbase left in the battlefield. In that case, all you do is stare at the screen for literally hours on end. Had to blow up my starbase just to end the battle while the opposing ship didn't have any ammo left. The result: lost the entire planet because he still had some troopers. One enemy ship without ammo...Even on normal difficulty, opposing forces suddenly come in with massive fleets, obviously cheating big time regarding build time and fleet management.It's not a fun game, it's massively frustrating.Both in gameplay and in regards to the somewhat clumsy user interface.The DLC seems to fix a lot of these things, but that means it's pay to fix.And that's unacceptable!"
76561198075607027,Not Recommended,252450,15292487,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,zeamoore4,"The game all though fun, is imposible to survive. 20+ times i have tried and 20+ times i have been killed by the very first race i meet. There seams to be a permanent setting that your opponent will always be stronger then you. Even on easy... The game is unfunny hard, and more then anything, just frustrating."
76561198056895180,Not Recommended,252450,22770730,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mr Clean,0/10 robo bug titan is not evencant play game without breaking out in hives beacuse of thisFor real tho m8 respect the dev but they REALLY need to fix the ai and make the ai actually play by the same rules as the player so that every play through I dont feel cheated I only began to realise this after my third playthrough.I will change my recommendation when this is fix but for now it will remain
76561197971400770,Not Recommended,252450,15944485,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,shapav,"after the DLC, the game doesnt run now"
76561198099899805,Recommended,252450,18704230,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,WarfangSlayer,"After almost a complete year, I have revised my review and changed my opinion on this game. Through many patches, and actively listening to the community, I think the Dev might have actually salvaged his game. I think I owe him an apology for thinking that he could never change. He did.Thanks to his own improved work and help from many community members, Stardrive 2 is now a decent game. While it is far from perfect (a few balancing issues remain, among other things), this game has shown a new light in our galaxy; one that, despite my prior thoughts, actually contributes toward something good."
76561197986331836,Not Recommended,252450,19762714,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,CharlieChap,"I want to love Stardrive 2.....It has personality in spades and it is really immersive, more so than many/any other 4x game that I have.However it frustrates the hell out of me to play it.  The AI is super agressive from the get go so its usually a struggle for survival from the outset so there is not a lot of time for development (the 4x part), you end up having to follow one quite specific path to get through the beginning and its a military approach, many of the quests and missions are interesting but there are a limited number, you usually need to do them to survive the early game and this detracts from replayability.However obvious limitations aside, there are glimpses of brilliance in Stardrive  2.edit:-I supported this and got all of the DLC.The Sector Zero add on really made some improvements...But the final ships DLC came out and for many broke the game  (all races had different ships, but with this all are mixed up) and the Dev has not really been seen in the forums since and there have been no patches or anything.Appears to have just walked away from a game again  (like he did with Stardrive 1).Sorry, wanted  this game to be great but there are better options at this point...."
76561198202604940,Not Recommended,252450,22155854,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sparco1500,"After further time I have change my review. It's been months since this game had a release.Despite the huge potential , there are still very significant bugs in the game (e.g. If you happen to open any planet's details at the exact moment a ground combat event happens your screwed. Can't acknowledge/proceed with the combat and can't exit the planet details screen... I've lost hours of game time having to go back to an older save game.The game is also severely unbalanced.  One game mechanic is random threats (e.g. Pirates and other more sinister beings) , they may warp into the middle of another enemy's territory but they always make a beeline straight to your planets :( even crossing paths of enemy ships and colonized planets.I love the ship builder in this game, you get complete customization on weapon and hardware locations - I would love to see this part of the game improved on further. Maybe even adding fighters into the designer. Also needs better player feedback on the design. I've had some ships that looked equal in the designer but on the battlefield one design was supreme and the other plain sucked. Perhaps a test battle arena where the player gets 1 of each ship design currently included in their roster and they can skirmish against a drone pirate ship.The spying aspect of the game is irritating - if I spy on others and get caught my reputation tanks. If they spy on me and I catch them ... there seems there are no repercussions whatsoever.(Possible spoiler) I have managed to beat the masters once, but to my surprise that only qualifies as a ""cool , at least we won't have to worry about them anymore. "" Meanwhile all the rest of the ai opponents  haven't had to worry or expend any resources fighting the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and are consequently way further ahead on everything (tech, expansion, army size)Planet sizes and which can be populated always feels so few at the start of a game , but again this never seems to affect or slow down the ai players.In summary, really hoping this game gets a major release soon that addresses all theses problems.  Right now I would recommend other games in this genre instead of this one"
76561198143605317,Not Recommended,252450,19949583,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tsmaa,"Like most people, when this game first came out, it was fun; it had a couple bugs here and there but it was no huge issue. Then the dev. came out with a new dlc and changed the game drastically; but on top of the new play style we had to learn, we had bugs that break the game. When the dev. made the dlc he also switched the game engine, making the current mods for ship models all white and annoying to play with. We begged as a community for him to release the mod tools and stop making game breaking dlcs. But the dev. is self centered and only in it for the money, he made a second dlc that is in my opinion, 100% worthless. This new dlc adds in new ship types, which we all thought would be cool. but then we discovered that it was the same damn ships for every sinngle race. ""lets add in ships to a galaxy of fledgeling civilizations and make them all have the same type of ship design."" This breaks the game for me as it makes all the races no longer unique with their own ships.If the dev. smartened up and listened to what's left of his community, he might actually make a good game. But currently this game has become terrible, and virtually unplayable."
76561197990436582,Recommended,252450,15351470,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Metabaron,"New Edit. 22.06.2016It's worth it now with all the changes they have done. They fixed most of the stuff below, especially the ground combat which was the biggest detriment :)New Edit 22.05.2015Happy that the devs did not listen to the fanboys. The game is now harder, many of the problems below are fixed. This game is still not one of the best 4x game but I would give it a 6/10 in it's current state.Ground Combat is still boring as hell, feels out of place, takes a hell of a long time (and you can't save during the battle) and makes planetary invasion very tedious and boring. I really miss the old Stardrive planet battles, but even more I wish they could have gone for the MOO model instead. Stardrive 2 is basically just planetary bombardment=automatic win without any real consequences (you get some insignificant pollution). Planetary bombardment of your own planets is still just a pop up message.At least now the game offers a challenge, although it is usually a predictable one, the only interesting factor is seeing what tech the enemy have gone for. But usually its just standard configurations.The space battles are great, colonization is cool, empire management is okay. As stated above it is a 6/10 now.Old Review:Edit: Many fanboys are thumb downing my review, they have obviously never played any of the great old 4x games and I wish them well on their journey into the 4x space genre. The developer is working hard to rectify many of the detriments below so I may be changing this into recommended. Want to add like many other of the no fanboy reviews that long range cannons make the game very easy to exploit. Hope to see this change as well like the dev was hinting in the last update.This is the best Strategy Starship customizer and battle simulator to date, sadly though I can't recommend the game as a full 4x product because of it detriments.Here is a summation of the Detriments:Ground Combat:Awkward out of place RPG grid turn based board game that is slow, boring and does not belong in a 4x game ever. The customization of the soldiers is tedious, the limited amount of soldiers is stupid as it makes planetary defence which was a very cool aspect of the original Star Drive impossible. No more massing an armada on nearby planets planning your military invasion in steps in a grand strategy. Now its just 12 ground troops=automatic Win. If you need some inspiration then check out a old glory game called Imperium Galactica or it's prequel Reunion by one Hungarian team, or even better use the MASTER OF ORION II system with two armies basically just slugging it out on a battlefield referencing Empire Strikes Back battle on Hoth. Not a RPG slow grind that take ages for a simple comat which is in truth a wierd minigame within the game.Note: The Diplomacy has been greatly improved in the last update, so this criticism is no longer valid.Diplomacy:Went from exploitable in Stardrive the original into plain stupid in Stardrive 2. In the original stardrive you could get any treaty if you just sprinkled it with enough techs or capital, which made it very easy to get a cease fire even when the Opteris or Rayleh had just destroyed your armada and they stand ready to commit genocide. Now even throwing everything at a normal trade treaty the AI just says ""wow you are giving me too much, this would tip the balance of power too much in our favor and we are so for equality and fairness we can't accept this""...Planetary Bombardment:So I guess the developers wanted to go back to Master of Orion II, which would be great. But don't half♥♥♥♥♥it! The Planetery bombardment in MOOII was great visually and strategically with planetary shields, planetary hangars, orbital gun batteries etc. But no, none of the Master of Orion goodness instead it's just a text that appears ""Your planet was bombarded *YAWN*"". This is just plain boring, especially visually.Races and the lack of Factions:Instead of learning from other great 4x Games such as Distant Worlds where a limited number of races equal an almost endless number of factions, we are now stuck with the same 8 opponents forever, same personality, same lack of diversity and same predictable diplomacy in every game. Please add some randomness to the factions with different personality traits equaling different approaches to expansion, military and diplomatic behavior.Limitation on fleet size:The new system based on command points or whatever is not a bad system, it's just a step in the wrong direction from the first game. There is no rational or logical explenation given for why i.e 7 cruisers wrecks the economy whereas 6 cruisers is just fine, just fine. Why even have this system? Why not let each component have it's maintainance cost with ability to dock your ship at planets for lower maintainance? That would make sense.Poor Camera in battle control:This really bugs me, for a space battle simulator with excellent graphics you can't tilt the camera 360 degrees or even 180 degrees. Why? Even in old games such as IG2 or Homeworld you have this option, granted these games also let you change altitude of your spaceships but compare it to another game with same gameplay as Stardrive 2 which is Empire at War, where is the awesome battle cam?Unit control:In general the unit control is simple and good enough with the ability to give orders like target enemy with broadside or the bow depending on what type or role or guns the ship has, and if it should keep moving in order to avoid missiles, torpedos or artillery shots or stay stationary if it's a artillery gun in space ship design. But there is no attack move function and there is no attack everything or target enemy fighters option for your own fighters which leaves you micromanaging the fighters which is tedious at best and very very frustrating at worst.Lack of Multiplayer:Still no multiplayer for a game that in 2015 when everyone have high speed internet connection connected to steam 24/7 and would be perfect for multiplayer.With all this being said this is still a great game, but I can't recommend it as a full fledged 4x product which it promises to be in the desciption. The humour is great, the space battles are awesome, especially the ship customizer and the general campaign is an okay game the fact that the campaign is more static than the first Stardrive and have horrible ground combat which is such an important aspect of the game leads me to the conclusion that this is not a recommended game.  It does space battles very well even with the bad camera and unit control but it is a step in wrong direction and is not an improvement over the original."
76561198007789907,Not Recommended,252450,21968120,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,sog,"Only 8 opponenets. Very small ""epic"" size galaxy map. Internal management of Empire is shallow. There is no depth to this game."
76561198013409405,Not Recommended,252450,30758454,Posted: 26 March,all,Cykel,"Fun game, and if ur a fan of the old master of orion franchise u will love this one, bit scaled down on micro management from other 4x space games in same genre but still lots of challenge and i love the shipbbuilding section,Well thats if u dont mind reload/restart/start over ur game over and over bcs of bugs like missing icons, missing buttons, game hangs, game crashes, missing sprites, stats being bugged out, non working battles, non working diplomacy, non working spies, AI that randomly jumps from stupid to unbeatable, ships that not moves, suddenly auto zooming that u cant get rid of, map that bugs out, sounds that stops, music that stops, non working economy, non working production, non working research, insta research for no reason, weird controls, weird random things..Unfortently its total unplayabe due to tons of bugs and a developer who dont give a crap anymore"
,Not Recommended,252450,20796376,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoCount,This is a really fun X4 game. Could say more but thats hard and no one reads itEdit: Dont buy this game or any he makes
76561198135485062,Not Recommended,252450,17069595,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dibbec,"I recommend this game mainly because it is a modern masters of orion and because this game is a challenge for me day in and day out. One of the main problems I have is that the A.I. gets more ships than is possible for the players. While yes there are TONS of bugs and late game is laggy and you have to auto ground battles this game is great and if you had played masters of orion you can relate even though masters of orion is way better. All in all its a good game and I hope the giant fleets with the A.I. gets fixed.EDITThe fleet thing is fixed. and a fair few of these bugs people are getting are almost gone for me the late game still lags a little but it has improved needs just an update committed to bug fixes I would say no not 1 but about 5 updates of pure bug fixes. As to what I was saying about challenge it is gone and I love the little reference to Masters of orion no spoilers. But I find that just tech spamming super high end ships are just a bit cheaty....until the A.I. murders your empire with there fleet spam. Although a bug that I love but would like to be removed is that sometimes you play as your enemy. But all in all I still love this game dispite its horid bugs and lag.EDIT 2Ok I'm starting to lose faith in this game. Its been about a year to half a year since I got it and hardly any improvements since 1.1. Along with this I find that I am unable to play late game because of all the horrid bugs and lag, even though the game is very stable. I am hoping that this game gets some serious attention soon and maybe add some diplomacy options like alliances and some other what-not that would make it more realistic. Unfortunatly I can no longer recommend this game do to these facts but I still love this game to bits and pieces.EDIT 3I have lost all faith in this game, it is far too buggy. If the developer had worked on this game just a LITTLE more it would be great! Sadly it looks like the dev has abandoned it for the time being, if this changes I will be very surprised but very happy. I still do not reccomend this and I do not love this game anymore, it is a bad imitation of MOO2 that does not run late game."
76561198007515671,Not Recommended,252450,15296659,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ergie,"*edited september 2017*He fooled us again. Its all folks. THE END. Switched to negative.*edited july 2017*Looks like something is moving around stardrive 2, and Zero is coming back to sd2 development... So as the Game truly has the potential, I have switched my review to ok. We'll see what happens...*edited feb 2017*I cannot recommend this game anymore as looks It has been abandoned by Zero. Its shameful, as with some patching could be easily the best 4x out there. Its damn so close....*First: I own Stardrive. But this is about Stardrive 2. This game is very good. Period. As an old 4x gamer I can say this for sure. Haters gonna hate.Now the review:I've tried almost every 4x game published during the time between MOO2 and Stardrive2. I've been waiting for too many years for this. Almost every game I tried had some things attractive and were lacking in other areas. Never found one 4x space game that fullfilled my expectatives. There was always something.I admit, for me the canon is MOO2 and I must say Stardrive 2 is the closest game to it that I found during years. You can notice in everything around the game. The races, the research, the design, freighters... etc etc. One special mention for the ability to move the colonists around. I was showing the game to a friend and he almost cried when he saw it ;)But Stardrive 2 has its own potentialities: RTS Ship Combat, complex ship design, TBS Land combat, the humour, surprises... you have to play it to feel. And of course and not less important a polished and beautiful UI and solid and very good graphics.If you like 4x space genre, you must own this game. Its the best by far in years.When I think that this game its basically the work of one man, as a coder myself I only can think wow! Thanks Zero."
76561197978088722,Not Recommended,252450,15284742,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kepos,"Great fun from 1st step.First I encountered a little bug, but Zero has corrected it asap. This is customer service as we want it.Game shows up like a very detailed 4X title with a mix of usual turn-based play and real-time battles. Additional you get some X-com like ground fights. You have full authority over your ship builds and could even more decide detailed parts, which you could micro-switch probably larger distance for less hitpoints or else to your conveniance. Even your ground troops could be equipped from a pool of very different weapons, armors, health bars or whatever you may research.The game is mixed with a lot of surprising events...like stumbling over a wrecked ship with your scout...but you need some ground troops for further investigation. Once you start the mission you'll find yourself surrounded by a load of 'bugs' which pretty much like your taste. ^^Played now for 4 hours on release day and can't wait to go on the other day...***Ok, found a minute to give another response after nearly 100 hours of play.This game is great, it gives you totally into depth ship design, research plans or just colonization road to think about. Anyhow it is released and we currently are on version 1.01 there are still some rough edges. But Zero with his one-man-dev-show is working hard behind the scenes to bring new features every patch and recognizing every single bug response to make this game fun for every customer.Only thing I do miss is multiplayer, but currently, I'm more into playing a StarTrek inspired conversation mod with plenty of new ships and other stuff to get into the story.Anyhow it is the same genre, I do not like to compare SD2 with GC3 as both games do aim completely different and have only turn-based and sci-fi in common. But besides that, SD2 is much more dynamic and brings more fun to me at the moment.Cheers!***Gotten silent around SD2, as the developer @Zero seemed to have abandoned his game...as he did the same with SD1. Still thinking that SD2 is a great game with phenomenal abilities compared to bigger company's games. But the game needs polishing and bug fixing, plus the long offered workshop support is still not implemented.Don't want to change my rating for the game and looking forward seeing addressed bugs getting fixed.***After offering a major patch for SD2 3 months ago, Daniel Di'Ciccio today (28th Sep 2017) announced to quit game development. This means he quits 3 unfinished games and lies to all his customers.I'm not often changing my review for non-game related reasons, but such behavior is absolutely untakable.DO NOT BUY ANY GAME FROM ZERO SUM GAMES - YOU ONLY WASTE MONEY"
