user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,252410,7928032,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,kippa,"Deceptively simple but great fun to play and addictive as hell. My only real issue is that it's over a little too quickly, between 6-10 hours depending on how much you explore. It's got pretty good replay value too and I don't think you'll find too many other games as good as this in this price range. Definitely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,252410,8041772,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,krayzkrok,"Steamworld Dig is a bit like a cross between Motherlode, Spelunky and a metroidvania. Motherlode because the game owes a lot to the concept of digging down into the earth, mining minerals and then selling them on the surface for gold to buy upgrades, which then enable you to dig deeper, take on more enemies etc. Spelunky because the main levels are procedurally generated, and the general feel of your character is quite similar to Spelunky (so much so that playing one after the other causes quite a bit of confusing pressing the wrong buttons!). Metroidvania because there are various caves that are set puzzles scattered throughout the main mine shafts, and completing them gives you upgrades that allow access to previously inaccessible areas. It's a compelling formula polished to a fine sheen here. There's a lot more depth (ho ho) to this game than first appears. I definitely dug it. In fact I'd say it's oresome. Ok, ok, I'll stop."
,Recommended,252410,7955072,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Hyetal,"The biggest negative I'd levy against the game is a distinct lack of difficulty. Dying is definitely a risk, but taking damage feels somewhat arbitrary. After I became accustomed to the controls and mechanics, which was relatively quick, I rarely felt especially challenged.That said, it's a delight to play. The aesthetic is clean and beautiful, the sound (and music) is wonderful. In the roughly five hours it took me to complete, I never really had a dull moment. The sense of momentum is palpable.Very fun and definitely worth the low price."
,Recommended,252410,7927617,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Major Dingbat,I originally played it on 3DS and boy was I hooked. Its charm was through the roof and my lord it was fun to play. All I can really say is PLAY THIS GAME! It will have you glued to your screen in no time at all
76561198040855634,Recommended,252410,9799814,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,el Tron,"Absolutely loved this game. It's a completely unique and original exploration-based platformer that brings back memories of Dig Dug, Terraria, and the classic ""Metroidvaina"" formula. Mixing a very plesant presentation, a well-implemented upgrade system, and most of all, an incredibly addictive risk/reward element that permeates through the entire gameplay experience, Steamworld Dig is a winner all around. I only wish it had been a bit longer, as I wanted the game to go on and on, but in the end, what better sign of a resonant game is there? Highly recommend this one!"
,Recommended,252410,10243811,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"So, on the Surface, this game seems like a Dig Dug clone (modernized of course), but when you Dig a bit further, you realize the game has a lot of Depth to it. :)Seriously though, the developers obviously loved Dig Dug, but had the tools, resources, and drive to make an excellent modern game with RPG elements via equipment upgrades, a bit of a story which is somewhat resolved at the end (but still leaves room for a sequel that I understand is in the works), great looking setting, cool as heck music (kind of spaghetti western, Borderlands-ish), a nifty protagonist, and a lot of addictive gameplay.As simple as the game is, it really does offer a lot of depth. I wandered quite a bit and played for a bit more than 10 hours before encountering and defeating the main boss (actually the only boss fight really).This game was easily worth the price of admission. I highly recommend it. A great break from the uber serious titles out there. Good, light hearted fun."
,Recommended,252410,32672024,Posted: 23 June,all,Caduceator,"One of the most satisfying and fun games I've played in ages. The controls are quick and responsive, the mechanics well-crafted and easy to grasp. The variety in color and mood between the different ""worlds"", as well as the introduction of new tools and satisfying upgrades keeps the combination of resource-gathering and short puzzles from getting stale. Enemies are pretty easy to deal with at first, and gradually ramp up the difficulty--later ones require a bit more strategy than ""run up and hit it with your pickaxe"". Combing the dirt and rocks for every last gem and power-up was a joy for me, though I imagine you can just as easily skip through and keep your scavenging to a minimum if you prefer. I never really considered it ""difficult"", some call it a grindfest and I can understand why, but I found it quite relaxing.A great pleasure to play, 10/10, 5 stars, etc etc."
,Recommended,252410,7962908,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Schlubotipelto,"I am going to give you the dirt on this game.  I definitely dig it, and I'd be pretty steamed if others did not buy it.  So, if you do not mined, you should definitely think about getting this, ore else.  It's a pretty great game if you axe me.  I do not have time to drill you on the details, but it rocks."
,Not Recommended,252410,9974223,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,baja gaijin,"caveat: Judging by achievements I'm about halfway into this, so maybe my opinion will change, but I'm also quickly reaching the point of ""do I even want to keep playing?"" (edit: After beating it - one thing may be a bug, I never saw one shopkeeper appear, but aside from that, no, the rest of this still stands)SWD is a game that tries to meld two cool concepts: the digging and exploration of a Terraria, and the 'levelling' and ability gain of a Metroidvania. The problem is that it drops the ball on both. The early game involves a LOT of back-and-forth between going into the mines, filling your pouch, and then returning to the surface. Do this a few times and you'll have sold back enough materials to level up the town's shopkeeper, and buy a new pick, and... okay, can you see where this is already starting to become an issue?As you dig down, there will be the occasional chamber to explore (basically a side-room to the large vertical shaft you continue down). This is basically where the Metroid influence comes in: single room puzzles that lead to one of the more limited currencies (did I mention there's more than just gold? there are also ORBS to upgrade things) or your actual upgrades. These rooms are fun! But you basically have to realize that they're few and far between, and it's like if you were playing, to keep this metaphor going, a version of Metroid where between every interesting room, there were about 10 of those vertical shaft levels and you needed to BATTLE YOUR WAY DOWN. With fall damage.To top it off, eventually the stuff you're digging down through becomes too hard for a pick to work on, so you need to find a drill... but because the game has the word ""Steam"" in the title, a lot of your abilities or items rely on your stored water as you go on. Water becomes really quite scarce, and at where I am now(? god I hope this changes), I can't refill that in town like everything else (I would have assumed the saloon lets me do this but nope). Everything but your basic pick and your run move is a limited-inventory item or requires water. EVERYTHING. HIGH-JUMPING requires steam power. Given that the basic pick straight up WILL NOT WORK to break things past a certain ore, this is easily the worst aspect of the game.Other small gripes: Combat bites, you need to be on top of enemies to hit them and you DO take contact damage, so that's risky as heck. (I just got a ranged weapon but IT NEEDS STEAM TO USE so that becomes another 'fun' tradeoff between ""can I dig or do I hit this dude from two squares away""). The grind is seriously irritating, if I try and beeline between the good rooms, I'm suddenly underleveled and can't buy the item that'll upgrade my drill and let me keep digging, so I've gotta go farm things in a dimly lit mining stage for ten minutes at a time.If this were tightened up a little, this could be a really cool game, but it's trying to do way too many things unsuccessfully to really make it above ""competent""."
,Recommended,252410,34485154,Posted: 25 August,all,boyflea,"This is crazy-fun. Nice little steampunk quest.Pros:- different game each time- nice characterisations- nice progressionsCons:- you get to that sweet spot of loving this game immensely, then it all seems to end too soon.8/10: good while it lasts."
76561197983740996,Recommended,252410,22342445,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Chane,"I have to admit, I am not a huge fan of platformers. SteamWorld Dig however convinced me. It's a very good game if you are ready to dig into it. Now if you wonder, why does a guy who does not like platformers buy a platformer, that's because the game was part of a bundle and I decided  to give it a shot. I didn't regret it.In SteamWorld Dig your uncle dies which makes you the new owner of a mine. Equipped with a pickaxe you start exploring the mine and it's secrets. You can find all kind or ore and minerals that you can sell to upgrade your equipment. During the course of the game you will upgrade your health, your armour, get better pickaxes, find drills and something like a jack-hammer, bigger bags, etc. A number of unfriendly creatures will cross your way and you will discover caves holding secrets left by your uncle. The underworld is divided into three major areas and the whole experience is wrapped in an interesting, simple story.The game starts a little boring during the first two hours but gets better and better the longer you play. So you need a little patience. After finishing the game I wanted to repeat it right away.Pros:- nice graphics- fantastic title melody, I even started whistling it at work- good controller support- very good overall game concept, the story, secrets, gadgets, it all makes perfect sense- becomes addictive the longer you play- it's fun- well balanced level of difficultyCons:- one achievement seemed bugged, I did not get it the first time (but the second time)"
,Recommended,252410,10831685,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CinemaFromage,"When I first stumbled upon Steam World Dig on a daily deal, I didn’t expect too much.  It was cheap, it looked decent from the videos.  It promised platforming action, the oh so popular buzzword “Metroidvania” and more.  Once I got into it, I found that this game is a solid mix of all of those elements, all without trying too hard or being taking itself too serious.   That is to say, you’re not going to find yourself faced with any near impossible puzzles or jumps; just lots of exploring, discovering things and some light hearted puzzles.Don’t go in expecting Spelunky.  Don’t go in expecting Terraria, Mario or any other number of games that “Metroidvania” makes you think of.   Go in expecting a good way to blow twenty minutes at time, driven on with that carrot of digging your way to the next ‘level’.   Steam World Dig does a good job of blending all of these game elements together to give you a game that feels familiar without being a carbon copy of those that came before it.   Go in expecting that, you’ll have a good time.The game’s got a good sense of humor too, which is nice.   While something such as Spelunky or Battleblock Theater is great for short bursts of game play in between the interruptions of your real world life, Steam World will fill that gap nicely without the stress and anxiety!Just relax, it’ll be okay!"
,Recommended,252410,12045030,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Csontzuzo,"definetly an entertaining, fun game, i liked it. 3-10hours playtime, depends how much you rush, but if you look around and do some exploring it could makes you busy 2-3 night long."
76561198040282860,Recommended,252410,13300308,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Goose,"Such a pleasing game to play, gorgeous colors, amazing soundtrack, and smooth gameplay. Took about three hours for me to complete. Some cons, got stuck quite a few times while mining and you also cannot mine while wall climbing or while on a ladder. Would definitely play again though. 10/10"
,Recommended,252410,17639186,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Haunted Prawn,"Do you like digging in videogames? Are you fond of Minecraft and Terraria of the sorts, but want a change of pace? Then this game is for you!Pros:+Fun Gameplay+All sorts of things to collect+You know you're progressing and getting better and stronger as you play+Story that'll keep you wondering what will happen next+Steampunk. Nuff saidCons:-A bit short-Pickaxe gets useless for the most part after you obtain the Drill and Power Fist-Gets tedious at times when trying to get around, but the later upgrades do help it, for the most part-WHY CAN'T I MINE WHILE JUMPING?!Final verdict:If you love mining games, get this game. It's REALLY fun and can be challenging too."
,Recommended,252410,32275608,Posted: 8 June,all,☭ AvengerX,"Very nice little game! Little because just when the game starts to get interesting and after the first boss fight, the game is over! Rather anti climactic...Get this game at a good discount, it will be fun for a few hours."
,Recommended,252410,23742577,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lowen,"From the discription, you might expect something like Terraria, but SteamWorld Dig isn't really like Terraria at all. The digging and mining is really just an exploration and optional upgrade mechanic, and there's no crafting. You just sell your ore and buy upgrades from shopkeepers.The game isn't a random sandbox either, it's very much an puzzle oriented exploration/adventure metroidvania game with preset, themed areas. As you explore you end up deeper and finding more and more caves, as well as new areas.The caves are puzzly setpieces, and the main caves give you a new free upgrade, which are usually required to access new areas. The side caves just have some ore (money, an optional upgrade resource) or orbs (the other optional upgrade resource). I enjoyed the puzzles and exploration.Fighting enemies isn't very interesting because you can't attack and move at the same time. That's good for puzzles, but makes fighting a matter of dodging, then standing still and timing your swings.Overall I really like game, but it's somewhat short. Five hours for the whole game, and only 3 areas plus one boss battle at the very end. I'm not complaining. It's long enough, but it's also a good game, so I'd like it to be longer."
,Recommended,252410,9973342,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:A great single player steam engine ages of mining game, testimonials. c:FIN:Loistava yksinpelattava höyrykone aikaan sijoittuva kaivostoiminta peli, suositteluni! c:"
,Recommended,252410,25220105,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","A surprisingly satisfying game about being a robot that digs in a mine inherited from his robot uncle, SteamWorld Dig isn't complicated, but it keeps you wanting to dig further as much to explore as to gather as many resources as you can. It's even pulled along with just enough story that it's a pretty well rounded game for something so simple. Striking a balance like that has the makings of a classic game.Works well with an Xbox 360 controller.8 out of 10, glad this game ismine(haha)."
,Recommended,252410,9227729,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,JD OwO,"This game is SUPER FUN for me!!! I personally love mining games and have play a lots of them, but SteamWorld Dig is the first one which has completely satisfied my expectation of manipulation difficulty and content diversity. It's not unfairly hard but need some pondering to pass all maps perfectly.I spend around 5 hours for my first time reaching the bottom of the world, but I'll doubtlessly play it over and over again in the future for more unknown fun.SteamWorld Dig[9/10]"
76561198121873957,Recommended,252410,18714963,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Aleigh,This game is great for mind numbing fun! It is simplistic but I find myself going back to it and wanting to play it. It's like a modern version of Dig Dug!
,Recommended,252410,17118287,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Atlaimond,"This game's all parts are nice. I mean to know it isn't the game of the year but, I had that fun what I expected.Before I bought this game, I'm worrying to the game is too simple and too hard achievements.But not!The story is not a big deal but, there are enough tales about the past and mystery for I enjoyed the game.The game mechanism seems like simple but,THIS WAS NOTboring simple.I don't know why but, I really like the Bots'(characters')voices. That sounds are really like as talking but, rather robotic or computer communications. I respect that developer who's made that sounds. Really good work, I think.The designs are really awesome! All background of worlds match their stories and either of all worlds music! And one more thing about the musics that I didn't bore hearing all the time. So, another respect that developer who created those musics!Good things:-Really good voice and sound effects.-Awesome designs and background stories.-I enough enjoy the game-play and musics. The musics are awesome!-To the achievement hunters: The achievements are not so hard, maybe except one, the[Master Prospector]. But, I guess to not impossible hard, I could obtain that the by my second play-through, although I used the[ALT+F4]trick.Bad thing:-Just a few times frozen the game soon as I launched so, I didn't last much things.-Spoiler Alert! But I'm not sure about that.At the end I was a little bit sadly but, I dont know why, Rusty(main character)didn't come back of the underground and don't know why. I guess it is not exactly happy-end. So, I couldn't decided whether dramatic or other else end.I recommend this game those who like nice sci-fi stories, mysteries and the simple(but do not boring simple)game-play."
,Recommended,252410,7928622,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MDL,Was a really really good time on the 3DS. Now still holds all the charm but with a cool HD makeover !Don't miss out on this utterly charming gem =)
,Recommended,252410,13954087,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fairynette,"This is a pretty fun game for those who like to explore. The maps are grided much like in Minecraft, but in 2D instead. There is more detail in the art and a good storyline. Par-cor is needed a bit as you progress in game, but lots of fun getting ore and doing quests."
,Recommended,252410,24033127,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,YellowLab,"SteamWorld Dig is a fairly casual game. It is a good way to waste an hour here or there. You play Rusty, a steam powered robot who comes back to his hometown (population 3) to find out what happened to his father. Rusty's father was a miner and so down, down, down you go. Along the way you defeat critters (yes, there are dynamite totin' zombies, along with brutes who throw bottles of booze at you called ""Boozers"" instead of Bruisers) and dig up minerals to sell. With the gold you acquire you can upgrade your equipment. Essentially, you must upgrade your equipment because the deeper you go, the more damage you must do to the rocks to bust them up.There are three levels to the mine, and in each of the three levels there are three special caves you must enter in order to get equipment to survive the next section of the mine. There are also some bonus caves that are more ""puzzley"" containing high value minerals or orbs (needed along with gold for some upgrades).As I said, this is a casual game. It isn't too difficult. If you die, you loose 50% of your gold and get repaired in town. Although there are a couple of achievements you can get if you finish the entire game without dieing.The game looks nice. The three environments are distinct and have their own character. It reminds me of an app called Gem Miner, but with more polish. The game seems like it would be repetitive - bust rocks for a path, grab minerals, sell them and repeat - it is but still holds your attention."
,Recommended,252410,12046206,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BLIMINGTON BUTT,I like to dig. This has digging in it.
76561198262874969,Recommended,252410,32176328,Posted: 4 June,all,mkn,"reminds me Motherload, a flash game i played over 10 years ago."
76561198012801404,Recommended,252410,7927491,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Von E Gut,Fun. Runs beautifully on my old Imac. I love me some metroidvania and  I do enjoy a good dig.
,Recommended,252410,29754890,Posted: 6 February,all,GabZ !,"Strongely recommended. I loved it, have great level design and its addictive, but in a good way. At first I thought it was another sandbox, but turned out its an amazing adventure game. You dig your way to other caves, a simple but good story and there's no craft system: all ores are converted in money so you can buy upgrades. Simple, I loved it. Most games those days insist in add super complex crafting/equipment system, while many players (like myself) just want to enjoy an adventure. Its an easy game, no hard challenges, but fair ones. Patience is rewarded. There are few achievements but all really fair, makes me feel challenged to try them all. Nice replay. I just think the ending could add a little more, but it was fun anyway."
76561198042685135,Not Recommended,252410,9168903,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,LopsidedMidget,"I really wanted to like this game. After all, everyone else seemed to. I have A LOT of steam games and have trouble passing up a promising game when it goes on sale. This was the case with SteamWorld Dig. I read the reviews, looked at the screen shots, checked out the forums, etc. and this definitely sounded like a game that I would enjoy. It looks like bastion and looked like it would play like Terraria's awkward little brother. With that said, I was pretty disappointed when I realized that this game is essentially all of the mining components of Terraria without any of the depth of either of the aforementioned games. This game is great for killing some time, but that's about all it is: a time killer. I didn't laugh at all, and found it to be more or less a grind without any of the payout. It's linear - literally. You have a map that clearly shows that you cannot go right or left anymore, and you just keep digging down. Your pickaxe is your weapon and you can upgrade it, but there's no reward for exploration beyond getting a few more orbs or precious stones that you don't really need in the end.All in all, I beat this game because I paid for it. Had it been a mobile app I would have been a lot less critical, but it's not. I bought it because people were comparing it to games that I love (Terraria, Starbound, Bastion, etc) that are all surprisingly well polished (Starbound is still in the works, but a lot of fun to play) and much deeper than SteamWorld Dig can possibly hope to get. It's a very two dimensional game with a very two dimensional storyline. I kept hoping that it would get better and gain a bit more depth, but that only led to disappointment. If you like mind numbingly simple games than this might be a good pick for you, but I would suggest spending your money elsewhere if you don't enjoy grinding for hours on end."
76561198043627942,Recommended,252410,32910536,Posted: 27 June,all,Nub-spotting Nub,"The dev says it has never been done before; I am not too sure about that, though maybe the way the jigsaw came together that may be true... It is a decent game non-the less.The aim is to dig for resources and return to town to sell and invest the currency you get in return.  The investments focus around stats and abilities for your character.Traversing the map can be fun and some mild thought will be required about what should be tunneled out and how in order to avoid obstacles and get to minerals.Once your light goes out you cannot make these decisions and cannot see what your tunneling into so this means you have to travel back to town.  This can be tedious; up and down, up and down, espcially if you do not focus on certain upgrades and make a mess in tunneling which can trap you.A problem with the game, though its not obvious how game design could have solved it, is how digging constantly can be tedious. If you are not careful it is easy to die or to lose at least immediate access to l$$t.SteamWorkld Dig is a pretty decent game, if you like puzzle games, 2d platformers or just a bit of nostalgia for old classics like 'Boulder Dash' or 'Diggers'. I think its worth getting."
76561198051607908,Recommended,252410,11069442,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,super780,"Such a nice and fun game!Although it's short (you can easily finish it in 3 hours), you won't be able to stop digging till the end!Recommended if you like games which involve gathering treasures, adventure and upgrading your character."
,Recommended,252410,8918079,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Daniel Rehn,"Super fun, potentially obsessive, and well-crafted. I enjoyed it so much that I played the entire game twice (first on 3DS, now on Steam). It's fun to watch friends play because everyone has a different digging style: some careful and slow, others curious and collecting every single gem, and the rest trying to reach the bottom as fast as possible.Several reviews referenceDig Dug, but I found the core mechanic more reminiscientMr. Driller. Highly recommended."
76561197999590055,Recommended,252410,8166218,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,nibas,"Something quite unique and beautiful, despite it's short."
,Recommended,252410,30698998,Posted: 23 March,all,Thxly,"A gem.I picked this up for 3 bucks on sale and wish I could leave a tip.Control is great.  Design is great.  Art is great.  Pacing is great.  Difficulty is perfectly paced.  Story is...I don't care.The game is split into essentially three acts.  As you dig deeper, you learn more skills, which basic makes things easier as you go along.  Like any RPG.My favorite bit was the beginning-middle of the game when you are incredibly vulnerable and really have to consider your resources, and really consider how you dig.  If you dig straight down without consideration on how you'll get back to the surface, well, good luck.Later in the game...it kind of just gives you hand-outs that make mobility not an issue.Regardless - worth it."
76561198035735352,Recommended,252410,7997481,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,cschock,"Unexpectedly good little game. Not overly long, but pretty fun. Don't be fooled by the store description, it really isn't much like Terraria. It's really more of a platformer with mining that rewards careful play rather than twitchy play. As a port from the Nintendo 3DS it is exceptional, though you I wish you could remap the keys.You can rush to finish the game fast, but you can also take your time exploring everything. Since the levels are randomly generated it does have some replay value though the ""special"" rooms you find are always the same."
,Recommended,252410,28109944,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MittenMarauder,"A great little gem, I highly recommend Steamworld Dig to anyone that enjoys platformers.The game feels familiar enough that there is not really anything new brought to the table, but still a solid game. The new moves are earned at a decent rate, and the upgrades are available for purchase about as fast as you can make the money to get them. I rarely felt I was waiting on a needed upgrade to progress.My only complaint, albeit a minor one, is that the game was rather short. Taking my time, the game took me 9.8 hours for a 100% complete run. The game can be done in under 2.5 hours from start to finish, according to the achievements."
,Recommended,252410,25462309,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Chekote,"Really fun game focusing on exploration and upgrades. The progression is paced well, introducing upgrades or new mechanics just in time to keep things fresh."
,Recommended,252410,9137130,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,RussTech,"Now THIS is how you mix different game types together. Steamworld Dig blends together Metroid, Spelunky, and Terraria flawlessly. You play as Rusty, a robot that receives a mine from his uncle. From that sentence, you know plot doesn't matter here. The object is to dig deeper & deeper into your mine, gathering ores to sell so you can buy upgrades for the various tools you find while exploring. The game starts off a bit slow, but stick with it and you'll find a very nice risk & reward system. There's treasure everywhere, but there are also traps and enemies to fight. The graphics in Steamworld Dig look fantastic. Hand-drawn 2D sprites and excellent animation. Each playthrough is randomized, so you also have replay value. I only have a couple negatives for Steamworld. The music for me was somewhat forgettable, but that's a small complaint for a game of this quality. Also, I wish the game were a bit more challenging, but that's another small complaint."
,Recommended,252410,23939824,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,sarysa,"SteamWorld Dig is one of the later, but more polished games to come out featuring an overworld hub and digging to the bottom in search of incrementally better gear and loot...I guess you could call the genre ""Mini-Minecraft"". From the looks of it, this one is not procedurally generated...or if it is, it's kept at a bare minimum. (screenshots of the first area in two separate save slots only differ in parallax positioning) It runs similar to some of the ones you might have seen on XBL Indie in the early 2010s: You have an overworld hub which grows as your quest progresses, you go down different sub-strata (which are marked on the minimap) and eventually you reach two different areas. There's also a number of challenge rooms where you can find upgrades and rare minerals, but most inventory items are disabled.Gameplay is decent, but keep in mind that it's slower paced than most games in the genre. Dirt and rocks take longer to destroy when you cross into the lower substrata and levels, even though their appearance doesn't change much throughout the game. To put it into context, dirt at the bottom of the last level takes 4 hits to destroy with the most powerful pickaxe. I get that it's meant to be one of those low-stress zen games, but it might be a little repetitive for some peoples' tastes. There's also a lot of backtracking caused by your tiny inventory -- at most you can only carry up to 16 small minerals, assuming they match perfectly in stacks of 4. I found this to be a poor design choice as a 5 hour playthrough can easily contain close to an hour of backtracking. You can by upgrades, but these upgrades come a bit slowly and detract from pickaxe upgrades which are also desperately needed. Teleporters also help alleviate this, but they cost 3 of a rare currency -- another questionable decision because both rare and common currency are finite. There's no technical reason to make an item that increases the game's enjoyability so hard to get.In spite of these complaints, the positives outweigh the negatives.Controls are solid, though you start out pretty weak...even by the standards of the genre. One tile high jump, slow movement speed, and fall damage that doesn't really befit a robot protagonist. This is one of those games where it's not until halfway that the controls on their own become fun to mess around with. My only complaint here is they took too long to give us the good stuff.The graphics are definitely its strongest point. The animations are solid, the characters are unique and detailed, while the backgrounds and enemy models really tell a story on their own. They tell you more about the world's history than the characters do. All graphics are at least 1080p.The sound is nice, but the music gets repetitive. The loops are fairly short and each level has only one tune. I think it's a total of 6 tunes: Intro, overworld, levels 1-3, and the final boss -- all quality pieces, just not really enough to carry a 3-5 hour game.All in all, a decent entry for the genre."
,Recommended,252410,14158945,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Georgie Denbrough,"Really fun, cheap platformer with a lot of nice visuals, fluid controls and a lot of personality 9/10Would be 10/10 but robots scare me, get the EMP grenades"
,Recommended,252410,8034214,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Steamworld Dig is an impressive little game. It reminded me a bit of Mr. Driller, but with deeper gameplay and without the timer. As the new mining bot in town it's your job to dig your way down the old mines and find as many minerals as you can while uncovering the story. Sell the minerals to the locals to gather money and buy upgrades. Upgrades you desperately need later on in the game, when enemies become tougher to kill and it literally takes seconds to destroy blocks.I guess you'll die several times during the game, which is totally fine. Even when I died I wanted to collect my dropped loot and go to that next mine. It evokes that 'one more time' feeling with every death.But like I said, it's a little game. And it can be finished in 3+ hours, depending on if you want to collect the achievements or not.The graphics are colorful, sharp and charming and look great on higher resolutions. The sounds consist of nothing but sound bites and background music, but they fit the game and get the job done.It doesn't even matter, the end result is awesome. Steamworld Dig is a great game and should be played by anyone who loves games.[Rating: 86/100]"
76561198138827987,Recommended,252410,22485240,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sadboy91,"This game is reminding me what platformers should be. Easy to pick up, cool aesthetic, no perceivable bugs, intuitive gameplay and tutorial system. All around good show!"
76561198343482820,Recommended,252410,34068031,Posted: 6 August,all,Snowstorm Bengal,"SteamWorld DigReleased in 2013, SteamWorld Dig is a 2D platform adventure game created by Swedish developer Image & Form Games. Set in a steampunk inspired vision of the Wild West, players assume the role of Rusty, a steambot who arrives in the town of Tumbleton after inheriting the deed to his uncle’s mine.Gameplay is focused around the concept of mining through the earth to collect resources such as ore, gemstones and mysterious glowing orbs. You must return to town and sell your collected treasure in order to buy upgrades for your equipment. There is a fairly heavy emphasis on exploration as the mine is randomly generated at the start of each play through, causing resources and enemy positions to differ every time you start a new game.As you progress through the mine you will encounter cave entrances which contain set piece challenges, usually in the form of hazardous gauntlets or basic environmental puzzles. Some caves are purely optional and offer only additional resources; others advance the storyline and allow you to unlock a new ability or piece of equipment which generally increases your mining proficiency.The mine itself is split into three distinct zones, each with their own exclusive enemies and hazards. Combat elements exist, however engaging enemies can feel quite clumsy and unrefined, especially before you have access to more offensive abilities. You are often fighting at short range and in confined spaces, which can consequently result in a battle of attrition as you simply trade blows with enemies.Graphically, SteamWorld Dig uses a beautifully vivid art style which is full of bold colours and fun background details. The developers have enhanced this PC release, allowing the game to support HD 1080p resolutions. The soundtrack also deserves an honourable mention. There are nine tracks and each section of the game has its own unique theme which is full of character. When combined with the art style, the music helps create an atmosphere which complements the western steampunk theme very well.The storyline in SteamWorld Dig is very simplistic with the only real plot expositions being made at the very start and end of the game. Very little in the way of story is referenced as you progress through. However despite this limited narrative, the game does not suffer too badly and the addictive gameplay alone should be enough to compel you through.SteamWorld Dig is a short game that can be comfortably completed in less than 10 hours. Unfortunately there are no new game plus features, however it does offer some replay value due to the randomisation of the core game world. It is also worth noting that there are some challenging achievements that will significantly increase your gameplay time if you are a completionist.Overall, SteamWorld Dig is a decent 2D platform adventure with some solid controls and enjoyable gameplay. It is a nicely presented game with a striking art style and charming soundtrack to match. It is a short and simplistic experience with some definite weaknesses, but these can largely be forgiven and ultimately do not detract from the game’s genuinely entertaining and addictively compelling gameplay."
,Recommended,252410,13997815,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,salem1789,Awesome game!Reminded me a little bit of Spelunky without the timer...unless you're going for the achievement10/10
,Recommended,252410,24963341,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,"good fun game, best played with a controler.-sweet graphics.-great gameplay.-good smooth controls.-not short.-nice updates to buy.-not that easy.-nice secrets.i hope there will be a 2nd part soon (not talking about SteamWorld Heist)."
,Recommended,252410,26357977,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,peterbourbon,"Very funny and addicting digging-platformer. As people already said: It's a bit too short, but it's well-designed and worth the money. Totally enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,252410,9349949,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Gunderson Mallard,"SteamWorld Dig is an Arnold Palmer of Dig Dug and good old Metroidvania. The gameplay is solid if not a bit too straightforward: you dig. You will dig for gold to buy upgrades that will allow you to dig more efficiently, and so the vicious cycle will continue. There is some light combat, exploration, and platforming involved and it all plays out rather nicely.I really only tend to complain when games drag out, but SteamWorld seemed to just rush through itself. I almost feel like SteamWorld invited me over to play Legos, but then at the last second got insecure and just decided to rush through all the fun stuff rather than just enjoy a decent amount of time together. It’s really hardly a complaint, it is more of a backhanded encouragement: you were a nice little gem, I just wish there was more of you.For the time that SteamWorld does stick around it is strangely enjoyable. I think I may actually have some fun with a digging simulator as this game managed to convince me that digging could be fun and wasn’t just for mining nerds. There is definitely some combat and exploration, and I do remember a bit of a challenge here or there.This is not a life changing game, but it is well oiled and worth a bit of your time. I can recommend it on sale for those don’t expect Guacamelee."
,Recommended,252410,34560856,Posted: 28 August,all,KidKangaroo,"Neat little chill out game. Gameplay is simple but addicting with regular twists on it. Music and atmosphere are really cool. Not too challenging, so don't except to die a lot (or at all)."
,Recommended,252410,10030941,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Open World Gfx Afficienado [sic],"For a Fistful of Dollars you could get this decent little game to play while watching NetflixFor a Few Dollars More You could probably get a better Metroidvania, like La-Mulana or Guacamelee, but oh well.The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly"
,Recommended,252410,10956535,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dash Krimson,"SteamWorld Dig isn't exactly rock-hard, but it is surprisingly deep, with a nicely lengthy expedition to mine for fun. I say beg or burrow the money to buy this game. I'm really digging it."
76561198011987255,Recommended,252410,31885808,Posted: 21 May,all,mat1200012,Pros:- great artwork and atmosphere- simple yet fun gameplay- some puzzles to solve and later levels to unlock through puzzlesCons:- too short- worlds aren't varied enough
76561198028335450,Recommended,252410,7934883,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Horse Cosby,"An awesome, highly-polished game with great progression and fun gameplay mechanics.  Plays very smoothly w/ Xbox360 controller.  Sound design and direction in general are dramatically better than in most indie/budget games.The billing of ""hybrid of Super Metroid and Terria"" is fair and accurate, though it lacks the vastness and complexity of those titles.  Not that it matters, in my opinion, as what IS here is handled exceptionally well and captivates throughout.The only knock against this game, in my book, is the length.  Exploring the vast majority of nooks and crannies, as well as backtracking regulary (more on this after the review) put me at 6h11m for completion.  Others are reporting clear times of around 3 hours, and knowing what I know now, I would assume that those people are enjoying the game even more than I did (and are probably even more upset about the game's brevity).Overall I'd give this game an 8/10.  If the game were dramatically longer or lower-priced, I'd probably be calling it 9/10.  On a day when I had nothing important to do, and was really dying for a timekiller, this absolutely hit the spot and was worth the money.(spoilers ahead, read at own risk)I hate spoilers and I hate spoiling things for people, but there is one thing I reallllllly wish I knew before starting the game:Relatively early-on, you'll get a chance to buy a consumable item that allows faster travel to/from town.  Because the currency required for this item is very rare in the beginning, I was hesitant to use them.  In retrospect, I regret the additional time spent backtracking in lieu using these items.If you're fairly thorough in your search, you'll find enough currency to buy at least a dozen of these items and still have enough left-over to buy all of the upgrades.  This will obviously cut your playtime down a bit, likely to the range of 3-5 hours, but you'll probably get a bit more enjoyment out of the game than I did!"
,Recommended,252410,10201672,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,"Kattanaita,","Super charismatic platformer with great graphics and responsive controls. Short, but encourages replayability with interesting Achievements. Worth the full price for the quality alone."
76561197972144762,Recommended,252410,11006796,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sathlin,"Liked the game a lot.  was fun, not too hard which i like.lots of exploring making sure to find all the gems, etc..Lots of different upgrades to buy, you get something new to buy each level."
,Recommended,252410,25680901,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Metro Retro | gamekit.com,"IntroductionDeveloped and published by Image & Form, SteamWorld Dig is a steampunk, mining adventure with a interesting story to keep you playing the game the whole way through. The game seems to be taking a sharp turn when it comes to the price of the game, but it would really depend on how many playthroughs you would want to go through on this game.GameplaySteamWorld Dig is thought to be basically a big mining adventure, whereby you explore the vast underground collecting ores for money and upgrading your equipment. Throughout the game you are given certain objectives to full-fill, most of the time you will need to dig underground to find a new area and collect new equipment that will help you on your journey. With the ores that you find underground you will be able to exchange them for money and level up as well. Leveling up will unlock upgrades for you to purchase in the small town that is your sanctuary for the game.Most of the time in games I personally don't really bother with the story line, it takes a large portion of the time I could be playing the game to reading or watching cut scenes to the story of the game. This game however was a exception and one of the few games that got my attention straight away with the story. It's a rather basic story line, not really going into much description but that just means less time reading and more time playing the game itself.The upgrades for your character are rather linear and not really as creative as I thought it would be. The basic upgrades are for your weapons/tools are basically the amount of damage it does or how effective it is for digging. You can also buy upgrades that increase your health, water storage size, your armour and other general elements to make the game a bit easier for you.I feel like the game itself could've been strung out a bit more than it did, I played the game for about 8 hours (played offline for a bit hence why it doesn't say 8 hours on steam) and was rather surprised when the game ended. I was hoping for some sort of new game+ or maybe a different kind of character to be, unfortunately there was none of that. This for me really made the game fall a bit further into the mine, seeing as I wouldn't really want to play the game a second time without something different in the game itself.This now leads me onto the price of the game, at full price you will be paying £6.99 (or your regional equivalent) and get at least 7-10 hours of gameplay. Now whether you feel the need to play the game a second time, or collect all the achievements would really depend if you buy the game for the full price. Luckily for myself, I bought it cheap for £1.74 and getting 8 hours of gameplay out of that is rather good.The graphics of the game are really fitting with the sort of steampunk aesthetic that the game is set in. The main character in town all look different from one another and have their own personalities when you talk to them so they don't just seem all the same. As for the enemies, I feel like there could've been more of them on each area. Some of them did seem kind of cheap and re skinned to look different but I feel like the games visuals overall really cover that fact and make the game look really nice.As well as the graphics of the game, the music was rather surprising to say the least. Throughout the game you will explore different ares underground, each different type of area will have it's own soundtrack and I feel like all of them really fit well with the surroundings of the game itself.Pros- Easy to pick up and play- Fun and addictive gameplay- Short and interesting story line- Characters have their own personalities- Visual aesthetic look really good with the steampunk vibe throughout the game- Great music throughout the gameCons- Upgrades feel rather linear and uncreative- Might want to hold off until the game goes on sale since the game is only 7-10 hours worth on a single playthrough, you might feel compelled to play the game multiple times, but I personally didn't- No new game+ or anything different if I played the game again after completing itResult / Final ThoughtsI personally feel like this is a gem of a game with a short but sweet story along with it. The game still however has room for improvement and I also feel like the game is a bit too short for the full asking price of the game. I would highly recommended waiting for a sale and then picking it up since you may or may not be playing through this game multiple times.Rating: 6.7/10For more reviews on a wide range of games, go and followLot's O Giveaway'scurator grouphere. Also, feel free to check out myyoutube channelif you have the time to. Whether you do or don't, thanks for reading my review."
76561197995343647,Not Recommended,252410,10843592,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hopefully Humble Tim,"Repetitive. Very repetitive. Sure, you can purchase upgrades, but they're just stronger versions of your original equipment. Sure, you get new places and meet new enemies, but they're just stronger versions of the enemies in the first zone.This could have been a fun, procedural-world, exploration game, but the terrible lack of variety in items/moves/gameplay makes it a dud."
76561198041730916,Recommended,252410,9172156,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Chibode,"This game is really, really fun. Super addicting, I am seriously enjoying this game a lot. 9/10 not Harvest Moon 64 but almost as good. You play a steampunk robot and inherit a mine. You then go to work mining away and selling, then using the money to upgrade your gear and mine deeper. Seems very simple, because it it. Yet somehow very enjoyable not repetetive at all! Pick up this game and play it you will not regret it! Especially since it is on sale right now."
,Recommended,252410,8554781,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kyrael,"It's a mashup of Dig Dug, action platformers, with a unique aesthetic and a charming feel to it. The art is clear, and there's no way to get too mixed up. The controls are tight--though I did have a little trouble with midair control--due to a certain level of inertia. It took me a few hours to beat, and there's an achievement for doing it around two and a half. So it's a bit of a bite size game, but overall, worth a few dollars.tl;dr Charming and fun and certainly worth having a few dollars thrown at."
,Recommended,252410,9305707,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MC Fluffy Beats,"This game is really fun, but I think that some people who don't like pure collecting might be turned off by the somewhat slow pace at the beginning of the game. It doesn't take long before it gets really interesting. It's a mix of platforming, exploration, strategy, and collecting items to upgrade your abilities. Later parts of the game are really exciting because of the increased amount of enemies and traps present. I really enjoyed playing it and collecting the upgrades, and I found the game to be really unique. Definitely something to try if you're into platforming games."
,Recommended,252410,10856213,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AndresOnion,Easy to pick up and very addictive.
,Recommended,252410,10911857,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BobTheJanitor,"A short enjoyable take on the Motherload formula. Dig to get ore, sell ore to get upgrades, dig deeper to get more ore, eventually uncover the terrible secret hidden in the depths. Not really breaking any new ground (lolpun) but a fun use of 3 hours or so."
76561198026644777,Recommended,252410,9235232,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,{158} Mcnolty,"Excellent little game, a solid and fun several hours of gameplay. Reminiscent of Metroid and Spelunky all at once. A definite recommendation especially if you can catch it on sale."
,Recommended,252410,7949536,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,HaVoK308,"Amazing is probably an over-used word when describing a video game. But when talking about 'SteamWorld Dig', I can't think of a better word. This is some serious high quailty, highly polished platforming.  Pure Gaming Goodness right here folks. Buy it!"
76561197977541823,Recommended,252410,9250530,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Ki[[r()y,Love the game. Platformer that feels like cross between Metroid and Dig-Dug. It is short but definitely worth the time and $. Have to explore and revisit areas once you find powerup items. Great music and atmosphere. Addictive and fun classic gamepley. I hope to see some DLC for this game -=RECOMMEND=-
76561198035945370,Recommended,252410,9235632,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Malsain,"If You're looking for a Spelunky-like experience, but with rpg-leveling, much finer digging process (pickaxe, drill and powerfist instead of some effin' scarce bombs) and _without_ extremely punishing deaths & rage quits - look no further: You've found The Game Of Your Dreams;)My only complaint: too damn short! I've leveled out to max and bought almost all upgrades & completed the game in 10 hours. TO DEVELOPERS: would totally buy any DLC or a second part of this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,252410,10010108,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,"MACZ2021, inventor of B^)","If you like Metroidvania styled games, there's a good chance you'll enjoy this. It's also on the 3DS eshop if you prefer to have it on a handheld. Putting that aside, it's kinda on the short side. You can still go back and do more exploring once you beat the final boss but unless you're going for achievements, not much to do otherwise."
,Recommended,252410,9283959,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Winter Soldier,"Good game!The gameplay is fun and addictive and rather like the digging aspect of Terraria, though there is no crafting – instead, the materials you find are sold for money, which in turn is used to buy upgrades. New abilities are unlocked as you explore the mines, which allow access to new places.My only complaint, in fact, is that the game is perhaps a littletoofast paced – I could have used more time to try out my latest ability before discovering the next one. I clocked the game in about 6.5 hours despite being a pedantically thorough explorer, so I also found it a bit short.That said, everything else about this game is well polished. The graphics are smooth and beautiful, the music and sound effects are stylish and atmospheric, and I didn't encounter a single bug. All in all, a solid recommend."
76561197969544001,Recommended,252410,7963056,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"Amazing fun!Graphics / Animations are beautiful. Nice little metroidvania, and after your first playthrough it has some toughy achieves for you to try for. Great game, really impressed me."
76561198061401443,Recommended,252410,29028700,Posted: 5 January,all,Triple Seven,"Great aesthetic and animations with simple but well-made and addictive gameplay. While the similarities to things like Terraria and Starbound are largely superficial (there is mining but no crafting or block placement), anyone who enjoys those, Metroidvania style platforming and puzzles, and even games like Rogue Legacy should definitely give this a shot."
76561197979969103,Recommended,252410,29174442,Posted: 10 January,all,Kiros,Well madePolishedGood PacingDoesn't over stay its welcome
,Recommended,252410,24069925,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,.Loopy.,"Digging deep, getting rich and discovering mysteries.7/10Worth the price?:For what the game is and having some similar free games online, buy on sale.PROS:-Smooth controls makes platforming easy-Clean graphics-Enjoyable puzzle rooms that are a good break from just digging straight down-Tons of upgrades to unlock and buyCONS:-Layers can get very repetitive of just digging, return to surface to sell, repeat-The end area was far to overwhelming and crowded-Forgetting to buy a portal and having to backtrack a HUGE distance-Upgrades don't change the player visuallyFor a mining game this is a very good one, lots of things to mine and lots of things to upgrade. This game is not randomly generated like most would think for a mining game, giving it no replay value. SteamWorld Dig has an interesting plot that is really the only motivation to keep digging after a while, I found myself trying to rush through sections near the end simply to carry on with the story cause I was very bored of digging. Overall was a great little game and worth trying if it is on sale. Happy digging!"
76561197961756026,Recommended,252410,26231586,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Sckoupe,"I had no idea what to expect when I purchased this game from the Steam shop. After the requisite due diligence that I perform before laying down the cash for any game, SteamWorld Dig appeared to be right up my alley. My shortlist of games is exactly that and I have to say that developer Image & Form tied my hands with this one. They gave me no choice but to add their latest release to it because, from the moment I picked up my controller, SteamWorld Dig became an instant favorite.A mining, platform adventure set in the steampunk equivalent of the old west, SteamWorld Dig takes place in a mining town by the name of Tumbleton, with a burgeoning population of a whopping three NPC's. Crazy right? Well if you're impressed with those stats then let me season your ears with this juicy piece of news. I'm happy to inform you that with a lot of blood (steam), sweat (steam) and tears (more steam), you can attract a lot of attention and get that number all the way up to five, as new shopkeepers arrive to make Tumbleton their new home.The story here is as straightforward as you're likely to get as you - Rusty, that is - arrive in town to claim the deed to your uncle Joe's mine after he suffered an unfortunate and untimely end. Your goal is to explore and collect as much ore as possible by digging up everything you find and selling it at the trade shop back in town. This will allow you to purchase various upgrades from Rusty, the old Tumbleton native, such as better mining equipment like your pickaxe and storage, as well as armor enhancements and better lighting. After all, isn't it best to see where it is you're going to avoid meeting the same fate as your late uncle?Aesthetically, SteamWorld Dig is clean and crisp with high-resolution artwork that sets the western/steampunk theme beautifully and never falters. Right away, the audio is engaging with its sharp, edgy notes, similar to the atmosphere that might be present in a saloon. On the other hand, perhaps what you might typically expect from the sound effects used in a period film surrounding the lifestyle and nature of a small western town during the early 17th century. Either way, it grabs your attention, complimenting the stunningly rendered graphics and allowing them to do their job. Without wanting to give away too much, I'll just say that the more you dig and the deeper you get, the music begins taking on a darker, almost grungier tone, becoming progressively more exotic to set the stage for the changes that take place the farther down you get.SteamWorld Dig isn't exactly an action-packed, high-octane thriller that will have you on the edge of your seat but it's still unbelievably fun, in its own way. The same kind of fun you would have playing The Sims, Minecraft or Terraria for example; a more reserved, mellow sort of fun that's just as satisfying and more than sufficiently entertaining.Taking advantage of the terrain there are traps, such as falling rocks and barrels of TNT that can work both for and against you, depending on how the player interacts with their environment. The enemies too can seem rather docile at first glance, either standing still to throw objects in your direction whenever you enter their line of sight or just leisurely walking around. Much of the time this is limited to the number of uninterrupted blocks they are currently standing on. The AI itself works based on cause and effect, towing the line between simplicity and effectiveness by forcing the player to adapt rather than pursuing them relentlessly. As a result, most of the difficulty comes from situations the players will get themselves into; I don't know about the rest of you, but there is something quite refreshing and humbling about that.As with any platformer, a tight control scheme is vital because without a solid, responsive setup a good game can devolve into a fumbling, erratic mess.  This is true of any game I know but even more so for the genre in question, along with a few others that require honed reflexes and a quick eye.While other games may be able to get away with controls that are seamlessly interchangeable between keyboard and gamepad and I applaud those that accomplish such a feat, this is not one of them. Trying to play a game of any genre with both hands on the keyboard is a thing of the past and a practice best isolated to other areas and styles of gameplay like FPS or Action RPG's such as Diablo. No matter how your actions are assigned across the keyboard, it always feels unnatural and forced. Something that will always take away from the enjoyment, the fun you were looking forward to going in. Who wants to spend all their time messing about with clunky, archaic controls when they could be spending it terrorizing trilobites and shiners, wreaking havoc on the denizens of the old world?As is the case in these kinds of situations, a controller will no doubt solve that problem for you. Highly customizable, your keystrokes and button presses can be programmed according to your distinct preferences. With an eight-button selection right at your fingertips, you'll have everything you need and won't give it a second thought after the initial setup process. Your movements will feel smoother and actions far easier to execute without a hint of awkwardness because the level of polish that's present keeps you from being distracted, allowing you to focus on what's important, (like digging up that last piece of Chocolotite).There's probably only about 7-10 hours of gameplay and only a single boss fight at the end of the game. Although still great, this leaves me feeling slightly underwhelmed. I think there should have been at least three - one for each section - at the bare minimum and would have added so much more substance to a game that is already so highly regarded. The length of SteamWorld Dig, however, is not an indicator of its quality and is by no means detrimental to what it tries to accomplish.So, you've read the reviews, watched the trailers and otherwise analyzed the hell out of SteamWorld Dig, but you're unsure whether to go ahead and give this one a shot. If that's the case, let me make it easier on you. The price tag that comes with a purchase like this may be $10.99 at full price, but you have my blessing to go ahead and give up every one of those 1,099 pennies, so you can hoard it with the rest of your collection. If by any chance, you're reading this, thinking to yourself that I've lost my mind in some way, then I've done my job and you have your answer. Tuck it away in your wish list for another day and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,252410,11750233,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"""Oh, welcome traveler. Your father has died in a mine. Thus, you should go down into it and STRIP-MINE THE GODDAMN HOLE IN THE GROUND FOR EVERY PIECE OF MONEY IT HAS.""""THAT'S A GREAT ♥♥♥♥ING IDEA!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOU, CAVE. YOU TAKE MY FATHER'S LIFE????? I TAKE ALL YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!""FIVE HOURS LATER, AT THE ABSOLUTE BOTTOM OF THE CAVE""BLEEPBLORP MONEYBAGS, YOU HAVE FINALLY ARRIVED IN MY EVIL ROBOT LAIR!!! I AM AN EVIL ROBOT WITH MANY EASILY DISCERNABLE WEAK POINTS. I WANT TO EAT YOU AND MAKE YOU PART OF MY ROBOT BODY.""""OH YEAH? WELL IT'S TIME FOR ME TO DESTROY ALL OF YOUR HEATSINKS!!!!!!!!!!""(THEY FIGHT!!!!!!!!!)I would have quit this a long time ago, but the Metroidvania bits of this game work just enough. It's busywork masquerading as a game, like Viscera Cleanup Detail. So throw on a couple of podcasts while you're playing."
,Recommended,252410,12143677,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ObiWannnabe,"A fun mix of Metroid and Dig Dug, with lots of upgrades and loot collecting, and it doesn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,252410,7941774,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The_Pastmaster,Good game but hardly original. It's fun if you have some time to pass as it's very casual. If you have played the old game Motherload then this won't be anything new unfortuanetly. Same gameplay and hazards between the two with few differences. If you haven't played either or both I do reccommend it. :)
,Recommended,252410,28675073,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dominick12987,SteamWorld Digs a fun little game to waste time with
76561198198867301,Recommended,252410,23927354,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LickerOfLemons,"Very fun. Lagless. Great strategy, puzzles, and mining. Its a mix of Minecraft, Terraria, and Shovel Knight. I got it for $2.49 during the 2016 summer sale. I's spend way more on it. I wish i had gotten it sooner."
,Recommended,252410,9160304,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MyMy,Just Yes. Especially if you miss (or missed) Terraria/Starbound-style explorations.
76561198266950649,Recommended,252410,28989887,Posted: 3 January,all,TNTbatman03,this is a fun game but it is to short but you should get it.
,Recommended,252410,21205520,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Arderath,"This game is surprisingly entertaining. It's a loop of digging (exploration) and upgrades. It provides a quite relaxing experience, while at some points including some platforming that can provide a bit of a challenge to solve. The music fits and the graphics are decent, with many of the characters having a nice hand-drawn feel to them. It keeps throwing new things at you at a steady enough pace for the game to always have something fresh. The story is decent enough, though it certainly takes a bit of a backseat to the mechanics.An enjoyable game, which I recommend you pick up if you want some relxaing gameplay."
,Recommended,252410,30730385,Posted: 25 March,all,FxM. Ethan,Very addictive and high detailed level design. Some player may finished it in less then 2 hours its because they aren't pay enough attention to the secret passages. Dig again and see what you missed!
76561198004585919,Recommended,252410,34726622,Posted: 3 September,all,sircrimsonfox,"Steamworld Sig is pretty much a perfect Platform Adventure. It's Dig Dug meets Diablo. The characters (both yours and others you meet) are incredibly appealing and cute. THe theme is everywhere and pitchperfect. The gameplay is pretty flawless. I haven't seen anything I've really found klunky. And the endless stream of upgrades are great and keep enticing you down into more difficult parts of the mine where you can use them on challenges you couldn't beat earlier. And the Teleporter makes this fantastic as you can skip trodding through parts of the mine you did awhile ago. The part that's Diablo...it gave me the exact same feel as the original. A simple traveler that meets a townfull of appealing friendly NPCS and goes delving deep into a spooky dungeon, not sure what will kill him and testing everything here and there all the awhile gathering different goodies in the mine, the various ores. And buying all those upgrades. Makes me feel like I'm upgrading weapons. in Diablo. Not a thing wrong with this. Very playable by people that aren't great at platformers and keeps throwing new stuff at you to appeal to veterans. Last time I liked a platformeradventure this much was the Sly Cooper series and this one is far tighter."
76561197991979658,Recommended,252410,7981213,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Paul Fisch,Good game.  Kind of like a unique combination of metroidvania and a digging game.  Not very difficult but pretty fun.  Honestly metroidvania games are never really very difficult so I would say it is normal difficulty for a metroidvania.  Would buy again.
,Recommended,252410,8368221,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ChillyBilly,One of the very best of 2013. SteamWorld Dig came out of nowhere and hit in a big way. Ton of content and replayability. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,252410,11747810,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,smerlus,"SteamWorld Dig is a short but entertaining romp through a world where humans have ruined the environment and devolved into subterranean mutants. The gameplay is reminiscent of Dig Dug with a touch of the Metroidvania style.The summary for the game on the store page states the game has strong Metroidvania influences but I have to disagree there. When I think of games like Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, I remember large, fairly open world to explore where there are numerous paths however, some can only be traversed once a certain item/skill is obtained. Steamworld Dig has the blocked path thing down but there’s very little area to explore as the item needed to get passed the blockage is fairly close to the blockage itself.Other than that the only other gripes I have is that lack of enemy variation the game not being very difficult and lack of replayability. Those issues aren’t that major and do little to take away from a game that is pretty charming just based on the art style and characters. The game does a great job of mixing western and steampunk aesthetics which is most noticeable in the surface town where the main character interacts with the local robotic townsfolk.Most of the game takes place in an abandoned mine where Rusty, main character will dig through the ground collecting rare minerals and ores to sell topside so that new items and tools can be bought. He inherited this mine from his recently deceased uncle that passed away and the main purpose of digging is to unearth the mysteries of the mine. While digging there are quite a few obstacles that Rusty can come across including about a dozen types of creatures and remnants of the past that will try to prevent the character from progressing along with poor mine planning. The game is part platformer so careful mining is somewhat important because if you’re low on life, you’ll want an easy way to return to the surface. If you’ve blocked your path or made too deep of a tunnel then the only way to go is further down.You start off with very basic equipment and little to worry about but after a short while, the character will get stronger by purchasing upgrades and unlocking new technology found in the mine. After a while, besides worrying about heath and coal (for lighting your path) you’ll also have to manage water which lubricates your more powerful talents and digging tools.Through exploring this mine, Rusty will slowly piece together what his uncle was up to and also unearth something pretty sinister in the mine and it will be up to him to use all the items that he’s found to defeat this buried foe.In about 6 hours I’ve reached the end and done everything I wanted to do with the game. I dug to the depth of the world, dispatched the main enemy and grown the town from a couple of friendly robots to, well only a few more. It was a pretty good time throughout and the game ends pretty openly so there’s a good chance to see Rusty in a future adventure."
,Recommended,252410,9242976,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,zatone,Very nice metroidvania game. Good controls and nice graphics. Music is ok. But the game is extremely short. Took me 8 hours to complete it with 100% of the items. There is no replay value so far.  Still I enjoyed this game more than other AAA games I own so I recommend it!
,Recommended,252410,7964389,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,1up,This game is really fun to play and i really enjoyed it alot. But sadly the developer gave away some potential. The Game is really short. I finished the first time in 4:33 hours. Moreover there are only 3 Levels which makes me a little sad. The Game looks great but that much more fun to play if you have finished it once already.But i think for the Price its definitly worth a buy.
,Recommended,252410,9819193,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Czaros,"SteamWorld Dig is a wonderful indie-game from the swedish dev Image & Form that debuted and succeded on Nintendo 3DS. After beating it there I decided to buy it again on PC and I don't regret it because it was worth it.The HD visuals may not be the most beautiful thing you'll see, but it still has a nice design and artstyle. The music is great. It is nice to listen to and doesn't stress the player. It is somewhat enhanced in the PC-version. The sounds are basic but good enough.In the game you play as Rusty, a steambot who came to Tumbleton to claim his uncle's mine. As you start to dig deeper you discover new upgrades for Rusty and dig even deeper into the unknown depths below. In the mines you can dig up minerals that you can sell to get cash and level up Tumbleton which unlocks new upgrades. The whole game takes 2-7 hours to beat but it has a good replay value.I recommend it strongly, it a very good game.In classic rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,252410,9336137,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,metharme,"Really cool, kind of an easier version of Star Bound.  Just dig deep, find upgrades to your robot self, dig further.  Supports a controller, a nice game to sit back in the living room and kill time wtih."
,Recommended,252410,10888771,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PinkPony,"Forget the new Motherload, THIS is the Motherload that you know and love.Three different areas, split into differing 'levels', with both secret and mandatory 'caves'; More ore types than you'll remember; Enough upgrades to fill three different shops; A consistent stream of new abilities that keep the levels fresh; Long enough to be enjoyable, short enough to not get boring (My game came to 6:30 hours). There is one boss battle to end the game, which while a little bland, works well with the mechanics and offers a high note to end your adventure on.This IS Motherload. But what's wrong with it?Well, my biggest gripe, albeit cosmetic, is that none of the upgrades change your character. Visually you'll finish the game the same way you started (minus the three weapons). One of the biggest pulls to the old Motherload game was how each upgrade made a visually significant impact/improvement, which was sorely missed from the characterisation of this game. The townsfolk even mention how much your character has apparently changed.Also, as other reviewers have mentioned, this game can be seen as short, and there isn't much replay value. You get ranked based on deaths, money earned, etc., so if you really feel like playing again to get gold (and acheivements), then you'll get at least one more run for your money. If you know Motherload, you know exactly what you're getting, and you'll be pleasently surprised with the innovations this game brings to the table, but you might want to wait until a sale to buy it.In short:I enjoyed this game very much. It is a golden example of its genre and I would highly recommend it tothose who know what that is. To those looking for Terraria, Dwarf Fortress, a 'Metroidvania' or whatever other games you think this is like, this is not like that. There is no crafting, no building, and you only attack to survive. This is a game about digging down, mining for money, and buying upgrades to survive digging further. Good luck, 'pardner."
,Recommended,252410,10921097,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,tempusnet,"SteamWorld Dig is a simple premise. Dig up gems, Buy upgrades, Use upgrades to dig deeper and find better gems. While it has some Metroidvania elements, it's important to understand from the outset that this is a short game: ~5 hours for your first playthrough, maybe a couple more than that to grab every achievement.The puzzle rooms, where you unleash pickaxe, drill, dynamite and other essential mining tools are the star of this game to me - they are just suitably challenging that when you succeed, you feel pleased with yourself, but they are unlikely for you to get stuck on for any length of time.While overall I recommend the game, It's lack of depth (An irony for a hole digging simulator) means that I'd certainly wait for a sale before you pick it up."
,Recommended,252410,10923687,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Brumbek,"SteamWorld Dig is pretty much a perfect 6 hour video game. It has intuitive gameplay, charming atmosphere, whimsical character design, beautiful 1080p environments, fun abilities, and great pacing. It takes the joy of digging, adds in leveling and upgrades, and packages it in a wonderful homage to the spaghetti westerns of yore with a steampunk/robot vibe.The story is mysterious enough to keep you digging until the end to discover what lies beneath. The music and sound effects fit perfectly as well. It also is forgiving regarding death and provides quick teleporting to avoid backtracking.Basically, this is the perfect game: simple, fun, and charming.Quibbles: you can’t rebind all the KB/M controls or the 360 controller buttons. Some of the Achievements are a tad annoying. The first hour is the weakest since you have no cool abilities.Note: I used a 360 controller and highly recommend you do so as well."
,Recommended,252410,8265441,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Brisbe,"A good description of this game might be 'Spelunky Lite'.  It has a lot of the same feel (platformer with mining and combat), but is a directed experience, and a lot less challenging.  If you're a hardcore Spelunky player, this game is probably not going to be a challenge at all--if you're like me, on the other hand, you'll die a few times on the way to the end, but not enough to get you too discouraged--and you'll have a blast playing it."
,Recommended,252410,25816258,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Hem,"Very pleasant digging/platformer game.Indie game with nice art, nice music, nice story, and nice (though traditional) gameplay. It's a weird mix between Megaman and Spelunky, only for one player, and with a simple objective : reach the end.The system: you dig, you get gems for money, you get upgrades - repeat.You happen to kill enemies and avoid traps along the way, you climb walls and jump, and always go back to the main hub.So, yeah, it's very nice, BUT!- The game is very short, I took my time and finished it in 6 game-hours.- There are only3levels/worlds...- and only1 boss!- The story ends really short with much too few answers! Feels like a Part 1, and there does not seem to be any Part 2 planned.So, it could have been a GREAT indie game, like really deep (for a mining game!), but as it is, it is just a nice indie game which had its potential sadly restricted. I still recommend it for what it is (I would praise its name for what it COULD have been!)"
76561198023931752,Recommended,252410,25681120,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MikeoStraza,I originally bought this game for my kid but I ended up playing it. This game it very addicting it reminded me of the classic game Mr. Driller it wasn't very long but for the price I can't complain it did have a lot to do and I like the story line. I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys a platform styled game
76561197983064288,Recommended,252410,10411878,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Toast,Metroidvania + Dig Dug = this game.You dig... a lot. Get money for rocks. Use money to buy upgrades. Dig some more. Best digging simulator. Would dig again. Fairly simple. Game beat in 7-8 hours.Plot is simple: you inheirit a mine from your lost in the mine but probably dead uncle. And then you start digging. Controls are simple. Made for digging.Music is great digging music.
76561197991334809,Recommended,252410,7975555,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dan78,It's so steampunk that you'd probably start to boil while playing. The only bad thing is that it's too short! I've completed this in about 3 days. =(
76561198045174667,Recommended,252410,8450504,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Necrodamus,"Like Metroid meets mining, makes for a great combo indeed. Highly recommend for exploration freaks."
,Recommended,252410,13779692,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AKwizard,Reminds of teh good ol' days of motherload... but better
,Recommended,252410,13280555,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,mithron,"This game is truly worth buying. It's some relief from everyday duties. You play a digger. But that digger is now living in the world. It upgrades. It finds new things. And it's just beautifully drawn.Game can be played in different styles - slowly crawling dungeons discovering all the secrets or running through it to the end of the game. It's not so long - as many have mentioned before. But still there's no rush. You can do whatever you want. It's open-world. But... with direction. Direction - down. When you are tired of open-world, you just dig down and discover new things that alter you game experience."
,Recommended,252410,10933427,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,John,"awesome design (pretty robots and dialogs), awesome little universe with potential, but it's not realised even for 10%game has main disadvantages:- too short (aprox. ~5 hours)- one difficulty level (99% - easy)- not replayable (but the ending has a ray of hope for continue:)I hope developers will consider all feedbacks to make their next game better.if you will want to buy it -> wait for sale."
,Recommended,252410,9160117,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TimeDoctor,"This game is pretty awesome and you should get it, especially when it is on sale."
,Recommended,252410,8420392,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Melanc,"Short, but great fun throughout. The right mix of puzzle and action."
,Recommended,252410,8278563,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jord-,"Really great game, reminds me of the game ""Motherload"" which I used to love! But with a different engine and game style that keeps me hooked for hours! Great 8/10 game!"
76561197971088971,Recommended,252410,13620877,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hot2moli,"Another great side scroller!  Dig, find, sell, buy...simple enough the kids understand it."
,Recommended,252410,7967969,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,BlackOdd,"A bit short, but very good experience. Everything oozes of quality. Hopefully they can build upon the foundation they've perfected here and make a longer game next time"
,Recommended,252410,12882643,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ricky Lahey,great game one of my new faverites 9.1/10 its basically a more involved version of dig dug
,Recommended,252410,9968298,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Pote,"Bought it on sale just to see what it was all about. Started playing . . . Got hooked instantly. This game is alot of fun. Period. If your looking for something to play just too unwind. This is that Game.PS - their are some parts that could get you mad as hell cuz you just cant get the timing right, but thats on you/me not the gameWorth every penny"
76561198051069576,Recommended,252410,10067384,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,vahla,"Very fun game, that took about 6 hours for me.  I did wait to pick it up on a discount and felt that was about the right price for me.  The best part of the game is that it flows very smoothly, and right about the time you might be thinking it's getting repetitive, you gain a new ability or unlock."
,Recommended,252410,9967387,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Orthopraxis,"Awesome and charming platformer. Digging mechanic is fun, the progression through underground worlds is cool, and the little plot is neat. Upgrade system is also very satisfying. I completely finished this game which is more then I can say for 75% or more of my collection."
76561198089722545,Recommended,252410,10963039,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MootPoint,"Painfully short, but it was a very fun game. The implied history of the world was a nifty little idea too, if robots and wild-west isn't enough a selling point already."
76561198059226592,Recommended,252410,12928814,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Za Finch,"Surprising and fun, the Metroidvania tag certainly applies.  Steamworld Dig has just enough story to be interesting and exactly the right pace of upgrades and new abilities to constantly feel refreshing.  Combined with a lack of bombastic, in-your-face tutorials and a moderate learning curve, it makes the player feel accomplished with each new discovery.  If you like exploration platformers, you're bound to love it.  You'll love it even moreso if you appreciate the steambot aesthetic."
,Recommended,252410,11093557,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Coonhinver,Hell yeah plenty of steam and world digging. Must play if you love steam
,Recommended,252410,10885922,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,123,"Absolutely awesome game, especially for the money. Reminds me of digdug but has a modern indie take on it. Would like to see more content though, not much in the way of side areas and they're not exactly obvious til late game when you realize its a fairly linear path down. Definitely glad I purchased this game though and I can see people doing personal challenges like speed runs or minimal equip runs  to test their abilities."
76561198052832549,Recommended,252410,10921628,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nybas,"This game is great. It's like steampunk Terraria with a more Metroidvania twist to it. You have to be careful with digging early on, though. It's easy to get yourself trapped. The only complaint is that the game isn't long enough. It needs more content, and a better end game."
,Recommended,252410,10897338,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Darkwell,"SteamWorld Dig is a game trimmed of fat, an experience in pure gameplay. It feels like a flash-based browser game or a Starcraft/Warcraft custom game.This isn't a bad thing.Gameplay rules in SteamWorld Dig. Your job is to dig further and further down. As you dig, you find money and trade it to dig better. Thats it. That's the whole game.The digging is made challenging by limiting the reach of your implements and making backwards travel difficult. This is enough to keep your mind occupied with what would otherwise an exercise in ""hold down and press dig for several hours.""As for atmosphere, the characters you meet are colourful, the world and its critters are engaging, and the music is twangy as all get-out. It sells the steampunk-robot-wildwest setting well.All told, SteamWorld Dig is pure gameplay that doesn't get stale over the modest length of the game.Note to achievement hunters: two of SteamWorld Dig's achievements are speed runs. Ew."
,Recommended,252410,10931688,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kermitron,A fairly straightforward digging-based platformer with plenty of upgrades to keep things interesting through the fun story. Only took about five hours to complete on my first run but the mine is different each time which will give it some replay value. Well worth checking out.
,Recommended,252410,11543723,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Jonman[GWJ],"Thoroughly enjoyable romp. A touch of Metroidvania mixed with some reverse-Minecraft, if you will. Charming, slick and engaging."
,Recommended,252410,8697088,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kristhor,"Addicting cave digging rpg, only nag would be that it's too short"
,Recommended,252410,11339043,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,RedToad64,"Very addictive upgrade system and gameplay in StreamWorld Dig! A great ""play only minutes at a time"" type of game. A bit short, but the game is meant to be replayed for high scores. I do wish the levels were randomized."
,Recommended,252410,12043804,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,breadedporkcutlet,"A game that speaks to the robotic/pirate/miner/notascutesamus/nephewwhosunclelefthimaclaiminthewildwest in all of us. There's not really much in the way of story or action overall but I found it relaxing to just dig the heck out of the world to find shiney sparkly treasure @_@b There are monsters to whack, but they are never really too overwhelming.  Beating the game itself is pretty easy but there are some challenging achievements to go after as well if that's more your cup of tea."
,Recommended,252410,14141285,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Travanoid,A fun way to waste an evening. Reminded me of playing Motherlode with slight Metroidvania elements.
,Recommended,252410,13314882,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,arleas,"I've only played this for an hour or so but it was a very entertaining hour.   I actually wound up deciding to start over because I made so many mistakes the first time around, but really I don't think there's much of a reason to do that (other than wanting to be a perfectionist).It reminds me of some old games from the 80's like Boulder Dash, or Spelunker (no, not spelunky).  You sorta platform your way through a mine while creating new paths to go through to get the ore, and you work to upgrade your stuff so you can do more mining more efficiently.Very fun."
,Recommended,252410,11107012,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,eltee,"(9/10)I've loves 'miner' type games since way back in the '@' days.  This is a pretty solid one, with a fun little story, decent progression of both tools and difficulty and solid controls.  The main gate is money, as it should be with miner types, and you will pretty smoothly gain more abilities to get more minerals to get more stuff to get more abilioties etc.The only thing that I would improve is to have some post-game content as the main adventure will only take 3-4 hours to get through.  Either a new game plus mode or some kind of randomized post game mine just for the fun of the mining would greatly add to the replay value.As it stands tho it is a very good little game and well worth the money and time to play it though.  Gamepad is reccomended but not required."
,Recommended,252410,9711647,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Jemi,"While only part way into this game, I don't think I've ever had so much fun with this style of mine and upgrade game before. It's wonderful, casual play with a cute little storyline, wonderful character design and solid animation."
76561198140123842,Recommended,252410,33260836,Posted: 4 July,all,kingsquisher,"This is a spectacular game, if you ever want to just pick it up and play it. You can! It's just kind of an easy going mining game, but for being such a small game it's plenty of fun."
,Recommended,252410,25639820,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Julskott04,"I LOVE  SteamWorld Dig!!! The only bad thing with it was the short gameplay i would like a ""SteamWorld Dig 2"" with a longer story"
,Recommended,252410,10940974,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,StalkerU,"Very fun and enjoyable game. Not the longest, but that's not a bad thing. If you're looking for Super Meat Boy/Spelunky type challenges, this game isn't for you. It's not difficult. It's a Nintendo type of game. That may be off-putting to some, but it's meant as a high compliment."
,Recommended,252410,12113242,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PaDaUy::::,"Put in a blender Terraria, Mr Driller, Metroid and Megaman X, mix them and Steamworld Dig appears. Previously released on the Nintendo 3DS, the PC version enhances the audio-visual features of a game that was already quite remarkable.PROS:- Addictive (The digging and find resources and skills to level up mechanic will keep you playing non-stop until the end of the adventure)- Acquisition of skills that make the adventure more fun as you progress (some of them quite ingenious and useful).- Accurate and very responsive controls (calling out all those titles at the beginning of the review, you couldn't expect less).- Charming characters and enemies design.- The story is simple but engaging (the interest to know the mystery hidden underground is maintained at all times).- If you are an achivement hunter, these would ensure you a second playthrough to get them all.CONS:- No real replayability (It lacks an New Game+ mode or something similar)- The music can get repetitive at times.- No quick save, you must return to the surface to generate a checkpoint-save.If you like Metroid-Vania style games with a twist of western and a disappearing blocks mechanic (through digging) this game will grant you a good 6-12 hours of play (in my case it was 18).Addiction guaranteed.My score: 8/10Note: Played it on GNU / Linux (Ubuntu 14.04 LTS - 32 bits)"
,Recommended,252410,13300963,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Thesoviet747,Great fun experience.Got exactly 0 cancer from this.very nice.
,Recommended,252410,7946195,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,VeTaL,"Perfect example of digging-styled game.Animation, art, gameplay and music are 10/10."
76561198044185831,Recommended,252410,16021129,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Legendary Dad Bod,Still looking for Gaben
76561198010421643,Recommended,252410,13946398,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Vickus,Love this game.  A friend of mine showed me the game and I just had to have my own.  I have played for 6+ hours so far with my family watching and help direct where he should dig.  I am trying to get enough money to buy everything from the 2 vendors that I know of so far.  Looking forward to seeing what trouble and shinies we will find next.
76561197961379601,Recommended,252410,13085561,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Blueonblue,"half way between metroid and terraria, Steamworld Dig is a fun lightherarted digging adventure. The depth of the game increases slightly as it goes on becoming harder and more interesting but for the most part what you see is what you get. Best played in 30m to 2hr blocks.........."
76561197973399543,Recommended,252410,13441116,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Azalraku,"Reccomend? Oh, all day long. If you like adventure platformers, then this is a must-have for your collection.What it is:Minimalistic gameplay that never feels simplistic, boring, or unneccessary.An interesting story told mostly in veiled background imagery.A light-hearted Super Metriod with more destructables.Way too enjoyable.What it isn'tNot Super difficultNot Very long (8-10 hours)Not procedurally generated"
,Recommended,252410,8513635,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MarblesXIII,Its like Dig-Dug + Mega Man + Master Blaster.  The controls are smooth and the twichyness is ratched down to a casual level of difficulty.  This game keeps me wanting to get that next deposit of minerals.
,Recommended,252410,9287979,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,DrAcid,"A nice little platformer/""digger"" game. May get old, but they keep introducing new mechanics to the gameplay, which is good.Levels are quite well designed, with a variety of secrets. Nice art stile, western music. NPC's have a sense of humour!One of the things that bugged me is that whe you get an upgrade for a tool, for example: ""bronze pickaxe"" -> ""gold pickaxe"" -> ""diamond pickaxe"", design of the character does  not change. At leas I haven't noticed.Also, the last boss is somewhat easy. I've expected something more difficult.Overall: an entertaining game, but no replayability. Probably good for controller (but I've finished using a keyboard only). Works well under Linux."
,Recommended,252410,7976355,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SenatorIvy,"This game is addictive. Great art style, fun mechanic. Breaking through the blocks is fun like old Mr. Driller, not tedious like every other damn ""roguelike mining craft rpg elements buzzword here"" game."
,Recommended,252410,10022279,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Envaild,"There are not many games that i pick up and instantly love, but this game is one of them! Its fairly simple as well. You mine stuff, sell that stuff, use the gold to upgrade your gear. The only downside to it is it only took me about 6hrs for my 1st play (and i did take the time to explore quite abit) but other then that a great game."
,Recommended,252410,10994570,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ConTorTion,"I got this game for 2.50 on sale. It was a fantasic purchase. The game took ~7hrs to complete including some AFK time. Not the most challenging game, but I feel like I got my money's worth from it. I enjoyed it as an adult and kids will really like it. Great art, great control. Some light metroid elements. Not too much backtracking, but plenty of upgrades. A little advice. Orbs are precious, don't burn too many on teleports."
,Recommended,252410,14474553,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Trar [99th Calzones],"Metroid meets Dig Dug, with a bit of Minecraft and a great steampunk Western aesthetic tying everything together. It's a great game, except when the digging gets repetitive - and it's a bit on the short side. At least it's gota good soundtrackthat you can buy for cheap, and some of the achievements are truly challenging for those who like that sort of thing."
,Recommended,252410,7975129,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,EvenKeeld,This thing is getting under my skin in a good way. I think the 360 controller isn't as precise as I'd like but it isn't hurting the fun. These guys need to do a Metroid game.
,Recommended,252410,11838276,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,KnightQC,"Really good game, not too hard, not too easy. Very fun to play, but not a lot of replay value except achievements.7/10"
76561198096079278,Recommended,252410,10035087,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,FriendFive,"This game is a real gem. I love the cartoony, whimsical graphics with the steampunk, Old West robots in a post-apocalyptic world theme. The atmospheric soundtrack really compliments the visual design. Being a 2-D platform game about mining, this game feels a little like Dig Dug or Lode Runner, but with upgrades. The game progresses well, and it is satisfying to use the money from the ores you excavate to upgrade your robot's tools and abilities. All of this will aid you as you dig deeper, facing newer challenges, and discovering that there's a lot more going on beneath the surface than you originally thought."
,Recommended,252410,33712321,Posted: 21 July,all,jigsaw1080,"I'm not even done but I HAVE to write this review now!  This game reminds me of a cross between Shovel Knight and Dig Dug... and then some.  This game is incredibly satisfying to play and the exploration aspect is what makes it for me!  It starts out with a pretty basic storyline and there are one or two objectives early on but for the most part you're really on your own and left to explore an entire underground world while you gather valuable minerals and sell them to upgrade your equipment.  The enemies can be a bit annoying but my biggest complaint is about the horrible walljump mechanics.  That being said, this game is absolutely brilliant in giving the player a sense of exploratory freedom there are even a few mildly challenging puzzles here and there.  I'm pretty sure I'm close to the end of the game, but it feels like it could go on forever and I honestly wish it did.   I'm in love with this game and even though I haven't finished it yet, I cannot wait for the sequel to come out at the end of this year!"
,Recommended,252410,33480390,Posted: 12 July,all,MusicalSoul,"I am utterly addicted to this game. I find the controls intuitive and the gameplay fun and replayable. The writing is clever, I love the graphics, and the sound design is spot on. Immensely satisfying to play."
76561198079332385,Recommended,252410,33561717,Posted: 15 July,all,000ptimus,"Clean and tight platformer. Silly story and repetitive music. Simple, yet enjoyable, gameplay. Beware of fall damage..."
,Recommended,252410,13303856,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Yet to complete the game, but I believe I have an idea of the ending just up to where I played until. Completed. General impression is pretty good. Don't know why, but I liked how you could plan the dig (awfully simple) on your way down.PROS1. More story as you dig deeperI won't spoil this for you as I can only tell you that there is more stuff to get and play with as you dig deeper2. Digging plansYou actually have to plan how you dig downwards as certain areas can regrow back. Of course, it can be solved with an infinite amount of cheap ladders. You also want areas that have water (mana) to use items such as the drill, steam punch and steam jump.3. TeleportersI like how you can set your save point wherever you want. I tend to put mine near the water points as you don't have water recharges close by.CONS1. LinearJust dig down. It's so simple.2. PickaxeOh god... It is so tedious to dig with your pickaxe when you run out of water for the drill.3. No tutorialSo you have to guess what the keys are or press Esc. Really ridiculous.4. LampsI think there should be a use for them but I've never really needed them.5. NPCsVery boring. Only 5 robots? And every additional one is just a shop? You might as well put them all in one. None of them are special.6. EnemiesWorm and robotic worm? Most of them are unique in their abilitiy but you tend to see a lot of them and you kill them all the same way... Just smack them hard...SUGGESTIONI think there's a Japanese digger game that's similar to this. Perhaps, some competitive multiplayer might make this game even more valuable? E.g. Race to the bottom maps?"
,Recommended,252410,12921463,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Disconformist,Worthy of a binge playthrough. Perfect controls via xbox360 controller. Motherlode meets megamanslyvania.
,Recommended,252410,12945891,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dracasis,"Simple little game, worth $2.50 as an amusing time waster.Wouldnt spend much more on it, game is basically entirely dig down, return to town to sell and upgrade and thats it."
,Recommended,252410,10972566,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sandcloak,"Just finished playing this game. It kept me entertained for four and a half hours. It's a basic yet enjoyable little platformer. Three areasand a boss fight at the endwill be fun, but not challenging. This is not Spelunky and it doesn't want to be. The biggest pros are the art style and the price, which for me was 2 euros. It's not worth more than that. No co-op and no replay value are the biggest cons.If it's on sale at 80% off I'd recommend it to anyone. It's not worth it at full price."
,Recommended,252410,8037554,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,switch friend codes?,I LOVE this game no matter how much I play this game is still cant get enough of it It like teraria mixed with rpg elemts in it.the one thing I wish this game had would be mulitplay maybe it does for the 3ds but on pc I just felt like I wanted a second person to play with me on it
,Recommended,252410,26275352,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rapture,Pretty fun platformer/miner. Controls are a bit wonky and can lose interest fairly quicklyPick it up when it's on sale
,Recommended,252410,8454506,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SH4DOW,Pros:Very fun and addictive.:Lots of upgrades.:Great time waster.Cons:Not many enemies types.:Needs more enviroments.7/10
,Recommended,252410,20953506,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trickyni,Minecraft: craftless edition!
,Recommended,252410,10875909,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Riggy;,"Dig Dug meets Minecraft? Awesome. Art style is beautiful, controls are tight, music is great. Only negative thing I can say about it, is that it's over in 3 hours, if you take your time."
,Recommended,252410,8022764,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Robot Hobo,"This game isn't terribly long, but it's very addictive. It's basically a mash-up of the games Mr. Driller and Super Metroid, with a sprinkling of Dig-Dug. All set in an old-west world populated by steampunk robots. This is one of those rare games where I started to play it a bit, then suddenly noticed that most of the day had gone by and I was fighting the end boss. Very pretty and polished, and plays very well."
76561198009922047,Recommended,252410,10885577,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Snakebird [LOMS],"Just finished this game in two days, I found it incredibly addictive, the atmosphere worked well and the difficulty could be fairly tough at times, especially getting some of the achievements. While dying isn't really *that* much of a penalty, it will happen a lot. It is a short game designed to have fairly simple gameplay, not really a criticism, that's just the intended style of game. It helps that I enjoy most mining-related games and stories with robots in them. I liked being able to customise my character by selling ore but would rather have been able to craft items myself, and for different ores to make different items."
,Recommended,252410,8048202,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,HadBabits,"Steamworld Dig is one of those games that you enjoy for a couple days, and then move onto something else without much of a thought. It's a western, steampunk dig-em-up. Meaning you are part cowboy and part robot and you're going to dig. Dig dig dig. So you can get ore to get money to get upgrades that make it easier to, you guessed it, DIG.Luckily, it's not too tedious as you have to manage your resources, fight enemies, and watch your tunnels to make sure you've got a way out. That third aspect is diminished somewhat by the end of the game when you unlock powerups that make it unnecessary to plan things out, but it does give a sense of progression.It's also broken up with platforming challenges... well platforming exercises. Nothing in this game is terribly challenging. Even death just means a loss of money and going back down to your death bed to pick up your items. However, it's fun enough to be worth playing and short enough not to drag on. I'd reccomend."
,Recommended,252410,22428329,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Niehlis,"Just picked this up and I gotta say. It's like a better modern Dig-Dug.The artwork is beautiful, and the animations are so fluid. And I don't know why but the sound track is amazing.The game plays super fun. However I will say it's a little annoying not being able to fully customize the controls. But it's easy to get used to them.The story's intresting. Like the steam miner who could. =D."
76561198171331494,Recommended,252410,35459923,Posted: 3 October,all,Axeloy,"SteamWorld Dig, I feel, did a lot of things right. Progression was on point for me, combat started off monotonous, but got fairly interesting later on, and the world itself was intriguing and fun to explore, admittedly after unlocking most tools/equipment, which I adored. My only downsides were that your teleporters didn't have a menu to choose which one you travelled to, and that there wasn't anywhere to store your extra cash while you save for a big upgrade. The game was shorter than I initially expected, but it was still an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,252410,10830182,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[CROSSFIRE HURRICANE],"This game is one of the best-hidden gems in all of the community. If you like Minecraft, Metroid, Castlevania, Spluenky, or Half-Life 3 comfirmation easter eggs, then this is the best ten dollars you'll spend on a Steampunk-style dystopian western mining town setting game.."
,Recommended,252410,9210452,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,?JIMMY?,"This game felt like a more comfy version of Spelunky. It doesn't have permadeath or randomized levels each time you start, but it's all about mining, the difficulty only comes with the very last few enemytypes, so its a good game to just relax and do some diggin'. It does have ""metroidvanian"" elements, you'll constantly upgrade your robot dude and with that you'll be able to dig up pathways you may had to pass on your first visit. In that it definitely has some replayability. I still wish it would have been a bit longer. Playing through it and getting a relatively good score took me about 3 hours, the last area/bossroom came a bit abrupt, which is a bummer because the world and its characters are pretty funny and interesting. Still, for a low price, this is a good pickup!"
76561197994679910,Recommended,252410,8192063,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,zholobov,"SummaryRather enjoyable metroidvania digger. Well worth the money, well worth the time. Optional logical+action challenges for completists. End boss istedious (as usual). Recommended for platformer/metroidvania semi-casual fans.DetailsIn tradition of digging games likeMotherload(and in same broad genre likeGleanorMustached drillerand the like), you dig down from your town, periodically returning to it to sell found minerals and upgrade yourself. On your journey down you'll encounter new environments with new enemies and obstacles. The main world contains entrances to separate small levels (like ""instances"" in MMO) - some of them required by plot and giving you new abilities, some are just optional puzzles to test your brain and nimble fingers.In best tradition of metroidvania games you are forced to return to previously explored areas and instances to uncover more. For those struck by OCD (Obsessive Completion Disorder) - game is balanced to allow you to collect every mineral and kill every monster there is in the game - given you don't screw up royally. New skills and new enemies are placed evenly on your path to the endgame - there are no tedious or boring streaks except forthe final boss.Graphically game is excelent in its cartoonish style. Technically it's also very stable, responsive and polished overall. Although I usually turn off ingame music, here I played it through without turning music off. Sound FX design is also very good.Overall, it's a nice little digger with great polish to justify it being paid."
,Recommended,252410,7959493,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Buster Gonad,"A great game, I just wish it lasted longer. More please!"
76561197995919399,Recommended,252410,7959931,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Arcade,"Great indie game, for some quick time-killing. Not recommended for hours after hours of gaming i'd say, but to sqeeze out 30-60 mins per run it's a great game! Finished in a bit over 6 hrs, replay value high, although not right after finishing (unless you love to just start over & do it all again). I'd say i'll play it again in a few weeks.Definatily worth its 7 euro's i bought it for!8/10"
76561198001529165,Recommended,252410,13032889,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Xeldrac,"Great, short little game. Jump in and out for a 10 minute burst of fun. Hope they add more content & worlds!"
76561197998344275,Recommended,252410,22442356,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,GittyRivers,Very addictive and fun once you get the hang of it. I am using xbox controler working well you just have to learn the actions. Pretty cool game well worth the five bucks. The music is good too.  Get it have some fun.
76561198328690039,Recommended,252410,32232293,Posted: 6 June,all,ferhat,"I thought I would never get addicted to a pc game again, but here I am. Brings back memories of playing Spelunky too."
76561197965205931,Recommended,252410,7932444,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,digidomo,"Motherload on robotic steroids. It's got puzzles, its got quests, its got upgrades. What more could you want!"
,Recommended,252410,10992814,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,raixel,"SteamWorld Dig is a really clever and unique 2d platformer. Sort of a Minecraft meets Metroidvania. With steampunk robots in a Wild West setting. I don't remember why I grabbed this one. But I'm really glad I did.You play as a robot who's uncle has sent for you to come to his mine in the town he lives in. When you get there, you fall into a hole and meet a girl-robot in the mine who shows you to your uncle's dead (deactivated?) corpse (or junk pile, not sure if robots have a corpse). Well now, you own the mine and your uncles mining pick. Welcome to Steamworld, population of 3.So the basic thing is, you have a pick. You go down into the mine and mine around, looking for ore to take back to the surface and sell. Every x dollars worth of ore you bring up, you get the option to buy an upgrade from the nearby shop. There are many different types of ore you bring up, all worth differing amounts. There are also various enemies, trapped in the rock or running in tiny caverns. You can stay in the mine as long as you want, but you do have a light that slowly runs out, causing the illumination to get dimmer and dimmer until it evertually is gone. When this happens, you can barely see and definately cant see the ore you are looking for. Upgrades are things like stronger picks, longer light, stronger armor, more inventory slots and so on. There are also ladders and lamps, which can be purchased for cheap and placed in the mine but not picked up again, once they're there, they're there.  You can carry up to 4 lamps and 5 ladders, (in the beginning anyway), but wasting them sucks even though they are cheap.There is also a little story, and various caves ""your uncle hid stuff in"". The caves have cool power ups, things like an extra high ""steam jump"", the ability to sprint and other permanent power ups. Just like Metroidvania style games, getting these power ups allows you to access areas that were blocked to you before.The graphics are cute and slightly cartoony, but very well done. Each character (besides you) has a portrait when you talk to them, and all sprites and images are rendered well in vibrant color.The music is Western sounding and fits the scenery well. Other sounds are typical as expected for mining in a steampunk world inhabited by robots (pings, clanks, stones falling, steam hissing) but all are appropriate and not intrusive. One important sound is the popping noise an enemy imprisoned in the rock makes as it tries to break out. Killing these enemies while still imprisoned is important, as they can be killed in one hit, but if they break free (by having open space near them, they become harder to kill and harm you if you hit them).The controls arent quite as perfect as some platformers Ive played (Dust and Thomas Walks Alone come to mind as two platformers with near perfect controls) but they arent terrible. You wont be missing jumps due to poor controls and getting frustrated, but neither they arent that perfect almagam that makes the character feel like an extention of the controller.You can't mine while jumping or wall jumping- a way to go up a shaft by bouncing along the walls). Also you cant mine (at least at the point I'm at, dont know if an upgrade changes that) other than the block directly above you without a ladder. So if you want something above you and dont want to waste ladders, you must go all the way back up and mine from on top of it to get it. Thats kind of annoying in my mind.Also, if you accidentally drop a ladder in a one-square high tunnel, you cant mine directly above or below it while standing on the same sqaure as the ladder. That is REALLY annoying, and something I think the devs should fix.Overall, this game is quite fun as you mine deeper and deeper in search of treasure, creating strange tunnels nad paths as you go. It does have a self-destruct feature in case you pin yourself due to falling rocks or bad judgement, but pinning yourself is not a common occurance. Death takes half your money, which seems kind of steep as the minerals do not appear to regenerate at all. But dying is rather rare, as easy to kill trapped enemies which drop recovery items are abundant."
76561198212667045,Recommended,252410,24569649,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Inspector,"The brief the essence of the game:More digging, more deeper into the mine, take more valuable rocks and minerals, get more money for upgrades to down even deeper into the mine. Get to the bottom, buy everything in the store,beat the big scarecrow robot. That's all folks.Good game for a few evenings.It's very interesting to explore the mine in the first time.I completed the game fully with pleasure, thanks to developers for the game."
,Recommended,252410,10848555,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mabec,Its like Spelunky for kids
,Recommended,252410,30530459,Posted: 15 March,all,Mal'Zael,"aside from complaining that this game is too short? I'm proud of myself playing this masterpiece once in a lifetime. Guys, if Negative reviews or people complain thatt the game is too short? dig yourself in because you won't regret this one."
,Recommended,252410,8990997,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,PET,"An amazing & fun game! It's not to long, only around 5 hours but the experience has been amazing.I really miss this kind of classic 2D Platforms. Basically you dig ... and you get some minerals that you sell in order to upgrade your pickaxe and other stuff. Then you dig some more and ... find amazing and weird stuff!My full video review can be found here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1F4Ey5TdqY"
76561198008160273,Not Recommended,252410,8800652,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,immunizer,"Overly simplistic gameplay with limited exploration.  Dig down, collect ore, sell ore, buy upgrades, dig some more.  By the end of the game you will have all of the upgrades and no difficulty facing the boss.  I ran through what I take to be the complete game in 6 hours with no interest in doing it again.  I guess I'm spoiled by all the other great games out there, but I expect more than one hour of entertainment per dollar spent.  SteamWorld Dig doesn't provide that return.  Skip this and buy Terraria or Minecraft or something else entirely."
,Recommended,252410,10849461,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ilnor,Worth every pennyRemember that flash game called Motherload ?It's like that but it doesn't lag and it's just as fun
76561198059457614,Recommended,252410,7956313,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,dereliKct,A really nice game.
,Recommended,252410,10847336,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Talkanor,fun
,Recommended,252410,10855720,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nogueira,"INDIE GAME muito maneiro,musicas estilo Bastion,ideia do jogo muito bacana,estilo terraria,single player.Paguei R$5.99 acho que R$19.99 e muito no preco original,mais se entra em promocao vale cada centavo."
,Recommended,252410,8424375,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nand,Short but quite fun if you're craving for a motherload-esque mining game.
,Recommended,252410,8213371,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Puff Daddy,Great game
,Recommended,252410,13314493,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,YotOver,"Amazing Game, with soo good graphics for 2D game ;) Buy! and Play! :)"
,Recommended,252410,8121202,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Grubbnuts,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,252410,8939172,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,CollisionSD,"This is game is very well done. I cant stop digging! I keep wanting to get more ores, better upgrades, and find new awesome caves! Overall, money well spent. I would recommend to anyone."
76561198084836971,Recommended,252410,9180580,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Zatanna,"SteamWorld Dig has a creative gameplay,:')!!!!The game is short (took around 2hours and 45 mins to play) enough to make its' content wonderful,:D...The images are great and beautifully done!I'd rate it 4/5."
,Recommended,252410,9207011,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Madame Écureuil,"This game is a platform mining adventure with Metroidvania elements. One might compare it to Terraria where you can dig the ground for mineral ores, but unlike Terraria, the ores cannot be used to build things, instead they are sold for upgrades used to facilitate the players' trek deep into the mines. As you dig deeper, you'll find dungeons that give you extra powers, or extra ores or both that helps you explore the mines even further. You'll also discover caves, and larger structures as you dig. This emphasis on mining for valuable ores and underground exploration, coupled with the ability to place torches, ladders and explosives, as well as the random generation of mines every time you start a new game puts it closer to Spelunky than anything else. However, unlike Spelunky, you don't have to worry about losing your pick axe or dying too much, since you can simply be reassembled for half your money, and you can easily pick your ores back up again.This game has a lot of things going for it. Just the setting alone capured my interest. You play as Rusty, a steampunk robot in a Western style setting who had just inherited the mines from his now-deceased uncle. Your task then, is to take up his mantle and explore the mines yourself and find out what he was up to before he bought the farm. The game world features beautiful sprite work and a charmingly cute art style that is very reminiscent of modern 2-D sprite platform games. The gameplay is also pretty cathartic and relaxing with how easy it is to get into and how unstressful it is. The idea of carving your own underground world is also pretty attractive. The porting job done from the 3DS to Steamworks is also pretty nice as it works really nicely with an XBox 360 or simillar controller out of the box and there are no stretching or forced aspect ratio involved. It actually looks very crisp and clean with no artifacts of resizing to be found.However, there may be some things that could put off potential buyers from picking this game up. For one, the game is really short, lasting 5 hours on average or 7 if you're thorough like me. The combat can be pretty awkward due to the randomly generated nature of the mines placing some enemies in awkward places to fight, and as far as boss fights go, there is just the one toward the end. Some people might also be disappointed by the lack of challenge often associated with a game with Metroidvania elements.All the same, I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun single-player casual mining platformer adventure to pass the time. The randomly-generated nature of the mines means that there is quite a lot of replay value to be had with this game. For just 10 Dollars, you can definitely do much worse than pick this game up."
76561198080997446,Recommended,252410,10899028,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TIG | Michael,yeah she's alright
,Recommended,252410,13716110,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,♥♢♤♧Meow Reborn☆,"You digging, sold orb, got money, upgrade status, keep digging again and again.Do you feel like to digging and press A quite a lot ? I do I like it 10/10"
76561198054504145,Recommended,252410,7987322,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,K4piTän GrL,I LIKE THIS GAME!!!! xD
,Recommended,252410,7954971,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,JayCXV,"Great graphics, great gameplay, massivly addictive 10/10"
,Recommended,252410,9145691,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Moncole,Says when HL3 releases 11/10
,Recommended,252410,8253897,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,"(✧ ͠°෴ ͠°) GUESS AGAIN, NERD","A fun little diggy game =] It's similar to a few mobile-mining games, where your goal is just to dig deeper and deeper and collect money and upgrades and dig and dig and it's a great game.It is short, but the game does a great job of breadcrumbing gameplay features/abilities to keep it fresh. Definitely worth a few hours of fun, at the least!"
,Recommended,252410,32527182,Posted: 17 June,all,afl300,"This is a really good game, which makes you want to explore a lot which is good as this is an exploration game and that it is full of characters and that you can upgrade it a lot."
,Recommended,252410,13347849,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Beautiful Chocolate Man,"Got this on sale. WARNING: this game is f***ing addictive, too bad its too short. 4 out of 5"
,Recommended,252410,13790962,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,水,I got diamonds 10/10
,Recommended,252410,8012929,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,V.Fogel,"Oh this is such a beautiful game, i dig last night and it is kinda challenge, i want to get all achievementsAnd I've got a bonus card pack after i forge a badge"
,Recommended,252410,8023965,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"It's not a long game, but what it lacks in length it more than makes up for in solid, focused gameplay. Really enjoyable blend of metroidvania and terraria gameplay. I'll go back for seconds for sure!"
,Recommended,252410,8612148,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Selth Blackwings,"A great exploration game. It's not too short, but not too long, the right lengh I suppose.I kinda wanted it to be a bit harder for the bosses on the 3ds. but this version is very interesting and well, the game is worth buying I believe. It'll give you the experience a good game should give you, which is to distract and entertain you.A great game. not too complex, but not easy - well balanced? not really it's a bit too easy to my liking while not being *that* easy either. play it, make your informed opinon - it's worth your money."
76561198008668229,Recommended,252410,32178036,Posted: 4 June,all,Zigmunds,"A cool little game, shame its so short."
76561198053654973,Recommended,252410,13583345,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,auto,"Remind me of miner dig deep, so it's good"
,Recommended,252410,10955727,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fex,"Awesome little game, with somewhat roguelike feel to it.Super polished, great controls with gamepad at least.It's short (4 hours or so), but I really enjoyed those.In comparison, I uninstalled eg. Watch Dogs in act2 as it turned boring and presented no new game mechanics."
76561198001192150,Not Recommended,252410,11439233,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,rpvarela,"SteamWorld Dig is as the name implies, a game about digging... and that's pretty much all there is to it.The game is incredibly short (I've beaten it in about 5 hours, including bonus levels that are spread around), and between the extremely repetitive, dumb enemies and the incredibly simple mechanics, there is almost no challenge involved, with the exception of thefinal boss, which can be mildly challenging.There is little consequence for failure: die and you will be revived. Your lost loot will stay there so you can pick it back up and keep going. Healing and refilling yourwater tankwhich you acquire fairly early in the game are both very easy to do.Speaking of the loot though, all you can find is different types of ore (which are only used for money) and special orbs with are used in more expensive purchases that improve your character: You can dig faster, have more health and so on. There are upgrades spreaded around here and there that WILL change your character, such as asteam-powered jumpor adrill, but ultimately, even they do little to improve the game's overly simple mechanics.The soundtrack while good enough, isn't very diverse and can get boring pretty quickly. The only good thing I can say about it is: The game's pretty, it has a nice aesthetic to it... but that's not enough for me to recommend it, unfortunately.It probably has some value as a ""My first platformer"" for those who never played the genre and are hoping for an easy, unchallenging experience or if it is on some very generous (75%+) sale, but otherwise I'd say skip it.There are other platformers out there such as Spelunky, Guacamelee or Battleblock Theater that can offer you a more enjoyable experience, in my opinion."
,Recommended,252410,31258242,Posted: 20 April,all,November,A simple yet fun platformer that won't break your bank.Expect to get roughly 4-6 hours of playtime to beat the game and another 2-3 hours if you're trying to get all achievements.
,Recommended,252410,12884099,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mitthrawn,PLAY THIS GAME. IT IS SO GOOD!
,Recommended,252410,7931431,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Marcelloz071,"SteamWorld DigRating: 8 / 10Game is lot of fun to play. You dig your way down to discover why you were summoned. Very appealing look, plays smoothly, lots of variety and nice mechanics. Caves are procedurally generated. Just buy it and play!"
,Recommended,252410,9989154,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,g33k5t4,Awesome twist on the platformer genre. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,252410,22367960,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,pitbot,it's ooooooo tt tt rkay
,Recommended,252410,29719153,Posted: 5 February,all,SajBear,Very fun. I like it!
,Recommended,252410,8101157,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Timkinut,A perfect mining platformer. So much things to discover and good-looking cartoon graphics. This game worth it's price!
,Recommended,252410,10858133,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,WaqLaBaqLaq :)™,Biff Beacon MVP is all i have to say!!
,Recommended,252410,25343168,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Midori,"Nice game, had fun.But was quite happy when I was through, because it got pretty repetetive quite quick.And it was actually quite short.But for the price it's OK, I think"
,Recommended,252410,31440256,Posted: 29 April,all,Moronic Idiot,"This tickles my motherload love more than spelunky, a great mining game that doesn't last too long."
76561197968956752,Recommended,252410,10402127,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,✔ Good graphics and lighting effects✔ Compelling game mechanics✔ DRM-free version exists.✔ Linux support!✘ Could have used more replayability (level editor? user generated content?)
,Recommended,252410,10641388,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Deceased Crab,"This game is fantastic. Everything Super Motherload did wrong (which is more or less everything) this game did right. The pacing is great, the increase in game mechanics is nice and steady, there's always interesting new areas or obstacles to deal with as the game progresses. There's a real sense of accomplishment as you gradually upgrade your character and begin digging in ways that would certainly have trapped or killed you earlier. The plot is great, the characters are neat, and I encourage people to play this."
,Recommended,252410,27980974,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aïda Tinúviel,"GREAT GAME! The developers must have played ""PP Hammer"" at some point in their lives!"
,Recommended,252410,34899334,Posted: 12 September,all,borvid,Steamworld Dig It.
76561198028651970,Recommended,252410,25632020,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,comrad_gremlin,"Very enjoyable game if you like digging / resource aquisition games. The controls are very responsive, the atmosphere is great and overall the process is very enjoyable.8.99 might be a bit too much (it's short), but definitely grab it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,252410,13082309,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,benjiMeister,"Was lulled to a deep sleep by the rhythmic sound of my pickaxe hitting rock.Pros:Nice art styleNice sounding soundtrack (until you've heard the same bloody theme about 10 times since its the only one when youre underground)Cons:As you can guess by my opening line; tediously boring. Over an hour in and I still haven't been the slightest bit interest.Lack of combat (only walking into enemies and dying) hurts this game in my opinion.Tunnelling down to new missions takes a nightmarishly long amount of time; its what convinced me to pack the game in.Summary: Looks nice at first glance with its art style, but is just so boring to play. If there is anything interesting in the game, it comes too late to be worth it."
,Not Recommended,252410,25675122,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Gerex,"Extremelly simplistic, easy, and short. Upgrades are super linear and boring, and managing your health, light and 'mana' is trivial since you'll be swimming in it. Monsters are non-threatening and the enviromental dangers are a joke. Honestly, I've played better and more in depth digging games on Miniclip 10 years ago.I suppose this game is okay if you're bringing it along for travel or giving it to a young child."
,Recommended,252410,7931560,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Deathkraiser,"Not a bad little game.You dig down into the ground to find ores, while trying to dodge/kill the various monsters underground. Then you return to the surface to sell the ore and buy upgrades so you can go do it again.Very nice art style.One problem I have with it is the fact you can't reconfigure the controls, they are set in stone."
76561198054077584,Recommended,252410,8722286,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Nawperman,very good game very fun had a geat time playing
,Recommended,252410,8004381,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,DanielL,Really addictive
,Recommended,252410,16496369,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tom,I gif dis gaem 8/10 marijuanas.Itz pretty gud.
,Recommended,252410,10149867,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Apoc,"It's a pretty fun game, a mix between adventure, platforming and puzzles. The graphics are nice, the controls are fluid and the few characters are original and interesting. The game is pretty easy and the story simple but it is still enjoyable. A full playthrough took me about 5 hours but it could be done in half that."
,Recommended,252410,7956324,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Kritzie,"SteamWorld Dig: A Fistful Of Dirt is an extremely addictive and fun game, animations are awesome, well drawn, mining is fun, lots of puzzles to solve and a bunch of upgrades and gear to collect.Definitely worth the money10/10"
,Recommended,252410,8568649,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ShawnMcCool,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit and played it enough to beat in the first 3-4 days. Polished platforming is always welcome, especially on Linux."
76561198027948597,Not Recommended,252410,24291459,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Valflond,"Rrepetetive, linear, cheap."
,Recommended,252410,12637520,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,❆Frozelar,"SteamWorld is fun, but I'm not convinced it has enough substance to keep the player hooked.  It didn't for me, at least.  It's pretty and put together well and everything, it just doesn't have enough material in it.  In my opinion.I would recommend it, but only if you really like the genre.  Otherwise, well... I can't say I do."
,Recommended,252410,7957014,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Skra11e,Konge spill! 6/6
76561198072215871,Recommended,252410,14240384,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,xDave1308,*Starts game**Gets bored**Goes up and buys some upgrades**Goes back for a while to try the new pickaxe and unlocks first skill**Oh god this game is so cool I gotta keep digging*10/10 Would dig again.
,Recommended,252410,33940201,Posted: 31 July,all,heerpdeerp,epic game....
,Recommended,252410,9261594,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,genoforprez,"Core loop:Go underground.Dig through rocks/dirt.Pick up ores that fall out.Kill/avoid monsters.When backpack is full, teleport back to surface.Sell ore for money.Immediately spend all money on equipment upgrades.Go back underground.Repeat 30 or 40 more times.End game.It's not a complex game, but it's fun and has enough going for it to keep you chugging along. A fair number of secrets to uncover. Also the underground caves that shift the gameplay focus away from digging and briefly toward segments of platforming/combat/problem-solving go a long way toward staving off mining fatigue.Short. Simple. But good. Definitely worth buying if it's currently discounted."
76561197970242268,Not Recommended,252410,9983571,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Tobrendi,"I really didn't know whether to give this game a thumbs up or thumbs down. It's pretty fun while it lasts, and it has beautiful art and music, but it only lasts 4 hours and it probably would only be 3 if the digging was reasonably fast instead of being (slightly) irritatingly slow. As it is, this would be an excellent flash game but isn't worth spending much on."
,Recommended,252410,25593963,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Radical,"Great little game, I could hardly put it down until finished."
76561198022418529,Recommended,252410,22365044,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,paynetcu,
76561198015671532,Recommended,252410,8708393,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dillinger.exe,"Quick to pick up, good for a few hours, you can't beat the price and the light hearted content."
76561197991697923,Recommended,252410,8712938,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,michaeljcrandall,A great Game! Just wish it was longer. Can't wait for a sequel!
,Recommended,252410,8726600,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,█   █▀█ █▀█▀█,awesome game to play on the microsoft surface pro 2 with a controller
,Recommended,252410,8733095,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,impure,"There's something to be said about a game about perpetual mastery. It's basically like motherload except a lot more depth. I would have liked things to be more clear. Like upgrade paths and tutorials, but fun little game. Played it all lecture today."
,Recommended,252410,7988584,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,OG Worm,This is an amazing game. Highly recommend it.
76561197969430711,Recommended,252410,7988878,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,MadCarlos,Dig_Dug++;
76561198089980282,Recommended,252410,8030293,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Viva peron,JUEGAZO!!!!
76561198008175090,Recommended,252410,8100706,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,L-D,This game is like 360 no scoping in RL. ♥♥♥♥ing boner inducing.
,Recommended,252410,8109247,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FreeCell,great
,Recommended,252410,8119133,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,SenorCarrot,fun game
76561198021876559,Recommended,252410,8132099,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bearman,Really fun!
,Recommended,252410,8136875,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Arrowofchaos,Super great guys
76561198041957166,Recommended,252410,8375266,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ExonTwo,Really cool and kinda adictive.
76561197978893982,Recommended,252410,7944835,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,alenka0001,Quite good digging game.
,Recommended,252410,7946155,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,cache (said wrong),pretty good
,Recommended,252410,7946380,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,RaBalder,Buy this amazing game for hours of awesome singleplayer fun! its really beyond words how awesome this game is
,Recommended,252410,7947298,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DivideBy0,"phe·nom·e·nalfəˈnämənəladjective1.very remarkable; extraordinary.""the town expanded at a phenomenal rate""synonyms: remarkable, exceptional, extraordinary, amazing, astonishing, astounding, sensational, stunning, incredible, unbelievable."
76561198014176642,Recommended,252410,7948147,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Brazuka,Great game. Fun and visually pleasing.
76561197994889546,Recommended,252410,7967331,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,krogoth,Good but the same as any other dig game.
76561197970493721,Recommended,252410,7973761,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DJBully,Get this game!!! A wonderful interactive experience!
,Recommended,252410,7975197,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Gotham's Reckoning,very entertaining
,Recommended,252410,7999522,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kbzw,Fun!
,Recommended,252410,8320356,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,cheese friendo,♥♥♥♥ me and ♥♥♥♥ this and ♥♥♥♥ off
,Recommended,252410,8558503,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SirPrefect,Very fun casual game!
76561198028704280,Recommended,252410,8443143,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sir Gamer,It's like dig dug if dig dug featured robots and was interesting to this generation of gamers.9/10
76561198012956186,Recommended,252410,7936275,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,khazrak,"Grymt roligt spel, kan spela 5 minuter eller 5 timmar :)Klassiskt grind, med nya upgrades som gör allt intressant"
76561197970548615,Recommended,252410,8956202,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Kealran,"Great Metroidvania game. A little short (2-4 hours) depending on your completion level. Great level concept (dig down) get treasure and buy upgrades, find upgrades. It's only downfall is that it is too short. Would love for it to get expansions, or mods, etc. World needs more GOOD metroidvania games :)"
,Recommended,252410,8957513,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Spacew00t,"I really enjoyed this game! It's in the same genre as Motherload and Dig It, but expands upon it with an interesting story. So if you liked those games, get SteamWorld Dig! In addition, there are fun puzzles and upgrades, making it feel like you're really progressing through the game.That said, I wish it was a big longer, I completed it in about 6 hours. I also wish the story was more developed, though I went into the game not expecting any story at all, so good on them for making digging holes more than just... well, digging holes!"
,Recommended,252410,8344849,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Skäre'da,"This game is great, it's not entirely like Terraria. It's more simple, fight creatures, mine stuff, upgrades. However, there is only three areas which kind of dissappoints me, but it was probably to decrease file size from it's original release on the 3DS.Overall, it's worth the money."
76561198141948865,Recommended,252410,10841490,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zoo Wee Mama,this game has a metroid style gameplay aspect. very fun
,Recommended,252410,16746241,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CHanty,Great puzzle/explore game.Tiny campain.10/10.
,Recommended,252410,30641069,Posted: 20 March,all,The International Jew,Got the game today.Finished the game today.9/11- not enough playtime
76561198156508646,Recommended,252410,13044080,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Luz59_,Actually not a bad game. Fun puzzles and its really fun to dig. If this game goes on sale you should buy it!
76561198285243982,Recommended,252410,31026590,Posted: 8 April,all,Wojciech Witowski,Great atmosphere and addicting gameplay.
76561198108762252,Recommended,252410,32446908,Posted: 15 June,all,JayJayD,Kinda fun
76561198045386459,Not Recommended,252410,12947064,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ghost of Human Kindness,"It's like Spelunky, but with saving.And probably less play time.I played a few hours and beat it. It was decently fun, but essentially just repeating the same thing over and over again. Dig down, get upgrade, go to surface, dig farther, need more upgrades, etc.Not a bad game, but too short. No difficulty settings or new game+.However, it was decently fun and is very well polished. Just needed to be about 5x longer."
76561197975711171,Not Recommended,252410,12964054,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Triangle Man,"Looks pretty, but seems a very forumulaic rpg-style grind - not much challenge, just a matter of persistence. Mine, sell, upgrade, mine, sell, upgrade, mine...It felt like a time filler, not a challenging or rewarding game."
,Recommended,252410,12891569,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Damageplan,Fun Game! \w/
76561198082211110,Recommended,252410,8491392,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Trap |,Great Game!  <3
,Recommended,252410,10909398,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Walt,fun but to short ;-; I beat it in 5 hours
,Recommended,252410,13300784,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Fry The Brain,"I never played metroid, so I don't understand what the term ""metroidvania"" means. Perhaps it is a combined term, referencing Metroid, and Castlevania, however, one cannot be too sure.Anyways, the only game I can relate SteamWorld Dig to would be Spelunky, except, you're not constantly dying to bats, snakes, and ghosts...I really enjoy SteamWorld Dig, it's relaxing, I love the cowboy western theme, and I really enjoy the main menu music.SteamWorld Dig, A Fistful of Dirt, is one of those games you just have to play, in order to truly appreciate it."
,Recommended,252410,10851821,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,provoko,The best mining game since Miner Dig Deep.
76561198042150715,Recommended,252410,12907364,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kroznick,Dug up. Hit a rock. Rock landed on me. Died.
,Not Recommended,252410,13314656,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,pissandink,"I'M PRETTY SURE THIS GAME WOULD BE REALLY FUN IF YOU COULD CHANGE THE CONTROLS/KEY BINDINGS, HOWEVER AS IT IS, AND HOW TRICKY SOMT OF THE MOVES ARE, IT'S ALMOST UNPLAYABLE"
76561198104902824,Recommended,252410,10868372,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Krapfenman,Great Game a Must have for every gamer
,Recommended,252410,13668189,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ToOkieMoNstZA,Great little game ;)
,Recommended,252410,13618541,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DeathToll_David,Very fun game. A good deal for the price.
,Recommended,252410,13654660,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lianne,"Fun little game and very polished. It's not an incredibly long game, so pick it up on sale. After completing the game there are some definite issues that will either please hardcore gamers or seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥people off.Good:Style is pretty niceGreat music and atmosphereUpgrades to your character come pretty quickly, there's no grinding as suchLots of side things to do, and some of the achievements look like you have to make a serious effort.It's not like minecraft where you can dig wherever you want (pretty much). You need to plan routes or you can easily become stuck. You can't jump & mine simultaneously.Bad:Walljumping feels weird sometimes, but this is a problem with lots of games with wall jumpingSome deaths can be rage inducing. Initially I had ""take teleporters here"" but don't because...There is ZERO leeway on the number of orbs available in relation to what needs to be spent on upgrases. Spend any on teleporters? Sorry you're locked out of late game upgrades. Also I'm pretty sure there's not enough money to get through unless you play a perfect game. If you want to do achievements then this forces a second unnecessary playthrough.Digging can get a bit tedious unless you keep up to date on your pick and drill.Combat is kinda annoying. Wish there was an alternative to hitting something with your pick and waiting for it to path back. Dynamite isn't always a good choice.I didn't know you could charge the fist until right at the end of the game. I don't know if it's mentioned in a tooltip, maybe I missed it, but yeah, you can charge it to make it go farther.The sleeping trilobite achievements are BS and once again you're screwed if any of them wake up. Which they will in Vectron because you won't have the drill power to get them before they do. Unless you knew beforehand about it.Overall it isn't a game I would've paid full price for, but it was a fun time waster. On the one hand I like that the achievements aren't just ""you loaded the game, yay!"", but on the other hand I don't think it's fair to force players through replaying a not very replayable game to get achievements that you have to plan for perfectly. For example, sequence breaker requires you to know about the story's events beforehand, and then abuse game mechanics to achieve since you can't collect the needed upgrades to access the specific areas. Is this fair? I don't know. It feels like lazy design instead of adding more content."
,Recommended,252410,7982054,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Stateion can aim,awsome minecraft/fighting 2d game wsome love every sec and could not stop play it buy now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,252410,9807478,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Sherlock,"This game is a hidden gem (pun intended).It has it all:Nice story, witty humor, great art, and enjoyable gameplay.Controls feel very smooth and music is great.Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,252410,19238385,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kyrottimus,"I got this game because of all the hype.  Bought it, gave it a shot.  Bored me to tears after an hour.  Really, either I've not reached the ""content"" yet or there isn't any there.  Pretty shallow gameplay.  3/10."
,Recommended,252410,15566033,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Chandler,"A fun little game. Short (took me 3 hours), but well made. Neat little metroid-ish/terraria/dig-em-up."
76561198106498109,Recommended,252410,13771038,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The G.O.A.T,"spelunky+terraria+a hint of minecraft=steamworld dig.get this game, you eont regret it if your a fan of those three games, (and even if you're not)!"
,Recommended,252410,9873403,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,6000 ANGRY BEES,"A clever indie take on Metroid-style games, blending in Mr. Driller-inspired digging around a vertically-oriented game world, with a hub town at the top. Character designs are full of charm, but are let down by some very flat writing.I completed this in around four hours. I enjoyed it, but something about the experience felt a little... hollow to me. Regardless, it's well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,252410,11014932,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zalkore,"The game feels fun, but so far there is too much running back and forth to town to sell loot. Start with a limit of 3 slots for inventory. If you mess up the path down it makes it even worse. Also, this would play a lot better from a controller. Its a platformer with 2D minecraft digging."
76561198269550193,Recommended,252410,25686154,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TheKrazyKitty(Paladins),"Steamworld dig is an addictiive progressive game where you play as rusty, a steambot searching for clues. but what for?the game is VERY SHORTbut oh the GOLD!there is a half life 3 referencean abandoned video game shop with HL:3 posters with bubch of skeletons around shop. one wearing the half life suit :0"
,Recommended,252410,33747644,Posted: 23 July,all,Weakling,"SteamWorld Dig is short, easy, and far too simple for my taste with a gameplay hook that does not change meaningfully enough as you progress deeper into the mines. I don't mind the brief time I spent on it, but I doubt I will revisit this game in the future."
76561197961521535,Recommended,252410,9239897,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Captain Bumbus,um......is rly good
76561198078569259,Recommended,252410,32974190,Posted: 28 June,all,Azher,"Extremely fun and entretaining, reminds me a lot of megaman but with digging!"
76561198011442175,Recommended,252410,33061020,Posted: 30 June,all,Gotcha,"Steamworld Dig is a solid, exploration driven platform game"
,Recommended,252410,9683644,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Victory Male Carter,"SteamWorld Dig,Let me start that is fun game. The variety of weapons, items, upgrades complement the gameplay in each mine of the game. I say its worth it on platforms of consoles its on. Either if its the PC, Playstaion Network or Nintendo eshop. I have bought this game nine times so by saying that i have on all my 8 3dses and also Purchased through the Steam Network. The Controls are very easy with the controller.Thankns Image and FormWaiting For the 2nd SteamWorld Dig Installment."
76561197994601982,Recommended,252410,14046354,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tyrell,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,252410,16354962,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,unclepeyj,The best game with the word DIG in its name!
,Recommended,252410,15238261,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[Benjamin.,"Bought this in a sale due to the good reviews  and for the first half an hour thought it might be the most boring game ever made - but there was something about the world that kept me playing and I ended up loving it. Really interesting soundtrack and a great camp robot post apocalyptic spaghetti western vibe. There isn't a great deal of replay value but, overall, I thoroughly enjoyed this."
,Recommended,252410,25936439,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GusDeCooL,"perfect simple digging game, the only cons is: the story kinda short"
,Recommended,252410,26032883,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kennon,Very worth buying
76561198101652734,Recommended,252410,26057058,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
,Recommended,252410,23045996,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kissaki,Great game!Played through in 4 hours.
,Recommended,252410,23244288,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,HeroRareheart,"Good game, crappy controles..."
76561198257083760,Recommended,252410,23240234,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pyrotenz,"This game is Awesome, anyone reading this please buy this game.8/10 Platformer...-Just because of how short it was mabey throw in some DLC or Update"
,Recommended,252410,22987345,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,theindiegeek,Very fun. Good way to spend an afternoon. Like Digdug meets Firefly.
76561198017074243,Recommended,252410,23007142,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Betamax,Great game with some new fun mechanics if you like digger games.
,Recommended,252410,22772312,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,oddguy [C&NB],Neat lil' game about digging and finding out what happened to your dead pappy.A bit short in terms of gameplay and story but what it lacks in it makes up for in its aesthetics.$10 is a reasonable price for this game I'd reckon.I'd also recommend a controller but I'm not you so take that as you will.Aggressive 7 to a hard boiled 8 out of 10.
,Recommended,252410,9295172,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Meatballsub,"Phenomenal Metroidvania-style game that is worth picking up on sale. I don't feel like it is worth the regular price tag given how short it is, however."
,Recommended,252410,12958793,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kryyss,"I would say that the Metroid influence here is very clear except that this game has very limited replay value. In general it takes around 6-7 hours to play through as a casual pace and frankly I was disapointed that it didn't progress into a more open ended game. This almost reminds me of Mr Driller, but with some character development. At it's normal price of £6.99 I wouldn't recommend it, but when it is on offer for less than £3 I would say it is worth a look if you want to enjoy a limited but well polished game with a lot of personality."
,Recommended,252410,22452958,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Captain Target,"Very fun but short game, soundtrack is really good as well"
,Recommended,252410,13281172,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GM Pax,"It's a remarkably fun little game - challenging enough to entertain, but not to frustrate.  :)"
76561198168226218,Recommended,252410,29928858,Posted: 14 February,all,[cc] Roscoe,Bought this game just to screw around with in my free time. It ended up having a better story line than most games ever do. Alot of fun to dig arond and find things. Especially fun going back to other areas once you get more powerful digging equipment becuase you can digg reallllllyyy fast.
,Recommended,252410,13586902,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cheerilee,i love this for its art work and the story so far is goodvery fun and easy too lol:)
,Recommended,252410,35181776,Posted: 24 September,all,friendly spycrab,one of my favourite steam games and it was really cheap too! :)would recommend also getting steamworld dig 2 which i hope to get soon :D!
76561198091878565,Recommended,252410,29790793,Posted: 8 February,all,Yracham,"Original story, well tuned gameplay."
76561198157201361,Recommended,252410,29687180,Posted: 4 February,all,Mineswee,I thought that this was an alright game I didn't like the limited minerals or that fact you couldn't dig diagional or unless you were flat on the ground but the movement was good otherwiseoverall I think this was an ok game
,Recommended,252410,12221668,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SPOOK ANGEL,"Steamworld dig is a game where you dig. As a ROBOT. The game's conecept is simple but underneath (Pun count: 1) is whole system (Pun count: 2) of characters and enemies to discover. (Pun count: 3) You play as Rusty the robot who's come to a small town called Tumbleton to claim a mine from his uncle who myseteryously vanished. Just throwing it out there, he's dead. All this kick starts events the see Rusty find old ruins of humans and perhaps something more..."
,Recommended,252410,7963065,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,mandor62681,Great game wish it was longer.  Well worth the money!
,Not Recommended,252410,33130267,Posted: 2 July,all,Mathy Magician,"I honestly thought I had spent more time on this game than 2 hours. The game is extremely grindy, like a 2D Minecraft without crafting or building. For (what felt like more than) 2 hours, you do almost nothing but hack at stones, digging deeper and getting money. Stones get more and more slow to hack through as you dig deeper, but that's where you can use your money to buy a better pickaxe, so you can get back to the same FAST gameplay as when you started the game. The game introduces a couple of extra mechanics and tries to be a Metroidvania-esque game, but those extra abilities still tie into the core, which is: standing still, hacking at a block of stone, wall-jumping back to surface/a teleporter, sell your stuff, repeat. Mechanics I unlocked: Jump higher and break previously unbreakable stone blocks!Check out their other game, SteamWorld Heist (which originally got me interested in this one). It's a 2D sidescrolling XCOM - and many times better than this."
,Not Recommended,252410,8690414,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lagomorph,"Sadly this is a childs game. The mechanics are repetitive (upgrade yourself levels 1 through 10 of each item). Dieing also has no meaning. Dieing sinks gold, but gold is around every corner. The only thing you have to fearin this game is inconvience. It took me a little over 4 hours to complete the game and I spent nearly 3 and half of them simply mining down."
,Not Recommended,252410,10023863,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Groggynrat,"10 PRINT ""GATHER ORE""20 DIG30 JUMP UP SHAFT40 SELL ORE50 GOTO 10"
,Not Recommended,252410,32956351,Posted: 28 June,all,JadeMason,"Well, that was fast.tl;dr; An easily forgettable experience probably better suited to younger gamersSteamWorld: Dig has you (a robot miner) exploring your uncle's abandoned mineshaft in search of your missing uncle and anything he might have left behind.  Along the way you'll collect ore and gems which allow you to upgrade your equipment and purchase helpful items.  You'll also find strange machines that upgrade your abilities.  Dotted throughout the mine are enemies which come in a handful of variants:the grub (organic or mechanical)some sort of zombie (with or without dynamite)Bottle tossing guySpike shooting turtleSeeking bombThere are also some stationary traps like lasers (fixed beam or detecting), TNT barrels, rocks that can fall, and so on.  The mine is divided into three environments, each environment itself containing three sub-mine shafts that lead to your power ups.  There are also optional sub-mine shafts that provide bonus gems or 'orbs', which are a special currency needed for purchasing certain upgrades.The game is extremely simple.  Using either your pickaxe or a drill you tunnel through the mine to reach the objectives.  Enemies follow simple patterns and are easily dispatched.  In fact, most enemies have a 'sleep' state that you can kill them in a single hit.  There are a couple of interesting puzzles in the optional sub-mine shafts, but overall traversing the mine is dead easy.I had two major frustrations with the game: light and bag size. There are two things that force you to return to town.  The first is light.  You enter the mine with a certain number of bars of what I assume represents oil in your lamp.  The more bars you have the further your light penetrates into the dark.  Each bar takes around 60 seconds to burn out.  At that point, you can plant lamps from your inventory, chance it at continuing to dig in the dark, or return to the surface. When you return your light meter automatically refills.  You are able to upgrade the number of bars, but this mechanic will always act as an artificial timer on how long you can spend in the mine.  The other limit is your bag space for holding the ore you find.  That makes sense, but it is still frustrating.  It's frustrating because getting to the surface can be fairly time consuming, especially if your light runs out and you have to guess at the path back to the nearest tube or teleporter.Another gripe is that power ups are not well explained.  Many times you'll recieve a new power, be given the name of that power, and that's it.  No explanation of what it does or how to use it.  Pausing the game will give some of the button / key information, but it would be much better if the game provided a way to demonstrate the new power you just picked up and how to use it.There's so little challenge in the game that it starts to feel very much like a grind.  Grind for more ore and gems to afford the next upgrade so you can dig faster to get more ore and gems.  Reach upgrade, dig deeper, get money, upgrade.  Repeat. That's not good, especially in a game that can be finished in under 3 hours. I was shooting for getting fully upgraded, but even after mining everything I could see, I was still a few thousand dollars short of the final upgrade.  Which brings up another gripe.  One of your upgrades is an ore detector that highlights ore on your map.  That is, it is highlighted so long as it is in the dirt.  If you dig it out but don't have bag space for it, the ore drops the to ground and no longer shows up on your map.  You have the option for discarding something from your bag, but if you do, it disappears rather than getting dropped to the ground.There is a final boss, which was interesting to defeat, but I would have liked to see more challenges like that throughout the game.  As it is, the game is a fine diversion if you get it at sale price, but I couldn't recommend it other than to younger gamers."
,Not Recommended,252410,17463161,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"SteamWorld Diggot a fair amount of hype and praise when it released. While this is quite polished, and deserves the asking price, I found myself wanting more. Much more. It feels a *bit* more like a mobile game to me. I get that it is not, but ... Still.It plays like a MetroidVania lite with a low amount of upgradability.The whole package - the artwork and music and atmosphere - is fine enough, but this does not bring the level of complexity or open-worldness that is fairly standard with games like this.It is not bad by any means, just short on features and complexity."
76561197970980626,Recommended,252410,30453048,Posted: 11 March,all,Shadow,Good game
,Not Recommended,252410,10874443,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vlad,"Anyone describing this as a ""Metroidvania"" game doesn't know what the term means.  Yes, your character finds upgrades throughout the game, but there's no exploration aside from ""dig down, then dig down some more"".  If you want a good feel for what the game's like, go look up the flash game ""Motherload"".  Steamworld Dig is pretty much just a prettier version of Motherload.You dig until you can't dig any more (lack of resources or full inventory), you go back up, sell what you've found, go back down, dig more, and repeat until the game's done.  There are some puzzle caves along the way, but they never really present a huge challenge, and I ended up spending the entire game waiting for things to start getting interesting, and then the credits rolled."
,Recommended,252410,28209472,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Malte =),Overall 7/10Pros:-Good art style.-I personaly like the sounds.-NiceStory.-2D-No bugsCons:-Kinds short (played it at my friends computer)
,Recommended,252410,7951936,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Lupin386,Cannot... stay... awake... playing.......zzzzzzzzzz
,Recommended,252410,8887254,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,AutismDevice,"ITS PROBABLY THE BEST GAME IVE PLAYED ( NOT BETTER THAN HALFLIFE 2 )GET IT ITS EPIC FUN AND CHALENGING SO, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR BUY THE GAME?"
,Not Recommended,252410,11080148,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sleepies,Unexpected Boring Game ~_~
76561197973463952,Not Recommended,252410,12189552,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Teddy,"DIGGY DIGGY HOLE, it is not. This is digging for treasures, while avoiding monsters. If you're looking for the all time favorite Moderload, look further, because this game does not fulfill."
76561198066522839,Not Recommended,252410,13300805,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TangoRomeo,"Story is not very engaging, poor control layout, poor tutorial, very repetative. Would not recommend."
76561198032527508,Not Recommended,252410,12104312,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,marko_ceez,"Fun game for all 2 hours of it. Short as hell, otherwise would get the thumbs up."
76561197993780180,Recommended,252410,11398573,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,rpgarcher,"this game didn't knock my socks off, but I enjoyed it well enough.  a bit like terraria with more plot and no crafting.  Overall B+, worth playing"
,Recommended,252410,30797376,Posted: 28 March,all,pax,A really fun and immersive sandbox game with nice graphics and funny dialogue. Totally recommend on a sale.8/10
,Not Recommended,252410,8151218,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Arachin,"A good fun game, and very well polished. Not as tough as I'd hoped and so poses little challenge, plus it won't take long to complete and does little to encourage re-play.If you're considering buying, first look into Terraria. It brings more to the plate in almost every regard."
,Not Recommended,252410,10091106,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Dead Baby Jokes,"I was hoping for a metroidvania type of game. What I got was some kind of boring Terraria type of thing where you are constantly digging deeper down into the ground to look for jewels. I would say this game is all the most boring parts of mining in Terraria mixed with the a kinda Spelunky type of gameplay. So yeah, boring."
,Not Recommended,252410,10848218,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,feelsbadman_irl,"I didn't hate this game, but it played more like a demo of some nice ideas than a fully fledged game.Thematically, the approach is nice enough with you arriving as a steam powered robot into a remote mining town that grows as you bring up resources from underneath. The town upgrades unlock by themselves when you collect enough cumulative gold however which sort of removes the sense of choice and progression satisfaction. There are only about 3-4 town upgrades by the looks, and they amount to nothing more than additional shops with upgraded versions of the same items you could buy already. Items themselves are kind of boring: More Health, More Ammo, and flat bonuses to your pickaxe(s) basically.Gameplay too appears fun to begin with: spelunky the most obvious inspiration as you dig down underneath. As mentioned in other reviews though it's quite simple, with not much penalty for death and a very short (complete in 3-4 hours) plot. There doesn't seem to be much point going back to it once you've defeated the one boss.Playing through this I sort of enjoyed it but looking back I feel a bit robbed. Good for $2.50 I guess if you can get it.."
,Not Recommended,252410,8689750,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sparx00,"Well, the game itself is pretty good but I have one big issue with it. IT WAS WAY TOO SHORT. It only took me 4 hours to beat the game, and 1 additional hour to find every ore. It wasn't worth payign $10.00 for this game. It needs to be dropped in price BADLY. It's by no means a bad game but the price for is just too much for the content. So I urge you, If you wanna buy this game, do yourself a favor and wait till it's on sale. You'll thank me later."
,Recommended,252410,10841686,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Beckynerd,Reminds me of Motherlode that I put many hours into on Miniclip.. great at this price. Will be playing more :)
,Not Recommended,252410,10078364,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Pickles,"you know the part in minecraft survival mode, before you start building anything exciting, where you just have to mine forever until you have enough for something usefulyeah this game is just that part but for the whole game"
,Recommended,252410,23598383,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nnesk,Really nice miner-platformer.
76561198111037817,Not Recommended,252410,20161972,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Helljumper343,"Ughhh, this game is repetitive and boring. Also, the ending was disappointing.You're most likely going to ignore this game the moment you beat it, or better yet, uninstall it.Gameplay: BoringArt Style: Pretty cool, but it doesn't make up for the gameplay"
,Recommended,252410,25672423,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Apostol Apostolov,"It's like Spelunky, but with consequences and regret after each dug brick of dirt."
76561197982514036,Recommended,252410,30688207,Posted: 23 March,all,Deslart,...................................................................Yes!
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,252410,18343076,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Redeemed,"This game is O.K.  Definitely not worthy of the current rating.  Almost quit in the first hour it was so boring.  Got more interesting later toward end-game, but then it was over."
76561198040182217,Recommended,252410,8309369,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rekkn_,Perfect little game
76561198066389771,Not Recommended,252410,10863983,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tofudrifter,"I'd like to recommend this game but I play on Linux, no controller support is a deal breaker"
,Not Recommended,252410,33418910,Posted: 9 July,all,Running,The game is a grindfest which I don't mind every now and then. The ending was very underwhelming.
76561198003745283,Not Recommended,252410,12893070,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dinkleberg,More platformer then crafting.
,Not Recommended,252410,13692910,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kylie Ren,Was dissapointed in the lack of distopia where we mined for minerals to give to Valve in order to get games. False advertising.
,Not Recommended,252410,11810913,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Henry-chan,"I like it's concept, but it feels as if you dig too far, it's way too hard to fix your mistakes."
76561198006478062,Not Recommended,252410,12915694,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,tstefan,"Nothing special, really. I mean, the visuals are very nice. And the robots on the West. And the mines. And that's pretty it. Quite a regular and rather boring platformer. Although if you have a child, and you can run it on a big screen with a game pad... you might consider a purchase."
,Not Recommended,252410,12880525,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dolemout,Please don't advertise Steam Cloud support if it doesn't work on all platforms.
76561198208429755,Not Recommended,252410,22491988,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,JDOGGY255,"This is by far the shortest game i've played, I got it expecting a terraira type game and beat it in 6hrs. There is pretty much no enimes except for about 6 repeating there is 1 boss fight and I whould refund this but I already put more than 2 hrs in. I was pretty angry when i beat the boss and it showed the credits. If you whould like a short indie game buy this the price is fair but if you want a long adventure game stay away."
,Recommended,252410,9995433,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,AzureDragoon,"Curto, mas bem viciante e divertido. Quem curte jogos no estilo spelunky ou até mesmo terraria(apesar de nao ser tao proximo) possivelmente vao gostar do game =]"
,Recommended,252410,31512053,Posted: 2 May,all,wwwizzarrdry,Would be better with local coop.
,Not Recommended,252410,13311542,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,BlakkCooper,"As someone who played Minecraft for thousands of hours since beta 1.4.7 I have to say this game is boring! To save the game you have to pay resources, the controls are awful, the upgrades you can buy make no difference to the gameplay. It's the same stuff over and over again and the story is thin at best.Boring."
76561198071006834,Not Recommended,252410,32537456,Posted: 18 June,all,Negative Guy,once you reach the third world its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mess it goes into these deep holes and places you can get out of and self destructing makes you lose half your cash and theres only so much ore and my game keeps accidentaly buying upgrades when i exit a shop
,Not Recommended,252410,10857404,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,metasynthetic,In AD 2014 you are using the arrow keys for movement on PC? Without an option to rebind them without digging in a config file and hoping it works? I want my 2 bucks back.
76561197970222712,Not Recommended,252410,8074897,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,K$,"Repetitive. Very repetitive. You basically spend the entire game digging down, farming ore, then climbing back out of what you dug. The upgrade system is bland and uninteresting. The story is throw away. There's really not a lot here that makes it worth playing."
76561197970538715,Recommended,252410,7964759,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,phenar,Great little game for busy people wanting to relax. simple interface low learning curve. strongly suggest.
,Not Recommended,252410,8944960,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Lord Anubis,"Though I enjoy the game's art design and setting, the gameplay is completely bland. You grind for minerals in order to collect upgrades. The upgrades let you grind for materials more efficiently. The monsters you fight are limited, and the fighting mechanics are subpar at best. The act of digging for minerals just isn't fun, and the only reward you get for partaking in this dull exercise is the ability to dig deeper in order to find even more minerals."
,Not Recommended,252410,9019928,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Robdar,"Interested in the idea of a 2D game where you dig into the earth and get proegressively more powerful?  But Terraria or Starbound.  I can see this being a good DS title, but too simple compared to it's PC competition."
76561198289446398,Not Recommended,252410,25714372,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,wts4832,"If you don't feel boring about some tedious works, try this."
,Not Recommended,252410,8572849,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,"Good:Those who have played mining games on flash player, well, here is your proper game on steam.Bad:How does it feel when you cannot quit your job as a miner. Because If you really work as a miner, you will understand the pain. Just don't fall asleep during your gameplay. Although the price is right for such a small game, many a times you will feel you rather play the one on flash player online."
,Not Recommended,252410,7936647,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,lumifox,"Short with a dissapointing lack of new game+ or any replay value at all. Everything you see in the trailer is in the game, so theres no secrets, treasures or terrors, and its extremely linear."
76561198063529494,Recommended,252410,7971175,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MG_Eternal,"this game is nothing like terraria, they need to change the description to somthing like super metroid and spelunky. seriously i was excite for a new sandbox then i buy it and it is not a sandbox like terraria.but it is still a pretty fun game. you get upgrades and things like that and it is a lot like super metroid so i cant be angry at it."
,Not Recommended,252410,7985671,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kliff,Much lag... Evrything you will see in th trailer is the same... We can compare it the the game.... Motherload!... If you want a good digging game just play terraria it's like the same but more.... interresting!...
76561198127691711,Not Recommended,252410,25675891,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,toadbomb24,garbage
76561198144656901,Not Recommended,252410,12695512,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jakulley,Stupid and horrible. Buy at your own peril.
76561197996254461,Not Recommended,252410,23621195,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,|M|,Kind of boring
,Not Recommended,252410,29696563,Posted: 4 February,all,Sterling,I don't understand why this game has such rave reviews from critics. This is a game that's more suited to be a free game on the pages of Kongregate than a game you pay money for. The art style is boring and the game can get a little repetitive considering you mine minerals to get better equipment to mine even more minerals. Your money is better spent elsewhere.
,Recommended,252410,9877103,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,cycrolu,tired of big narrative-driven games?  this will serve as a nice palette cleanser with some of the stress relief of grinding/digging
76561198000328048,Recommended,252410,10500148,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Chaotexe,"An absolutely incredible little game that, while not too long, is also not too short. I got 8 hours of playtime my first time through and only got 42% of the achievements along the way. It's simple enough to be a viable option to any age player, IMO, and yet has enough substance to keep you entertained if you're a little older or in need of more depth.The character voices are charming, the controls are intuitive enough, and the features like the colored markers to show where gems are on the map (which is something you obtain along the way - it isn't there at first but soon will be) are invaluable.Should you buy it? Yes, yes, and more yes. Especially if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,252410,10466998,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,toadkicker,"Great storyline, interaction design and gameplay. Worth every penny."
76561198116403668,Recommended,252410,10134377,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Stevvy Stev,Who thought digging could be so much fun
,Recommended,252410,10741313,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kenny610610,"Need a small game to waste your time, here it is. A very very fun and addictive game! As you keep digging you collect abilities and ores which will allow you to upgrade your equipment. Very interesting gameplay as you are unable to place blocks back after you break them making you think about what you are doing always. Very fun game if you have no big releases to play."
76561198080003187,Recommended,252410,10184278,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Dannyboy,"Straight forward game with annoying robot sounds. Loved the creativity in it, but was disappointed about the use of minerals.7/10"
,Recommended,252410,10184682,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,phob7a,"A game which has some elements Boulder Dash and other classics re-presented in a modern format and in an interesting fashion.  I've spent an hour or so in this game so far and have enjoyed it, looking forward to exploring it more."
76561197985159091,Recommended,252410,10730019,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bambi,"cool little games ,,"
,Recommended,252410,10071840,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,brainstream,Simple but interesting and fascinating game.
76561198087630453,Recommended,252410,10078456,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Velentless,Do you like digging games...if you do then you'll love this game for sure
,Recommended,252410,8995446,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Raen,Cheery game that controls well and is a nice cross between Minecraft-style resource-gathering games and a platformer. The steampunk theme is pretty cool too.
,Recommended,252410,9165529,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,liquidco2,I enjoyed playing this but It didn't have a longevity I'd of hoped for
76561197991846179,Recommended,252410,9166477,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Largo,Enjoyable game :D Kept me going for almost 6 hours.
,Recommended,252410,9169649,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ChefEff,"Great game. Reminds me of Motherload, that old flash game where you drill, return ore and upgrade stuff, and then fight a big boss. Where Motherlode was kind of quirky, and charming SteamWorld Dig is tight and polished. Very solid controls, with a nice progression, and definitely some Metroid mixed in for fun.I highly recommend this game. =)"
,Recommended,252410,9174771,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Whisp,"Fantastic game! This is what I want when buying a mining platformer. It is short but the environments are interesting and some parts are challenging. Plus, I can easily see the potential for more levels down the line. Kind of like Megaman, but with less backtracking; the potential is there to build that kind of scope into this game."
76561198004453394,Recommended,252410,9174781,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Mr Murkle,"SteamWorld Dig is a fantastic little game.  It is very short, but to be honest it feels about right length wise.  Had I bought it full price it would still have been worth it for the enjoyment it gave me.  However, at 50% off on sale it was an absolute steal."
,Recommended,252410,9176802,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kleedrac,"This is a wonderful mix of MetroidVania style exploration, Megaman X upgrades, and crafting!  Seriously fun!"
,Recommended,252410,9660349,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,andywrightness,"This game is a very fun, addictive little digging game, with enough metagame to keep me going through to the end.  Not _quite_ as good IMO as Miner Dig Deep on XBox Live, but still worth purchase and playing through."
,Recommended,252410,9646918,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,[TB] Konjus,Lots of fun. This game is largely centered around digging through the earth for gems. Is it fun? Yes. Are the graphics pretty? Very yes. Are there upgrades? You know it. Should you buy this game? Well yeah. Just do it already.
,Recommended,252410,9230521,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Rkoril,"A solid game about digging, jumping, and selling gems with charming robotic shanty town people. Took me a touch over 6hrs to beat the game, with a bit of rushing at the end. Make sure you have a controller! Worth picking up (especially at $5) but would not spend more than $1/hr on this, as there is little to no reason to play it more than once, unless you <3 achievements."
76561197995815191,Recommended,252410,9235880,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,scrounge mcduck,excellent little game well worth your time just a little short but good fun i dig it
76561198013382002,Recommended,252410,9612476,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,andreadawndox,"Quite an entertaining little game. Simple enough for casual play, achievement badges for completionsists. This game has all the base componnents for a larger sequel."
76561198031001801,Recommended,252410,10022836,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Ohtaman,"It was a good playthrough. The controls were easy to change and the gameplay was smooth. The story is pretty good for a platform game, when I beat the game I hoped there was a 2nd playthrough or that it unlocked some form of bonus mode. Alas it was not the case, but all in all a very good game."
76561197993367925,Recommended,252410,9734951,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,DungeonDuck,"This game is a great little platformer. It takes the metroid formula, replaces the typical platforming action with mining and resource gathering, and it just works. It's not punishingly difficult, and it's a little on the short side, but for the pricetag it's well worth picking up."
,Recommended,252410,9784055,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,cordierite16,Must have casual game.
,Recommended,252410,8975608,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,nathan.zumwalt,The only bad thing I can say about SteamWorld Dig is that it's too short.  I could have played another 40 hours.  The story is forgettable but the game play is very good and very addictive.
,Recommended,252410,9070842,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,dredhammer,"Short but a lot of fun with easy to use controls,fun game play elements and an interesting story that i hope will have a sequel."
76561197971764834,Recommended,252410,9082712,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,hiyawhatthe,"Gorgeous and fun. Dig, find and collect gems, upgrade your gear. Oh, and don't die. A real blast."
,Recommended,252410,10043815,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,get_FLOwned,Cool game... took 6h to complete 100%. Even though grinding is a key element of the game it never got boring for me.Although I see no point in replaying it.
76561197999502581,Recommended,252410,10033405,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,IzekielNZ,A super addictive little platformer that keeps on getting you back down the rabbit hole..
76561198018326767,Recommended,252410,8941411,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Serge le lama routard,"Nice little game to kill time, it looks like a flash game so get it on sale.You can easily beat this game in a few hours but if you take your time, get all the minerals you'll have about 6 hours of playthrough i think, the graphics and music are nice and the gameplay is addictive : especially the upgrade system.There's not really much to say about this game, fun and addictive but a little bit expensive."
,Recommended,252410,10013836,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BananaDog,"Very pretty art, lots of fun!!"
76561198000262378,Recommended,252410,10017887,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Michael,"Echos of Bastion, Terreria, Mega Man (but easier) and PocketMine all come together in a great game that runs about 5 hours of play.Dig -> Find minerals -> buy powerups -> repeat through an entertaining story, enteresting ability escalation, and a great final mode where you can go back and find all you missed"
76561198023482054,Recommended,252410,10018281,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,TheGeekagok,"Nice in a lot of things, but damn it is short ! Shorter than Metroid 4 on GBC... even if it's an indie, that's not totally acceptable."
,Recommended,252410,9241561,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Arkveveen,"Steamworld Dig truly is one of the first games of its kind. A one of a kind gem worth way more than it's extremely reasonable asking price.From the beginning, this game hooked me in with its addictive spelunking gameplay, and further hooked me in with this spiritual ""Super Metroid"" feel. I mostly felt that from the crumbling blocks, character upgrades, and mini map. Top all that off with great loveable characters (regardless of their annoying voices), compelling (and shockingly) post apocalyptic setting, and awesome main character. This is one game that you'll feel sad to complete, because it was so good and endearing that you want more. Luckily, this game has immense replay value, so if you can't get enough give it another go!Highly reccomended for fans of Minecraft, Terraria, and all ""Metroidvania"" style games! Now go mine that ore for yourself, get this game!"
,Recommended,252410,9417668,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,CarlCX,"In which Notch proves that he has managed to turn the entirety of the gaming world, even Nintendo, into a legion of block-mining slaves. I hope you're happy, you Swedish monster."
76561198041925690,Recommended,252410,9209164,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Pep Berry,"It may have only lasted 5 hours, but it was 5 hours well spent! The gameplay is a mix of Terraria and Metroid and it works wonderfully! It's so unique in its art style and soundtrack too! Honestly Rusty is my Hero. I hope they make a sequel some day soon!"
76561198042504958,Recommended,252410,9209412,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Dav,This is probablly one of the best games I have ever played!The art style and the animations are amazing! I really hope they add packets where we can just install and we can continue our jeorney! :) Great game!
,Recommended,252410,9194238,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,NightLurk,"This game is surprisingly good, and also a relatively good challenge, which is something rare in the gaming industry now days. When I picked it up I was afraid it will be just another boring title, but so far I'm loving it and I've decided to do a full playthrough of it on my YT channel.Personally I recommend it for anyone that likes this genre, check it out athttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEGUkyWO4MUThumbs up!"
,Recommended,252410,9196103,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,geggon,Pretty fun gaem its kinda a mix of metroid and digging to make your own lvls. I likes it and its on sale for $5 so worth it
,Recommended,252410,9199494,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Stardust IndyX,"SteamWorld Dig is not a very long game but it's pretty fun. If you like Terraria or any of the other digging games, you'll enjoy this"
,Recommended,252410,9200737,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Ardenexal,Such a great 2D platform mining game with great visuals and sound
,Recommended,252410,9299211,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Nevermind,"Like Spelunky? Like Minecraft? Like Metroid? Like Solid, Responsive, Fluid controls and platforming mechanics? Not looking for much in area of Story? This game is for you."
,Recommended,252410,9239094,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kalrand,Great little Indie game.
,Recommended,252410,9241048,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Omelette du Fromage,"Everyone who has played Motherload should play this.This game is fun and addictive. You dig (surprise!) your way down the map in search of minerals and caves. You can then sell those minerals to buy better equipment. During your digging you will have to worry about your light supply running out, obstacles and various different enemies.SteamWorld Dig has some minor metroidvania elements. You know the drill (sorry), during the game's progression you get lot's of new equipment and abilities that let you go to different areas, get minerals you previously couldn't or simply make your way down easier.The game has a nice little story behind it, but it's not the focus of it. The graphics and sound are very nice, which adds to the experience.The only thing wrong with this game is it's length. It's too short. The only replay value comes from additional playthroughs to get all the achievements. Or to simply do it again for fun.Despite it's short length, I highly recommend this game. You're gonna dig it. (ba dum tss)"
,Recommended,252410,9325540,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,MetalPeaches,"Totally great!  Sort of reminded me of the original Metroid games, but with fewer fights and lots more puzzles."
,Recommended,252410,9182678,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Rubedo,"A very fun game, but very short.It took me little over 6 hours to complete the game (and nearly all the achievements).I feel like the game could benefit greatly from more challenges hidden throughout the world, and even New Game+.While it was a very short experience, I enjoyed every second of it."
,Recommended,252410,9186746,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Pike,"FUN.  It's like a mashup of Torchlight style dungeon-crawlers and mining games (Terraria/Starbound) with some platforming thrown in for kicks.  Rather more lightweight than those examples as it wants to be more of a jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none sort of game but totally worth it when it's on sale.  I would be all over a slightly more complex sequel."
,Recommended,252410,9187016,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Ultimate Bullshit Machine,A well-made adventure game. The western Steampunk-ish feel to it is a really nice touch
76561197983168765,Recommended,252410,9227145,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ananke Steel,Simple and good fun ! 5H for the first playthrough. Non random levels for a change and gathering precious stones is satisfying in itself.
76561198007442395,Recommended,252410,9213058,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,mwexford,Reminds me of Dig Dug!
,Recommended,252410,9214060,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Rodney182,"I have always loved the mining genre of games and this one is close to perfect. I just wish there were more to do. WIth updates and more content, I would rate this game 5 stars, but as it stands now...4 stars."
76561198056064773,Recommended,252410,8818740,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,DreadBeard,Dig Dug with Steampunk. Simple and fun.
76561198076395554,Recommended,252410,9157956,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,zelusman1,"Well worth the price, the game is good, well rounded, easy to play, enjoyable the whole way through it, music fits well, i enjoyed the game best with the controller, just be CAREFUL how you dig, the blocks don't come back."
76561198042667920,Recommended,252410,8012057,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Yung Savage,A very unique mining game with all sorts of surprises! a nice buy
,Recommended,252410,7998746,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,イグニール,"Amazing game !Very addictive, very funny.It's remind me Metroid, a very beautiful memory of old game.But i think it's a little short."
76561197991852879,Recommended,252410,7990941,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,StGhaleon,"A must have for any fans of Terraria, Metroid-Vania, and/or westerns"
,Recommended,252410,8000092,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Granite26,"Good game for the price, this is a solid metroidvania, with some mining elements.  It's not at all procedural, though."
,Recommended,252410,8000761,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Nemecks. Timelord.,"The Short:+ Exellent Gameplay+ Rewarding Upgrade System+ Solid Controls+ Vivid, Beautiful Graphics- Short (around 3 hours)"
,Recommended,252410,8000811,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Zero,Just like motherload
76561198015387033,Recommended,252410,8001479,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Paaaaatrick,"I found this game very reminicient of some of the different mining flash games you see online.  Dig deeper into the earth, find more valuable things as you do, and bring them back to the surface to sell so you can upgrade your digger.  This game changes things a bit by having a bit of a story and more interactions with some puzzle elements and enemies, which helped it from feeling too repetitive during its short runtime.  Game only took 5 hours or so to finish, so good for a quick fix if you can pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,252410,7995517,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,morrritz,Really fun and addictive game. Looks and plays great (with a controller. Havn´t played with kb)
,Recommended,252410,8014074,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Yos,SteamWorld DIg isn’t a game that won me over for the get go but something about it just keeps u coming back for more i found myself like and loving it the more i played. The only issue i had it was it relatively short length but besides that it a fantastic game Highly Recommended.
,Recommended,252410,8015556,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Wenhamton,"Really nice fun game, very much like the flash game Motherload but polished and smooth. A joy to play!"
,Recommended,252410,8019579,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[CPC] Ghargan,"A great little game, totally worth its price. A mix between spelunky/metroid and motherload. Mine stuff, dig deeper, get upgrades, kill stuff. Loved the graphics too.Only negative point - its length, about 7-8 hours to complete."
76561198009586772,Recommended,252410,8001706,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Moforkus,"game is great..just really short. as is, i recommend it, but if they release some DLC for it to lenghten the experience it will go from great to amazing :)"
,Recommended,252410,7965142,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dian Nao Chong,"Great, addictive, fun little game. If you have played any kind of mining game recently, this is like that, but more in tune with a dig dug clone. You mine for gems worth money, turn them in for cash to spend on upgraded tools, so you can go deeper. All with a steampunk robot west feel. Story is simple and pretty quick, game is only about 5 hours long. If you enjoy Terraria, miner dig deep, starbound's mining, this is probably up your alley."
76561197993744294,Recommended,252410,8284911,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Nokarma,"It is a great game, a tad on the short side.  I wish there was some DLC extension content.  Overall I'd say the game is worth the time to play through.The upgrading and platform action really scratch an old-school itch without a crazy amount of frustration.  The mining alspect is surprisingly fun as well."
76561198092799984,Recommended,252410,8285424,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ThatSmrtAlec,The one thing I say about this game is... whens the second one coming out.
,Recommended,252410,8275294,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Skellyhell,"Fun little game, if you played/enjoyed Mothedrlode or Gem Miner, youll really like this!Some of the puzzle rooms had me stumped for ages"
76561198031014937,Recommended,252410,8277844,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,VoltAir,"If you ever played Motherboard. This is the new refreshed dig'em'up game and its sooooo goood :) Time waster or professional dirt mover, this game is awesome"
76561197993217108,Recommended,252410,8287621,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,NickP,Really great game for the price. Nice time waster.
76561198026691229,Recommended,252410,8288580,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,BATTLERAPTOR,"Do you like robots? How about Metroid?Do yourself a favor and play this game. It's simple and addictive, and its only flaw is that it didn't last longer."
,Recommended,252410,8290018,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bires,Metroid-vania!  It plays like console Metroid games with a hint of dig-dug use-the-environment-to-kill-baddies action.  Very fun.  Lots to explore.  I completed it in 7 hours; I would imagine that's about average.
76561198043624249,Recommended,252410,11359644,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Archon Xtreme,"Good little game, curiosity made me pick it up and Im struggling to put it down. Highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,252410,11368914,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Drunkmc,"I grabbed this in the Summer Sale for a few bucks and it was easily worth it. Not a very long game, but it was engaging. Its very simple, dig, collect ore, buy upgrades, dig some more. There's a plot thread tieing everything together, but nothing very deep. The upgrading is addicting and the digging is fun.The graphics are nice and animation is sweet. For $10, its not a horrible deal, but I'd wait for a sale honestly."
76561198003728463,Recommended,252410,11344671,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Maulified,sexi as ♥♥♥♥♥ttttt
76561198030791384,Recommended,252410,8419400,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mackenzier,"A short but engrossing game, not terribly hard but challenging enough to be fun.  If you've ever played (and enjoyed) Motherload, this game is right up your alley.  Get it on a decent sale and it is definitely worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,252410,12136382,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Ullwind,Awesome game. Great art style. Very fun & relaxing to play. Short and sweet. I enjoyed it.
76561198043847464,Recommended,252410,12151405,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ClericSoftpaws,"This game is pretty great, it isn't very long however so I would warn about that.Though it does have a very nice feel to the controls and it is very smooth.The art style is one which I've fallen in love with honestly and I do suggest getting the game.Especially if you also share the game with a younger sibling or just friends because it's fairly easy to simply pick up and get digging."
76561197971291045,Recommended,252410,11983735,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Thrill,"This totally reinvigorated the ""Digging around"" genre for me. I played a ton of Terraria when it first dropped and a whole bunch of others have felt like shallow immitators, but this is confident in its own concept and just a blast."
,Recommended,252410,11953203,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,HumanMan42,"SteamWorld Dig has a lot of polish. The controlls are tight and feel good when you are playing. The world is simple and elegent. Graphically it has a great look. I enjoyed my time until about 3/4 of the way through. About half way through something started eating at me. When I was about 75% of the way through it hit me. This game has nothing to it.You mine for ore, you sell your ore, you buy stuff. You are not hunting down recipes, or farming for specific ingrediants. You are not looking for specific enemy spawns and hoping for the correct loot drop. The secret areas might as well have a glowing neon sign pointing to it. The game is extremely simple and linear.It feels like a glorified flash game. A well done flash game, but even still. This could have been a really fantastic game. It just needed more depth."
76561198019363556,Recommended,252410,12219540,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Chewie_the_Hun,Very solid platformer. Brings back a lot of great memories of playing the classic Metroid series. The only downside is it's rather short sadly...
76561198003150736,Recommended,252410,19227035,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Vabis,Good game I bought on sale its worth 5 dollar its to short of a game to be worth more but really good game end of the day
76561198100385065,Recommended,252410,19197475,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Origami.LOST,I have enjoyed this game more than I have enjoyed some $50 dollar games. I can't describe the joy playing this game to you guys. Its just amazing. After 5:15 hours and 51 deaths I finished the game and found myself screaming with laughter and excitement.Developers: PLEASE expand this game! Im willing to pay $20 for a DLC 100%.I definately recommend this game! Fine for playing with kids or just jamming in free time. Get this game and you wont regret it. I promise.Great game 10/10.
,Recommended,252410,30618887,Posted: 19 March,all,Vux,"By far one of the best 2D ""metroidvania"" games I have ever played. I got this on sale for $2.49 which was an amazing price. If you see this on sale, BUY IT IMMEDIATELY!!!"
,Recommended,252410,19113803,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kevvan01,Really great game if you have nothing to do or just wanna test something new9/10 could need a little more stuff to do like gambling would be cool
,Recommended,252410,18972439,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Nintendooh,I like this game.
76561198066973095,Recommended,252410,19296243,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Corvo314,"Cute little game, but only a few hours of playtime required.  Grab it if it's cheap."
,Recommended,252410,30630203,Posted: 19 March,all,Sparks,More Metroid than Minecraft.Lots of platforming with some puzzles mixed it.  Fun game that you can finish in 5-10 hours.
,Recommended,252410,19335708,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gh0stWeaboo,Okay I've been wanting for a LONG TIME now and I gotta say this a very well crafted indie game. I don't really want take much of your time so i'll just run you down with the Good Ol Pros and Cons.  Pros: Immersive gameplay' An ACTUAL game with Linux and Mac support' Crisp HD graphics' Very good artstyle. Cons: Some suprise enemies which jump out and attack' VERY short game you could finish it in few days or a week. ANYWAY that's my review of SteamWorld Dig if you want a rating i give it a 8/10. and if your wondering NO i'm not getting SteamWorld Heist anytime soon.
,Recommended,252410,19470859,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,McFrugal,"This game reminds me of Miner Dig Deep.  It's definitely better presented, though, and the gameplay is deeper.  I love all the special upgrades, each one feels like a significant step up in your abilities.  The environmental hazards are all interesting to deal with, and every enemy has an optimal tactic to kill it when you first meet it."
76561198227432500,Recommended,252410,19721956,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Nullarc77,"It reminded me of Super Metroid and Megaman X two games that i love. With it's metroidvania style of exploration and dashing and wall jumping mechanics were very simular to Megaman X.It is kind of short though, my first playthrough took me about four and a half hours and my second playthrough was less than two and a half hours. Over all its a solid game, i did not run into and glitches or bugs but since i got it almost two years after it came out i am not surprised."
,Recommended,252410,19622883,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,GerGauss,"Real fun game, if a little short. It's replayabilty is based on achievements mainly, still worth it!"
76561198094437437,Recommended,252410,8469099,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,JulianPIisGR8 | #MemeGenocide,This game is awesome and its about mining robots in the Wild West!
,Recommended,252410,8474754,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Thetate,"Take one part Metroid, one part Spelunky, and one part RPG and blend them together. This is kinda like that"
,Recommended,252410,8494036,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NotSo,like mining in minecraft well times the fun by 2 and u will get steamworld dig realy fun some good puzzels and RPG elements in it.wow what a game for a DS remakejust great88/100
,Recommended,252410,8495109,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sijura,"This game pleasantly surprised me. It starts out a bit slow and simple, but the complexity builds up really well. A thoroughly enjoyable experience."
76561197994589220,Recommended,252410,8477652,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Buzz,"Great little gem of a game. Very addictive once you get going, and for the price, more than worth it! Definitely recommend this one."
76561198060794479,Recommended,252410,8814376,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,ManiacalBabadook,LOVE the Game
,Recommended,252410,8816479,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,The Dread Pirate Jabu,"I would just like to start by saying that I absolutely loved this game! It's officially one of my new favorites and I would heartily recommend it to just about anyone.Steamworld Dig is what results in a mashup between something like Terraria, where you're digging a mine through a randomly generated world for resources. And Metroid, where you find upgrades that make your journey easier/more badass. The game's randomly generated ""overworld"" makes up the bulk of the game, where you're digging your way down looking for minerals that will allow you to purchase upgrades back in town, and looking for the predesigned (not RNG) caves that give you new items or just a little challenge with large rewards. The mineshaft that connects these caves is not as dull as a large pile of underground dirt initially could sound though. The random generation in the world is very well done, making the mine fun to explore as you come across larger open areas, mazelike hard stone that you can't initially dig through, and plenty of enemies. The game also does a very good job teaching you its many mechanisms, with a steady drip of mechanics to keep you interested as you mine your way further down. New enemies, objects that both hurt and help you, and a surprisingly large amount of items for your little digbot to accumulate you'll be seeing new things all the way to the very end. The platforming is also surprisingly well executed, with high flying antics near the end of the game consisting of a super and double jump, dodging a multitude of lasers.Now that I've extolled its virtues, there are a couple of flaws. Nothing major mind, more like missed opportunities that very easily could've come from it being made by a smallish indie developer. First, I feel like the game could've used more of the pre-designed challenges. The challenge caves you find never take very long, and I feel like the game would've been exponentially better if they had gone whole hog on full zeldaesque dungeon design rather than single-multi room platforming challenges. Similarly, I think that having more than a single boss would've helped the difficulty of the game, which, while never easy, isn't one of the hardest I've ever played. It's also a tad shorter than I would've liked, though that's more a personal thing related to wanting to keep playing.Overall, a highly enjoyable game that is most definately worth the very low price of $10."
,Recommended,252410,8825496,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,为西瓜,"SteamWorld Dig is a game where you are a steam powered robot. (fits in perfectly) Your mission is to keep diging. Don't spend a dime on Terraria, come get this game. You can upgrade you mining tools, and you can help others and do missions."
76561197960789142,Recommended,252410,8549343,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RiD.Grimlock,"Wonderful game!  Easy to learn but it does not hold your hand throughout gameplay.  Simple but interesting narrative told in various different ways throughout your journey.  Fun characters to interact with.  Interesting items and upgrades.  Great soundtrack, great art, gameplay keeps you coming back and wanting more.  Challenging but not too difficult.  I wish that I would have been able to grow the town more and I wish that a couple of the charaters would've brought more to the story/game.  Could have been a few more variety of enemies possibly.  I wish that I could carry more than 5 ladders at a time, also.  These things are definitely nitpicky and do not greatly affect the quality of the game or gameplay, but I did feel like I should throw in a few things that could be improved on if they make a sequel.  9/10 for sure, one of the best games I played in 2013 (even though I finished it in 2014)."
76561198000767443,Recommended,252410,8576370,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[Mr_Hands],"LOVE this game so much! this is one of those games you can zone out on for hours on end. Love the art style, simple controls, plenty of upgrades, just all around fun and well worth the measley $10 they're charging for it"
,Recommended,252410,8577848,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Jorum,"Definitely has more to it than initially meets the eye, but does become a bit repetitive along the way."
,Recommended,252410,7995687,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Whiskey & Coke,"Took my time with the game, since I played the 3DS version for only 10-20 mintues roughly. All honestly I got the game for $7.99, and by god was it worth it. The game is the Dig Dug tribute that we desever all honestly but the one that will be overlooked. And In my own opinon plays better on the PC then the 3DS version but then again I'll have to buy the 3DS version and dissect it on my own time. This Coal mine is a true gem. Just wish there was more bosses and a way to stack more rubbies."
,Recommended,252410,8567930,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Soul_Apparatus,"A short, enjoyable adventure in to the depths."
76561198027970967,Recommended,252410,8559669,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Nicholas Hawkwood,"If hardcore metroidvania is not your cup of tea, but you still like general idea behind it, then SteamWorld Dig will work like a charm. It has wonderful 2d visuals, cute ""spelunkyish"" art design and solid casual gameplay, which still delivers some friendly challenge. But do not expect too much - the game is one-timer, with very little replayability. It's not long and the world is rather small."
,Recommended,252410,8560841,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DonnieTsunami,If you were an 80s Arcade gamer..... if you enjoy progressive Metroidvania style gaming....  if you like quirky cartoon graphics......  if you enjoy spending time clearing areas.......  actually....  If you enjoy playing games then you NEED to get SteamWorld Dig!!
,Recommended,252410,8512055,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,p1ra,"It's a fun game. If you expect something like Terraria, then this game is not for you. If you are looking for a fun game that can keep you busy for a couple hours, just go for it!"
,Recommended,252410,8675890,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,waycooler,"It's got a bit of Metroid, a bit of Dig Dug, and a whole lot of gold in them rocks. Literally and figuratively."
76561198044426186,Recommended,252410,8447260,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jessica,Cute graphics and simple gameplay that is highly enjoyable.  I will plan my digging better in my second playthrough.  Must remember to make branches.
,Recommended,252410,10148488,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,nerolapis,"Awesome game; no annoying ""I've already been here""; straightforward but challenging; can be completed in less than 2 hours and a half; absolutely recommended! :)"
,Recommended,252410,10153972,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Quasarborn,"The game itself in my honest opinion is a gem. The controls are easy to get used to.. the graphics are crisp and clear. Gameplay wise it reminds me of the good ole Dig Dug for the Atari mixed it with aspects from Terreria and similar titles such as Craft The World. Sit back and relax with this one guys! , the addition of steam cards makes the game a little more appealing as well. No glitching or bugs found yet either. So if you enjoy the tunneling as your leisure gamestyle pick this one up you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,252410,9470824,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,dbart,"This game scratches the Metroid-vannia itch. Actually just Metroid, I never did get into Castlevannia. Anyway... very fun game. I love the digging and exploration mechanic and all the upgrades and the platforming, and and and...."
,Recommended,252410,9330263,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,凉宫春日的消失,nice game
76561198008893239,Recommended,252410,9965065,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,ilozen,Simple and pleasant game in unique setting. Worth recommending (especially that it's now on sale ;))
,Recommended,252410,9967413,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,kcurtischarles,Sooooooo goud.
,Recommended,252410,9970948,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,theredace,"Love this game. Looks awesome, feels awesome, and generally makes it a lot of fun to explore underground. I wish it was longer cause I wasn't really done with it when it ended. Could really use an expansion."
,Recommended,252410,9982207,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Frothy The FUN-GINEER,"SteamWorld Digis probably my favorite game of 2013. It's an incredible little side-scrolling platformer title with strong Metroidvanian influences about a robot who digs up valuables in an attempt to reinvigorate a desert town. You take control of Rusty as you mine rare minerals, take on enemies, and uncover ancient treasures deep below the surface.If you can believe it from the screenshots, SteamWorld Dig actually began as a Nintendo 3DS eShop game! They have completely revamped the game for PC by adding HD visuals (including high-resolution textures, animated character portraits, bloom filter, andmore!), gamepad support, achievements, trading cards, and some rather tongue-in-cheek jokes exclusively for the PC crowd.The game runs consistently at 60 FPS and just looks beautiful overall. Rusty and his enemies are smoothly animated and the surrounding backgrounds and textures are sharp and lend a great sense of atmosphere to the game. Everything in SteamWorld Dig has a really nice, hand-drawn look that really stands out. This is a game that I highly suggest you enjoy on your television while sitting back on the couch.The gameplay is pretty straight forward, but incredibly fun. When you begin the main story, you're given a pickax, a solid layer or dirt, and a simple objective: DIG. In SteamWorld Dig, you carve your own route through the levels. There are 4 main areas, each of them bigger than the last and sporting unique themes), that are completely destructible.Along the way, you'll discover rare minerals that you can sell topside to the local vendor to upgrade and expand your arsenal of digging utensils. Deep underground, there's also secret areas that have fun puzzles that reward you with more minerals or special upgrades upon completion.I won't sugar coat this last bit: The game is short. It only took me roughly 4 or 5 hours to complete. It's pretty obvious that it was made for fairly brief play sessions on a mobile platform such as the 3DS.HOWEVER, it packsso muchcontent into those 5 hours. You're constantly discovering, puzzling, jumping, dashing, falling, climbing, upgrading, teleporting, and most importantly DIGGING. I can't stress enough how ridiculously charming and fun this game is. In my opinion, it is entirely worth the base price of $9.99.http://forums.fungineers.net/index.php?topic=1408.msg22679#msg22679"
,Recommended,252410,9983256,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,pulver_toast,"I really enjoyed this although finishing it in about 4 hours when I played this for the first time. This game is like a flash game on steroids. You will find nothing deep, but enough stuff to make you forget everything around you for an extended evening."
76561198030427827,Recommended,252410,9985169,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,misanthrope42,"A fun little game.  Short (I was fairly thorough, and finished in just over 5 hours - and there's an achievement for finishing in less than 2.5) and not a lot of replay value, but fun gameplay with a cute theme.  Definitely worth the sale price for all except for the most price-sensitive folks."
,Recommended,252410,13023309,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sammael,"Pretty fun and simple little game, not amazing, but certainly entertaining as an addictive time waster for an afternoon or evening. Nice upgrade system, and some unique exploration and ability based mechanics."
,Recommended,252410,13482010,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,setablaze777,Good game. Not terribly hard. Fun little platformer. Kind of short but still fun.
,Recommended,252410,13473153,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wago,"It is a very lovely metroidvania game. It presents a simple story, but I got to care for the personalities of each character. Great choice for people who enjoy this genre!"
,Recommended,252410,13512651,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alpha,"dig like terraria,powerup and walljumping like metroid,explore the wasteland underground like fallout using explosive as big explosion to dig deeper like minecraft,it's a perfect combanation of these games that we known to playthis game is worth it for exploring for yourself and dig some resources"
,Recommended,252410,13513292,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alundra,Great and fun game.
76561198007434508,Recommended,252410,13412365,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ecma [Linux],"Lots of fun, runs great on linux. If you are a fan of the 2D metroid games you'll probably like this light hearted game of the same genre. Very well made."
,Not Recommended,252410,13423352,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,noobie,"This game is fun at first, but after you get more in depted, you really get lost. I did not know what to do after a while, (by the way, when you upgrade things, the appearence of the robot and items should change, it would be more engaging)"
,Recommended,252410,13428187,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ultra Rare Meme,"Extremely funny and basic game similar to Motherload, which is one of the best classic digging games of my childhood. For people that like adventures revolving puzzles with a slight mix of grinding, or  just dig them all games in general, this is one of the best out there. ""8/10"""
,Not Recommended,252410,13429098,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,I30T #nosoundgaming,Got this game on sale and it wasn't worth the money. Finished it in about 3 to 4 hours. This is the type of game that can be interesting in the beginning but it finishes way too fast. there are similar flash games to this that are way more in depth and casual at the same time.
76561198010968408,Recommended,252410,13788268,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[ASS] Gearbot1420,its a fairly short title but quite an interesting story and a great progression system
76561198006986577,Recommended,252410,23818277,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,A neat little game in which you dig and mine and upgrade gear to try to find out more about your father and the little town.
,Recommended,252410,23947831,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cosmic Castaway ⎝👽⎠,"Everything about this game feels so right. It reminds me a lot of the old Xgen game MootherLoad, which was pretty awesome. Steam has been breaking my bank during this summer picnic sale, but this game is the best money I've spent so far, and I only had to spend $2.50 on it. Totally worth full price."
76561197987237619,Recommended,252410,23510286,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[ZiiP] SUPER.HOT,"Lovely little game with criticisms that it is too short and too repetetive, both of which are valid but for the price I have enjoyed my 4 hours with it and really can't complain. Mining, platforming, upgrades, story, excellently crafted world. Loved it.For reference: I played this to completion (for the second time, I own this on 3DS also) and was prompted to replay this on PC after having great fun playing Steamworld: Heist."
76561198104892353,Recommended,252410,23508624,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,derpy the seal,"Origionally i got this game from that game share thingy ma bob and i was hooked *insert overused♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke here* , it has a really good story and nice graphics/creative enimies but my only issue is it's a little expensive for what your getting but it's a good game to try out"
,Recommended,252410,30790165,Posted: 28 March,all,kamgrus,"Very fun game to play and chill. I liked gameplay, progression was cool, fun and slow on start, but after some time it was just so fast. For this monay it is must buy to support. My two major cons are: 1. It is very easy game, I died 3 times in statistic, but only 1 death was my mistake to just dig without light and get TNT on head, all other was a simple AFK death. 2. There is no replayability."
76561198044252202,Recommended,252410,23281311,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,AffectedScythe,"I went into this looking for a game similar to MotherLoad - I'm aware there is a Steam version, but the price difference convinced me to try this.Ultimately, if there were any sort of end game content or a New Game+ option, I would highly reccomend this game. As it is, I have to warn you now, the money you pay will only cover 3-4 hours of gameplay.Pros* Looks good - nice graphics, nice aestethic and level design* Plays well - tight controls, controller supported* Good progression - as soon as you get used to one new mechanic, another pops up just in timeCons* Linear - this is NOT a MotherLoad clone. There is very little free exploration available and not all that much digging. Typically, you'll dig/jump down each area, trying to find a particular door/entrance, which the game will highlight as soon as you're near. Towards the end, you need to find three *things* - rather than leaving you to explore, the game just shows you on the minimap where they are located.* Short, with little to no replayability. As mentioned at the start, this is a 3/4 hour game, and for anyone but the achivement purists or speed runners, without any effort made to make the game carry on beyond the story's conclusion, I can't see any replayability.*Lack of variety in combat - Effort has clearly gone into distinct enemy types for each area, but as player your combat options are limited to melee or throwing a very small stock of dynamite at them (capacity can't be upgraded, nor does there seem to be a variety in thrown weapons). You end up avoiding most fights just on the basis it's easier. It can definitely be argued that the point is to avoid combat, you're a miner and a searcher, which is fair. But a single combat upgrade exists, so there is clearly a potential focus on fighting.---------------------------If you are looking for a game where you can spend hours grinding down through the earth to work on upgrades, this isn't the one for you. It's much more story driven, upgrades are gained very quickly.This is not a bad game, but you need to be clear what sort of game you are buying."
76561198047690992,Not Recommended,252410,23320381,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Todalio,"I will describe this as a nice game. Not a good or a great one, a nice game to try out.(Spoiler) In Steamworld Dig, you appear in a minimalist town. You\'re uncle/father(Can\'t even remember) was the digger of the settlement and now you come to meet him and learn he is dead. You will have to go deeper through the storyline to get more ores which will get you more money to buy better items to get ores faster and dig deeper.(Seem a bit simplistic, it is) The game is easy if you pay attention, if you just run without thinking, you might find it frustrating and die from easily escapable situation as I did.I took my time and got through the game in 4.30 hours.It was fun, but there is no challenge or choice considering how you go through it.The end was really unsatisfying to me. The end boss is easier then the earliest part of the game as you learned all the moves and this is all which is needed to beat the last boss, knowing how to move.So for less then 5 hours, I paid more than 10$. The last game I played which such fast storyline and low replayability was South park Stick of Truth, it was 10x better. Not the same, but for a game you will play once, I will not recommend this game.Early in the game, I was enthousiastic before realising it was only a game where you dig repeativily, fight monster very repeativily and get to an end which feel empty.I had 2 hour of interest at most...Still! I have to mention I liked the graphic design, but it can\'t make it for the lack of everything else."
,Recommended,252410,30784002,Posted: 27 March,all,hornhollow,"A great little metroidvania that, while pretty short, was a delight to play."
76561198055066974,Recommended,252410,23390395,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jonlennryd,"Yup. It's a great little game, worth the money. As other states, once you finish it, you play it again. The classic mining game feeling with loads of new stuff in it. Puzzles, monsters, big big levels to dig through. Not a difficult game, but it give you a couple of hours of fun. If you want to unlock all stuff in the game, you have to work for it. (I had unlocked roughly half of them at end of game) Characters in game are fun at times, and there is an overall nice design. Play it."
,Recommended,252410,18683636,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TheGreenLing,"I bought SteamWorld Dig, because it looked like an interesting game and I fell in love.Image & Form games are more than just games in a lot of cases they are art, look at the background of the ship, think of the story and of the characters. The game has so much life to it, it almost feels organic the way if flows its really incredible!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0-a1i6qIAc&index=1&list=PL3g25GfHOMYdu3ga8tztjFneuJx78m-Ct"
,Recommended,252410,7990563,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Sporkmonger,"The game has a pretty slow pace. There's not much thinking required and it's an OK game overall. On a 10 point scale, it's a 6.5 for me. The art style is really great but I just wasn't in the mood for a mining platformer I guess."
,Recommended,252410,7991727,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Nova,"awesome game, loved it"
,Recommended,252410,7991802,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,sk0tch,Great adventure with a lot to explore and dig.
,Recommended,252410,7997100,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,The Hooded Hat,"I picked this up on the 3ds for the kids and fell in love with the game. As soon as i noticed it was on steam i couldn't help my self, decide to show the devs a little love. Played it for a few minutes and have to say looks and feels great.  You will get your moneys worth in the first hour of play."
76561198048465475,Recommended,252410,8032355,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,tnblues,"Fun, pick up and play. Fun for kids too 5 and up."
76561198111089091,Recommended,252410,8036071,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,jonmonkeyboy,"Excellent game.  Plays kind alike Metroid, but is way shorter.  I found it really easy to pick up and put down.  Great if you don't really want to invest too much time in a game."
76561198117939502,Recommended,252410,8037144,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Missinglink,Great Game wish it had a new game +
76561197994080889,Recommended,252410,8037313,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,"Space Noodle --(, ,'>",More like a non-roguelike Spelunky.... Too bad it's not longer.
76561198048853475,Recommended,252410,8037535,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Debatinator,"Metroid + Motherload.  Buy this immediately.  Seriously, this is a Wild West-themed Metroid game, except Samus is replaced with a mining robot.  Highly fun, and even has a fluid aspect ratio."
,Recommended,252410,7936599,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"This game is great! Kind of a mix between, say, Spelunky (minus the difficult and ""roguelike"" elements) and a super-lite Metroidvania game. Love the art style, music, and it just has a really fun feel to it; digging deeper and deeper into a mine to further upgrade items and unlock new abilites to make previous areas you've explored easier to clear out. You find caves throughout that have some minor puzzle elements to them, making sure you dig the right path to get extra unlockables and such, which adds a little variety to the ""dig deeper and deeper"" gameplay, too.Spent about 7 hours total playing through it with 100% completion. I guess it doesn't have much replay value if that's something you're looking for before the purchase, but it's something I intend to return to at a later point, so try not to let the lack of it hold you back."
,Recommended,252410,11057125,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cyril,"It's pretty much Terraria-lite with platforming elements and clearly defined goals. Also without any real combat system. I mean, there's kind of combat, but it's still really hard to defend yourself save for using dynamite. The upgrades you get are generally all good and I was quite happy with how mobile your main character gets by the end of the game; it plays really smoothly, definitely. No control issues at all. My one gripe is that it's really easy to get stuck to a point where you either have to die or keep digging deeper in hopes of finding the one or two teleporters in each area; true, you can bring a teleporter along yourself, but those cost orbs, which are rare and valuable and better used on other upgrades. That aside, it's a fun little exploration platformer, with some decent puzzles to boot. The story's nothing special and almost non-existent, which is really how I like it in a 2D game like this. The final boss is also pretty clever for the type of game this is and makes good use of the mechanics. All in all a delightful but short game that I'd say is probably worth full price, but wait for a sale if you're really tight on money."
,Recommended,252410,11022475,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The1njZ,"Most enjoyable I played in a long time , and its not grindy at all , but would have like it if it was longer , can't wait for steam world dig 2overall : 8.5/10"
,Recommended,252410,11026010,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DragonFax,This is a great game. Is simple and fun. Its fast and easy to get into. It's a little challenging and has some depth you can explore (not intended as a pun). The mechanics work out very well.
76561198034936605,Recommended,252410,10841938,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,xorkpek,"I just started this game but I'm already addicted to it! The graphics are really nice for this kind of game, wish more of them were like this instead of employing those ""retro"" pixellated worlds. Level design is also quite nice. Only downside is that it's short (took me 3.3 hours to complete according to Steam).This game reminds me of Metroid (although it is less hard). Especially, it reminded me of Super Metroid with Terraria (or Junk Jack for iOS) elements. In other words, single player platformer with exploration, rpg and mining elements, but with no building. It's the first game that I find succeeding in doing this mix of genres."
,Recommended,252410,11104949,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TcChallenger,"Steamworld dig is accourding to most people the next ""Must-have"" Game on the 3ds and Steam but is it really true well let's begin with the story of the game.WARNING: Spoiler alert!The story is about a robot named Rusty coming to a town named Tumbleton when he falls into his uncle's mine. When he falls into the mine he runs into dorothy which after a brief conversation he goes to find his father when he finds out that his uncle died in the mine so you ""borrow"" his pickaxe to find out what he was up to. Then after a while he falls into the second section of the mine known as Old world a nuclear plant section. Then later you reach vectron a electronic generator underground where after mining a bit ou reach the final boss of the game known as the Voltbot who plans on taking over the world making voltbots the dominant species on the planet. After destroying the voltbot the mine collapses on you and you end up dying in the mine. Then the townspeople build a statue of Rusty and then the credits roll...ok I know what your thinking why didn't I mention the townspeople well because all they really do in the game is give you upgrades to your tools.The Gameplay:The gameplay is a mix of Metroid and Minecraft. But what do you do in steamworld dig you mine then sell your ore then go back to the mine then sell and so on. It doesn't sound like much but it's a really addicting game. Like Minecraft the main goal is to well Mine. Like Metroid the game is setup like a maze except you make the path But when you leave the cave it doesn't reset so you need to think out a move before you do it. But there is one major flaw it ends too soon just when your used to everything the game ends with the only boss in the game the voltbot also it takes around 5-6 hours to beat give or take. Yet this is also the best thing in the game too because when you beat the game it posts your score so it makes you destined to come back to beat your last score. Also there's another flaw  which are the side characters they just don't do anything but upgrade your tools.The Verdict:Steamworld dig is one of those masterpieces that comes around every once in a while where a game is so good you always remember the experience you had playing the game. This game is a must have game in anyone's steam library. The game is $9.99 and that is a great price so this game gets a 9.5 out of 10.Pros:+ Great story+ Addictive Gameplay+ Amazing replay value+ Great visuals and soundtrackCons:- Side characters- Length9.5Must-Have"
76561198002500588,Recommended,252410,11105217,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,The Happiness Engine,Do you like Motherlode? Do you want a slower dude who can't die to running out of fuel? Has little challenge rooms to puzzle through and more things to upgrade. Some light combat. It's a 5hr game.
,Recommended,252410,10924482,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TicklishPicklewickle,My review for SteamWorld DigGet this game if you like.digging.platformer.robots.cool monstersAnd i would say this game is 9/10 because its like spelunky only you are a robot that came back to a town with 3 pop it is also very exiting because you can get power ups like dash or a jump boost.Very fun i would recommend this game for everybody.Wait did i mention there are.......Telaporters!!!!!!!
,Recommended,252410,10927291,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,YourTrueDad,"Game is short, but it was an alright game, sounds of going through the store get annoying after the 3rd visit.Overall good game, but short and could have some different less annoying sound choice.6.5/10"
,Recommended,252410,10927689,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Selva Peluda,Finiihed it in 5 hours. With all of the upgrades and digging everything.Is it worth it?Might want to dig that answer for ya self. *walks away in to the sunset*
76561198048144979,Recommended,252410,10929020,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Trade,"Pretty fun time. Took about 4 hours to beat the game. The game style is nothing you've not seen before, it's dig, grab ores, go topside, sell ores, buy upgrades, dig deeper... rinse and repeat until end boss. That said it has a nice athmosphere. Not sure if I'd recommend it at full price, but if it goes on sale it's a good grab."
,Recommended,252410,10854642,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ŀนқє,"Dig, Collect, Sell, Buy and get the digging again...No it's not just about that, and that yet is very relaxing. This is a game where you will find confort in playing on casual moment, as you will find yourself engaged by it's town folk on the scavenge breaks, maybe even laught with the country's style dialogs.Anyway, it's available to all plataforms, has a music theme you will remember in another moment when not playing (which will cause you to want to). Nice ambient music and sounds, good atmosphere and graphics and a polished plataform action style puzzle (???).That's not a crafting game (if are to expect something like Terraria, and not that big either). It define's itself good as a scavenger plataform."
76561198047575045,Recommended,252410,10929426,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jedz,"Had a lot of fun playing this game, has a good story and a RPG style feel to it, in the sense that you can upgrade equipment.Although the game is very short, there is even an achievement you can get if you complete the game under 2 and half hours.They could have done a lot more with it, perhaps there will be a sequel or some form of DLC."
,Recommended,252410,11127096,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Umami of the Ear,"Good length, fun gameplay, Lots of fun!"
,Recommended,252410,11128372,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,LivitApples,"A great game to play, its a small game but it is packed with loads of stuff"
,Recommended,252410,17203745,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,mog,"16 hours is only the one playthrough, I just enjoyed the mechanics and so took my time. An absolute bargain, you'll love it."
76561198078953742,Recommended,252410,17207556,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Atomic Warlord,"Went into this game knowing nothing about it and not expecting much, But what I discovered was a super addicting, exciting, and unique adventure. SteamWorld Dig is one of my favorite indie games of all time. I personally place it above Shovel Knight. I cannot stress enough how much I enjoyed it. If you are having doubts about this game, put your mind at ease. This is a safe buy."
,Recommended,252410,12855814,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,base,"Steamworld dig is a great mining game in the style of ""Motherload,"" an internet game famous for its good mechanics. This game is kind of like motherload, in the sense that it contains a lot of mechanics from Motherload. It's great.Pros:CharactersStoryMechanicsReplayability ValueCons:EnemiesDeath SystemIt's great, but flawed. I'd certainly play it again. In fact, I'll do it right now."
76561198106667829,Recommended,252410,14759074,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MP_412,Good platform game that actually kind of a story. Cool upgrades and somewhat challenging.  Worth $10 and def if it's on sale.
,Recommended,252410,14268341,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AfroRyan,"I dig it.*small chuckles crescendo slowly into laughter, and further still into uncontrollable cackling, and finally it peaks with piercing screams of rage and despair...and then...nothing*"
76561198049308061,Recommended,252410,9269169,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Miss Rageboomer,"Valve decided to jump on the Terra- oh wait thats not right, let me try again.Rusty just inherited his old man's mine upon him going missing.  Not a miner himself, he decides to take a pick-ax for himself and go tunnel down to see what happened.StoryThere are some mystery elements for sure while traversing the underground, but ultimately the ending of this game could've done loads better with an expansion DLC or something as it feels incomplete.  The characters you meet in the Uptown are cute in their own western way, and overall just has alot of charm to it.GraphicsThe character designs are great, though sadly you'll be looking at wads of dirt 90% of the game.  That isn't to say the hazards in the dirt aren't animated competently, as the textures and so on are there, but not pushed to the limit.  Given there are only 4 different zones (Uptown being one of them) there isn't alot of variety in what appears, but the enemies, or what appears of them are all different for the most part in design.GameplayThis is definitely not a stressful game by far, as you'll most likely just be digging around, collecting types of ore, heading back up and purchasing upgrades for yourself such as longer lamp lights or better pick axes.  Because of this, the action element is somewhat lacking a bit, and I felt I was going to get hit regardless when having to attack an enemy in my way due to your short range (until later abilities are acquired).  So your enjoyment of this game depends on how much of a collector/completionist you are, and how well your observation skills can be.  My honest to god main qualm about the game is the final boss being ridiculously easy compared to the rest of the game, and coupled with a lackluster ending kinda put a dampening spirit on my exploration mood.ControlsKeyboard wise, the only awkward mechanism is having to switch between items and abilities, as I've accidentally used an item when I meant to switch it.  With that said, the controller just overall feels smoother, and gets the victory based solely on non-awkwardness but the game is completely playable on kayboard nontheless.SoundThere is only one two main song themes while underground sadly, the rest are playing in Uptown or in finding items in a victory melody.  Otherwise you will be hearing yourself dig through dirt, and more dirt and maybe hear something shriek offscreen.  The sound is admittedly barebones for what it could've been for sure.ConclusionThis is the lazy man's casual Spelunky.  The game is great for relaxation and so on, and even appeasing to the completionist in us, but it could've done with more content.  If you want a challenge, the achievements are indeed a pain in the butt and will force you to beat the game in under 3 hours which is incredible given the game is around 4-5 hours or so playing normally."
76561198048388477,Recommended,252410,14341755,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Goodbrew,"An enjoyable pick up and play platformer.  I never did finish it, but I had a lot of fun with the short time I spent in it.  I don't always want deep immesion and compelling yadda yadda.  Sometimes I just want to dig."
,Recommended,252410,14360700,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Peaslepuff,"This was an altogether fun game, although I wish it had been longer. I beat the game in about 5 1/2 hours and that includes gathering enough resources to complete all the upgrades, and there's not much replay value. I wouldn't have bought the game if it had been full price, but it's definitely a game I would recommend buying when it's on sale.The story was fun and the characters were simple but entertaining. This isn't a particularly challenging game; for instance, I didn't die at all during the boss fight, although I loved that fight because it had a sort of Zelda feel to it."
,Recommended,252410,14213220,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,mortuus_in_anima,Quite a simple game to be honest. But it was really fun. :)
,Recommended,252410,14195545,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,gLoOMy,Have fun digging!! ;)
,Recommended,252410,13308283,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ShadowRFox,"Another game that shows me the joy digging. This game take me back to the joys of Dig Dug. You play as a robot digging in a mine you inherited from a family member. From there you dig deeper in the mine finding hidden power-ups, ore/gems to sell to buy more power-ups, and enemies to hinder your progress.It's  a fun game, and if you enjoyed games like Dig Dug then you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,252410,13309412,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,♥,Nice timekiller. Casual -ish gameplay
,Recommended,252410,13309751,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,SMYRN1A,"10/10Very addictive game for people of enjoy loots, open worlds, indie platform games. I have not seen any bug or gameplay error. Graphics are simple and smooth. You can dig anyway you like in mine, collect treasures, upgrade weapons and items. This game just like I want."
76561198074388839,Recommended,252410,13311578,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,KvotheArcane,"It's a great and creative little game, with a querky story, and strong graphics.  It has enough to keep you interested for some time and little bonuses for people who push for the extra.  Also not too difficult and not too simple, this is certainly important for games like this.The price is low and very manageble especially when on sale. So take some time and enjoy."
76561197982529326,Recommended,252410,13311785,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,WaylandX,"Great Game, very easy to play!9/10"
,Recommended,252410,13314023,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Bazar,"A Fun Simple Digging game, with good polish to it.Dig deep, collect gold, and return to upgrade so  you can dig deeper."
76561197995652048,Recommended,252410,13314359,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,HappyEngineer,Fun mining progression game. Lots of little mini mine puzzles and fun enemies.
,Recommended,252410,13300028,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,RAIZO,"Not much to say about this one other than the fact that it’s short but sweet. The music/sound is good and the gameplay style/mechanics are like a steampunk version of Terraria set in the old west (sans the crafting, among other features).  The price isn’t bad, especially when you get it on sale, and among the many retro games available on Steam this is certainly a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,252410,13304751,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Ro,Amazing little mining game.
76561198021587111,Recommended,252410,7967697,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,jamey,"This was a fun game. I wish that there was more content, but it was really worth what I paid for it. I may even go after a couple of the hard to get acheivments on a second playthrough. I had a blast playing this, so another run through it seems likely.What I liked:Level designLight puzzel designCool upgradesBang for my buckWhat I thought could be better:Length of content (perhaps other shorter non-story based challenges.. end game content if you will)"
,Recommended,252410,7971062,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,C4ptnCrunch,The point of the game is to explore the world underneath a small town while collecting various minerals and jewels to sell for upgrades so you can more easily dig deeper.  There are many obstacles and they don't feel too stagnant.  The game changes every so often to keep you entertained.  Nobody actually talks (its dialogue boxes).  The game visually looks the way it looks in the screenshots.  I bought it for $8 and I'd say it was worth it.
76561197993774158,Recommended,252410,7972561,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Jinroh,"The game is fun, well designed. A pleasure to play.Only downside : kinda a short ! Because we want some more !"
76561198030726417,Recommended,252410,15861401,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,marlock,"This is a hard game for me to review. On the surface, I should not like this game. The entire time I played the game, I thought to myself, why do I like this game? But, for whatever reason, I really really enjoyed playing this game. I guess that is all that matters in the end even if I can't quantify why. Something about it just kept pulling me along until I finished it. I don't know if I'll go back to this game for a second play through, but I do know if they release a sequel (which I think they are in an indirect way) I'll probably get it."
76561198120328037,Not Recommended,252410,15862648,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,count9us,"I really wanted to like this game, it has nice looking art (colors and graphics), RPG elements like new gear and lvling. The game just wasn't for me. It was basic, I didn't like the controls, and was very linear. Perhaps it is for you, perhaps it would have gotten better if I had played longer."
,Recommended,252410,15658388,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,|Pants|,Dis game is bloody fun.
76561198028320379,Recommended,252410,14467234,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,jrchastek,"The theme is awesome, the gameplay flows well and has a good balance. I would reccomend this to anyone."
76561198076038491,Recommended,252410,14526635,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,icecage05,"This game is overall great.Combat and movement is smooth and responsive.Upgrades are nice. Graphics are crisp and look great.Story and characters are pretty interesting.The only Con is the game is a bit short winded.But other then that, for 10 dollars, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,252410,14478848,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kaipowered,Do you want a digging game? Because Rusty will dig for you. Great game.
76561198116274384,Recommended,252410,14487117,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,derbymanc8,"Fantastic little game, not too difficult and not overly long."
76561198096895559,Recommended,252410,14517081,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thanos,so addictive!
,Recommended,252410,14521158,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TheRG,"Fun game, nice style but a little short. The upgrades that are avaliable keep it interesting and build really nicely as the difficulty increases. Although it doesn't take too long to finish I still think it was worth playing."
,Recommended,252410,15425312,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Vaneon,"Had a lot of fun with a full play through. Didn't hold my interest after that, but it gave me just the right amount of gameplay for the loot. (Got on sale). Very nice art style."
,Recommended,252410,14891265,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nergal,Who knew digging could be fun? just don't get stuck down there
,Recommended,252410,14962929,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"SteamWorld Dig is a nice refreshing little indie platformer.  I easily sunk in a little chunk of hours in completing this game.  I honestly don't see too much of a replay value other than trying to mop up missed achievements or something, as I'm pretty sure nothing changes the second time around, however it is certainly worth the cost for a go at it.  The controls are easy to get the hang of and very responsive and the graphics are very surprisingly pleasing to the eye and the story is fairly interesting.  As I said, certainly $10 for the playthrough at least once, the devs did a great job on this game.8.5/10."
76561198074777881,Recommended,252410,15301602,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[TAW]cuebux,"One of my favorites, short, but good."
76561197974782836,Recommended,252410,15258727,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,BLOOD,short but fun.
76561198086457357,Recommended,252410,15565580,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"I had loads of fun with this one... This is one crossbreed child of Mother Lode with Cave Story+. The art is good, the design is well-done, the story and the gameplay are interesting.I hesitated a couple of months before buying this one. I shouldn't have hesitated, this is fun. Nothing is really difficult in the game (just a few death here and there with a monster or an automatic canon), as long as you think a bit before acting, what you'll do will usually work during most of the game... There is just the boss at the end of the game that took me a few tries, but the gameplay is good, the mining and shopping are well-balanced, the upgrades and character evolution is well-done. A good game."
76561198127035543,Recommended,252410,16492363,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Neutrales.Element,"Nice mechanics,lovely setting (robot clondike).Buy for a 4 hours of digging through dirt and fun."
,Recommended,252410,8261536,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Callaswazie,"This game is short, but really fun! You can get lots of upgrades for you character (Rusty) that can make facing enemies, digging things, and getting out of tough scrapes easier. I warn those of you that are reading this review. SteamWorld Dig can get pretty tough at times, especially when getting down to the final part of the game. But the story is really good and actually made me a bit sad at the end when the game ended. Though hopefully some of you guys will buy the game or consider buying it. The graphics are astonishing and the affects are breathtaking. So hopefully you enjoy it. This game is rated E+10 by the way so nothing bad at all. This game is great BUY IT RIGHT NOW!"
76561198115749372,Recommended,252410,11001647,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Clancy,Spelunky with more story and upgrades!!
,Recommended,252410,11110049,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Crunchwrap Supreme,"Shockingly linear Mr. Driller-esque ""Metroidvainia-like.""  Worth buying in a bundle or on sale for <$2.50, but just barely."
,Recommended,252410,11799300,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,tedster,Steamworld Dig is my favorite 3DS game
,Recommended,252410,12885385,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Humble Gamer,"*This review is not meant to be helpful or insightful*...What a quaint little game.I found this little gem today and from the moment I started up until writing this review I have found it to be nothing short of inventive and fun.It's a lovely little platformer with a uniquely designed, well paced and well flowing gameplay that keeps you intrigued, even as the mechanic of the game ""mining"" becomes a longer task.It's definately a game worth checking out for the common platforming fan, just for how cheap it is when compared to the gameplay. (The gameplay is amazing for the price!)(Okay, I got it on sale for £1.74 but its still worth it for the normal £6.99 I think!)"
76561197985429569,Recommended,252410,12911389,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Chernori,"Surprisingly enjoyable and charming. A side-view mining game starring an Old West Robot where you steadily tunnel downwards, finding minerals to sell in town to afford upgrades. It's sort of like a mix of Spelunky, Torchlight, and Megaman. You can only carry a few minerals at a time and your light slowly goes out, so you need to head back to town to restock and sell pretty frequently.The gameplay is pretty enjoyable, despite that you're basically just digging down to get money to dig down some more. Simple, but attractive graphics. Good ambient sound track and effects. It's actually a pretty atmospheric game, especially as you get deeper. The HUD is well thought-out. Digging and finding minerals is satisfying. Dying means you lose 1/2 of your current cash, so don't stock pile: spend it on upgrades as soon as you can.The biggest annoyance with the game is that the controls feel a bit unresponsive sometimes, especially when jumping around. I found myself constantly missing jumps or sliding off platforms. There are jumping puzzles and some of them were very frustrating due to the controls. The game's controls are definitely less responsive than Spelunky's.The other thing that drags a bit is having to find your way back to town to sell things. Though there are a few teleporters or other check points to bring you back, you often have to hop your way back to one, which can take a couple minutes. You can buy portable teleporters, but they require a finite secondary currency to purchase. You need the same currency  to buy upgrades, so I never really found myself feeling like I could bring a portable one with me.The last thing that's annoying is that you can't swing your pick to dig while jumping. I know that it's probably intentional to allow the devs to create puzzles, but I found it pretty irritating. You can't dig your way to minerals above your level, which means to you need to climb back up the way you came and then dig back down above the minerals.Overall, though, it's an attractive, fun, charming game. I think it's worth $10 if you enjoy digging for upgrades and don't mind occasionally missing a jump."
76561198021645595,Recommended,252410,12914287,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[FURHQ] Ryanny Dragonwolf,it is a great game and it is hard to stop playing
76561198010400262,Recommended,252410,12879731,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,NH4,"Great game, I had a lot of fun with it. Fun secrets to find, interesting story, simple, fun gameplay. I had a blast with this title! Very remenicent of Motherload, another old favorite of mine."
,Recommended,252410,12878840,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,luflax,"Muito bom, Curti muito o jogo!Very good, I like the game!"
76561198008565054,Recommended,252410,12883942,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Garbo,An incredibly addictive game. Much better than I was expecting. The learning curve is excellent and the diversity and flow of the levels keeps it interesting.
,Recommended,252410,12884686,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Noob-Noob-San,"if you like, exploring, digging, mining gems gems along with the occasional puzzle this is the game for you"
76561198010212028,Recommended,252410,12888342,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Afromaniacs,Super fun/addicting digging game.  Good progression
,Recommended,252410,10010177,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Zincoshine,"OK, at the beginning the game seems very lame, but it becomes more interesting as time goes on. It's a short terraria-like adventure but the game is way too short to warrant its price. I will recommend the game but just barely. At least the game is longer than CoDs single player campaigns."
,Recommended,252410,12891626,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Casual Blender,"Easily the one of the best games I've played in the last few years. Great aesthestics, awesome theme and just a great example of how a simple game mecahnic (dig) can be enforced and backed up to create a great product. Even bought the soundtrack!Totally reccomend this to anyboday who has 5 bucks to spare."
,Recommended,252410,12895289,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zorrix,"Steamworld dig is a modern, steampunk motherload, with a metroidvania touch. It is a wonderful game to burn a few hours away with. The art style is very nice and fits the game perfectly"
76561198097149433,Recommended,252410,12896195,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zombiekissingbooth,"I had a blast playing this game. It feels like a fantastic western blend of Metroid and Dig Dug.My only complaint is that it isn't longer.*miner spoiler*There is only one boss fight and I wanted the game to keep going after.As short as it was, it's rad as hell. I will play it again, and I hope they make a second game."
,Recommended,252410,8255020,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,iakovos,This is a great little game that you can play gradually.  The end boss fight brings back mega man memories too!
,Recommended,252410,8255879,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chinabull,This game is ridiculously addictive. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,252410,8257156,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Pyehole,"Excellent procedurally generated game that hearkens back to games I played back on a commodore PET.  I love the artistic style and general feel of the game, highly recommend."
,Recommended,252410,8384326,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,error406,"Have played this game through a few times now and while rather short, i t has been surprisingly entertaining and well worth the money. Hope they make a second one on a larger scale!"
76561198080956401,Recommended,252410,8384657,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,rtfm13,"I was excited to hear that Steam would come to Linux, as Wine can be a royal pain in the $@#! I've tried 4 games so far and this is by far the best. I've played a lot of games on Windows, SNES, PS2, and others, so I can tell you, this is a great game to play a few minutes, or an hour at a time. Imagine digging your way through Super Mario Brothers 2 with a pick-axe and a Steampunk/Wild West theme. The art is gorgeous and the music isn't half-bad either. The best part is, it develops into a puzzle game where you have to dig in the right places, while still allowing you to go ape on a few beasties. There are various upgrades too you earn by turning in ore. These new Flash-type games are refreshing. The FPS 3D stuff is just too violent; I don't worry about my 3yo boy watching me play this."
,Recommended,252410,8400447,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Howard Beale,Really nice platformer with a great art style and atmospheric music. A fun mix of exploration with a few puzzles and a great sense of progression through finding new technology and the buying of upgrades.Dig ever deeper and discover the secret of what lies beneath the town.
76561198029635361,Recommended,252410,8337850,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Naps,"A nice little relaxed game to spend a few evenings with. If you're into digging, exploring, upgrading your stuff, and fighting occasional enemies, give this one a bash."
,Recommended,252410,8340357,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MasterJay,"SteamWorld Dig follows a very simple concept, dig your way through a mine, find minerals and use them to buy upgrades for your equipment. This formula is implemented very well and never feels repetitive or boring. The upgrades are staggered well enough that you feel like you're constantly making progress which makes you want to keep playing.When digging around choosing the right path can make trips back to the surface to sell your minerals easier and faster. However digging too much can leave you stuck at the bottom without any resources or even light to keep you going. Traversing the mine is thus SteamWorld Dig's most challenging and fun aspect, with subsequent upgrades completely changing the way you treat the space in the mine making additional areas available for exploration.The game is quite short, I finished it in about 7 Hours and managed to get most of the upgrades. If you have a few hours to spare and want something fun to play I would definitely recommend SteamWorld Dig"
76561198025294187,Recommended,252410,8335752,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MrGuanYu,"Dig for ore, sell ore, upgrade equipment. Rinse and repeat. Except withSteamWorld Digthere is enough of a backstory to keep you intrigued and the equipment you are upgrading is....yourself.You are off in search of your father in his old mines and you meet a few interesting characters along the way. Gameplay is as you would expect, audio is about average (which is not to say that it's bad), and the graphics are fairly well done and have a nice polish to them. The game is easy to learn and not too difficult to master.The issue I have with this game is that it's very short. I've almost completely upgraded my character and I've already beaten the game. Once the game is over there isn't much replayability which saddens me because I really do enjoy the feel of the game. The problem with a story arc like the one in this game is that it's not open-ended so you don't feel the need to come back for more when it's over. Hopefully there will be some DLC to help expand the story and give it the replayability that it sorely needs.If you can find it on sale it's a definite grab. If not it depends on what you like in a game. If you enjoy mining/selling/upgrading games then this might be worth the $9 tag."
,Recommended,252410,8301998,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Keo,Reminds me of Gem Miner for Mobile OS's. Fun game to speed run for the achievement or take your time and collect everything. Its a quick and enjoyable game. The audio plays well with the theme and its totally worth it if you catch it on sale.
,Recommended,252410,8164479,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TweekingFox,"While it's fairly short and took about 6 hours to complete, it's a very enjoyable game. Well worth it for such a reasonable price."
76561198035775519,Recommended,252410,8240404,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Johnny Tarr,GOD. Never thought this kind of game could be this addictive or fun. Just friquin buy it.
,Recommended,252410,8155007,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gunz,"Steamworld dig is a great platformer game with a lot of replayability. As you progress through the world, the game gets progressively harder making it more challenging as you go along. It's been a long time since I have found a platform game that I truly enjoy, but this is one of them! Come see some of my game play atwww.youtube.com/user/freshguessgaming"
,Recommended,252410,8210168,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,redicius,"Best ""non AAA"" game this year ;) I love that the game has not just random/procedural levels and also has cool a character development (skills) in it (RPG-like). A must have for any 2D platform lover.. Easy to jump in, hard to turn off ;)"
,Recommended,252410,8211206,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TadMSTR,"Fun little side scroller. You dig, find gems and cash them in back at town to buy better gear. You find upgrades along the way to help you dig as you go deeper into touger rock. The story was pretty good and suitable for all ages."
,Recommended,252410,7985700,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Sheeno,Simple gamplay but its addictive and keeps you entertained which is why its so good. If you have played Splunky then you will really enjoy this game as it has similar gameplay. A must play!
,Recommended,252410,7985777,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dirty Potter,"so good, i bought it twice!beat it on 3ds and then on steam"
76561198044433816,Recommended,252410,7986848,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Wazoo,"Great game, really. It has a genuine art style, a pretty awesome genre (robo-steampunk western) and an entertaining storyline leading up to a leave-you-on-your-toes ending, which just complements how great the game is. Amazingly, fun, and worth game of the year, and a sequel."
,Recommended,252410,7987315,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,arneis,fun but short took 9 hours to complete at a casual pace
76561198051220038,Recommended,252410,7987519,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,frags138,"Totally random buy, but I really enjoyed this game.  Truly a 10/10."
76561198034866534,Recommended,252410,7987739,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,adrock123,"a whole lot of fun,   and no,  it isn't like Terraria"
,Recommended,252410,7989481,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,PleasıngFungus,A fun little game. Soothing. A good way to spend a few lazy afternoons.
76561198041622767,Recommended,252410,8008278,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Little_Twit,Pretty good game. I liked it I mean wasn't as long as I had expected it to be but overall definitely worth the playthrough.
76561198064248133,Recommended,252410,7972849,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sad in CT,Classic Game. Got a lot of hate for being similar to other games but to be honest it is its own game and is really like nothing else ive ever played. the graphics are colorful and HD and the gameplay is addictive. You wont want to stop playing and you will want to get all the acheivements. Overall a great game and i would recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,252410,8009330,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,SeniorHerraBanani,i think this is a great game. originally a 3Ds title now ported to pc. this game has the objective of motherload the platforming style of megaman x and an upgrade system similar to modern flash games. the objective is simple and the game doesn't stretch out to be longer than it needs to be. it's worth 8$ imo but it's your choice if you wanna buy a fun charming short 4-10 hour indie game for 8$.
76561197997246476,Recommended,252410,8009816,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Tea4Two,"A fun and polished game. The controls feel a little loose at times and you can finish it at a leasurely pace in 4-5 hours, but it's pretty addictive whilst it lasts."
76561198051530003,Recommended,252410,11078495,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,skullboy0401,"SteamWorld Dig is pretty cool. You play a robotic guy who ends up going down in his relative's mine, mining different stones or gems. In Town, there are plenty of upgrades to help your HP and Water, Pickaxe, and throughout it you will find upgrades. Going through the underground, or the mine, is pretty amazing but can be really tricky. You get even more types of things to sell, unlocking more levels and more upgrades.Although, it is pretty easy to die if you fall, find certain enemies and have a weak pickaxe, and upgrades become REALLY needed. But the latter is actual what you're supposed to do and makes the experience much better.I'd recommend it to people for sure. It isn't that bad of a game, and I don't feel that I'm almost done with it after getting only to the the second area underground."
,Recommended,252410,10861729,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Magikarpgosplash,all and all it a is a good game i mean it can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times when you dont know what to do but other then thatit a great way to pass the time :)
,Recommended,252410,10868066,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Magic Blood,a very fun game 5 stars must have
76561198015149137,Recommended,252410,10886788,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,tangerinepiggy,I bought Steamworld as a part of the summer sale and made back 1/3rd of the cost selling trading card drops.  This game delivers solid platforming exploration while having some fun mechanics.  So far it has entertained me for longer than a movie at a cost of less than two dollars.  Don't expect something deep but do expect solid game play and a pleasant artistic style that is deffinately worth two bucks.
,Recommended,252410,10917909,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OutdoorPlumbing,"Enjoyable, albeit short, tunneling / collection game.  Played through once, will probably play through it again in a few months once it's fresh again.  Art style is fun, game play is very comfortable with a game pad, overall a fun play experience.  Easy to play in bursts since you have a limited amount of light before you have to go back to the surface.  Would have liked it to be longer (I'll note that even though I've beaten it, I'm unsure if any ""New Game+"" feature exists to increase the difficulty)."
,Recommended,252410,10919035,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ewokalypse,"Sort of like DigDug, only with robot miners and an upgrade tree.  Only about 5-6 hours of gameplay here, but this makes a great sale pickup."
,Recommended,252410,10919172,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lightning,Got this game during the steam summer sale. Enjoyed every second of it and got every achievement within ~10 hours. Good game.
76561198116534094,Recommended,252410,10920333,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rokon,Pretty short but definitely fun!
,Recommended,252410,10922256,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Watermelon Daiquiri,"If you've played the great flash game Motherlode, then this game is very similar! While the length of the game leaves something to be desired, the 'dungeons' scattered throughout make for a nice detour from just digging down. If you can get this on sale, then do so for a great few hours of fun."
76561198030434695,Recommended,252410,10904056,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,J.,"Good game, takes around 4-5 hours to pass but well worth the money for around $5."
,Recommended,252410,10906654,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RaidenFreeman,"Really nice game. It's like rogue legacy, minecraft and metroid at the same time. It's quite fun, and not really hard (4/10 from 1=easy to 10=hard). It's not too long though (finished it (not 100%) in 6 hours, so if you buy it cheap it's a great purchase."
,Recommended,252410,10908153,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,a lubricated sock,"Fun, kind've like one of those games where you slave yourself away for days only to get 1 upgrade."
,Recommended,252410,10899512,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Richard M. Nixon,ORE FOR THE ORE GOD
,Recommended,252410,10900083,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ClickRex,"Well constructed arcade-style digging game with procedurally generated dungeons and RPG elements.  Just the right length to be engaging without being boring whilst continually throwing new challenges at you. Worth a look if you enjoy Terraria, Dig Dug or the idea of Cowboy Mining Robots."
76561197968524363,Recommended,252410,11235281,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,invader_dag,"Melds mining elements from Minecraft or Terarria with a Metroidvania adventure. The game is not incredibly long (finished 100% in a bit over 6 hours), but it is fun and very well made with tight controls and funny dialogue."
76561198016750495,Recommended,252410,11013313,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Magnus Eisengrim,I had a lot of fun with this! It combines puzzle-solving and exploration in a clever way. Definitely going to re-play it at some point.
76561197972317838,Recommended,252410,11044987,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dekar the Strongarm,"This is a quaint little title, not too indie, not too mainstream.  When i first saw it, i immediately drew correlations to Minecraft or Terraria, but this game plays by its own set of rules, and has its own distinct flavor.   You dig for minerals, bring them to the surface, and exchange them for money, which you then use to upgrade your equipment.  Its very simple, and yet, its just complex enough to be compelling. Overall i found this game very enjoyable and very inexpensive.  I recommend buying it next time it goes on sale"
76561198040040201,Recommended,252410,11045655,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Greyfox,"Being a Miner has never been more Fun, Just watch out for the Acid"
,Recommended,252410,11007316,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Prayer,"A fun game to pass time. Charmful, entertaining and fun!7.5/10"
76561198070622153,Recommended,252410,11096251,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Take The Shot,"This is a fun, simple, sandbox puzzle game.  However, it is too simple, it doesn't really push any boundaries or have a whole lot of new exciting elements.  Basically you just dig deeper and deeper, and solve puzzles along the way.  It could be fun if you like puzzles (I'm not a big fan of them) but even then, the puzzles are way too easy, even for me.  Also the start of the game is extremely slow and tedious.  There isn't a whole lot of buyables and you spend way too much time digging.  As the game progresses you are able to dig faster to speed things up with a drill but the drill requires water so if you run out you have to go back to using your slow pickaxe.  And the ""town"" really only has 3 other people (robots) in it and 1 doesn't really do anything.  The chat can be witty but really there just isn't a whole lot there.  It's a pretty short game as it is.Overall this game could be worth getting if you like sandbox puzzles but only if you can get it for a really good price.  I don't know whether to give it a thumbs up or down because I'm pretty mixed so I'll just give it a thumbs up because it still seems to be a fairy well made game and because I'm nice."
,Recommended,252410,11196118,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,sixdolla,"Just finished this one up and really had a lot of fun. But then again I am very patient. For a good portion of this game after a few accomplishments earlier in game play you'll find yourself a little confused. After digging and digging and more digging I started wondering if I was missing something or even going in the right direction. There isn't much indication of where you are in your game play which is fine but you don't find yourself finding an exact direction(besides down) to follow. Not to spoil but I believe the ending was left wide open for an inevitable sequel which I will be more than happy to play and look forward to more defined ""levels"" and maybe the addition of more Bosses. The final battle for me was really satisfying because of it's nastalga boss battle feel and I really wished I had more of that throughout the game. Maybe even a Completion bar would be nice to have to know whether or not it would be worth the time and effort to go out Mining and have the satisfaction of knowing that every nook,cranny and stone has been turned for that 100% completion.solid 3.5/5 for me"
76561197963160605,Recommended,252410,11200819,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Twisted_Mentat,Get it on sale and enjoy the experience.I had no personal compulsion to replay it to get all the extra acchievements.Gameplay was good enough to keep me going over a weekend.Controls were suprisingly responsive.Enough enemy variety to keep things going until the end.Platforming/mining was typical of the genre.New abilities were gateways to progression.Upgrades were by the numbers.Visuals/style suited the setting/game.Plot was basic.
,Recommended,252410,10976186,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,chazzlabs,"This game is super fun!  If you have an itch for games that let you upgrade lots of things, this will scratch it."
,Recommended,252410,10981533,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Unnamed,very enjoyable game. it's all about digging and finding minerls.I wish it was longer.
,Recommended,252410,10982397,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Peck1987,A great game with a actually very good story. Got through it quick but had fun the entire time... didnt get stale.
76561198078008726,Recommended,252410,10963470,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LoveSoBlue,"An addictive game, if you like discovering stuff and going on adventures below earth then this game is a must play. Although the storyline was shorter than I expected."
76561198018664262,Recommended,252410,10965933,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tibax,Fun and easygoing
,Recommended,252410,10968529,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bean,Fun game
,Recommended,252410,10931588,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jjofnwa,Enjoyable digdug type game with about 6 hrs of gameplay.
76561198066227719,Recommended,252410,12871686,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,PaperHero64,alwyas have a teleaport ALWAYS
,Recommended,252410,12952183,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,mobtoh,"I can't stop playing , seems like I have to dig forever .8/10"
76561197970396550,Recommended,252410,12938976,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,PersonalNadir,Fantastic little gem. Compulsive and fun
,Recommended,252410,12612790,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Bureau of Dead Anime Girls,"7 hours of pure fun and 30 seconds of disapointing endingthe gameplay is really good, enemies keeping you on your toes, an outstanding upgrade system and colurful charactersand theres a cool half life 3 easter egg.the only thing thats bad about this game is the ending but I wont spoil it for you.  8/10"
76561197972259464,Recommended,252410,7944939,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Scooby4ever,"Love this game, its fun and addictive. Gfx and music is spot on and fits to the game nicely. I can recommend this game to everyone who likes to explore and progress with experince and level new tools etc. There are some small pussle elements involved as well."
,Recommended,252410,12810820,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Benny Lava,I want more games like this one.A real gem
76561198061407803,Recommended,252410,12917816,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,brkohler92,"This game is excellent! It's much like the game motherload on miniclip, but without the franti need for gasoline. There is also an indepth stroy and much more strategy, Overall this is an excellent buy!"
76561197995683063,Recommended,252410,12920387,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[+wDy+] Banacek,"The game was clearly inspired by the great old flash game Motherload (which is still available to play for free if you want an idea of what to expect).  The genre goes back even further to the 80s arcade classic Dig Dug.  The general idea is to dig deep into the earth and uncover treasures so you can return to the surface and buy fancy upgrades so you can dig even further.A few of the mechanics are different (in Motherload you used up ""fuel"" to fly which let you return to the surface, here the fuel provides lighting and you wall jump to go back up; Motherload's currency was just cash, here there's also special orbs needed for some upgrades).  The characters and art style are great.  My only frustration was some difficulty in landing jumps without slipping off things.  I wish you could stick the landing a bit more.  If you liked Motherload you'll like this."
76561198050772121,Recommended,252410,12834992,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Toms200,Become addicted.  lol
,Recommended,252410,7944577,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,b3Nign,"Take the feature of digging and exploring a world below from games like Minecraft, Terraria etc. and make a Robot Western Mining Singleplayer Adventure out of it and you have SteamWorld Dig. Adding this to the top10 Indies of the year as you won´t find a lot of games who take up something that has been done already and are still able to make it interesting again."
,Recommended,252410,7945139,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hawk,"Worth buying! Funny game , i don't know why i didn't find it earlier."
76561197987070858,Recommended,252410,7946004,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,UncutRaw,"This game was good, but short. The stoyline lasted about 4hrs for me, but I did not stick around farm all the upgrades. The level designs are nice and the puzzles are interesting but not too difficult. I was expecting more of a sandbox, but was still satisfied overall. I recommend a controller for this title."
76561197995809205,Recommended,252410,7949509,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,pheus,"If you have ever played one of those flash games that consists of going down a mineshaft and mining ore so that you can upgrade your miner to go further down the mineshaft etc etc then you know what the basic premise of this game is. A major improvement over the status quo is that you can pretty much plonk down a back to town teleporter anywhere which saves on a lot of boring backtracking which is an annoyance I have had playing other similar games.Steamworld Dig adds some very slick platforming and charming graphics to the formula and the mix results in very satisfying experience. The controls are tight and the gameplay doesn't get stale as additional abilities are added as your progress further below the earth (double jump, dash, super jump etc)My completion time for the game was 3:40 which, considering the price and the quality, I think was quite adequate for me to feel like I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,252410,7950368,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,The Most Smooth,If you want a really good game to kill 5-10 hours pick this up. Art style is really good and I liked the music all the way through. Really just a good game to grab.
,Recommended,252410,7950994,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Austin,"This game starts as a satisfying digging/exploration game and builds into additionally being a fun 2D platformer (reminding me of Megaman X). While about 4-5 hours long, it was a lot of fun and well worth the money! :)"
,Recommended,252410,8049360,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Chago,Riktigt kul!
,Recommended,252410,10201830,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ace T'Ken,"I originally played and beat this on the 3DS, but it plays just as well if not better here in high res. Definitely looks better...Anyway, solid and simple gameplay combined with a neat aesthetic make for a pretty solid package."
,Recommended,252410,10141207,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,fallgone36,"Have you ever wondered what Samus or a Belmont would be like with a pickaxe? Or how a steampunk-styled metroidvania game would be like? Well enter Image & Forms SteamWorld Dig! This game is a Dig Dug/Spelunky/Metroidvania-fans dream come true.You are Rusty, a steambot who inherited his uncle's mine and has to venture through it to see the mysteries below. On your way coming across, what I have lovingly dubbed ""Chozo Statues!"", to gain more powers. Thus allowing you access to previously inaccessible areas. In true metroidvania fashion...I could speak volumes about this title, but I'd rather just say ""BUY IT!"". Oh, and get the wonderful soundtrack with it.I did a blind Let's Play of the game, which will be up on YouTube shortly."
76561198037772389,Recommended,252410,12181549,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,El_Vanguarde_san,"A charming little Time-Waster of a Game, perfect for when you're stuck for what to play of an evening.as a steam-powered Gi##Robot you make your way down your Uncles mine in search of Fortune and Prosperity, and along the way, something more mysterious....I would say more but that's all there is in terms of story; what SWD eccels in is its almost addicting gameplay of making the Perfect Route Below the Surface and grabbing as much Spoils as you can, desperately ensuring you don't slip up and let that Rock fall on top of you, or worse; on top of that potentially high-yielding Ore.all-in-all, it's a game I definitely get a kick out of, and I hope you do as much as I would."
,Recommended,252410,12222606,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,M Joshua,"Die and you’ll have to Dark Souls your way back to your corpse to pick up everything you dropped. Also, you lose half of your pocket cash. So death really sucks, even if there’s not a lot of enemies.Don’t dig straight down. While you won’t get stuck at the bottom of a hole, you’ll miss anything on the left or right of the hole you dug. And that’s not just precious gems to sell and fund your tool upgrades, but also steambot generators that give you new powers; like a fancy fist-launcher, or the ability to steam-jump three times as high (at the cost of water, of course).Image & Form focused on gameplay to the exclusion of everything else, including marketing. By pouring all their talents into tactical mining and Metroideyness, they did all the marketing they needed to.Trust us. You’ll dig it.Read more:http://www.substance-tv.com/why-we-love-steamworld-dig/"
76561197970384883,Recommended,252410,12328944,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,FHDA,64%
,Recommended,252410,11320043,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,AddedChaos,"fun little digging game, more story than difficulty though imo only buy if on sale or they come out with more content."
76561198024799383,Recommended,252410,11325402,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,connor,crashes every time i launch the game so i cant review the game
76561198023927380,Recommended,252410,11391923,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Freeman_PhD,"Motherload with steampunk robots and awesome half life references.  The power-ups are fun and well paced and the platforming is done rather well.  Game isn't to challenging though, and there isn't much replay value other than finishing off some of the achievements."
,Recommended,252410,11376257,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Salve,A lot more fun than I thought it would be.A little shorter than I'd have liked though.I'd like sequel to be a little bigger with some more exploration and procedural levels to make mining a bit more interesting.
76561197983208413,Recommended,252410,11559582,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mark,Ok -ish. Could be better. If you liked Balderdash then you should like this. 6/10
,Recommended,252410,11136721,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,sirfalstaff44,"Definitely a very solid, enjoyable game, the gameplay a nice mix of Metroid and Terraria.  It introduces new gameplay mechanics flawlessly, right about the time when you've mastered the old ones and are looking for something new.Don't expect this game to last too long, though - it's only about 4-5 hours of gameplay (unless you're like me and need to explore every single nook and cranny, in which case expect it to clock in at 6 hours).  Sadly, there isn't much replayability here.My only really big complaint is the music.  Don't get me wrong, the music - what there is of it - is great.  But there's not enough.  I got pretty sick of listening to the same track over and over again while I was mining.  A little variety there is sorely missing.7/10"
,Recommended,252410,11172817,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Gravedigger,"One part mining, one part platforming, and one part western music. Fun game!"
,Recommended,252410,11175411,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Levi,"Fun game.  Not very hard, but somehow relaxing and fun to play."
,Recommended,252410,11147710,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Play-Jecture,"SteamWorld Dig possesses a unique combination of old-school progression and mastery, and the modern spelunking style of gameplay.  As you dig deeper, you overcome challenges in order to unlock new mechanics that will enable to go further and solve new problems.  It's a tight, satisfying progression structure which fits into a relatively short, but satisfying time.Post game challenges emphasize mastery, ranking the player on the speed of completion, as well as items collected and deaths endured.  It is perhaps the most approachable game of it's kind, though gaming veterans may find it to be shallow by comparison."
,Recommended,252410,10891703,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Veiled,TOO much fun!
,Recommended,252410,10892416,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DirkaMan,"slightly polished up flash game that gets old very quick, corpserunning sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥to"
,Recommended,252410,10893328,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Myrjala Raven,Awesome little 2D platformer.Really enjoyed my 10+ hours with this game :)
,Recommended,252410,10895245,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mat -aka- Jelly Mage,"While very simple, Steamworld Dig is a short but very enjoyable experience. Glad they put a boss fight at the end. While it describes itself as a MetroidVania, it lacks alot of the combat options most of these title have. It's mostly about digging down, but the exploration and puzzles are all very adequate. If it's on sale, you might want to jump on it if you are starved out on metroidvanias like I was."
76561198098560231,Recommended,252410,12364341,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,tellington84,"Steam World Dig is somewhat fun and good to pass time. The game is rather short overall, but given the mechanics and the way the game is set up that is probably preferable. Not much combat involved, but the exploration aspect is fun, lots of backtracking though. I also was kind of a little off put by not being able to jump and use the pick axe, but as you progress I can see the reasoning is to force you to think more strategically and use the light functions so you can tunnel an appropriate route. My only pointers would be go light on the purchase of disposable items."
,Recommended,252410,12395592,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Atlas Grinned,It's exactly what you think it is- an Arcade style mining game that has a unique story and a relaxing feel as you dig your way down through the layers and history.  I greatly enjoyed playing it through and would readily play any sequel.
,Recommended,252410,10978010,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mighty Pea,"Great game!Base mechanics are a mix between a Metroidvania and a mining game (think Terraria or dig dug), and the puzzley levels inbetween keep things interesting."
,Recommended,252410,12456108,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Psilocyn,Great gameplay and the graphics fit the game perfectly. I picked this up for a few dollars on sale and after playing it I would happily buy it at full price.
,Recommended,252410,11407814,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Strider,Do you like Metroid but only have Steam? Are you a sorry excuse of a misogynistic human being? Then play SteamWorld Dig! It's Metroid on a mining theme and everyone is a robot and therefore genderless.
,Recommended,252410,11477177,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,greenalpacasnapwithzenandcyrrene,I will never forget this game...around 10 years from now i willll probabaly look back at this game and play it again. I just finished it and goddamn i feel like crying.                                                                                                                                                       Amazing music too.                                                                                                                                                                                Definately a thumbs up on this one.                                                                                                                                                       Make another one please or at least dlc.
,Recommended,252410,11470184,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Danjal,"A great looking game with some dig dug feeling to it.  You are a robot set in the western style future whom is has gone to relcaim a forgotten mine.  As you progress you help the town by reciving newer items, and some times new business that will open up to help you dig further down.  Power ups and new abilities keep it fresh making this a great game that you can play for a few minutes to a few hours."
76561198088094197,Recommended,252410,11427736,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,frymillstrum,"The upgrade system is very cleverly balanced to keep you striving for that next bit of loot just enough to not seem tedious or drawn out, some players may feel themselves compelled to complete the game in one setting ( I did it in two 2 hour sittings) One major drawback is that the end boss is extremely weak sauce and I didn't notice any new game + type mode.9/10"
,Recommended,252410,21067858,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,juanMa2V,Dig-Dug with RPG and story elements.  Yes.
,Recommended,252410,21108616,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Eddi,short game but very beautiful and nice
76561198181735102,Recommended,252410,21879218,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Glass Cherry,"I had this game a while ago on the 3DS and decided to revisit it on steam.This game requires alot of grinding and the combat system isn't good, but it's ok.While i prefered this on the 3DS, i'd still recommend getting this if it's on a sale."
,Recommended,252410,13748189,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,King DJB III,"PROS:  This game has a good rewards system and sometimes you may feel surprised because of the enemies that come out of the rocks. Also I like the Drill! The drill helps you drill through rock faster and get where you need to go, it's a great power up in the game. Also this game carries alot of upgrades for your Pick Ax, Water Supply and much more. This is a good game for casual and serious gamers. The gameplay looks nice and cartoony. It also has few NPC's which could be a bad thing but it allows them to stand out and become a big part of the game.CONS: This game is short, more content would of been nice. It is also hard to know what to do next if there isn't a big red dot on the map. The upgrades in the game could of gotten more use but was neglected. After you beat the game, it is quite bland and unrewarding. Money is scares and can'tbe brought back which is intresting but hard when you know you need big upgrades for the Final Boss.INCONCLUSION: This game is nice but very short and would be better with more content. This game is for you if you want a nice story with decent gameplay. This game isn't for you if you want a long story and don't like limited use of upgrades.7.3/10"
,Recommended,252410,21677477,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,giljaysmith,"Dig Dug goes Metroid; I didn't get bored, and its length was just right to avoid that happening. I could've stood a liiiittle more variety, but the basic concept goes a fair way. Recommended."
76561198034700630,Recommended,252410,21683182,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Yallshortuns,"Steamworld dig was a strange but fun experience. Its not exactly a 2D platformer, because the precision and combat that take place take a backseat to a slower thoughtful game. The player must descend into the earth (hence ""Dig""), but the route must be strategic so that one can explore the cave, reach resources, and most critically, not carelessly dig oneself into a grave.The planning and excavation feels pleasantly fresh, but can often lead to frustration for those as impatient as myself when you realize you've gone too far, and may never be able to reach that critical resource beyond the reach of your pickaxe. On the other hand, it does make thoroughness feel all the more rewarding, especially considering that a majority of the upgrades have meaningful impacts on how you play the game and what you can accomplish.It isn't a game that I could binge, but all its clever ideas deserve to be appreciated between the aliens we've been gunning down for decades."
76561198215266123,Recommended,252410,30728613,Posted: 25 March,all,aylajean327,Good! Good! Game! Such a good game! I wish I had a Switch so I could play the sequel this summer!!!!!!!!!!
76561198019082744,Recommended,252410,21693174,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,scottykahn,"I thoroughly enjoyed every miute I spent on this game. it's not overly difficult, but still challenging enough to keep you interested throughout.The great soundtrack was a bonus.for the amount of hours you'll get out of this game, I'd recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198062095052,Recommended,252410,30734759,Posted: 25 March,all,redjay71,"Very fun and addicting. At 4.6 hours of playing, I think I'm getting closer to the end, but I don't want it to be over! I'm hoping for an expansion or sequel!"
,Recommended,252410,25649057,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Lux,"It's pretty fun, totally casual, slightly repetative but with replay value"
76561198229450212,Recommended,252410,25678079,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,neilnpet,"Waitied for this game to come on Sale, Well worth the £1.75. Kept me entertained for 2 days and I thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561198079438889,Recommended,252410,25628821,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MooGle,"Remember that one mining game, where you were on mars? Remember how addictive that was?Well, if you take that game, and threw it in to the metroidvania genre, and then made main character a Steampunk Robot... you would have this game.Very well put together, and one I don't regret playing. Did feel a little short, and that might be an issue for some. The quality of this game though is pretty high. If you are worried about price for the hours, wait for a sale, but if you aren't worried about something like that, go for it."
,Recommended,252410,14589564,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Farshad,"When I first played this, I was stuck at the very beginning due to a technical glitch.A year later of patches, I couldn't stop playing until I finished it.  Excellent game!!!"
,Recommended,252410,25495181,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Grandma Cookiebaker,solid character control and plenty of interesting places to explore. the only downside is that I would have played twice as much of it if given the chance!
76561197985660226,Recommended,252410,22648499,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GHammer,"A great little game.  You can beat it in 5-6 hours easy, but it is well worth it.  Fun, addictive and perfect to kill that little bit of spare time."
76561198008580076,Recommended,252410,22811300,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dakayrus,"Short, sweet and rather enjoyable."
76561198091682568,Recommended,252410,22842897,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DetectiveLizard,"I'll say that I like robots and that I like the wild west. It has both so I can't complain. Steamworld Dig is a great mining game with several influences such as Terarria, Megaman and Metroid. You play as Rusty who has inherited an old mine from his uncle. The main objective is to mine, collect ores, sell them and reach for the bottem of the mine. It was originally released on 3DS and the game is quite appealing to the eye, they managed to add quite a bit of colour for a mining game which is nice. The music is decent but I wouldn't say catchy. It more melds right into the game which is great as it adds to the game. The mining in the game is all about risk versus reward and it is done quite superbly.Overall I give it 8.5/10 Its fun, looks great and you can play the game in your own pace. If you're not a big fan of games like Minecraft or Terraria, you should at least give this a go because (for people like me) it has a story and an ending plus the game has a bit to offer."
,Recommended,252410,22669846,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FurrySnowflake,"Great game. Sadly, has no replay value."
,Recommended,252410,22670414,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hyhena,"This game is fun if you the same thing over and over again. The art style is lovely and the audio is good. The enemies are a pain in the neck, but that is the enemies's job. The final boss is super easy, so that is a let down. Money, stones. and gems are fun but the orbs are so limited that you have trouble picking an update or a teleporter.If you want to buy this game, buy it with a coupon or on sale.Rating: 6.7/10"
76561198126769928,Recommended,252410,30744748,Posted: 26 March,all,Mighty Joker XT,Amazing game!
76561198068234209,Recommended,252410,9762348,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Br0wNiie | CS.MONEY,"love this game, its so sick !"
76561198018308463,Recommended,252410,9903552,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,grimbrotherfrog,"Loved this game, lost about 3 days in killing it, worth every moment"
76561198097563510,Recommended,252410,10835555,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,volnuttc,"Very fun i'm starting my second go around. The upgrades and special abilities are spaced out in the game so you don't feel that your to powerful. A Great idea in the game was that every now and again you had to use your newly gained abilities to complete some parts in the game, sort of Zelda-ish."
,Recommended,252410,10839050,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dukkokun [ITA],"Great little gem, even if a little bit short.Fun game mechanic, fun characters, fun story.All in all, great value for money!"
,Recommended,252410,10840928,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,tsigo,"Cool little game, easiliy worth the $2.49 flash sale price."
,Recommended,252410,13188658,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,cristofari,"A amazing game, i really like the design and mechanical of the game. I simple loved ;) I recommend for all."
,Recommended,252410,16091394,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Chicken$#it,"Took about 8 hours to beat. Really enjoyed the game, mild in difficulty, but lots of fun."
,Recommended,252410,25105670,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"A fun low thought game. When I say low thought I don't mean that as something bad, more that SW Dig is a game you can play while listening to podcast or audiobook. The action is intuative, the story is minimal and the feedback loop is strong.  If you want an easy going game which you can chill to, SW Dig is a perfect title to play on a rainy afternoon"
76561198049953847,Recommended,252410,25918578,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dragon352,pretty good gamefairly short 5-10 hours in this game depending on how fast you gosome annoyances in it due to some lazyness but over all worth the small pricepart puzzlar part action and of course digging
,Recommended,252410,25927359,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Asdfghjkl,"Very fun and rewarding game. The game starts out slow at first, but it becomes very fun. Mining newer minerals and upgrading your stuff is extremely rewarding, However, the combat is lackluster, especially the final boss. While the final boss was fun, it needs some major improvements. Overall, the game is very fun and worth the buy."
,Recommended,252410,27234059,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,amishler,"Fun platforming in a quirky, charming setting. Easy to pick up, but hard to put down--at least for a few hours, at which point you'll have finished the game. However, I would rather have a good short game with no filler, like this one, than one that seems padded with useless content just for the sake of making it longer."
,Recommended,252410,25721266,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,emabece,"Steamworld Dig is a small jewel I enjoyed more and more the deeper I digged. You start as a young robot with a small pick-axe in your dead uncle's mine and you can almost only go down. Then improvements come with the minerals you collect and the digging-fever begins.I enjoyed the curve of adapting to its core gameplay, which is digging wisely, collecting a lot, solve some nice puzzles and knowing how to return to your dead body.The atmosphere and art style of Steamworld Dig is really beautiful. I wished Tumbleton was larger and could explore more caves. After finishing the game I just bought Steamworld Heist, I want more!*I've nominated this game in the Steam Awards*"
76561198060655745,Recommended,252410,27334604,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ErykDante,This is addictive! Amazing game!
76561198003215605,Recommended,252410,7959683,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,PjSlim,"This is very very entertaining game, I passed a few hours 'diggin' in this old fashioned style game, great fun"
,Recommended,252410,8350102,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Paullo,"If you can imagine the digging-for-minerals part from Minecraft made into a 2D platformer about cowboy robots, you'll be pretty close to what SteamWorld Dig is all about. You'll find yourself trading your finds in for better equipment, which in turn will allow you to dig for better prizes in a self-perpetuating loop of fun. Great stuff."
76561198040830762,Recommended,252410,8369492,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Amaterasu98,Extremly Fun Game. Very Metriod-Vania Esque and loads of fun with tons of replability. WORTH YOUR TIME AND MONEY :D
,Recommended,252410,8419683,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PsychaTron,"- Was lookin at this one for a bit, and I'm thoroughly satisfied. Well worth the price in my opinion.- It Runs / Plays / Looks / Feels / Sounds very good in my opinion.- Some replay value since the main levels are procedurally generated.- Unfortunately, I've heard it's short, and I don't want this one to end...- It would be really nice to see some DLC add-on content, and I hope there's a sequel...Maybe extra mines that are randomly generated and more baddies or something.- Overall it's a lot of fun and a good experience, happy mining. :)"
,Recommended,252410,8421786,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RobLoach,Great 2D platformer with RPG elements. I had a pleasent time playing through this one and would recommend this to anyone who recommends a good old school platformer.
,Recommended,252410,8411893,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,YR,Beat it very quickly but worth the price for what it was. Fun and not too difficult. Easy to pick up and put back down.
,Recommended,252410,8414266,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ti7aN,Metroid-vania crossed with Terraria....yes please!
76561198046723768,Recommended,252410,8416369,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Latewave,Fun little wierd metroid-y thing
76561197990762873,Recommended,252410,7928329,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,martin.edmaier,"Awesome game i cant stop playing, my son loves it too;)"
,Recommended,252410,7932526,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Befy,This game is 5 gameplay hours of pure fun. It's a steal for $10. It brings fun concepts from Metroid and Terraria and mixes it up with a western theme. I could listen to the intro theme which uses influences from Metroid's theme mixed with Sergio Leone all day. Looks great.
,Recommended,252410,7932957,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Bio-exorcist,Do YOU have an undiscovered OCD related to digging for stuff? Play this game and find out!
76561198087122327,Recommended,252410,7933173,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,GOOM GOOM,\m/
76561198030760185,Recommended,252410,7934268,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Gribbish,"Cute, steam-punk/western exploration (mining) style game.  Enjoying it so far (only about 2.5 hours into the plotline, but having fun) :)"
,Recommended,252410,7934359,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"Short review :http://steamcommunity.com/app/252410/discussions/0/666828126503381621/TL:DR - Fun game, worth the price, stays fresh and is reccomended for any kind of player :)"
76561197999040876,Recommended,252410,7934761,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Necrosyther,"If you enjoyed playing games like Motherlode and Terraria, youll love this"
,Recommended,252410,7935853,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Kasciorian,"This game reminds me when I would come home from school and sit down and play Motherload onMiniclip.comfor hours - This game is like that but so much better; way better graphics just as much if not more fun and it has a sort of mineshaft thing which I guess is like a dungeon of sorts which is what was missing from Motherload so it didn’t get boring after a few hours. It is a very well made game, good and simple concept which is to go down and mine for resources so you can upgrade your gear so you can mine more - it has a good storyline which is one of the things that Motherload needed to improve on.Overall the game is brilliantly made and a lot of fun.I would recommend this to anyone who was a fan of Motherload or enjoyed it but felt that it needed a little more."
76561198018790983,Recommended,252410,8178212,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,kraxripper,"SteamWorld Dig is gloriously fun. If you enjoyed Motherload, Minecraft or Terraria, you'll probably love this. And it even has a story, and it's not bad, and the challenges are hard.Have fun :)"
,Recommended,252410,7935986,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,BiCE,"Being a well praised 3DS game, i figured i'd give it a try....an hour later....MUST....KEEP.....DIGGING!!"
,Recommended,252410,7936993,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ShaKE,"This game in a nutshell:- Super creative- Challenging- Simple idea, yet very effective- Awesome art styleFantastic game. Highly Recommend :)"
,Recommended,252410,7937137,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,p00k,So . . . addicted. Can't . . . sleep.
,Recommended,252410,7937492,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hightizz,"This was a fun game for me, I played it from start to finish in about 5 and a half hours. It is worth the money at this sale price of $7.99."
76561198044032740,Recommended,252410,7938990,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Randy Bobandy,Yes! it's a very interesting and requires some strategies as well!
,Recommended,252410,7934740,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ivansword,"Do not let my short time with this version mislead you; whereas, I have destroyed the 3DS version of this game and found myself surprisingly hooked for hours.  I was pleasantly surprised to notice this on sale today, and purchased it immediately - it's that good.  After only 15 minute on the Steam/PC version, rest assured, the transition is everything it should be.  Here's an actual review of the game itself.  Last, I apologize now for spelling, grammatical, or contextual errors, i.e., I am typing quickly in a dark room~This game is fresh, imaginitive, visually stylish, and is easy to pickup, but requires elements of strategy as you dig and rewards you with progress often.  It delivers a perfect balance; whereas, it is far from super easy, though never hits impossibile or the bang your head against the wall to end it all 'frustration rage' (we've all seen this, be it controllers, walls, friends, etc).  You start casually, but there are no long drawn out tutorials, cut scenses, or credits.  Shorrtly after hitting the start button, you are playing - a feature that is more uncommon than is often noted.  Its apparent almost immediately that the game possesses visually asthetic fluidity.   As you continue to explore, the pacing set by the game is consistently maitained and develops respective to the depths you traverse, and keeps you balanced by means of progressive upgrades, powerups, the twon's growth, purchasable items, and increased value of the loot you find. This game constantly rewards you and creates the sense of wanting to play just a bit longer.  I found myself setting aside some of lifes responaibilities simply because I enjoyed the time I spent playing, e.g., foolhardily making the wife wait longer than any wife prefers to wait...multiple times (Protip: AVOID this mistake).  Additionally, the balance feels very natural and honestly has a rare bit of brillance that you never really think about, probably because it does play so well.  The time you spend jmping through the air, punching, digging, upgrading your items, treking back to town, while thinking about how youre going to get all the way back to the pipe/teleporter as you make some questionable wall jumps never really got old; rather, it did feel as though you accomplished and understand the game more.  As the game tosses new dynamics this feeling continued to evolve... and I found myself enjoying it as I evolved as a player.  Despite the hollistic theme of digging, digging, digging, the gameplay never really got old.  It all comes together in a package that delivers an experience that really ends up complimeting the multiple componets of its own gameplay; therfore, bringing itself together delivering syle, balance, exploration, while provinding a (gamer's) sense of accomplishment, excitment, and fun -> a feeling often associated with video games; however, is all too often replaced with a sense of obligation to finish simply becasue we started or have put so much into it.  This gam never created a sense of obligation, and if your a gamer you know the feeling I am referring to.  This game transcends that dynamic and sccomplishes the ever more difficult task of creating the fundemtntial elements of enjoyment.  This game is appropriate for gamers of all ages, styles, and skill level(s).  The constant rewards will develop younger players, yet can offer old school gamers (the one's who grew up on arcades/atari/nes/collecovison) an experience that is a often more difficult to find in a game.  Buy it.  You will literally find yourself digging in~"
,Recommended,252410,7939682,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,wildwind,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ dont over spend on teleports
,Recommended,252410,7943484,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Argentum,"Really enjoyable so far, and while I had never heard of the game prior to news of it first breaking on game sites about its port over to PC, I can absolutely see why this garnered so much attention and love from review sites for the DS.  Extremely simple and very entertaining"
,Recommended,252410,7943567,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,dmartin,the game is really fun if you want to do a quickie game here and there. I recommend this game to casual and hard core gamers alike.
76561197993225989,Recommended,252410,8025428,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Byterunner,"The low price pulled me in, the engaging gameplay kept me coming back."
76561198039352724,Recommended,252410,10870410,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KaosRush,"If you like mining , upgrading and adventure , you will surelly enjoy this game."
76561198070016371,Recommended,252410,30742274,Posted: 25 March,all,Monndo89,"I had never heard of this game or the company until 2 days ago,  I clicked on the Specials tab on my Steam store page and was scrolling through the pages and saw this game on sale.  This game is an absolute gem and  I can't wait for the sequel to drop.  You can blow through it pretty quick, took me about 7 and a half hours total including screwing around just mining the jewels.  Definitely a fun time killer and it will leave you wanting to go back."
,Recommended,252410,30755043,Posted: 26 March,all,BijiKembar,"a really good game, the only thing that i complaining is it's a short game...I've been playing it on my 3ds, but now I can finish it with 100% achievment on steam (try Quicker Than a Tumbleweed, Just Like Real Life, and Sequence Breaker achievment, for those who want to challange himself)a MUST play game (and with this -75% discount, what you're waiting for)"
,Recommended,252410,22461722,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Itoko,mining simulator.
76561198076211895,Recommended,252410,23784089,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CakeBaconSale,"I really enjoyed playing this game. Just digging through the mine, killing time and killing monters as well. I bought this because its only $2.50 since its summer sale. Worth the money i must say!Nice game mechanics, simple controls, nice story, great animation. This is why i love buying indie games because you will find a GEM like this one (yes, pun intended) if you don't have this game yet then get it."
76561197982546144,Recommended,252410,27106751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kickflipperau,"A fun game to sink some time into, definitly recommend if you're a dig dug fan."
76561198108615417,Recommended,252410,27325998,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KING DADDLE DINGO,Did you ever play motherload on miniclip but was unsatisfied by the fact that the game was crap. This is like motherload except its acctually good.
,Recommended,252410,27169632,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChuckLee,Fun to play. For platformers lovers
76561198001800678,Recommended,252410,26712040,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[Dewgong] Vidd,"A very addictive game that never feels like a grind. I was genuinely surprised at how fun it was and the constant sense of progress and achievement is probably the reason it's also pretty short. It's never a grind and it never feels like you're wasting your time collecting meaningless upgrades.I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys games where you explore, collect resources and collect power-ups. Sort of like Metroid but it's up to you really how many resources you want to collect and what upgrades to prioritise."
76561198043475901,Recommended,252410,26905399,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kitty Pet,"The game is fun and for 3 hours of pure gameplay, it was one of the best time I spend in a video game"
76561198190729591,Recommended,252410,27862625,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ttcmy,Fun never stop digging.
,Recommended,252410,27563159,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rickypeter,"Very enjoyable , played thru game streaming on my living room tv via the mad catz mojo android box & controller. get it while its on sale!!!"
76561198030326907,Recommended,252410,15210739,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Howard Phillips Lovecraft,"For first, this game looks A-W-E-S-O-M-E!Like, it is a feast for my eyes, even just lookin' to the game is entertaining for me. +1 from there.The mechanics of the game is really cool, Terrarria-Minecraft like mining, and then comes the fun part, platform. It is really cool and enjoyable but don't expect much more. +1 indeed.And since your going to mine, you must be careful and plan every step you'll make. As you go deeper you must set a road for you back there to climb back up, there are some thingys for you to make your journey easy but -If you are dumb like me- you can fail easily. And if you fail, you'll be regenerate outside of the mine with losing all your stuff. It's kinda rough-like and It's very very cool adds tansion to the game. Another +1.And It's wild west themed! I like wild west themed games and this a huge +1 for me.But I can't play this game so long, because of my stupid claustrophobia :( But if you don't have that, you can pretend you never read this part of the review.So there is no cons that I can think of about this game but I can surely say if you don't like games like Terrarria just simply don't ""waste"" your precious bucks. But in the other case, this game is a gem for who like Terrarria.(C'mooon noow! Your friends wasn't aware of this gem before you recommended it to them!!)"
76561197968311807,Recommended,252410,27841997,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C. Lukas,The Game is very simple.I like the platform game a lot. It brings a lot of fun to me.Only it is too short to play.
76561198202012396,Recommended,252410,24049104,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PiJen75,"I'm a sucker for mining games like this.My only complaint is that it's a bit too platformy at times, and some of the areas require precise jumping, which I don't really enjoy."
76561198281300327,Recommended,252410,26369511,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sandormezocsati,"fun platform, looks great visually. You dig, you upgrade, you fight enemies, you find new ares, it all works great!gameplay 8.5/10graphics 9/10story 7/10sounds 7/10characters 7/10"
76561198170124345,Recommended,252410,25959338,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheRealCatino1602,"Lately, I've been compulsively buying games that I've seen selling for cheap, in retrospective kind of a dumb thing to do because I now have little over 10 games that I havent finished. This game was one of those, I bought it because it was on a sale, and so far it's been the only one I've finished. Probably the best 2.5 bucks I've spent in a while. Great fun, a bit on the short and easy side, but should be a challenge for speedrunners. 8/10 would have liked a bit more replayability and/or more content, but for 2.5 to  10 bucks its a win win situation. Get this game if you like Metroidvania/ Upgrade centric games, great fun, great graphics, good game overall"
76561198274266261,Recommended,252410,24386609,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DonRIF,"Too fun, too short."
,Recommended,252410,24437558,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,rollinkunz,"Fun little game! Don't expect too much from it and you will be quite pleased.There are some slight Metroidvania (gear-gate) mechanics, but nothing too deep character-building-wise.I took my time with my playthrough, so it IS a bit short. I mostly played it to get some backstory for Steamworld Heist, which is   A M A Z I N G !"
,Recommended,252410,12888647,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ishvii,"I loved this game. Great controls, addictive mining and upgrading, great design. If you're a fan of mining games this is probably one of the best I've played."
76561198040688613,Recommended,252410,24107859,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Raging Glory,"SteamWorld Dig is a pretty good game for the person who is ok with repetition. Graphic are simple and vibrant, music is fair sound fx are fair aswell. I enjoyed playing the game and wasn't disappointed it was a good time killer, if your looking for one. But don't expect excitement around every corner this game stays the same taste all the way through. A reasonable price to pick it up for is 5$ or less, which is most sales."
76561198210340347,Recommended,252410,24108113,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ParryBlossom,"It may remind you Minecraft or Terreria and such but the only thing it has in common is that you dig stuff. It's a 7-8 hour platformer game with a linear story to play through.The game consists of three parts. The town where you will buy equipment, sell ores and get/return quests to progress the story. You can also fill your light meter here. Main area where there are ores hidden around the world and some enemies. And the last one which are the caves. These are more like traditional platformer levels with hidden paths that reward you with valuable items.Overall it's a really fun game and I recommend it."
76561198042470465,Recommended,252410,23964296,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,robert.andersonjr40,Very enjoyable game
,Recommended,252410,24124551,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Dr Funfrock, Esq.","I've played a few of these digger type games in my day. The action platforming elements of SteamWorld Dig elevate it above the rest, though it still manages to be a relaxing experience for the most part. SteamWorld dig is short and sweet, and doesn't outstay its welcome."
,Recommended,252410,26057671,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pizzasoda,fun short to the point exploration based game. got it when on sale. week worth of fun content. cant say it is worth a buy when you consider the playime at full price but definitally fun. if you arent short on cash his game wont disapoint.
,Recommended,252410,28575979,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gezquester,"Wow! This was a surprise, It's awesome! I just wish it was longer. It's fun, it's funny, a tad tricky at times, and it's got a cool story. I would say it's something to pass the time in between the big AAA type games, but it's also pretty good in it's own right! I'd say it's worth the base price but it's also a nice little gem to pick up during one of the big yearly steam sales.Get it!"
76561198196514867,Recommended,252410,28254740,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,angotti81,"A little on the short side, but every aspect of the game was very well executed.  So rather than list all the pros and cons, I'll just say it is a great engaging game that has all the polish of a non indie game.  I only got frustrated by the lantern aspect, but the rest was great.  Who knew digging could be so fun? Highly recommended.  9/10"
,Recommended,252410,28631971,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,nivertius,"Fun game. Learned through play, not much grind, difficulty ramp is just right."
,Recommended,252410,28632046,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pulilith,"Addictive & fun, a great way to spend a weekend.12/10 would become diggy robot again."
76561198026565659,Recommended,252410,8264665,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ProPain,"Fun game, hard to describe. Sort of terraria meets adventure/Zelda light."
,Recommended,252410,23343147,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,☢EBG7☢,One of my first games that i bought from steam and first game that i have played through on computer. Good game for kids and fun
,Recommended,252410,23639384,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,UltrabotUltimus,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUbGJx0O9GsI do recommend first of all to anyone who may play this game, but I do suggest buying this game on a sale day, because one of the few problems I found with the game is that it is short for its pricing.BUT I enjoyed the mechanics of platforming in a 2D enviroment but with the possiblity of destroying the grounds around you. It has some humor that I find quite charming, and some of the jokes are obvious but I smiled when some of them happen.NOW there are some issues I did have such as some characters not being as well... memorable or as lasting to me, so I didn't feel to attached to them. But some were pretty funny and nice to talk to but there weren't that many good moments that allowed me to get to know them better. Maybe if the Saloon in town was a place you could hang out with all of them maybe that could have maybe them more memorable.But overall I do suggest playing this at some point it is very great in my opinion, I just think you should get it cheaper."
,Recommended,252410,23629624,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"Remniscant of games like 'Digger'  and it's offspring, this light puzzle-tinted digging game will keep you entertained, at least for a few (3-4) hours. Not sure if it was worth the price at initial purchase, though."
76561198280629586,Recommended,252410,30753246,Posted: 26 March,all,EvilAsh999,Amazing game ;D but too short :( there should be a hard mode and a speedrun mode :/
76561198077450816,Recommended,252410,22388850,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,King of the jungle,Looooooove this game. Not very long but very worth it. Didn't expect this good of a story from this kind of a game.
76561198024999564,Recommended,252410,22478986,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Gilgoroth,"Fun, but very short. Only a couple hours of gameplay."
76561197979888003,Recommended,252410,22705315,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,prekøg,"Good game, worth a buy."
76561198126552642,Recommended,252410,22526359,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Art3mis,"This game was working great until my computer updated itself to Windows 10! :( Now the game will not open at all. Does anyone know if there is a patch coming for this problem, or if there is another solution?"
76561198150270687,Recommended,252410,22541896,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheGoldenGamer,this game was amazing!! :) Finished in 7 hours
76561198257365479,Recommended,252410,22570010,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,hobueesel,"Great casual game, it's quite short though and replayability is not it's strong side so better buy it when it's on a sale."
76561198046190088,Recommended,252410,21263120,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,wingzero5555,Ok so full disclosure I haven't played this game fully on steam but have recently purchased on xbox and racked up about 15 hours on xbox which should go to show you how great this game. Overall your playing as a robot with other robots trying to revive a town and find what your uncle was working on. Overall the story gets lost really. All you need to know is that you dig and along the way you pick up some sci fi powerups your uncle found and try to figure what is buried down there. In reality if you got the mineral radar before hand this game would be signifigantly shorter as there are only 3 worlds and is my one big complaint about this game because it is so fun I wanted to keep on playing but seeing as this developer only has one game I hope the capital they gain from this game will allow them to make longer games in the future. Overall the mining is where it is at as you can dig side to sidse or down but you gotta be careful because you can't dig upwards easily or at all in some places if you screw up and you can't get the exact angle. You carry a latern which goes by 60 second intervals so you gotta refill it by going to the surface and you can only carry so many minerals. Refilling your minerals will give you money to buy upgrades and passing certain thresholds allows more people to come to town and purchase better upgrade.Again this game would be a lot shorter and I think the developer realized the mineral radar at the very end. You are given a mini map but your not able to view the whole thing only what your currently right by which can be annoying but it does shows you entrances to places. Honestly for a first game this is very good and definitly worth your purchase. What I hope to see the developer do is expand on this for a possible sequel. Its much like the first portal its very short and leaves you wanting more.  My only other word of caution to the developer is that because minerals don't respawn the only way to heal yourself is money or by farming enemies which can be tedious and dying doesn't refill your health fully. Granted they give you a wide burth but still.  I would pick this up on sale its well worth it
,Recommended,252410,30705863,Posted: 24 March,all,SoUnDoLe,"A metroidvania styled game with a resource gathering twist. Beautifully addictive with a campaign that doesn't outlast its welcome. All aspects of presentation were great - the art and music are spectacular, and controls feel tight and responsive. I had some minor frustrations with not being able to head back to town to sell stuff as often as I would have liked, but this was a slight inconvenience in an otherwise very fun game."
,Recommended,252410,21541625,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,troy4u,Simply amazing little game. It's metroid in the wild west. Awesome graphics and just so much fun.This is a must buy.
76561198056885943,Recommended,252410,20390393,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kizer5.red,"Digging a hole, digging a hole.Dig the hole, but be careful as where and how you dig may leave you trapped or cut you off from resources.Kind of like an exploration and platform game, better then minecraft."
,Recommended,252410,20551664,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,zzoid,"This game is truely awesome the music is great, the gameplay is even better. This game is everything I wanted and more you will not be disapointed in this game."
,Recommended,252410,20713669,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Knight Argent,"Wow.  A tight, well-crafted mixup of DigDug, Lode Runner, and Castlevania with a cute aesthetic and a great sense of humor.  A few hours well spent."
76561198112936760,Recommended,252410,30682446,Posted: 23 March,all,*****id,"Fun, if somewhat repetitive spelunking game. Can surely be completed on a single day if you have the dedication.Be prepared for a lot of button spamming. This game makes me glad I have a Steam controller. If you have one, set one of the triggers to spam the mining button (via toggle activator). Makes for more relaxed playing sessions."
76561198105967668,Recommended,252410,13959154,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CrumblyNeptune,i love this game so awsome
,Recommended,252410,15335439,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Wildman,"Fun, simple, and short"
76561198083968814,Recommended,252410,30503008,Posted: 13 March,all,Sir Cum Bucket,"It took my 4 hours to complete at the start I wasnt even aware that it would have missions kinda thought it was A reskin of Motherload, I was wrong.Its like Motherload but there is alot more to doChallenges  - there are a few mini mine kinda things in different areas throughout the game that do have some challengeUnlocks       - You can unlock loads of stuff new pick axe, drill, bags etcAreas          - A few areas with different themes to them  at certain depths - all pretty nice offering new enemys and minerals to mineIt was alot of fun mining away at the end of my playful it said I died ""91"" times idk think the counter could be broke -_-Since I completed it in 4 hours and it cost £7 kinda feel like maybe wait for a sale but I am happy with it either wayDislike -The only thing I didnt like was the Boss Voice. Its not nice to listen to, like a screech :/  also when it kills you it takes like 10 seconds to get back there and you need to listen to him speak again although you can kinda skip it but idk why if makes you run pass some useless stuff that is going to hit you unless you stop before (It becomes frustrating)"
76561198019612900,Recommended,252410,15051922,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,overmink,"This Game is a good choice for everyone :)Nice graphics, nice sound... you can get addictedVery Nice..."
76561198060724024,Not Recommended,252410,15076277,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hiroru,"Other reviews and even the description say this game is very Metroidvania-like.  This is only true TO A POINT.  I bought the game thinking I'd be treated to a good story, and some tight platforming and exploration.  I was wrong.  With only a limited time for each foray into the dark, I find myself having to return to the surface before I can even start having any fun.The combat is less then stellar, and limited item space means it even takes forever to get upgrades.  Not that the upgrades themselves seem to do much.It's a great game at doing what it does, but not at what it's described as doing.  I honestly feel cheated out of my money..."
,Recommended,252410,15066210,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Pappa Gunther,"In short, metroid meets terraria. This is a game about exploration, puzzles and mining. To be honest it is quite a mediocre experience. Though hardcore mining fans find it addictive. It is certainly not for my taste, but perhaps for your's?On a side note. Game had problems detecting my xbox 360 controller. This is easily solved by downloading certain software. Though if you prefer to play it with keyboard & mouse. I'm certain you will not find the default key bindings enjoyable. Fully customizable key mapping is also missing in the game options meniu. Feels like devs are a bunch of console plebs who never played PC games before. Though you can fix the controls by navigating to %User%/Documents/My games/SteamWorld Dig/Controls."
,Recommended,252410,14658220,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mindplague,Brilliant title!! Think dig-dug mashed with simple RPG elements. I never felt I was grinding in the game. Must play for everyone. Exploration is truely rewarding!
,Recommended,252410,14688919,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Fleppie,Really great metroidvania style game. Plays great!
,Recommended,252410,28705624,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,niet3sche77,"RECOMMENDATION: BUY ON SALE.TIME TO COMPLETE: 10 hours.Neat game.Took me about ten hours of play-time to crack this. Gamplay is fun, yet linear. I am a huge Metroidvania fan, and I know it's brought up in these kinds of queues, and I like the game, but want to make certain this linearity is known.To me, this game was worth every penny. Note that I bought this under the Winter Sale, so I got it at a discount.THE GOOD:- Familiar-yet-interesting main mechanic (Dig Dug player here);- Secrets to find! (I haven't found them all, but most AFAIK);- Two-resource based upgrade system, as well as new equipment you can strap on (permanently) as you come across it;- Interesting final ""boss fight;""- Reasonable ""fast-travel""-type system of bypassing large areas of explored caverns;- Good movement options ultimately:wall-jumping, wall-sliding, double-jumping, steam-jumping, nice!;- Familiar-yet-different all the way around.THE BAD:- Floaty, floaty, floaty. It feels like this platformer suffers from the same issue Teslagrad (and other games) do: jumping is somewhat weird. It feels like the Unity Game Engine is in use. Gravity feels slightly weird and jumping gets squirrelly, but, again, I think this is a tool-selection problem rather than an explicit design problem. Had this been written with its own 2D engine--ala Spelunky--it would be fantastic.THE ODD:- I was left wondering throughout most of the game-play if I would have to conserve resourcesnope, go nutsor not. This set up a low-level anxiety, but that's typical as I try to optimize wherever I go. This is something that I have brought to the game;- The controls. Again, very fiddly and floaty when trying to do platformer-y things. If this game were remade with its own physics engine, I would buy it again and play the hell out of that one. As it stands, ten hours of gameplay, and some clean-up play to get every last Steam achievement, is about all I can handle."
76561198204339899,Recommended,252410,28640241,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lilac,this game is the best digging simulateor scince shovel knight (delightfuly short to)
,Recommended,252410,28672604,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dio,"Excellent game and great concept. Just wish it was longer. They should have added a few areas to have fun in once you got all the powerups. You can get everything in 4 hours. Got it on sale and was well worth it. Wouldn't pay more though, since it doesn't have much replay value."
,Recommended,252410,28700825,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dragon,"Wasn't a long game, but I had a lot of fun! Can't really go wrong pickaxing everyone <3"
,Recommended,252410,28682787,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,primuslune,A cute little time killer game. Especially suitable for low-end PCs like my laptop for 'work'.
,Recommended,252410,28656942,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,geodekl,"Nice little explore-and-mine game. Nice graphics, easy interface, good for casual gaming or for younger players."
,Recommended,252410,29075734,Posted: 6 January,all,ninslayer,"really nice little game. its not very long, i would have played more :P but the graphics are really well made and its really addictive. i got the game on sale, i would not pay 10$ for that short of a game tho."
,Recommended,252410,28753526,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cece,"Addictive game, partially similar to boulder dash"
76561198258310823,Recommended,252410,28967446,Posted: 2 January,all,blizzardblast101,"Good overall game, but a little short, just like this review."
76561198168917398,Recommended,252410,29041461,Posted: 5 January,all,Codex,"If you get it for 7.00$ or under than you get your moneys worth. At certain points in the game it feels repetitive, but u usually discover new things around the time it does. Gameplay was fun, music was great, decent amount of enemies, one boss, and pretty good story that left some stuff to your mind like the old game it is, back when there were better stories in video games in general. If you want to blow past the game it would take you around 2 hours. If you wanted to discover everything there is to discover it would probably take you around 7 hours. I enjoyed it and if you like platformers you probably will too."
76561198050259606,Recommended,252410,31969480,Posted: 26 May,all,Rikardo,"Great music and charming visuals.Quite addictive game. You´re constantly tempted to play just a few more minutes to upgrade one of your tools or abilitites.Could have been a bit longer, but for the prize it´s just fine."
,Recommended,252410,32156596,Posted: 3 June,all,Lyceaos,i really hope the sequal comes to pc
76561197983757969,Recommended,252410,32168075,Posted: 3 June,all,Fisher83,Fun Game.  Short but fun.
76561198091114262,Recommended,252410,31922507,Posted: 23 May,all,SK RaZoR,"Its not the first game of its kind.The trailer has to do many jump cuts and shinanigans because, unless you dress it up a little the core activity can come across as boring on video.It is the polish the makes all the differance.If like digging for around 10 hours - you'll probably like it.If you are not sure go see a bit of gameplay on youtube as the trailer can seem more action packed than the game is."
,Recommended,252410,33292609,Posted: 5 July,all,wyulf,"the premise of steamworld dig couldnt be any simpler. dig, and keep digging, and get as far down as you can. all the while, upgrading your tools and trinkets to help you dig faster, and survive longer. yet, for it's simplicity, there's so much to do in the game. from planning your tunnels, to working out simple puzzles in the caves, it's all a fun little adventure.the game itself however, can be quite short, as there are only really 3 areas, and if you're so inclined, you could rush through it all in 2-3 hours. of course, there's still a good replayability factor, as the layout of the maps would differ in each run.overall, it's a really fun game, with nicely detailed graphics, in the western motif, and to go with it, a well done soundtrack too. could keep you entertained at least for a good 8-10 hours or more."
,Recommended,252410,33445513,Posted: 10 July,all,limelight1210,"If Dig Dug were made today this would be it.You can buy lots of upgrades, weapons and tools to get the job done. Plus you get to kill stuff too of course.Took me about 5 hours to beat. Never felt frustrated or confused about what to do next. Surprisingly though, I did feel really relaxed while playing this game too."
,Recommended,252410,32686189,Posted: 23 June,all,OXXO,"Well just finished this game 100% all secrets all orbs all money, I have always loved metroidvania games ever since my first metroidvania game which was actually Castlevania Symphony of the Night. So I thought I would give this a chance since it has the tag, well the game starts off really slow and the digging part may be confusing at first but after the first 30 minutes I started to get the hang of it. This game is somewhat short and after I got to the 3rd world since there are only 3 worlds it started to get very hard until you get a powerup a little later on then everything is easy. I guess it can be called a metroidvania with many digging included.Also I love the fact that this game starts in the wild west I love anything with wild west put on it. Well for my scoreGraphics:   7/10 Nice but not the bestMusic:       7/10 Very repetitive and always the same tune for each level but at least it isn't a tedious tune, very wildwestSound:      6/10 Nice sound effects but not much varietyControls:   10/10 Very tight controls for a platformerStory:        7/10 It's about a nephew that goes in search of his uncle just to find him dead and start a quest of revengeGameplay: 8/10 It's a nice approach to digging and platforming a very short game but with quality and only 1 boss fight :/OVERALL SCORE 7.5/10  Although a very nice game it lacks of more boss fights and maybe a couple more levels. At least it has variety on the monsters fought but still doesn't make for the lack of boss fights for each world. It's a short game that could probably be finished in 3 hours or less if just speedrunning through everything. Music and sounds are very old west kind but not really amazing and can be repetitive at times but not tedious. Story is awkward but at least it's better than others, controls are very responsive and graphics while not the best are good. What hurts this game mostly is the lack of boss fights and a very short game overall but although it is short it has lots of quality. With more lenght and more boss fights this game would easily be right up there with SOTN and Guacamelee but that is not the case. I will recommend this game however just because it's really good and different."
76561198205918764,Recommended,252410,32683299,Posted: 23 June,all,Toejammer001,"Good little game, not too long, doesn't overstay its welcome . I dig it."
76561198355048556,Recommended,252410,32776754,Posted: 25 June,all,jessica.animation04,"The game wasn't what I was expecting, but it was still a lot of fun."
76561198098270153,Recommended,252410,32898543,Posted: 27 June,all,noahcasper,It's not the kind of game that you can just play for hours and hours consecutively (or at least you probably shouldn't).It's simple. A bit short. Has some fun parts and some boring parts.
,Recommended,252410,32911121,Posted: 27 June,all,SausageQueen,wheres our mobile version im going on strike
,Recommended,252410,32833472,Posted: 26 June,all,doterobcn,"Surprisingly good game. Too short, I finished the story in a bit over 5hs. I got it on Sale and for me it's worth it, full price might be too much for the amount of hours and the lack of replayability. Hope the sequel is better!"
,Recommended,252410,29235610,Posted: 13 January,all,Kubik,Everything about this game is great.  One of my favorites in my Steam library!
,Recommended,252410,31069566,Posted: 10 April,all,gusdp,Mining-type game that it is super fun to play. Graphics are beautiful and game play is superb. I wish there was a sequel with the same type of gameplay. Highly recommended.
76561198027269109,Recommended,252410,29285955,Posted: 15 January,all,CR Wolfe,Extremely addictive 2D action platformer. Figured I'd give it a try on a day off and ended up playing seven hours straight. I did get it during one of Steam's massive sales when it was 50% off but I would recommend getting it even at full price.
,Recommended,252410,30129109,Posted: 23 February,all,dorimani,"SteamWorld is just fun! Cool gameplay, graphics, look and feel. Easy and smooth, yet fun and engaging. We need more games like this."
,Recommended,252410,12412925,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Alchemyprime,"I have beaten this game multiple times, on both the 3DS and on Steam. It is a fantastic platformer, and the mining element means no two playthroughs will be the same. I cannot recommend this game enough.This game is even the (currently) most popular series of videos I've uploaded to YouTube.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrZB28Nnp4tCUUHJMnAi0moGdnX4f6rtSIt's just a fantastic game to play and enjoy."
76561198035826989,Recommended,252410,29649395,Posted: 2 February,all,Korkrag,"Very addictive, there's only one major flaw with it that I can think of (Other than the painfully hard achievements). The creator needs to add DLC that allows to to use the hats you've collected in Steamworld Heist. We need hat Variety!!!"
,Recommended,252410,29616684,Posted: 31 January,all,DatDudeCorks,"A fun little mine digging action platformerYEA!Controls are tightLooks decent for as 3DS portPerfect length, doesn't over stay its welcomeMEH!Wish there was an ability that you could hit blocks while sliding downCould of used some minibossesExpect lots of backtracking to redo pathsBLEH!Some areas where you die can be frustrating due to the lack of water pools to refillWish you could buy 1 use teleporters for money instead of permants for orbsEnemies are easily dispatchable, becoming just something in the wayHow it Runs:Runs perfect with no issuesThe Gist:The name of the game is that you go around mining ore and gems out of an old desert town's mine. As you progress deeper and deeper you earn new abilities and equipment. Along the way you find optional caves that offer a vartiey of challenges for more loot.There are a few enemies to dispatch but nothing is any where near an issue to cause alarm.Last boss was quite fun though."
,Recommended,252410,29402698,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Steamworld Dig has fantastic art, a fitting soundtrack, charming characters, and strangely addicting gameplay. I only wish it was longer!"
76561197993577540,Recommended,252410,33872661,Posted: 28 July,all,Sludgeman,"Good Game, does exactly what it says on the tin. Fun, satisfying, built on easy, self-evident mechanics that enough time to master to be challenging without ever coming close to frustrating, and filled with secret zones to ferret out for appropriate rewards. If you're looking for a good, solid platforming exploration game this is the game for you. Also the art style and setting are both Very Charming."
76561198055609326,Recommended,252410,10955725,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trondheim Ernie Ford,Short and sweet.
76561198117146064,Recommended,252410,19624179,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Code,Mine stoneMine oreMine monstersMine hidden citiesMine explosivesMine portalsMineThe BossMine everythingThen sell it all and become Bill Gates...
76561198045495159,Recommended,252410,34203462,Posted: 12 August,all,p4ndor4,"I enjoyed this short game. Operative word is short. If you are looking for a metroidvania style game that will last you 30+ hours, this is not it. I was able to beat it in one afternoon.If you are a completionist, this will offer challenges that will lengthen the game.Now, all that said, this game had really fun character designs, backgrounds, and a really responsve set of controls. The puzzles aren't hard but do offer some challenge. Combat is scarce in the game in the way you'd think for a metroidvania game (this may not exactly fit the bill for metroidvania the more I write this review.)  Upgrading feels rewarding and isn't an impediment to enjoying the game.I'd reccomend this game to casual gamers. Pick it up on sale if you can as I feel 9.99 was a bit steep for 6 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,252410,34284978,Posted: 16 August,all,SmellMahGOLD!,Reminds me of my childhood playing Motherload
,Recommended,252410,34308366,Posted: 17 August,all,light_bringer777,Loved it. A tasteful mix of action/platformer witha more classic motherload-ish aspect.A must buy if you like mining games.
,Recommended,252410,34615303,Posted: 30 August,all,YNE,This game was surprisingly fun and engaging.
76561198070281751,Recommended,252410,34766266,Posted: 5 September,all,Inhuman,A short but remarkable game for me :D I recommend it for those who love digging and scavenging. 8/10
,Recommended,252410,34990881,Posted: 16 September,all,KingKull2112,"Somewhat short, but still a very good game and worth playing"
76561197969362746,Recommended,252410,35112716,Posted: 21 September,all,Brocktoon!,"Great, simplistic game.  Hits all the fun notes of the explore/collect style game (think DigDug, Motherload and Metroidvania) with a solid style and story to keep the gameplay fresh.  A bit short but if you can scoop this up on sale, it's totally worth it for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,252410,35194501,Posted: 24 September,all,Vexassi,Fun game but I beat it start to finish in 4 hours with rather ease..The playtime and difficulty are severely lacking in this game; nonetheless I enjoyed it.
76561198118772835,Recommended,252410,35216124,Posted: 25 September,all,Valkyry,"I love this game and the style of the creators at Image & Form, they never disappoint with a game. This has a unique stlye and story telling process that mixes well with the resource collecting and combat of the game. Very much recommend to anyone who wants to play."
76561198227679940,Recommended,252410,35215006,Posted: 25 September,all,Alfonso_n,AWESOME!!!
76561197986732936,Recommended,252410,35252841,Posted: 27 September,all,Σ π Ω,Was expecting something more Terraria-esc. Good game none the less. It's mostly a mining platforming game. Pretty good. I would say it is worht the $10 USD asking price.
,Recommended,252410,35391026,Posted: 1 October,all,Astralika,"SteamWorld Dig is a rather enjoyable game so long as you go in remembering a few important things that the game doesn't necessarily make entirely clear. If you're the kind of person who gets stressed with permanent potentially-damaging actions like I am, I'd suggest treating your first playthrough as ""I won't necessarily complete this"". The game is short enough that you don't gotta worry too much about starting a new save file to try again.All digging is permanent. That said, so long as you're mindful, it's fairly simple to not miss anything.Enemies WILL destroy blocks. A lot. If you can goad them into doing their destruction first, all the better.You will end the game with way more resources than you'll ever need if you don't buy many of the consumables. That said, you will gain these resources slowly at first, so it's still best to be very sparing so as to keep up with the permanent upgrades. I ran the game only ever buying the occasional consumable. This will make the game both harder and easier. Don't be too afraid to buy the consumables if you need them, though."
76561197970887820,Recommended,252410,35252078,Posted: 27 September,all,Mandrake42,"Steamworld Dig is an addictive mining game set in a world populated by steam powered robots.  It was the first game by Image & Form in what would become a series of games based around said robots, the others being the excellent turn based strategy game Steamworld Heist and the sequel to this game, Steamworld Dig 2. But I'm getting ahead of my self....Steamworld dig takes place in a small desolate western town where the main character, Rusty, turns up looking for his missing uncle Joe who has left him a mine. After finding his unlces body quick smart, the digging adventure begins. You start with a simply pick axe and a light source that runs out reasonably quickly. You must tunnel down into the ground to recover precious minerals and return to town to sell them.  The deeper you go the more precious the minerals you will find. You can spend your hard earned cash on upgrades to your pick, your light source, bigger packts to improve your carrying space, and armour to improve your health.Things are made more complicated by treacherous ground that will give way when you touch it, spike traps, falling rocks that need to be avoided and assorted enemies.  Some of the enemies lie dormant and will wake up as you did near them, others are giant armoured bugs that will shoot spikes at you........and there are other stranger and more mysterious enemies located in the depths.You will also find strange devices underground that will upgrade Rusty when he encounters them including things like a drill arm for faster excavation, a steam powered jump for higher leaps, jet boots for speedy running....ect. All of this can be upgraded back in town once you have aquired them.There is a very addictive game loop to this stuff, figuring out how to get the best ore without dropping a rock on your head, getting eaten by an enemy or simply not digging your tunnel in such a fashion as to make the loot unobtainable is all very engaging stuff. Have a look at the trailer and read some other reviews but this game has a very postive rating for a reason.Overall this is a very fun game and well worth a playthrough before moving on to the sequel or the different, but equally excellent, Steamworld Heist.8 out of 10.Dig in."
