user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,252470,25333583,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LOOK INTO MY EYES,After playing this game for 19 hours learning all about the game since this is the first spaz game i bought i came into a troublesome bug that the dev team replied quickly and did thier best to help fix this problem but sadly couldnt due to it getting corrupted and the bug not able to be replicated. So the devs sent me a fixed version of just past the mission where it bugged out and gave some recources for lost progress after they did that i had to write this review and just say thank you to the devs for thier support and keep building an amazing game have a nice day :D
76561198037038784,Recommended,252470,25485968,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,animecentral,"I can't describe how much I love this game. There is an amazing amount of polish and balance, from the visuals and the strategic depth, all the way to the raw and dirty visceral depths that combat can descend to.Let me tell you about the combat; It is good. My most memerable battle so far was a 2v2 where I aided a weaker captain vs a bandit, only for a high level bandit to join in.Bandit capital ships are weaker but they have an insane number and reserve of strike craft, which increases by level (not fighters, those are different). My ally engaged the motherships while I thinned the swarm but he was being overwhelmed, so I rammed the strongest enemy and kept thrusting to push him away (ramming is a big mechanic, more on it later).Freed to 1v1, my ally succeeded in destroying the first pirate, but at high cost; his shields down, his nose and two wing modules torn off and floating free, a core destroyed and his health but a sliver. Sensing blood, the swarm of strike craft pounced. There was nothing I could do to save him. He exploded magnificently, destroying many of his attackers who were too slow to flee.The remaining pirate and I circled while exchanging broadsides, each deadly piroette bringing us closer to a field of asteroids. His strongest weapons were on his nose and he fought to bring them to bear. I, meanwhile, was slightly more manoeuverable and clung on the the relative safety of his rear, while picking of the remaining swarm. Our shields failed at the same time.Shields, armour and hull are not just 3 interchangeable stats in SPAZ2. Shields are the most familiar, a flat, regenerating, protective field. Armour is different. Every single non core piece of the motherships have their own armour, some of which is shared to the core. If a part loses all its armour, it is torn off, and sometimes destroyed. Hull, or health is only relevent to the cores of the ship and when that is gone; boom. So unlike other games, it isn't destroy shields>armour>hull with various piercing weapons, it is shields>tear them to pieces or shoot straight for the core.We tore each other to pieces. I took his right wings out but clipped an asteroid at speed, destroying my left. Caught against it, he was able to bring his nose to bear, shreading off my remaining wings and one of my engines. Now he was more manoeuverable.In despairation, I boosted, smaller asteroids tearing into my hull until I placed a large one between us. Frustrated momentarily, he stopped and reloaded. Seizing this last opportunity, I came out of hiding behind him, my last weapons pounding his engine, trying to even the score. But it wasn't enough. He began to turn and rained fire on my last engine. Before I could be left helpless, I once more boosted, this time straight at his exposed engine, knocking it into the void while my nose crumpled and exploded.Both helpless now, no engines, but still he had weapons and he slowly, ever so slowly, turned to bring that hateful nose to bear. With nothing left, I had a moment of inspiration and grabbed the astreroid chunks with my tractor beam. In space, surrounded by the refuse of awesome technology, I beat him to death with a rock.A narrow victory, I collected the refuse of our 4 ships to just bearly rebuild 1, and then jumped to the void.All actions described above REALLY ARE IN THE GAME. If two things collide, they do armour type damage (very weak vs shields, weak vs hull) to eachother based on their mass and speed. If you can get an enemies shields down while yours are still up, boost at him/her, smash their bits off! Beware of ramming with your shields down, as you can wreck yourself. Finally, you can rebuild your mothership WHILE IN COMBAT. A wing came off? Try and grab it before it goes to far, and reattach it! Enemies powerful weapon came off? Remove your own and replace it!Did I mention I love this game?Also, there are so many viable ways of building your mothership, and none are perfect for all situations. I keep parts in storage to swap forms when dealing with different kinds of threats (General flying, starbases, pirates, mining) but my general form is the ION shield ram: Huge shields/thrust and some ION weapons or lasers to take down shields so I can ram them. It is weak to strike craft and starbases however, and is hard to mine with."
,Recommended,252470,32162003,Posted: 3 June,all,black_dragon74,"All in all I have to give the game a recommendation. It was fun, and I played through it to the end, which is ""good enough"" for me. But much of what else I have to say about the game is going to be a critique.People aren't kidding when they say the game isn't really SPAZ. The top-down arcade action, the desperate resource harvesting, and the panicked tactical withdrawals are all missing. The combat system is totally re-worked, and all the nifty ship designs from the last game come into play as highly disposable fighter craft.Which is all fair enough, but the elements that replaced the old SPAZ could use a LOT of work. Nearly everything falls short of its potential.The meat and bones of the game, its combat, is very straightforward when applied to bulky motherships. The player who warps in with the best mix of weapons, stats, and/or backup wins. There's very little room for tactical nuance, although a clumsy player can easily ruin their battle by failing to get close enough for some of the shorter-ranged weapons. There are obstacles scattered around the battle void, including the inexplicable exploding canisters from SPAZ 1, but they're very easy to avoid even in the heat of battle and didn't once contribute to a win or loss during my run. Fighting ships is fun, but fails to stay fresh and exciting the way it did in SPAZ by slowly introducing new models of bigger ships.The second most important component is building and maintaining the mothership, and this is where I think the developers really dropped the ball. Assembling a ship out of boring same-y blocks is dull, and combing the galaxy for pieces that have the right weapon, look, or quality is tedious. Rather than giving the mothership turret or weapon slots, like the strike craft, weapons are built into the wings, nose, and engine pieces. There are no utility or equipment slots. The game incentivizes you heavily to maintain a big, blocky craft, and cores are all one size with no weapons, They could have done some very impressive things with the mothership construction, and instead it's mostly a matter of sifting through starbases to find the wing turret you want (ideally in the right faction too, because otherwise it just looks ugly).One aspect I did like was the presence of numerous other starship captains, all with their own allegiances and numerous options. Character portraits were colorful, and their AI behavior generally made sense. The only complaint I have about this system is that a battlefield with four players is quickly exploited by the player to fight frequent 3-on-1 battles, especially when the zombies show up. Ganging up on extremely powerful captains is a fine way to take them down, but since tactical combat is stunted (as noted previously) ganging up on enemies soon becomes the ""main"" tactic. You search out a zombie ship and try to catch them alone or while their friends are occupied. Friendly ships jump in and fill up the battlefield in your favor, and the enemy's fate is sealed. I would prefer to outfight opponents like I did in the original SPAZ, but alas, that's not feasible.Finally, the writing is good. I found it bizarre at first that the characters had synthesized voices, but the charming bickering and the random tidbits of humor did a lot to keep my interest going until the end."
,Recommended,252470,23051740,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ulris Ventis,"I felt the need to expand the review, since there was a lot of complaining going on all over the place, from people that have barely played through a tutorial but presenting themselves as able to properly judge the game. There is also a lot of complaining that it's not SPAZ 1.5.If you've played SPAZ 1, this part is for you, otherwise you can skip it entirely:1. All resource collecting is done on strategic map now, without pointless grind and a waste of time. There is also no limit on resources you can carry, which is great news.Having to watch how ships mine for ten minutes straight was a chore of SPAZ 1 and I never liked it even 1 bit.All that resource micromanagement never added to the game, since after you've lost a battle or it was hard and led to loss of resources, game STOPPED and you would spend next half an hour collecting resources.2. Skill trees are gone and replaced with three random skills per level.Some will say, that skill trees in SPAZ1 were great, when they were actually not.You had to upgrade a skill to be able to use better tech, and once you knew a cookie cutter build you could easily blast through the game, or got gimped for a looong time if you didn't. Because of this you could never upgrade everything or try everything in one play (and that is an extremely long time). Game could actually punish you for trying wrong and it did.Skills in SPAZ 2 are extremely helpful and relevant to the player actually making you stronger, and unpredictable pattern doesn't allow a winning level up in each gameplay. With new content, there can be more skills added leading to more variety, without the need to lock them to a path.3. Blueprints are gone. Finally, for the best.That was another grinding aspect in SPAZ 1.There were barely two viable strategies: blow up the station (if you can, huh) to get all blueprints inside, or spend goons to impove relationship and then REZ to buy it (and then get back grinding goons/REZ back).With ship blueprints, you had to destroy a ship a number of times to get all parts of blueprint to unlock that ship. Incredible chore, cause you either had to be lucky, or repeat a mission to get those blueprints.In SPAZ 2 an ingame economy and leveling up gets you better and bigger parts. You protect transporters in order to get better tech, and upgrade bases. And of course you loot enemies for it as well, even on the battlefield, which is great.4. Combat is deeper however you disagree with it. Instead of basically an energy regeneration for everything in the game, you now have separate sources to manage.Energy battery can protect your shields from getting down with a boost under heavy fire until enemy need to reload.Boost engines allow you to ram through the enemy or get further away.Energy battery allows you to keep firing and once depleted you have to reload, which also makes it impossible to boost up shields or regenerate them if they are gone.Asteroids protects you from heavy bombs and enemy fire, while can also be used with a tractor beam to damage the enemy. There are powerups on the field, REZ ""balls"" that might spawn some zombies and barrels to blow up.Battle wagon mode allows to pass weapon controls to AI, which is incredibly useful against small strike crafts, but it uses battery ineffectively which leads to more reloads and decreases survival chances.5. Mothership is not smaller ships from previous game, those are still here and they're recognizable.How can one describe SPAZ 2?Have you played Mount and Blade? Good, cause the idea behind strategical map, factions, captains and other stuff is basically the same.Economy is real, bases produce stuff, ships transfer stuff, captains trade and fight, zombies infect, bandits mess up. Diplomacy allows for alliances, friendship, bounties and so on. You can even share parts and resources if you need to.You can start a proper faction and take over eventually, but it's NOT easy even one bit since there are lots of threats that needs your attention.In combat you manage a number of ship resources to increase performance, and survive as long as possible until you catch an enemy on reload phase when they are most vulnerable, strip off their shields and ram them to death. :) You won't see it in low level fights, but then it gets important.Ship building is difficult, since parts are hard to find and there's always more you want to install than you can with different strategy involved. In 7 hours I have barely seen any tech at all with 16 level. You can't slap random crap on a ship and win, nope, only in the tutorial.There is nothing in the game that MAKES you waste time on routine stuff anymore and it's awesome!You can attach to you ship a torn apart enemy part on the battlefield any time, or reattach something you've lost yourself. You can even throw it in the enemy with a tractor beam.The game is incredible already, since it has solid well planned foundation and it can only get even better in time with the help of developers and mods. I mentioned it before, that there is only one feature needed - LARGER battles with more ships involved. That is one thing I want to see, something like 10-15 motherships in one intense battle.For the 18$ it's one of the best purchases I've made, besides the.. M&B.*Some small fixes.."
,Not Recommended,252470,24521124,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mantissa,"I want to preface this review by saying that not only am I a big fan of the original SPAZ, I also respect and admire MINMAX for experimenting with their original model and stepping outside the box for their sequel.That being said, I think they stepped out of one box and into another.SPAZ 2 retains the charmingly witty-yet-stupid writing and dialogue of the original game that reminds of a Saturday-morning cartoon. The aesthetics have also remained the same; blurry textures composed of screamingly high contrast colors that bore into your retinas. On top of that, the from-scratch gameplay is also retained from the original game, where you start with practically nothing and build your empire on top of that. Aside from the actual space combat, these things define SPAZ pretty well, and if that's all you're looking for, you won't be disappointed.This is all SPAZ 2 has in common with the original, however. In the transition to 3d, much has changed. You now get to fly and build the mothership, you are now the biggest fish in the sea. Right Hooks and Tugs are tiny compared to the hulking, glorious piece of junk that is your ship. You start off with a scaffold looking like it was built entirely out of old bicycles by an inpatient from a mental hospital. Over the course of the entire game, from start to finish, you will upgrade from bicycles to smashed car-shaped objects.This modular mothership, along with the ability to establish and govern starbases, seems to be giving us what we didn't have, and wanted in the original SPAZ. An interstellar empire. Flying the Clockwork. AI that don't run face-first into the enemy's largest ship and die instantly, wasting thousands of Rez. Actually, that's still a thing, but they only waste small amounts of scrap instead because they're only piloting small fighter ships.This lends a much more strategic feel to the game. And I'd call that an advantage. However, much was lost in the transition:First of all, everything feels like it's about the same size. Gone are the days of warping into a battlefield and attempting to take down a ship 20 times your size with bombing runs. The smallest mothership is maybe 1/4 the size of the largest. Heck, even space stations just look like circular, spinning motherships that can't move.Next, ship design doesn't matter as much. In the original, when you were restricted to chassis with a set number of module slots and module types, you knew exactly how your own ships worked, and their strengths and weaknesses. When you looked at an enemy ship, you could distinctly see what modules were attached to it (unless it was cloaked), and you knew how those weapons would affect your fleet. What weapons a ship had often determined whether you'd try to take it down for its blueprints, or flee with your tail between your legs.Now, you pretty much slap whatever module will fit on your mothership and has the most stars. Because of the randomness of parts, both in terms of their perks (the bonuses they confer to your ship, like shield strength, speed, health, etc.), and in terms of the weaponry on them (cannons, beams, the works), both when you're scavenging, and when you're shopping at space stations, it's very unlikely that you're going to find exactly the part you're looking for.I get what they were going for here; you're a scavenger among scavengers. It's not about what you want, it's about what works. But, that being said, it isn't very compelling. The chances of me finding a part that: a) looks the way I want it to look, b) has a weapon that I want on it, and c) has the bonuses that I want (which I don't even keep track of anyways), is almost null. The chances of me finding *multiple parts* that I actually want are nonexistant.This results in your mothership EITHER looking like a piece of trash, that has EITHER nice weapons OR nice stats, OR a mothership that looks nice and is completely worthless in terms of battlefield effectiveness. Yes, that was a nested either-or statement. And, usually, what ends up happening is you get a muddy mix of all of these things.The end result is that you don't feel like the ship you're flying is *your* mothership, even though you built it piece-by-piece. It feels like you just cobbled together what the game gave you and now you're flying it around.And, all of these things would be fine if they took advantage of the things they gained; We're in 3d now. There's a lot to explore, right?Not... Really. You still fly your ship in 2d, while asteroids hover tantalizingly over and under you. You still effectively fight in 2d; you can't go over or under an enemy ship. The battles are more bland than the original game. Explosive barrels don't matter as much, and neither do asteroids. They feel much more staged, 2-4 ships warp in, 1-3 ships warp out. The outcome is largely determined by your stats, and who warps in with you. Positioning can matter, but ships are so random and cobbled together that it's hard to tell when you're facing directly into an enemy's broadside, or if the other side is even worse. You can't ""get used to"" an enemy faction. You can't take advantage of a ship's slow turning speed and its blind spots. You really can't dodge missiles anymore. There is no longer a cloaking system (except for in the star map, where it doesn't really matter), and ""big"" weapons like Mass Bombs don't feel as significant.That's what it is. A lot of elements have lost their character. Rez is no longer the rainbow-colored candy it was, now it's just a generic purple blob that you pick up. Finding a new color of Rez stone felt like moving to a different level. Things are worth more now. Ships are bigger. Now it's just numbers on a screen.Goons have gotten even less important. You no longer scavenge for rescue pods, or steal from hotels; just numbers on a screen. You need to maintain a minimum number of goons, and you shouldn't have too manygoons.Finding the last blueprint to a weapon you really want is no longer a thing. Sometimes you stumble across a part that has a unique weapon on it, and you get to use that one part, and you will never find that same weapon ever again. And if you do, it's going to be on a worthless part.The game feels smaller. You can cross the whole starmap in a matter of minutes, faster towards the start of the game and slower towards the end (the opposite of the original game), and you probably won't be attacked.It's not a bad game. I just don't see why I would play it over the original SPAZ, which has much more crisp, interesting RPG gameplay and gunplay. Or Istrolid, which offers the modularity and customizability of SPAZ 2 with much faster, more satisfying top-down gameplay. Or why I would play it over Dreadnought, or Fractured Space, which are full-blown third person space shooters with interesting tactical gameplay and the advantage of other players.SPAZ 2 seems to be a mashup of various genres, and sadly, it doesn't work, at least not for me."
76561198041967347,Recommended,252470,30804349,Posted: 28 March,all,Ai,"Quick noteThe mixed rating is because the devs could not addmultiplayer into the game due to major issues.The devs made a fairly long detailled post about this, but it was removed.So here's the short version for wy it was cancelled :After updating the game engine (Unity),the devs realised that unity completely changed how multiplayer works, thus all work done on multiplayer before that was lost.They wanted to upgrade to the newer engine to improve performance and the long term compatibility with the new systems coming in the next few years. (Performance was indeed much better after the upgrade.)They then tried to start over the multiplayer work but had several issues doing so.After trying to work around the problems for over a month, they made no progress at all with multiplayer.Eventually, the devs took feedback form the players about that issue.Most agreed to scrap multiplayer in favor of adding more content to the single player experience istend.At that point multiplayer was scrapped.That's about it. Some details are missing here but this is what hapened in a nut shell.Anyway, on to the actual review.IntroThis is one of a kind game that should NOT be left under theradar.Space Pirates and Zombies 2 (Or spaz 2),Is a game with many different gameplay elements in onegame.If you played the original spaz, this game is quite differentform that game.In this game, you control a fully customizable mothership withElsa has her captain trying to earn a place of power in thegalaxy.Homever you are not the only one...There are other 199 captains roaming around.They follow the same rules that the player does, with fewexceptions.The game is also very well polished, more so that youexpect.Go to the ---TLDR--- if you just want to see pro/cons of thegame.The meatThe major gameplay element is the starmap screen, whereyou can plan your destination and interact with severalthings like other captains, resources zones, starbases andother events.All traveling/resource gathering is also done on the star map,greatly reducing the grind you usually find in X4 games.Starbases is where you can use scrap (in game currency) tobuy much needed resources like Rez (Think of rez like Gas)or buy parts for your mothership.You can also battle in the arena with preset ships forrewards and improve relations with other captains. (More onthat later)Ship customizationYou can fully customize your own mothership using the lootyou find or buy them at shops.You want have lot of projectiles weapons? You can.You want be a carrier type mothership with lots of drones? You can.You want go nuts with a lot of missiles? You can.You prefer using beam weapons? You can.The way your ship handle in combat depends entirely on howyou build it.Want to go fast?                     Use more engines.Want a better turn rate?          Use more wings.Want to have more shields?    Use more noses.Finding the parts you want may be hard, but there is a VERYhelpful catalog system where you can order parts form andgetting them delivered to you directly.The Captains and FactionsYour actions can cause a captain to like or hateyour guts.If a captain likes you, he/she is more likely to help you inbattles and gives you better prizes when shopping at his/herstation.This also work in reverse, of course.If a rich captain really hates you, you can expect a bounty onyour head.While captains that are friends with you will not try to collectthe bounty, the others will.You can also put a bounty on someone else if you want.There is 5 main factions in the game that you can join afterbuilding relations with other captains of that faction.At that point you can have your own starbase in the factionyou joined if you spend time gathering resources and build a station for your faction.Stations is like a bank where you can drop resources andparts for later use, also a good source of passive income.Each factions specialize in something, giving a specificbonus for parts they sell. (like Speed/armor/shields andpower.) Some weapons type can only be found in a specificfaction.You unlock the ability to form your own faction and build yourown empire of imbeciles and simpletons with you has theleader later on.Space Pirates and Zombies?Now you may wonder, what the heck the *zombies* in thetitle mean?At some point in the game, the zombies will make aappearance.How they show up depend if you play the campaign orthe sandbox mode.They do what you expect them to do, no much else to say...Oh and try not to get infected, wash your hands often.CombatsFights will usually happen vs. bandits, captains,starbases...and Zombies of course.The combat is done in a 3D Arcade shooter style with theoption of a top view or behind your mothership with theability to switch at anytime.Up to 4 captains/zombies/bandits can participate in a battle,ending in 1 vs. 1, 2 vs. 2 and 1 vs. 3.Combats are fairly fast,with lots of effects form fired weaponand usually quite hectic.You and other captains can also have smaller ships (CalledStrikecrafts) to aid in battle.And yes, those are also customizable.You can unlock more type of strikecrafts by collectingblueprints in battle.Collecting more for a already unlocked ship will eventuallymake it more powerful.If a mothership gets damaged eneuf, the ship may lose partsof itself.Attacking a specific part of a ship for a while will eventuallybreak it, this is userfull for 2 reasons : weakening the enemyship and extra loot after a battle. Some weapons are betterthat other to break parts.TLDR (Pros and Cons)Again, most downvotes for the game is because multiplayergot scraped.Even so it still got it's perks, the game do not deserve to bebrushed aside just for that reason alone.Ok, starting with cons because i prefer a good end.Cons :1.Lack of diplomacy options for factions. The core is hereand it works, but is missing things like trading/no-agressionand a few others.2.The story leaves something to be desired.3.Modding is not possible.Offset by using the various sliders in sandbox mode thatchanges how the game plays.4.Too easy/quick to become the *Biggest fish* in the galaxy.5.I wish you could build more that starbases in the galaxymap. (Like building on resources zones to speed up thegathering rate for example.)6.Can be confusing to play for the first time. (Don't Skip thetutorials the first time you play.)Pros :1. Good customizations option for your mothership and yourfleet.2.Devs being very informative,you always knows what'shapening and are constant to fix minor/major bugsreally quickly.3.Great replay value, thanks to many sliders(Or mutators) insandbox mode. Over 50 new options was added in 0.9.1, fora total of 73 different tweak possible so even more changesis possible now.)4.The grind is minimal, making the game fun form thevery start to the end.5. A Fairly deep Captain relation system.6. Be free to play YOUR way, even in story mode.7. There's no games comparable to this. Closest being the mount and blade games.But it's still a completely different game.8.The galaxy feels alive, thanks to the many other captainsroaming around. (200 including you)9.Early access done right. No really, it's one of the bestearly access progress i seen, check the *Major UpdateStockpile.* in the forums to have an idea on how much itprogressed.If you like space battles with tons of customizations optionswith great replay value, you will love this game."
,Recommended,252470,34741252,Posted: 4 September,all,ins,SPAZ was a good game but we wanted more... more of.. EVERYTHING.SPAZ 2 delivers.- more customization- more explosions- more D's (3D instead of 2D)- more voice- more sounds- more quests- more space- and much more more.
,Recommended,252470,23078808,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Winter Flare (TWP),"If you're hoping for combat similar to SPAZ 1, I'm sorry but you're going to be disappointed. While there are some faults with this game, I can easily overlook them for how cheap it is, and how much time I believe I'll be getting out of it. (As a rule of thumb, you should always cut 1/4 the hours of someones gametime out, they can gain time being tabbed out or just accidently leaving the game up.)Pros:• Star Map is fantastic, it reminds me of Mount and Blade Warband. There are people everywhere with their own motivations,• Combat is really neat, but is different from SPAZ 1. Its more broadside pirate-like combat now. Also, being able to ram your way out of a bad situation feels amazing. Your ship parts are VERY important.• Built in option for hardcore players to reset via lore-friendly means. Many people like punishment, and this allows that.• Game looks very nice, especially when a multi-party battler takes place.• Ship building has been fixed, before it was a very tiring system to work with, but this has since been changed.• Strike Craft can now be customised, and are based off of the ""main ships"" that were your controllable ships in the first game. A nice nod to those who have played SPAZ 1.• Bandits can now ""evolve"" by stealing parts off of those who they'ved defeated, making some insignificant, and others very formidable.• They've made it harder to take out starbases, which makes a lot of sense. Before you could basically just roll up and blow it out of the sky, or place an incredibly small bounty on it and watch it get blown up by the dozens of captains swarming at it. Now there are penalties for placing bounties, and captains want much more for the risk to be worth it.Cons:• The default controls feel really bad to a lot of people. However that can be fixed: Options > Gameplay > Relative Controls.• You can easily outrun high-load missiles, but some NPC's like to just sit inside them and die (Gravity, Zombies, ect.)• Weapon and Armour Systems can be hard to understand."
76561198044171554,Recommended,252470,34588298,Posted: 29 August,all,Kill_The_Kittens,"++ Vast sense of freedom, exploration and management.++ As easy or as difficult as you want with easily changed settings.++ Easily accessible and yet deep tactical combat and ship design which strongly impacts the way you fight.+ Good sense of humour and teasing among the main cast.-- Voice acting is wooden at times although Jamison is amazing.===After I finished SPAZ 1, I was thirsty for more and sought out the developers to see what they were working on next. The scope and sheer enjoyment of the first game proved they knew what they were doing. With SPAZ 2, they have once again delievered.I bought the game as soon as it became available for purchase and I'm usually against pre-orders and early access. Despite my usual wariness, MinMax delivered once again. I'm having so much fun!"
76561198013625590,Recommended,252470,34798663,Posted: 7 September,all,nicenshiny,"Great game with Great developers. Extremely fun and highly addictive. Fluff out of the way its now time to break down the pros and cons.ProsGreat Devs who have put out consistant patches and continue to crush bugs thoughout the early access.Block style ship building with lots of choices for parts and designs.Alot of weapon choices to deversivefy your play experienceAlot of replay value with multiple maps and customizable map optionsOption to select the exact parts you wantGood graphics - Graphics are good and run smoothly even on low end computers.Smoth game play and Controls - Controls are simple and blend together smoothly allowing you to battle other ships rather then battling clunky controls.Easy Learning Curve -The game features and strategies are easy to figure out (with help from tutorial) so the player can spend more time enjoying the game rather then trying to figure out how to fight or how to rule the galaxy.Voice Acting - New additionConsDificulty curve could use some fine tuning. Base game with base map options player is extremely weak and does alot of running from pretty much everything. About half way through the player is a god one on one. (This con can be adhusted with map options)Computer control captians who have a starbase struggle to maintain the area. They rarely clean bandits out of their territory unless a bounty is set on it and they rarely upgrade their starbases level.Zombie mechanics could use alittle tuning. When they spawn the game pace changes drastically as zombies convert any captain they beat in battle even if you the player are in the battle and ultimately win the fight. Respawn time for zombie captains and what they spawn with feel amped up from normal as non-zombie captains will take time to rebuild. Fights around zombie space are pretty much just a flood of none stop zombies. Where i understand the zombies are suppose to be dificult as they are the end game, these effects dont make the zombies dificult for the player it just changes the pace to crush the zombies so I can get back to the game. I feel the zombies are trivalized in the base game. (This con can be adjusted with the map options)Multiplayer option was not able to be. This is not do to a lack of trying on the Dev's part.Overall SPAZ2 is an excellent game that is both well built and Fun.  With Dev's who listened to and guided the game with community feedback in mind. I would recommend this game even at full price as you will definitely get your $20 worth if you are a fan of this style of game."
76561198036997440,Not Recommended,252470,23107843,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Loli Fondler,"As of now the game feels much too unfinished. But it's early access so thats to be expected.There's quite a bit of potential but people coming to this game having played the original SPAZ will be very disappointed. It's its own game by its own right but if you enjoyed features from SPAZ such as the things listed below, don't come into SPAZ 2 looking for them.-Missions: Gone, outside of the main campaign missions the old system based missions and quests aren't there anymore. No more random jobs listed on the system map. So how do you make money you ask? There are random nodes strewn about the galaxy map that you have to “ransack” for resources. This hurts your relations with the various owners of these nodes, but that’s about as similar as this game will get to its predecessor. Instead of the fun options you had previously, which often involved blowing things up owned by people because other people offered to pay you, now the game feels like it can be played entirely from the galaxy map. You’ll find yourself more annoyed than anything to enter combat.-Combat: The fast passed combat from the previous game has been replaced with slower, smaller scale (Fights are often 1v1 but sometimes up to 3v3) engagements that feel like they take ages to end. The typical fight is just the two ships firing volleys into each other until someone’s shields go down and then that person dies. Strike craft feel nearly useless half the time, unless their equipped with mini-gun weapons, which allow them to kill every missile in the entire instance until they are killed.-The Blueprint System: This one hurt the most. No longer are you able to reverse engineer other ships and then make them from your stored resources. Now you either buy parts outright (and then have to lug around, which you're penalized for) or snag them from the wrecks of ships you've destroyed or happened upon. While the system is functional it is very frustrating to be unable to use the games new ship creation mechanic to its full potential, as you have to have the parts readily or else you cannot modifying your vessel. This feels like a very odd decision by the devs. They had a very, very good system in the previous game. And this isn’t nostalgia talking. The blueprint system not only added a very fun incentive for combat but it rewarded you in way where you knew exactly what you were getting. The blueprint method allowed you very open ended and free customization of not only your fleet but even the modules equipped on the ships that make up your fleet.  Now, if I want to acquire parts for a vessel I have to buy them, haul them around, clutter up my inventory and then likely sell them when something better comes along, or I just tire of the chore.-Customization: In the previous game, you could have various weapon loadouts and various fleet compositions that you could modify and adjust to adapt to situations. Even on the fly. This is no longer the case. Now, if you find your missile based combat preference is being countered by a single strike craft shooting down your missiles at an alarming rate (missile rate of fire is so slow jesus), you're only choice is to run. You cannot refit your ships mid battle anymore. Another issue that hampers your creativity is the way parts go together. Noses can only face forward, wings sideways, and engines downwards. This limits ship design heavily. And each of these parts has a weapon attached to them. Which you cannot change. This compounded with the above issues of being unable to make your own parts means half the time you’ll be unsatisfied with your current loadout. With no way to change it as quickly as you would like. You can’t really make a ship specialized without very high effort low reward methods. Needing to stockpile potentially good ship parts for later on feels off. Like this shouldn’t be happening both lore wise and gameplay wise either.In conclusion, this game has potential. But as of now there are just too many small annoyances with the game that will chip away at your will to put up with them until you find yourself loading saves and quitting more than actually enjoying the game. Hopefully the devs delay the release and make some changes. Because I can’t and won’t recommend this game until some things are improved or overhauled into fun mechanics, which were readily present in the original.Here's to hope."
76561197977606038,Recommended,252470,29245700,Posted: 14 January,all,Typhoon [UK],"Excellent game, initially quite challenging.. so would recommend to only pay attention to reviewers who have put in 20 + hours....The game offers EXTREME customisation.. I've been a game player since the 80's and typically prefer gameplay first and foremost...SPAZ2 is a leading example of how to develop a game, and also importantly the developers listen to comments from players..."
,Recommended,252470,32770836,Posted: 25 June,all,lChronos,"Yes, this game is completely different than SPAZ1, and the devs said so since the beginning. Most of the negative reviews are from people that wanted another SPAZ1 and feel hurt because the devs didn't listen to them and decides to create something new.SPAZ2 is a great game, and once you get the hang of combat you just can't stop playing before you conquer the whole galaxy.Not to mention the constant updates, with the last ones focusing on replayability and sandbox personalization.8/10, for now."
76561198086287768,Recommended,252470,28026651,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NIH,"This review has been written after finishing the game, twice...The gameplayThe core gameplay is rock solid and fun. You will be directing your (mother) ship across the galaxy in an effort to eliminate a zombie thread. Conflicts are unavoidable, and you will have to duke it out with other pilots, zombies, and starbases, with a wide selection of weaponry. Lasers, missiles, Drones and more can be used to decimate the opposition in impactul fights, which will put your choice of weapons, your situational awareness, and your piloting skills to the test.While you're not busy blowing things up, you can ""direct"" allies, and other captains to do the work for you by way of bounties. Want a base ""removed"", but you're not feeling confident about your ships strength? Let the money do the work for you. Had a bully picking on you? See how he fares against several fortune seekers and have the last laugh.Your shipIs going to be comprised of cores, weapons, engines, and noses. Cores come in different types with different boosts to your ships overall stats, some will make your ship more maneuverable, others will be more beneficial for your shields. You can mix and match cores according to your liking, and create a slow moving juggernaut ship, a fast hit-and-run bomber, a missile boat, or pretty much everything else. Getting higher quality cores and components, as well as making the most of them, satisfies the tinkering mood.The visualsBlasting foes is not only fun, it also looks flashy, while not overburdening your eyes with absurd particle-effect-spam. A nice mix of ""Did you see that explosion?!"" and ""I see what you did there."" The art-style works is what I'm saying.The campaign so farIt's a ""moving up in the food chain"" experience, which does not disappoint. There are some twists and turns to it, as well as some good sense of humour during dialogues. You are encouraged to constantly consider how your actions affect other pilots and even factions as you proceed. One can only speculate what is going to be added to the campaign in terms of side missions in the future, but don't be fooled, there is always something to do already.So there you go, a nice well-rounded package worth picking up. If you want some more Space-Zombie action, consider picking up the original S.P.A.Z. for the definitive experience."
76561197989461655,Recommended,252470,23074568,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Baskerville,"*EDIT:Since this game is still in Early Access some of its elements will change, and parts of this review will no longer be relevant. Only two days after this games release, much of what really frustrated me about this game has already been hotfixed. That which no longer applies to the current state of SPAZ 2 will remain, but be obfuscated.Strong Points:+The galactic map (where >=50% of game time is spent) is graphically simplistic, stylized, and clean.It’s basically Mount and Blade: Warband, but in space and graphically pleasing.+Hilarious dialogue and characters+Both combat perspectives (top down and 3rd person) work well with this game+In depth weapon configurationEither automate all of your weaponry, or categorize your weapons into subsets to truly minmax your offensive capabilities.+Ship customization/modularityWithout a doubt the strongest component of this game. Build a slender corvette with many side cannons, a flat-headed cruiser with an unnecessary amount of engines, or whatever awkward mess you feel like.Weak Points:-Leveling upgrades are dull.+20% HP, +15% armour, +25% recharge rate, etc.-Arranging parts in the ship builder is a task for the 7th circle of hell.Ship complexity correlates with how much hair you have left to pull out while trying to make components click where you want them to.-Engagements are very unpredictable.From my experience, when you attack a target you rarely proceed to 1v1 that opponent. You rather 1v3 against his allies, 2v2 with your ally versus him and his ally, or 3v1 him down with your allies. It loosely depends on proximity to allies, but often times allies have flown to my aid from off-screen or ignored my situation when they were right beside the battle. Selecting a wingman helps, but wingmen get distracted easily and still won’t 100% reliably follow you into battle.Stylistic Choices I Dislike:-Ships always look like block-components banded together with small struts.While this makes sense in the beginning, when you are literally gluing garbage together, it feels wrong to have an advanced mothership look so cheap and flimsy.-Enemy HP, Shield, and Armour bars offer very little information.They are the same between very weak and very strong forces. The bars could have ticks that demark certain values (as in League of Legends or DoTA). It would also make sense to colour code them so they aren’t all the same red mass to keep track of.Mitigated Issues:-Resource managementwasnightmare-inducing.Early game: you need a lot of scrap, and it is slow to acquire.Mid game: your star base takes care of any scrap needs, but because of your larger ship, excess goons will rapidly deplete your rez stores. You only ever want around your maximum capacity of goons, but you must constantly spend time working to avoid excess.Late game: when zombies pollute the entire galaxy, all it takes for your crew to be completely decimated is your shields to drop while fighting an infected enemy. You lose many goons to the slightest infection, and the only consistent method to restock them is pitifully slow.The easy solution: make goons and rez consistently purchasable at every station.-Ship infectionsweretoo unforgiving.Goons die not only in the cleaning process, but also because of the infection’s very presence. If you don’t always carry at or above your max crew capacity, the crew won’t be strong enough to clean a serious infection away. You also won’t be able to save up a large enough force over time, since any amount you find will immediately be killed. In other words, it’s game over in the most excruciating way.EDIT1:Although you can remove infected parts from your ship to stop the infection from spreading, this tactic only works if your initial infection was minor enough to isolate. In my experience, many ship parts can become infected in one unfavourable incident. The problems are that you can only clean parts while they are attached to your ship, and cleaning parts demands a tremendous cost of crew.If an infection gets out of hand, it’s such a hassle to deal with that I would rather reload a save file than go through the tedium of putting a brand new, far weaker vessel together, scrounging around for enough goons to use as a blood sacrifice for my old infected rare parts, and eventually reconstructing my powerful ship from the ground up.The mechanic would be far less frustrating if:1) Fewer goons evaporate in the cleaning process.2) You are allowed to pay scrap at star bases to have parts cleaned at no crew expense.3) The infection takes longer to spread from part to part, and can only infect so much of your ship in a single battle.Conclusion:In case it wasn’t already obvious, this game is definitely not a sequel to SPAZ 1 in terms of gameplay. That isn’t necessarily a bad thing, as SPAZ 2 has a lot of interesting and unique gameplay of its own to offer.Initially I would recommend SPAZ 2 only to those who are head over heels about space battles and ship customization, but the devs have already mitigated what were the most frustrating aspects of the game. The game still has some problems and annoyances, but now it is by all means an enjoyable game with a hard-working and responsive dev team to boot. My thumb has been flipped."
76561198034026303,Recommended,252470,23046367,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,lathee,"SPAZ 2 is a good game, made by two guys with a lot of heart, and probably some undiagnosed disorders. Fly around the galaxy, turning your star jalopy into a functioning battleship and surviving in a collapsed economy suffering from the loss of magical zombie poop on which it relies. The controls are responisve and fluid, the art direction is wonderful, and for the most part everything is well optimized. I had to turn down the resolution a bit, but my laptop is teetering on the edge of mid-grade and doing this let me keep all the graphical options turned up.The actual gameplay is a bit hard to sum up without quoting the store page- Minmax summed it up pretty well and so far I don't believe they've lied about any aspect. zip around the galaxy at ludicrous speeds via the star map, ransacking people farms and harvesting Rez while trying to stay a step ahead of whoever you've angered lately. That is, until you get bigger guns of course. Once a battle occurs, the game shifts to direct control and hands you your mothership and whatever escort craft are currently licking your boots. It's similar to the ship combat in Assassin's Creed 4, but in space, and with far greater variety of options. It's a bit overwhelming at first, and you'll likely be tempted to turn on Battle Wagon mode and focus on maneuvers and damage control, but once you get the hang of it you'll be switching weapon groups on the fly while using your tractor beam to beat the enemy to death with their own wreckage.Remember how I said the devs are probably crazy? Yeah, SPAZ 2 is full of black comedy and whimsical stupidity. There's lore and fluff nuggets that grant oft-hilarious tidbits of info along with supplies and EXP; my personal favorite being the one comparing the warp drive mechanism to a donkey being led with a carrot. Dropping out of warp is, of course, de-donkeying. It may sound stupid, and it is, but it had me laughing the first time I heard it.Don't be discouraged by the Early Access label; so far I've had no bugs at all and the only thing there telling me this is early access is a little bit of missing polish and all the voice-acting being computer generated. SPAZ 2 deserves your love and hard drive space, and unlike most EA releases appears to be in very late beta."
76561197966799301,Not Recommended,252470,33367263,Posted: 8 July,all,Deathcoy,"SPAZ 2 had a couple of changes from SPAZ, most prominent being 4x lite elements, shift to 3D, focus on action oriented brawler combat and ship customization in form of combining module blocks.Introducing 4x features is a good move, brings more to the table despite how ""lite"" it is. Just don't expect too much out of it. Going 3D is a given, most indie games at some point will probably do that.The leap towards action oriented combat is a disappointment. Balancing is atrocious, though it is still in early acess albiet its quite close to release. The time-to-kill(TTK) is insane, it literally obstructs strategy and tactics which is a big shame considering how they've populated maps with destructibles that can act as screens/barriers, friendly fire or weapon physics and also ""boosters"" that can heal shields, temporarily increase armor etc.So many potential tactical elements but turned useless in favor of fast paced combat you see in brawler games.The AI is dumb, a word of caution, beware of friendly fire from AI allies.Combat also feels more like a small scale arena with a maximum of 4 participants, pretty lack luster.As for the ship customization, its half catering to taste or preference and half poor design & implementation. Personally i hate it.Firstly the looks, its hideous. Your ships basically look like a stupid city flying in space. Can you imagine a chunk of New York city or the Eiffel Tower shooting missles and laser beams in space? Fugly.Secondly, the mechanics surrounding this feature is pointless, needless and very shallow. Again, its a move in favor of action brawler combat. TTK is crazy you can hardly have time to grab and slap modules together in the heat of battle. Moreover the process is clunky and unintuitive, basically the entire UI is bad, frustration will set in pretty early on.Ironically such a customization system by right should allow more freedom and choice for creating your own unique ships but unfortunately thats not the case, it turns out to be a very limiting feature. Compare this system to ship customizations of other games like Wayward Terran Frontier or Star Sector and you'll realize their customization system has way more depth than SPAZ 2. The shift to an action brawler is a poor design decision.Overall not a fan of the sequel. Looks all funky and cool especially the gfx but thats all there is too it. It severely lacks substance and several game mechanics are detrimental to gameplay.Will review again post release and probably after a few patches."
,Not Recommended,252470,23045750,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,King Boengfasa,"Seeing the overwhelming postive reviews of users with just over 1 hour of gameplay, I'd like to speak up with the same (85 minutes) amount of time in the game.The game is in EA but I couldn't find any major changes planned regarding the core gameplay. Which is also the reason why my recommendation is ano.With the game being released into Early Access I was overjoyed; had been waiting for this since the game was announced. SPAZ 1 was, at least from my point of view, one of the best games in its genre, it had everything I could ask for. RPG-elements, a nice story, good controls and so on. It reminded me of a super-upgraded Swarm (the video game from 1998, man how I loved it) with a better story and gameplay, buying SPAZ 2 was a no-brainer for me.Fire up the warp-drives, dust off the Space-Zombie eating cannons and put on that cologne for Elza--let's rock this joint!Oh boy...how that joy was shortlived.Tl;drPros:+ The story is well done, the dialogue is what makes SPAZ+ Galaxy-map is simple and intuitive+ Activity (pirates, factions etc.) in the galaxy is fun+ Learning curve seems lowCons:- Ship customization is lacking- Battles and controls need improvement- 3D hasn't been able to take SPAZ 2 over its predecessorWell that's that, read on if you'd like to hear more of my opinion.---In generalI was truly missing the game features which made SPAZ such a great game. For example, the whole concept of having a mothership somewhere which warped smaller ships to specific warp-beacons is gone...just gone. Instead you know directly control the mothership while the smaller ships have been demoted to buzzing-space flies which are flying around the mothership as a distraction for enemies.The way you navigate has been overhauled and changed to a semi-realtime system where you fly around on a galaxy-map. Engaging in events such as raids will switch back to the view where you control the mothership (or one of the smaller ships). Overall navigation is refreshing and fun, but beware that it might not appeal to you if you're expecting something like SPAZ 1.Combat and ship controls are really lacking, a 'decent' score at best. Ship controls are sloppy and need improvement, but aren't game-breaking. Combat on the other hand actually is, at least for me. Where in SPAZ 1 I had some sort of awareness of my weapon loadout, in SPAZ 2 I hadno ideawhat I was pumping out of my ship. Sure I could see the weapon's stats, but the descriptions of the weapons aren't all that helpful.Battles now feature an option called 'Battle wagon mode' to let the AI fire turrets. The AI respects weapon groups, which is a neat feature.Personally I'd loved to see the battle system unchanged from SPAZ 1, but it isn't necessarily a bad battle system. Battlesdofeel a little...boring when compared to SPAZ 1 or other games in this genre.Dissapointed in the new way of customizing your ship. For me misses the mark by focussing on 'how' (physically attaching ship parts like 'lego') you do it rather then giving you a good feel of 'what' you're going to fly around with. Might be appealing to some, for me definitely a game-breaker.Overall SPAZ 2 feels like it has a broad focus of game elements, but none really appealing. A lot of reviewers say that this is an absolutely MUST-HAVE if you like and love SPAZ 1,but I beg to differ. To be really honest...I like SPAZ 1 way better and this feels like a serious step backwards. Feels like kicking the devs when they're on the ground (please, no hard feelings), but hiding the truth is worse.---First up, customizing your shipYour ship essentially consists of 'parts' attached to 'cores'. While this is nothing new, you have to physically attach the cores and parts together like building blocks using some sort of tractor beam. The concept is fun and original, but I couldn't find the added value next to just using a list to select where the parts (or coreS) should go. Some people may like it; I for one think it's fun the first few times, but quickly becomes a annoying chore. Moreover, the controls aren't intuitive and I was struggling to attach the nose of my ship. Might just be my inability to use the tractor beam, but the judge is still out on that one.Tried to love it, but failed sadly. Score: 'bad, could be better'From customizing to controllingControlling your ship is...meh. You'll get where you want to go, but ship handling could definitely be improved. Where 'forward' was the direction of your reticule in SPAZ 1, the samecouldbe said in SPAZ 2. Most of the time I had no 'feeling' as of which direction to press regarding the position of the reticule. Flying is kind-of horizontal, which should be easy to adjust to. But somehow I couldn't grasp the controls that well.Don't really know how the controls could be improved, but I'm sure they can.Sloppy to decent controls. Might be inexperience, but then again...I'm an experienced gamer. Score: 'so-so'Entering the SPAZ-galaxyNavigating around in the galaxy now is a semi-realtime experience. No one moves, except when you do. You no longer travel from system to system but navigate in an ever connected galaxy as an entity. You're sharing this galaxy witha lotof other entities which come in the form of starbases, gathering-points, other ships and so on. Interacting with these enteties is well done and easy to get into.Threat assessment could be a bit better though. As a level 14 threat I had trouble with a level 9 threat, something I wouldn't expect. In SPAZ 1 I would've absolutely gone loco on such a level difference, but no way sir not in SPAZ 2.All together I think it's a good and refreshing way of navigating around, but I prefer the system to system navigation. Also threat levels could be misleading. Score: 'okay'Battles, now in 3D! But...While 3D is graphically superior to 2D most of the time, I find that 2D games aren't always inferior in the ways of gameplay. The same can be applied to battles in SPAZ 2 and battles in SPAZ 1. Even though the switch to 3D has been made, the battles are lacking.You can have multiple smaller ships under your command just like SPAZ 1, but next to the mothership, none of the ships can be customized. The smaller ships, now called 'Strikecraft', are just there to take the heat off the mothership, which they do pretty well. They also dish out some much needed punishment of their own.While going through battles I found myself playing with just the mothership, really had no reason to plas as one of the smaller ships. You might find a valid reason such as hunting a hostile which is faster then the mothership. But since you can also make Strikecraft attack a chosen target, the same reason becomes invalid however.Damaging other ships is easy to see when switching on the damage numbers in the options, but I was missing some sort of HUD when locking into other ships. Didn't notice the 'HP-bar' of other ships until my 6th battle or so.Gravely dissapointed in the battles. While some may like it, this was definitely the game-destroyer for me. Score: 'you've been warned, consider watching YouTube'Sadly, already exiting the SPAZ-galaxy as of nowThe game isn't particulary bad, but feels lacking when compared to its predecessor. The whole SPAZ feeling is absent, everything I loved from SPAZ 1 is literally nowhere to be found. This might have been what the devs want, but this also means that you should think twice if you're expecting a reboot of SPAZ 1."
,Recommended,252470,24557556,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Hispeeday,"If you liked SPAZ 1, but disliked the grind, go play SPAZ 2.If you prefer tactical play in the form of Sid Meier's Starships, with a good portion of hands-on fighting in between, go play SPAZ 2.If you like slaving away min-max'ing your ship until it becomes the most powerful build it can be (for now), go play SPAZ 2.That said, coming from SPAZ 1 originally, I really like the new look. The music is great. The gameplay is solid. The 2 man dev team is busy pumping out patch (hotfixes) after patch (features).The only (slightly) dark shadow is the beginning of the game.. the learning curve seems a bit steep as the game is now. But the devs have this topic on their roadmap already.If you like an Early Access game with actually active developing, go buy SPAZ 2 and enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. Oh, and there are zombies ;-)"
,Recommended,252470,23746819,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kalil,"MinMax took a bit of a risk with this game.  Instead of making a direct mechanical sequal to the fun and popular original SPAZ, they chose to reinvent the game pretty dramatically.  What resulted was someting new and different and not directly comparable to any other games, so it's a little hard to describe.  SPAZ2 has a clever ship construction mechanic that allows for equally clever ship destruction, as well as a sort of mount-and-blade-style overworld with factions and independent NPC actors and economy.  It works pretty well, even in its somewhat rough Early Access form, and I find the combat quite enjoyable.  They offer a bunch of ways to play the game - I personally quite like the arenas, where you battle with a premade ship, but I can see a lot of attraction in the building mechanics and the 'empire-building'.It is an early access game, so many of the usual qualifiers apply: there are bugs and questionable design decisions that are still being worked out.  Game-altering (although rarely game-breaking) patches drop pretty much weekly, with a fairly steady stream of more minor hotfixes.  On that note, I want to give a huge shout-out to Blorf and the rest of the MinMax team for being the most responsive and friendly Devs I have ever seen on a Steam forum.  They make a point to respond to nearly every thread, they often impelement well-reasoned player suggestions within a day or two of reading them, they take criticisms with a great deal of grace, and are basically everything you could want in an Early Access developer."
,Recommended,252470,23051150,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Soulianis,"While SPAZ 2 is quite a bit different from SPAZ it is absolutely an improvement.GraphicsIt would honestly be difficult not to make an improvement over SPAZ in this area. The game still has a unique visual style but with more 3d and more camera options. Backgrounds are very similar while weapons and ships are more detailed. Simply put I like the way the game looks. If your expecting something amazing or top of the line you need to see a doctor. A $20 indie game isn't the place to look.ControlsI have been using the default which is camera relative. I have had no issue using this control scheme but it can be counter-intuitive. There is an option for the more standard ship relative controls. Since you primarily control your mother ship and it can get to be very big it can be a bit sluggish. However, simply using the engine boost correctly takes care of most issues.GameplayI like the living universe idea but I do wish it was a bit more living. The game is designed so that while you are not moving on the galaxy map nothing else is moving. It is nice since I can get up whenever without it being a problem but I have also had to basically fly around in circles for no reason while waiting for conditions to be right. For example, you can select a fellow captain in your faction to be your wingman and he/she will fly to you and follow you so that you have help in more difficult battles. Since they don't move while you are not moving I have had to just fly around so that they will move to me.Battles are rather quick in this game but not as quick as in SPAZ. Originally you could boost your ship up so much relative to the enemies that it wasn't really a battle at all. The biggest problem in SPAZ was combat becoming meaningless since the enemy did not stand a chance. In SPAZ 2 it is a much more even playing field since you don't have the option of taking a specific weapon type and boosting it beyond the levels of sanity. In my experience so far it seems like ramming the enemy is the best way to win and it is very amusing to ram off parts of the enemy ship. There is also a fun feature in that you can use your tractor beam to throw stuff at the bad guys. There are always explosive barrels or astroids around that you can use.Speaking of the wingman ability. I found it frustrating that having one didn't mean that he would actually make it into the battle. When you start a battle enemies will come to help each other and your allies will come to help you. This is great except that there is a four captain limit. So if you try to pick on one guy and two of his friends are faster than your friends you get to have fun fighting 3v1.Menus/UIFor the most part I have no complaints. However, on the galaxy map it can be hard to click on the right thing when there are a bunch of ships piled on top of each other. While playing the campaign there are constant interruptions that always seem to happen right when I am trying to click something.Ship buildingI think it's and interesting feature but you are very limited in what you can do and be effective. Turrets can't shoot through your own ship so building a box and putting wings/engines/whatever inside is a terrible idea as they won't be able to shoot most of the time. It seems to me that the best options are either a nearly straight vertical line or a horizontal line. Though really having a ship that is all engines and noses may not be the best bet.The ship building thing can be difficult to work with. I had constant problems with parts attaching in the wrong places and sometimes not wanting to attach unless I turned off the tractor beam and grabbed it again. I also managed to get parts stuck under the ship many times so I would have to leave the ship builder and reopen it. I was just throwing things around to be fair.Overall there are some QOL changes that will probably be made while the game is in early access but overall it is a rather good game."
76561197986673481,Recommended,252470,26487040,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RoCk aPe,"I have purposefully delayed writing a review for this game as I think any game in early access deserves a chance for the dev's to work on any issues.I've had SPAZ 2 in my library for quite some time. Upon launch I felt that the game was functionally good, thoroughly enjoyed my first playthrough of the Campaign. Everything worked, but something was missing.After a long hiautus I have returned to the game, wow, what a difference. The game has improved dramatically, gameplay wise its much more challenging,the bandits are a force to be reckoned with, the zombies are highly dangerous, especially immediately after taking over their territory, frequent ship to ship battles, I have an exceeding high threat level 156 atm and still got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by the zombies.If you want a game that you can:Design your own Capital Ship to take into Battle against various factions, Bandits and Zombies.Amazing Ship to Ship combat with great visuals and having to apply/create/perform tactics during combat in order to survive.Strategic decison making on the map level in order to gain resources to constantly improve your lot.Trying to survive against over 200 individual AI captains all vying for dominance, creating allies and enemies based on your behaviourwith an overarching sense that soon things will all go to hell.Great narration and a quirky sense of humour throughout the game.Amazing Dev's that respond to the community and have implemented a number community ideas into the game.There were negatives to this game when it first came out, and that was expected, however, the dev's have worked extremely hard to address the issues of the community, and in my view have surpasssed expectations, and seeing as there are only a two main dev's it remarkable how frequent their updates have been.You do need to spend more that a couple of hours to appreciate the complexity of the game, it will not hold your hand like a few of the AAA title out there, you now which ones I'm talking about. I have seen negative reviws abound by others who have less than 2 hours game time. There is no way anyone can make a well informed judgement after only two hours worth of gameplay, Give the game 20 hours and you'll see it is a highly enjoyable game.There are also many ways to fulfil an objectives, such as gaining levels, gaining resources and many ship design configurations that you can experiment with.Over time this game has become one of my favorite ever games to-date, even surpassing SPAZ 1 and I highly recommend it.Good job dev's."
76561198072772892,Recommended,252470,26687480,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,H4N5,Some of the best early access devs on the planet - they are exemplary for how early access should be done.
76561198005367727,Recommended,252470,27920607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Fucking Happy,"A captain that was friendly with me had been chased down by a bandit chief, I joined the fight and another bandit swooped in. I managed to ram the bandit to death but I couldn't stop the Chief from taking out the friendly captain, leaving me to fight against horrible odds. My main benefit is Engines, I swept around the Chief just out of range of his main weapons to take out all his strike craft, losing half my health in the process without even touching the Chief. I knew I was dead.Then I saw some teal space debris in the distance and I remembered when you destroy them, they create a shield damaging cloud. It was my only remaining hope. I positioned them between us, boosted my shields to max while the Chief, a behamoth of lasers and cannons, drew in. I blasted the space debris and the teal clouds surrounded him.In seconds his shields dropped, mine were barely there at all but if you ram with shields up you negate the damage while your enemy suffers the consequences.I boosted my engines and rammed that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ into an asteroid and kept ramming while we blew chunks off each-other.I ran out of energy, seconds away from being space debris myself, unable to fire, the Chief still overpowering me. The only thing I could do was tractor beam while recharging. I beamed the chunks of asteroid around us, smashed them into his Mothership Core over and over, expecting to die any second.One of the asteroid chunks released a gas explosion on his core, destroying his ship, which in turn started to release explosions itself. I boosted my engines and barely outran the death boom of the Chief, winning the fight with nothing to spare, shaking in my chair.The sheer options available to any fight alone make this game worth more than they sell it for, add in the massive world around you with hundreds of other captains able to do every single thing you do and the possibilities are endless, the fun is (in my opinion) endless. I know I will be addicted for the long run, and the game isn't even finished yet.Bravo."
76561198014241544,Recommended,252470,25586710,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,wooaa,"A fantastic game. Think sid meier's pirates and mount and blade had a wonderfull kid. You feel like a small fish in a big pond, trying to make a name for yourself in a vast and unforgiving world. Combat is thrilling and deep as you pilot your mothership, comand your strike craft, and even assume direct control as needed. Parts of enemy ships take indavidual dammage, allowing you to take out their wepons or sheilds indavidualy.it is a ton of joy customosing your ship.10/10"
76561198046387917,Recommended,252470,34700330,Posted: 2 September,all,OZwald9,Review for Oculus RiftI picked this game up because I liked what I saw from some videos and it had good reviews. They were not wrong!The VR implementation is fantastic! It is one of those games that shows VR does not have to be in first person. The graphics and art style look fantastic in the Oculus Rift. It is really a site to see and it is really immersive when your in big battles with multiple Motherships around.The motion control scheme for VR feels comfortable and works well.The core game so far has been fun. You explore space gathering resources and building up your Mohtership to beat the bad guys. Building up your Mothership and taking her in to battle is where its at though :)The only thing I feel that is missing right now is more graphical settings for VR. An option to increase Super Sampling would do the trick.Thumbs up!
76561198042870827,Recommended,252470,25441712,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cereberus Shepard,Currantly have only 4 hours in Game but what an eventful four hours of excitment adventure and being stalked by pirates Very happy i bought this title even though it is VERY different from S.P.A.Z.1 it still has the charm and humour and its own uniqueness and replayability...the fairly regular updates..Things i Like:Modular shipsSmart enemiesBeing able to trade with everyone(at a loss for fellow captains)SynegiesRamming shipsThrowing debris at an enemy and seeing them explodeMore Versatility of fighters!Thing i deslike:The voicesThe universe sizeThings i would like to see(if possible):Unique Ships designs that drop blueprints(if possible)an expanded Galaxy(custom sizes if possible)More control over colour schemes(perhaps and RGB style would work)Special attacks(with a cooldown of once per battle)Goon transport for sabatage and mayhem(transfer limit determind by core size)as i play more i wil probably find more stuff i like/dislike/would like to seeWill happiliy RECCOMEND this game to anyone who likes fun
76561198041003386,Recommended,252470,23056935,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Moreno,"Majority of current steam reviews in a nutshell:Positive: People who enjoyed the game on its own and/or hope for its bright future.Negative: People who expected SPAZ 2 to be SPAZ 1 with 3D graphics.----First off,I feel bad for the (two) hard working developers that are seeing such effort being blasted by dubious reviews, but this is capitalism flooded by a bunch of naive people. It is clear that the game is not perfect (YET) but is IS NOT supposed to be  SPAZ 1. Also, besides being on early access, just as SPAZ 1, SPAZ 2 will be heavily driven by the community.So I make a public appeal: If you happened to not check out the developer's demo video of the game that came up before the EA launch and was caught off guard when you realized the game was very different from SPAZ 1, then please, ask for a refund and/or remove your thumbs down.This is very important to them because, although they are only two, as I said, the game was always community-driven and the first one had even great mods in which the developers had given a lot of support to the modders. That's why I see a good future for this game.The rating should be a balance between the development team, the effort and the game. In the end, all that we paid for was a game that could give us enough hours of fun to pay its price. If you paid for for a Modern SPAZ 1 then it is completely your fault. So, please, don't hurt the development team just because you wanted another game. SPAZ 1 is still out there and very moddable.----I really liked the game and I'm still willing to put way more hours into it. What makes me going forward is the ship customization and the will to improve yourself (gunpower, shape, variety, factions etc) which every grind-like game provides. It may not provide this grinding method in the best possible way yet but there is a long road ahead for the developers and the supportive community.Regarding the future multiplayer, I still hope that it will turn out to have a differently balanced COOP as well instead of just PVP duels.Regarding the camera and controls: If you want the camera and controls from SPAZ 1 you can actually almost have it by disabling ""relative controls"" in the gameplay options and using the top-down camera (""C"" key by default). The difference is that you can't strafe with your ship (maybe not yet).The other SPAZ-1-FREE reviews explained a lot about the detailed features, pros and cons which I mostly agree with all of them so I won't repeat myself as I don't have much time right now, I really just wanted to point out that appeal."
76561198019289587,Recommended,252470,30051436,Posted: 19 February,all,Vaelic,"I loved the first game, and now I love this one too.  They definitely feel different, and this one has it's own set of merits.  I recommend them both."
,Recommended,252470,34694215,Posted: 2 September,all,That Man,"Probably one of my favorite games right now, The campaign is while easily beaten in a few hours is a lot of fun and pretty compelling. In my opinion the fun of the game comes once you beat the campaign and start up a sandbox game. There is a lot of tweakable sliders to control just about anything you can think of in the sandbox mode which allows you to really suit the game to your playstyle. My only complaint right now would be that you can't get anymore than 15 cores which heavily limits the size of your ship, though the developer said they are planning on adding a slider which dictates the maximum cores for your ship.Absolutely worth the sticker price, easy to get into and not much of a learning curve. Tons of weapons to find and really fun combat. The game is in a very playable state with pretty much all of the promised content if not all of it, I've had 0 crashes or significant bugs in my nearly 60 hours of game time."
,Recommended,252470,23409195,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Karl_Hibou,"!!!SPAZ2 is not SPAZ!!!It keeps the spirit of the first, but offers a different experience.Pros-Emergent storytelling-Simple yet satisfying faction building-Solid gameplay-Devs respond to feedback and fix/improve the game regularlyCons-Lack of control over the members of your faction"
,Recommended,252470,23058393,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ark Player,"Absolutely recommend this game to everyone who loves sandbox+faction+spacecombat+warfare+actionstrategy games!I just wish people would stop trolling the reviews system and attemtping to kill the game by creating nonsensical reviews such as:""This is nothing like SPAZ 1#Cry""""The gameplay isn't the same as SPAZ 1#Cry""""Why do we not have multiplayer yet#Cry""""I cant figure out how to play or switch to 2D mode#Cry""To those people:Go Away, this isn't SPAZ 1, it's a completely new game with a new spin on the series.I however do agree that there needs to be a few changes, thats why this is in early access and the Devs /know that/They however decided to release the game in early access so you spoiled children could enjoy the game /before it's finished/So stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing, you /asked/ for this for years, it's here now, so stop trying to kill the game with your self intitled instabilities, instead provide feedback, /real/ feedback, Email them.-LordRyn"
,Not Recommended,252470,23091895,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,aeroripper,"A bit disappointed in the direction the game took from the first one.  I've put a few hours into Spaz 2 since release and it just doesn't hold my attention like the original did (100+ hours) so I've had to quit playing for now.  I think this is primarily due to spending the majority of your game time on the star map (boring) rather than zooming around in your ship the majority of the time like in Spaz 1.  Many of the elements that made Spaz 1 exciting and fun to play (to me) are absent in the sequel.Flying around in your ship and blowing stuff up (even the grindy aspects like harvesting asteroids) was still fun to do.  You were in your ship flying around 90% of the time and had relatively minimal interaction with the other GUIs like the star map.  This allows the player to bond with their ship(s) and made it much more enjoyable to see your tiny ship and fleet grow over the course of the game.  Spaz 2 is the opposite, where you spend maybe 20-30% of your time flying around shooting stuf in a clunky environment, and the other 70% interacting with an interface.I've always felt that game sequels should be 1/3 old, 1/3 improved, and 1/3 new.  Spaz 2 skews that formula and presents an entirely different game vastly different from its predecessor.  The simulation on the star map is now the main feature, and zooming around in your ship(s) feels like a tacked on accessory.  To that end, I feel the game may appeal to those who like simulation games over those who prefered the more action oriented original.Despite the impressively hard work that's been put into the game, I can't recommend the title since I don't find it a fun game anymore due to the above reasons.  Here's to hoping there's a major overhaul by the time the game exits early access."
,Recommended,252470,29350442,Posted: 18 January,all,vitalik1700,"I don't understand why some people are so obsessed with SPAZ 1. Yes, it was a nice little game with a lot of good things, but it had serious issues - customization was good to the point you unlock a biggest ship and pack all it's slots with weapons, technologies was more like ""choose how are you going to play for the rest of the game and if you change your mind you will suffer"", and endless ""jump to system, kil people, bribe/kill guards, rinse and repeat"" was becoming too repetitve even on smallest maps (when i tried to play big map once, i was bored to death instantly).And now comes SPAZ 2, which shares much with the first game, but is basicaly a piece of old SPAZ 1 gameplay, mixed with some sort of 4X strategy and  RPG. Obviously, SPAZ2 has a lot more things to offer, and new things are constantly added.And yet some people are discontent that SPAZ2 is NOT SPAZ1 with a better graphics. I completely don't get it.So, about the game itself. The game is... refreshing. It manages to ideally fit all its elements to create very satisfying experience. For example, the main thing - it's space battles. They are not 2D (which is not only too simplistic, but there is a ton of 2D space combat games, which are boring me to death at this point). Yet they are not completely 3D (your ship can move only on 2D plane, but your fighters can go up and down), so combat doesn't consist of endless rollings around, trying to catch your target in crosshair, like in other games (this, for example, infuriates me in X3 Terran Conflict and bores to death in pure space simulators to the pint where i just can't play them). If you can fire manually but if you don't want, you cen set on Battle Wagon mode and concentrate on maneuvering. You can field fighters and target them. And you can filed strike craft which can then field more fighters. Or you can forget about fighter and go ram enemy - which is pure eye candy when you manage to rip off half of it's weapons in a single blow (just watch the shield - either your or his should be down, or you just bounce off).And so is with everything. Starmap may look simplistic, but there are constantly random events appearing, someone is fightng and world really lives (like in X3, except those who live there are really people with their own personality, who remember everything about you). Part selection may look too random, but really there is a possibility to get the parts you need most of ther time, and if you find really good part with e really good weapon, it's a thing that realy makes you feel good. Zombies now really a threat, which will overwhelm you if you try to stay out of trouble too much time. And all this still gets updates, fixes and additional content, like planned in the nearest future multiplayer.So, for me this a best game i played for the long, long time and i will definitely recomend it to everyone else."
,Recommended,252470,32185767,Posted: 4 June,all,Mythra,"Overall, I really enjoyed my first playthrough of the game. I think it will have good replayability, and I look forward to future updates. The game is definitely worth $20, even in Early Access.As we all know, Indie developers have limited time and resources, so they really have to pick-and-choose which content and features they want to prioritize.  Before you jump in, be sure and read their comments in the ""Early Access"" section of the Store Page, and be sure to watch the ~50 minute video stickied in the Discussions section (I wish I had seen that before I started playing).So just a few comments, of which some hav already been commented on by the Devs:a) There's a steep learning curve initiallyb) The Tutorial system throws A LOT at you right off the batc) I am not an idiot, but I still had many questions about how some game systems (and stats) work after 20+ hours of play (e.g. If I gift equipment to Captains, will they use it? Can I sterlize gear without equipping it, if so, how? How do I get synergies?)d) The text-to-voice is horrendous. Without a doubt, it takes away from the game experience. Getting real VAs should be a priority.Voices.com. It's not *that* expensive.e) Not being able to skip text-to-voice/text in the final mission was annoyingf) In Campaign, some game systems are gated through the Story progression, but as a new user, I wasn't really told WHY I wasn't able to do certain things (e.g. claiming a starbase, then trying to claim a second starbase).g) The Ship Building system is incredibly clunky, especially in battlefields. I found it maddening that I couldn't easily ""claim"" ship parts that were thrown off of ships after they went explodey, without having to totally tear-down my ship. It got old very very fast, and I eventually stopped trying to get upgrades this way."
,Recommended,252470,29153676,Posted: 9 January,all,Dark Star 6,"DO NOT SLEEP ON THIS GAME!!!(Edit: Just realised something. This is essentially BORDERLANDS. IN. SPACE!)I just played for 7 hours straight, and that says a lot for me. Let me tell you why.As much as I love video games, I hate them more than anything. Why?Because they are so f*cking boring nowadays. It's the same thing over, and over, and over.I've played a lot of the popular space games here on Steam, even FTL. I hate them all.Sure, they're pretty and they have a lof of features and charm, but I hate them.I don't know what it is that makes me hate most games, but I do.This game. This game is an exception.Yeah, you are limited to, in my opinion, a pretty small play area. The map isn't big at all.But, this is perfect, because the entire map is a running simulation of all the AI doing their own thing.They place bounties on you if you♥♥♥♥♥♥them/their faction off, kill them, etc.Getting to join a faction just makes it even more fun. You eventually start feeling a sense of pridein your faction, protecting it every chance you get. Any why wouldn't you, you get an insane amountof experience for helping people out when they are getting attacked(not just those in your faction).There is a ton of different weapons for the size of the game. So what I mean is, there is a dozen weapon types that can have a dozen different firing modes and they are all gradiated from 1 star to 4-5 star.The drone system is just... ugh, the drone system. Perfection.I can't go over everything. I just spent a straight 7 hours in the game, so it is still all fresh on my brain.I don't want to make this any more of a TL;DR than it already is, so just trust me.BUY. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,252470,30267976,Posted: 1 March,all,Syzygy,"It's not SPAZ 1, not quite. So if you came in wanting more SPAZ 1 with better graphics, you'll have to look elsewhere. Also Multiplayer is right out, the developers never made any absolute promises in that regard, despite the whiners and man-children screeching about ""betrayal"" in other knee-jerk reaction reviews.The game is rendered in 3D but all action takes place on a 2D plane, similar to terrestrial naval combat. The overall game feels like a mix between a high-octane, much better designed version of the combat from Sid Meiers Pirates with the strategical element is reminicient of Mount and Blade: Warband.The game feels nearly complete and is surprisingly bug-free as of the current iteration despite its early access tag. I would definitely recommend this title to anyone who likes a mix of arcadey naval combat and strategy lite."
76561198010013436,Recommended,252470,34062989,Posted: 6 August,all,Haku,"Delivered on Early Access goals, 2 man team. Great job."
,Recommended,252470,29238137,Posted: 13 January,all,Vladkins,9/10 - Great space top down shooter with RPG elements+ Addictive gameplay+ Excellent art style+ Very fun to customize ships+ Indie dev builds on the first game- Missing some features that first game had/different game
76561198019820859,Recommended,252470,25605463,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,katkatir,"I have one rule:  Never buy an early access game.I broke my rule for SPAZ2 as I enjoyed the first SPAZ so much that I felt that I could trust them.It did not go unrewarded.SPAZ 2 has a lot of the flavor of the original but taken to a new level.I really enjoy the mothership building system.  Hell, even shopping for parts is fun as you can go around and do whatever you want to do, and they arrive safely by courier from whatever port they were purchased from.The fighing is definitely more intense for me, as well as all those other npc captains out there doing the same thing as me, sometimes with me, sometimes against me.All in all, I look forward to seeing how the game develops, but in my mind I've already got my money's worth.Whatever develops next is just gravy :P"
76561197990997864,Recommended,252470,24634935,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,aetherdadta,"SPAZ 2 is definatly worth the price. I am a huge SPAZ 1 fan and coming into this i was pretty excited. It is its own game and I wouldnt compare it TOO much too SPAZ 1 although it shares a lot of the atmosphere that I loved about SPAZ 1. This game seems to be more focused on ships and mothership battles. The games graphics are pretty good and I like the animations ect. The game is very ambitious and I think they do well overall. New comers and old fans ought to both be satisfied. I played and beat the storyline on whatever the defualt difficulty is and experimented with ship building for a total of about 35-40 hours gameplay. The game does not really feel like its lacking anything major to be able to come out of early release, although there are a few minor complaints, and most of those are already admitted to being addressed by the Devs! These guys are great!Through my playtime the game crashed once and I am not really sure if you can blame the game or my rig or Windows, I wasnt devestated by it, the game autosaves often. I did however notice something that may be worth pointing out. I play on a 34"" Acer curved screen @ 3440x1440. In massive battles with tons of strike crafts and carrier attachments and 3+ huge motherships my FPS would dip down to 35 - 40 sometimes. 95% of the time I stayed at my max setpoint of 75FPS though. With all the tons of pieces and attachments and different types of weapons it can take about 10 hours to get the hang of building a well balanced mothership if you dont look at any guides or read any walkthroughs(I didnt), these may help some people out more than others.Basic specs for comparison.Xeon 1270V3 CPURadeon R9 ASUS STRIX Fury (OC)32 GB Ram950 PSUAcer 34"" 3440x1440"
76561198042160680,Recommended,252470,24976760,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,erikem,"I'm not familiar with SPAZ but I'm a fan of many other 2D space games starting from EV series.Can't say really much here but in general SPAZ2 seems like a very good game with even better potential and I recommend it for people who like EV series, star nomad, transcendence, NAEV, etc.It may lack some deepness as of now but with the current pace of development and excellent support from developers it will surely grow into amazing feature-rich masterpiece quite soon."
76561197960912290,Recommended,252470,35070653,Posted: 19 September,all,Vividnightmare,"Not bad at all. A bit difficult to explain really, it's a top down shooter and a 3rd person shooter in real time. It also has base building/empire building mechanics and a RPG level system. It plays a bit like Civilization in the empire aspects, and a bit like Black Flags ship to ship combat in the ship aspects. It feels a lot different from the first SPAZ, but pretty much all in good ways. For as simple as the game may sound, it has tremendous depth in every aspect. It's a bit overwhelming in fact, but it is explained rather well in the tutorial. This is for those who enjoy the empire building type of game but want more action focused, combat oriented gameplay. Not nearly as in depth as something like Galactic Civilizations 3, which I'm happy about. There is just enough empire managing while no real micro-managing. Ship building is actually a little more taxing, requiring you to understand/remember a list of symbols referring to a series of attributes. Pretty easy to understand and read either way, there is a TON of ship parts and overall I feel the basics (how do I get more CORES???) is a little under explained. I'm sure however with enough time put in all of this becomes rather easy to grasp. The folks making this have done really well to make what could be tedious slogging mechanics quite simple and easy to manage."
76561197985262402,Not Recommended,252470,23050315,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Swoosh So Fast,"Was a huge fan of SPAZ 1, they took a different direction with 2 though - there is less focus on contructing your own fleet and top-down arcade spaceship battles, and more focus on trying to fly a big awkward battleship around while you autotarget anything in a ten foot radius. It's probably fun if you're looking for a third-person-view spaceship battle game, but if you were hoping for the chance to construct your own custom fleets and specialize your tech in any direction other than ""level up for +15% weapon damage, OR +20% shields!"", then you should give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,252470,23073932,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,cracatoa,"I have nearly 7.5 hours into SPAZ 2 now, and the initial excitement of being back into the SPAZ universe has worn off...no, it has sadly died off almost entirely.  Luckily, I can still install and play SPAZ and enjoy something truly unique, challenging, and fun.So, here comes my breakdown:GraphicsI have no problem with the graphics.  They aren't stellar, but I look for gameplay much more than graphics.  The ships are pretty bland, particle effects and models are reused (or at least very similarly duplicated) throughout the game, and the map is pretty basic.ControlsOnce you get it out of the default ""Relative Control"" setting, the controls are fine.  Why they chose to set the default to something so awful is beyond me, but it is in Early Access.  Hopefully they'll get that fixed.MechanicsThere are 2 categories here:  Sector Simulaiton and Flight/Combat Simulation.Sector simulation is fine, and actually the most interesting component of the game.  Having allies, enemies, neutrals, bandits and zombies contribute to the dynamic of the Sector Map is great.  Trade and resource gatheringseemsalive on the surface, but there really isn't anything to it other than the graphical representation of ships going back and forth.  There are no real commodities other than Goons and Rez, and those are essentials to flying your ship and act more like a staple.The Flight/Combat Simulation portion of the game is awful.  The worst parts of Star Control are poorly meshed with Independence War.  There are a hodge podge of preset weapon groups (which are changeable through the options menu), but the game flatout tells you that the Battle Wagon (automated targetting and shooting by the AI) mode is the preferred and most efficient method.  With no good range indicators for each weapon, it is best to leave the computer to handling the weapons system.  Combat turns into endlessly flying around into position and watching things explode, broken up time-to-time with the need to ""boost"" your shields to mitigate damage.  Other than the shield boosting, the interactivity of the Combat Simulation is barely more intriguing than a Cow Clicker.Content and ReplayabilityThe Sector Map is relatively small compared to the prior entry from MinMax Games.  Aside from laying out your ship differently, the options for weapons and components are severely limited and many of them feel utterly unnecessary.  That is perhaps just a balancing issue and can be resolved before the game is fully released.StabilityI've had no issues whatsoever with stability.Continuity from PredecessorNearly non-existent.  Beyond the lore and theme, the game is a completely different game.  They are cashing in on the name, which is fine.  If only the game was fun beyond nostalgia.ConclusionReinstall SPAZ and enjoy a great and unique space sim experience, and then lament over what could have been.The devs have posted a few positive comments about making some changes and adding content.  Based on how wonderful they were with SPAZ, I believe them.  I think that my review of this game will change a good bit once it leaves EA, and I am hoping that will be in the positive direction."
76561198007178612,Recommended,252470,25734689,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Diarmuhnd,"03/28/2017 : new update : the devs have kept working on it. New large map, choice of up to 21 cores now, alot more options & even an insane dificulty choice. The devs still need / want feedback to fix anymore bugs & to further tweak everything in game up till now.So, this is one of the few early access games that are trying to do it right.------------------------------- old review below --ok. its been a long while since i played.but i did play for a lil over 100 hrs.even tried to write a guide to help players.i fell in LOVE with ramming, even made a ""special"" Ramming Shipit is NOT like Spaz 1.Its fun, a little to easy, or insanely impossible ; we get the choice.Theres ALOT of vids, etc, check them out. You will see for yourself if you would like playing.They worked hard to fix problems, and listen to players suggestions.i do intend to play again. got distracted by a couple of other ea games that i like.especially to test out the changes they've made to ramming. I wonder how she will hold up in a very hard engaement.i do miss the EPIC scope of Spaz 1 though, alot. Spaz 2's map feels so miniscule *small* in comparison. :(still. I recomend this game.I'm looking forward to its full release."
76561198032299211,Recommended,252470,26039199,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,VerumJulos,Good game and getting better. Its kinda like M&B in space with zombies.It also has a sandbox mode where you can turn the zombies off if you are absolutely tired of zombies.Lego ship builder with moderate empire building and 3d space battles.
76561198030666237,Recommended,252470,26250373,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ReaperV,"The basics: Should you get this game? If you saw the screenshots/videos, read the description of the game and the features, and started reading this review, the answer is YES!Is this basically SPAZ 1 with better graphics? No, but close. Many of the mechanics we liked so much from the first have changed, mostly due to the fact that in SPAZ 2 you are now flying the giant mothership, which was the ""base"" you returned to with the ship you were flying in SPAZ 1... you can launch your own smaller ships during combat. So it's different enough in the gameplay mechanics to not be SPAZ 1.5, while maintaining the stellar writing and humor from the first game. My recommendation to players who wonder if they need to get SPAZ 1 or 2 if they have not played either? Start with SPAZ 1, enjoy it for what it is, then come back to SPAZ 2 so that it's easier to follow the story, and enjoy it as its own game that makes references to the first game.I got this game in Early Access shortly after it being available on Steam. The game has changed a lot since then, with every list of patch notes improving on the few negatives that may have existed, and the game seems to be slowly but steadily evolving from there. I still put-in an easy 23 hours into my first play-through of the early product just going through the story mode campaign. I found the game to be very addictive and fun even at that point... I just wished it was longer/more challenging by the end, but then again, I suppose that's what the Sandbox mode is for. I decided to put it down before trying the Sandbox mode simply because I wanted to see more features added to get a fresher experience at that time. I WILL be returning to this game for many more hours in the future.Pros:- Great graphics on high-end machines- Story is funny and full of twists, just like in SPAZ 1- Ship-building is simple and intuitive enough to not cause anxiety attacks like many modern building/design games with their high learning-curves- Real sense of progression as you gain levels, your ships becomes larger, and you get more powerful/larger weapons- Sandbox mode allows you to tweak many game parameters to make the game more to your liking- Game still under development and constantly improving to this day- Easy to pick-up and stop at any time for people with real lives...Cons:- ... putting down the game when you get started requires willpower of STEEL :'(- The map/galaxy you are in is a bit on the small-side, so even in a custom Sandbox game the length of your game is going to be limited to 10-20 hours, depending on your play-styleOther thoughts:- Due to the nature of the game focusing on combat, there is not really an ""exploration"" aspect to this game that is a core to many other games in this genre... oh, well. The developers took the route of more explody-FUN over having a tacked-on boring mechanic for the sake of having it. The ""fog of war"" that covers sectors you have not been to is their interpretation of the mechanic.- The player ship flies on a 2D plain, much like a boat on a calm lake, while the game and certain aspects (like Fighters) fly in full 3D (up to a maximum distance away from the central plain). Some people love it, some people hate it. It was done this way to allow for simpler controls and a lower learning-curve, while making naval-style broadside combat viable. It worked for another one of my favorite space games of all time, and in my opinion it works here.Ideas for improvement:- Optional larger map and a higher level cap for those that simply HAVE to have that 7-Star part ship to squeeze every ounce of goodness from this game. :D- Being able to build larger ships if the engine could be made to handle it... this has been addressed many times and even experimented with, and there is a definite limitation here, so I would not hold my breath here.If I had to rate this on a scale, I would say 9.5/10... 23 hours went-by awfully fast in this game. I could see this being a 10/10 if it could just be BIGGER and more epic in scale (as an option), but it's a really great time at its current state. Another classic from the developers of SPAZ 1."
,Recommended,252470,23078340,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jiggle Daddy,The combat is so fun and fluid i personally love ramming enemy motherships trying to warp away to knock them away from the warp gate. Also the writing is top notch if you enjoyed the first SPAZ then the writing will not dissapoint. The little empire management/factions system is great and works well its very similar to Mount and Blade if you have played that. SPAZ 2 is a nice little gem which im sure will be refined over the next couple of months.
,Recommended,252470,23845902,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Innomen,"The reason people read reviews is to determine if they should buy the game. The answer in this case is yes. If you like the sound of the idea of a space rpg where your character is a ship, get this immediately.It reminds me of a modern space version of stratosphere.Frankly I love it to pieces. (Literally ship components hehe.)Space Pirates and Zombies is likely among my top three games of all time. Spaz2 is an improvement in virtually every way in my opinion, and yet well different enough to be a stand alone.The universe even now in version 0.3 feels very much alive. The battle is nicely paced, exactly as advertised, like huge pirate ships on an ocean of stars.One time I was in a fight, and right as I was about to die the enemy had shot off one of my engine components, I had damaged him greatly, but I was doomed. In panic and frustration I grabbed that engine part with my tractor beam and flung it at the enemy as a kind of final screw-you before death, but the engine chunk flew right into an exposed area of sub-cores and destroyed the enemy ship.No game is perfect. Especially not to me. I'm hilariously picky. But this game earned being my first direct Steam purchase in years and the only near full price paid since the advent of humble bundle and steam gifts.Games are never worth the asking price imo. (I'm actually very much against the entire concept of IPL.) But if you assume the system is unavoidable, which most do for the moment, then this game is one of the few, if not the only exception, even if development stopped right now.What I love about this game is the freedom to play in such a wide variety of ways. I play peacefully more or less, and economically. Virtually every task in this game can be obviated economically. That's tremendously cool imo because it's realistic. Logical consistency is important to me. and despite the fanciful theme of the game, more dark comedy than serious Sci-Fi, it does have a spine of consistent logic and plausibility which I find indispensable.There virtually isn't anything you can't pay someone to do. When games insist on making that impossible they instantly show their unreality to me. The ""people"" in the games in this way reveal themselves to be robots. I stopped playing ARPGs (which this is one could argue) because of that. It started in diablo 2. If I can hire one mercenary why can't I hire two?This game has precious few invisible walls and the context is such that you could techno babble your way into justifying them.This game is truly brilliant. If you want a galaxy sandbox to play in, this is it, and I can only see it getting better.I prefer the story feel of games like Ringrunner, Homeworld Cataclysm, or even Infinite Space 3, but while those games are good in their ways, Spaz 2 is superior all told by a gargantuan margin. And of course this game is far from complete.It might wellone day evolve into what a modern Star Control would look like. Just need more factions and the addition of planets. Especially if they open everything up to modding as much as they can.I hope they own all the assets and have that option. I don't believe they did in Spaz1 because of the tools they used to make it. But I can't know for sure.In anycase I literally am cutting this review short for now because I want to go play."
,Recommended,252470,23082695,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,HoriceGump,"SPAZ 2 is a phenomenal game.  It's not SPAZ 1, if you want SPAZ 1, go play SPAZ 1.  If you look at SPAZ 2 with open eyes, it's a different game, with different mechanics.  If you want to move house, get a big van, if you want to drive fast on a race track, get a sports car.  If you just want SPAZ 1.5, just get SPAZ 1 with some mods.SPAZ 2 is still in early release, but the dev's are working solidly to fix bugs, they've released 4 hot fixes in the last 24 hours I think.  I'm half expecting their families to go on strike, they'll not have seen them in months!The game: You're in charge of a space ship, and some nasty zombies (the Z part of SPAZ), want to spoil your day.  You build up your space ship, getting parts off enemies you've killed, or buying from space stations.  As you level up, you get 'perks', +weapon damage, +shield, +capacitor capacity, etc.  The levels are inifinite, you can grind as much as you want, you can go in for the quick kill, there is no right, and there is no wrong, there is just your way.Anyway, buy the game, it's brilliant, it'll bring about world peace, it'll put food in the mouth's of the dev's families, it'll probably bring about the election of the government of your choice, if you'd just believe enough. ;)Buy the game!"
,Not Recommended,252470,23105973,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,FattyMooMooMan,"While this is not a bad game it is a disappointment when compared to its predecessor. The game feels less vibrant and more shallow, the realtime map is ok but adds little to the feel of the game, the modular ship design is good and the graphics are obviously better.The first game felt more varied, the faction/zombie elements more interesting, I liked the varied ship designs and the perk system better (you wont specialise energy weapons/projectiles/drones/etc in this game) and the game drew you in more.I the original my ships felt like a small fleet I could upgrade and setup my own way, the new system feels like you have just the one ship with a few optional types of drone buzzing around you.Maybe when this leaves early access it will have progressed a lot and I can change my review but for now I would not recommend this over the original game (and the original is cheap these days).Its all a shame really as I looked forward to this game for so long, maybe my expectations were too high?"
,Recommended,252470,29166961,Posted: 10 January,all,ddaanet,"First review.I play a lot of space games (KSP, Elite Dangerous, Space Engineers, Rebel Galaxy, Space Cargo, Astroneer, SOADE, Spore, Rebel Galaxy, Reassembly, FTL, Stellaris etc.) and I write from the perspective of a sci-fi fan who enjoys pretty much anything that happens in space.SPAZ was largely inspired by Asteroids+Elite style games such as Escape Velocity Nova. I played it and enjoyed it a lot.SPAZ2 keeps the lore from SPAZ and adds two new game mechanics:2.5D combat like Rebel Galaxy. The depth dimension is important for asteroid mining and to the appearance of fighter drones.Squares-based ship crafting in a single plane. and ship component looting and trading. It's finer than typical elite-style games, but it's coarser than Space Engineers, KSP or Reassembly. Actually it's similar to Space Cargo and TerraTech.A ship starts with a mother node (like TerraTech's cabin). Then core nodes that connect to the mother node and provide passive bonuses. Then weapon nodes that add their own passive bonuses and a some kind of ordnance. All nodes are added in one plane (like Space Cargo or Reassembly), so they act like squares.You can be clever with your layoutAll pilotable ships move in the same plane, and weapon orientation and ship layout is important to tactics. In my ship, I use front and left for direct-fire weapons, and back and right for missiles.The battlefield can get confusing. But when that happens, it usually means a quick end one way or another. Overall the gameplay with a gamepad is pleasant and satisfying. The explosions are great, too!The art and the game engine is pretty. The writing and characterisation is in the same vein as SPAZ. It's funny, sarcarstic and self-derisive.The game is stable enough, and there's enough game content for the money. I would encourage prospective buyers to wait until voice acting is added (""very soon"").If you like space games, or just blasting things into oblivion with spectacular weapons, that one is for you."
76561197970505214,Recommended,252470,23184912,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Pontiac Jones,"This isn't SPAZ1.  If that's all you care about then this probably isn't what you want.SPAZ2 is an evolution of the game play in the first one and makes several critical changes.  In this one you are the mothership, a highly configurable mothership, with a variety of ARPG-esq loot.  The combinations are pretty staggering and I've only really played with one type of setup in my first game.  This modular system is great if you enjoy building and configuring your own ship, while upgrading with new/better loot found throughout.The combat initially seems smaller, but once you've got a full complement of strikecraft while fighting several other captains simultaneously the battles get quite hectic.  You can play a few bouts staying away from the enemy with sniper cannons and drone fighters, but later on I was a laser and cannon junkie.  I especially liked taking their shields down and then ramming their engines to rip them off the ship.  The AI is decent here and I lost quite a few confrontations when they decided to gang-up on me when my shields dropped.The story mode has the same flow as the first one.  You start out a nobody captain fighting bandits to get enough resources and experience to advance.  Later on you're part of a faction, fighting their enemies, and making a few of your own that will likely last the duration of the game (assuming they aren't zombified later).  The final part has you running your own faction, while recruiting captains you've made friends with over the course of your game.  That's when you get to take on the zombies or they take on you depending on how it goes.My only real complaints are that the tutorial seems to go on forever.  You can't really do or see much of the game while constrained to just the first 10 levels so if you don't persevere the game might seem rather boring.  I also leveled up passed 40 in my story game, which meant I was capped on the number of sub-cores I could get, but this was probably just me wanting to supplement some drone parts along with my lasers/cannons.  Finally, replacing inner sub-cores with better loot later in the game is mildly annoying having to remove all the parts and then reconnect them piece by piece.Overall I find it quite enjoyable.  Now on to sandbox mode..."
76561198040751213,Recommended,252470,24982687,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Arch Osis,"-great concept, and can't wait for multiplayer-solid performanceone of the best EA games I have played...game needs some tweaks but for the most part this is an awesome game!*reguardiging multiplayer:The devs are still promising this feature. They claim the Unity engine has changed quite a bit since they first started making the game. Basically they will have to re-do a bunch of stuff to be updated within Unity. This needs to be done and will take time as many of the changes will impact multiplayer."
76561198010960210,Recommended,252470,31752862,Posted: 14 May,all,2c,"Fun gameFor early access it is nice to see developers release it in a playable state instead of releasing a bare bones travesty.Community input is valued and taken into consideration, which has not been the case with the past few early access titles i've taken part of.I'd like to see some more occurring events, mining op being the only one at the time being.  Also it would be neat to salvage goons and scrap from exploded ships.solid 8/10  could be better (and probably will be!), these guys have put forth a great effort and kept the spirit of spaz 1 alive and well."
76561198045772995,Recommended,252470,34854669,Posted: 9 September,all,Soopy,"The game is solid, at this price point it is 100% worth it.My only major criticism is that to begin with picking fights with pirates can be a bit hit and miss. You'll find a low tier pirate and engage only to have three of his buddies appear seemingly out of now where and completely stooge you. That is far from a deal breaker though, just requires some situational awareness.Besides that, the only other problem I've had is the stats icons can be hard to remember. I have to keep checking the key to find out which icon relates to what stat and when you do that the stat's disapear from the component you're looking at. It should be a mouse over deal IMO.All that said, 100% solid title. 10/10 Would buy again."
76561198008629034,Recommended,252470,24240367,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cwatcom,"This game is awesome and has so much potential.  From different weapon/ship configurations to the different ways to politically handle the competition and make money, there are so many ways to play.  I loved the original SPAZ but I am happy with the direction this game is going (procedural universe).  To the devs:  I would love to see more configuration options for the ship/space station size and weapons."
,Recommended,252470,23102355,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Caricifus,"Release date: May 17 in the afternoonPurchase date: May 17 in the eveningCurrent date: May 20thCurrent Time spent in game: 24 hoursI bought this game when I got home on the 17th. Between then and today I have been working full time, working out occasionally, eating, trying to pay some attention to my SO, and a whole lot of not sleeping. I think it is fair to say I like this game.On the Devs:I found a bug where I lost my Star Base after a defensive fight when I didn’t lose the battle. I submitted that to the forums. Within a few minutes I had a response confirming that was a bug and not an angrymaking “feature”. I submitted the bug following one of the 2!!! devs instructions. I got a near immediate email response stating that he was working to reproduce it and had a few follow-up questions. I answered those questions. 15 minutes pass and I get an email stating that it was definitely a bug and outlined what they needed to do to fix it, then he asked what I wanted to do about my save game. I suggest he load my character up with in game currency, a bounty like those given to the people who identify flaws for Google or FB get. He agreed and another 10 minutes later I had an updated save file in my inbox.“Wealthy.sav”Open up the game and my new save game has 50k scrap on it. I go on about my merry, and richer way, two hours later I download the newest patch which notes a fix for my bug.10/10 would support these devs again. Thanks for the great customer service!!On the Game:I really like this game. I played around 90 hours on SPAZ 1 and since that joyous time have been waiting with baited breath for SPAZ 2. I have been on the MinMax forums and following, with relish, the developer notes for SPAZ 2. So I had a fair idea of what I was getting into. Forewarned is forearmed so to speak. And I absolutely love the way the game feels. I was worried initially how the 3D aspect of things would work but I love the complexity it adds to the game. RAMMING SPEED, ENGAGE!There are definitely things I would like changed (or perhaps I just need to find them) in this game, for example:•	I feel like there isn’t a big enough of a drive for other factions and unaligned Captains to not pillage your resource nodes in your territory.•	I would really like to be able to call for help when/if I get jumped by a sadistic strong captain when I am weak.•	I think captains, after getting murdered, get back to near full strength really quickly. Though maybe the threat measurement is just off because of their level?•	I think that there should be some stratification of captain ship layouts, IDK if I haven’t just seen this yet, but I don’t think all captains should just use as many cores as possible. I think it would be really cool if some captains could have different battle behaviors and for example, go for few core, highly agile, highly upgraded ships as opposed to big hulking monsters.•	Economic indicators / more clear explanation on how trade lanes work ~ like how the focus of the Star Bases you build (shields, armor, etc.) impact the part that the Star Base is good at generating.I would like to note that all of the above suggestions are mostly nitpicks. I don’t have a single issue with how the game plays because this is a solid goshdarn game! I don’t even know if all my requests need to be requested. I have only gotten 24 hours in! I guess my only real gripe is that this game suffers very much from the same issue that Civilization suffers from: the notorious “just one more turn/thing”. My place of employ probably doesn’t appreciate the contribution my sleep-addled self delivers quite as much.TL:DRGet SPAZ 2. Live SPAZ 2. Love SPAZ 2. Try and get some sleep.Thanks MinMax Games!!"
76561197971872842,Not Recommended,252470,35313624,Posted: 29 September,all,Riph,"I'm so confused.  I poured hundreds of joy-filled hours into SPAZ. It was a lightning fast dodge-and-shoot affair with a sky-high skill ceiling where a competant pilot could outfly incoming projectiles. It was just about the most pure example of ""Nail the core gameplay loop and everything else will follow"" I can think of.In SPAZ2 you are forced to fly a slow tub. There is no strafe keybind, because there is no strafing.  Even if you switch to your ""agile"" strike craft, there's still no strafing.Enemy too powerful?  Learn to dodge? No! Grind until you unlock the bigger shield bar.I feel like the devteam went all-in on the new empire management thing that got bolted on, and in the process they forgot that the core loop has to be fun.For a game that made flying a big tub ship fun, see Rebel Galaxy. But really, just go play SPAZ. It's one of the best games on PC."
,Recommended,252470,23049381,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Stalker1o2,I like this game quite a bit its fun.How ever even though it does hurt to say this truely is in the Shadow of SPAZ 1. I know this is in Early Access just for bug fixes and adding of speech.Take a look at some youtube videos before you buy because it very different then SPAZ 1 but still enjoyable.
,Recommended,252470,23089186,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,cdarklock,"Here's the short version: this game has been out for three days and I have logged 41 hours in it. Connect the dots.This game may be Early Access, but it is more complete than a lot of ""finished"" games these days. It's been in development for almost four years. It could easily be called ""done"" right now, and a larger studio would probably do exactly that.But this game is made by two guys, who are active and responsive in the discussion forums, and there have been a half-dozen hotfix updates in the last 50 hours. I grudgingly quit the game to get some sleep late this morning, and when I woke up four hours later there was a new update. They take this seriously. They care about their work, they care about the game, they care about their ART.Which is why, just like fans of an insanely popular band, everybody seems to be complaining about this game. It is not another album just like their last one. Just like Marilyn Manson released ""Holy Wood"" and it wasn't enough like ""Mechanical Animals"" which wasn't enough like ""Antichrist Superstar,"" or Cradle of Filth released ""Godspeed on the Devil's Thunder"" which wasn't enough like ""Thornography"" which wasn't enough like ""Cruelty and the Beast.""Thing is, all six of those albums changed a corner of the world forever. (Manson has PROBABLY changed a bigger corner of it than Cradle.) And so, too, does SPAZ 2.Make no mistake: the original SPAZ is a very, very different game. If you want more of that, SPAZ 2 is not where you should look for it, because literally everything is different. And it IS an Early Access game, so there are known issues with things like (at present) the pacing and difficulty and tutorials. ""The game really opens up about five hours in,"" as one of the developers noted, but there is the problem of getting through your first five hours and then there is the problem of the game being... well... outrageously difficult, sometimes. But this is already getting better - by the time you read this, it will be even better.And oh, what a game it is.You can tell from the moment you start: it is GORGEOUS. Even if your graphics card is a potato (well, not really, an actual potato doesn't have the right drivers) you'll be able to trade framerate for appearance and the game will merrily chug along at 2fps so you can look at it and say ""ooh, pretty."" Then you can go into graphics options, jack everything down to the bottom, and your framerate will kick right up to 60 so you can actually play.Most importantly, IT WILL NOT MAKE YOU RESTART. You can alter all the settings and keep right on going. Plus, in the main menu, there's a big old space battle being rendered as the attract loop, which totally responds to these settings on the fly... so you can see the results immediately, in a common situation where they matter.This is, in short, the main menu of a game done so right... it makes every other game look wrong.Which is pretty much the core theme of the whole game, but since it is so different from everything else, it will take several hours to get used to it. The jury was still out for me until I had about twelve hours of playtime. I trusted the devs. I saw the potential. But I was not getting the ""holy crap, this is AWESOME"" vibe from it yet.As you can probably guess, I have totally gotten that vibe now.You start out with a space battle, and then spend twenty minutes racing through a tutorial on basic ship operations, which you will find was incredibly important and you really should have paid attention because sweet mother of crap in a hat is this game complex.So you'll either go into the ""Tutorials"" part of the interface and review it, provided you paid enough attention to know where that is, or you'll start over and slow down. Then you'll learn that the tutorial only covers about half the interface because there is an awful lot of it and the tutorial was already way too long. (They're working on this. The community is trying to help. They're actually listening. It will get a lot better.)The core gameplay basically works like this. You are interacting with a dynamic world on a semi-static map. The regions of space are prearranged and in the same place with the same names every game, but resources are placed randomly within it. And then there are 200 other AI captains on the map.The machinations of these captains in their attempt to start and grow five political factions will make every single game entirely different. It's ALL emergent. It's all personalities and connections and networks and a far more detailed economy than any game like this has a right to have.That's the ""Space"" part. Then you get to the ""Pirates"" part, where some of the captains don't like you and will try to extort money and resources from you. There's a grace period of about five levels where everyone leaves you alone, but then all bets are off and you'll learn just what complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥other people can be.And then you'll eventually get to the ""Zombies"" part, which I won't spoil for you because it's supposed to be surprising and make you go ""wtf."" Suffice to say the infection starts spreading, and you have to get ahead of it. This is not easy right now, and like most community-involved games it will probably end up being ""terribly difficult unless you know this secret that makes it unbelievably easy"" in the end.The key thing to remember about this game is that between ""complex emergent political systems"" and ""beautiful intricate space combat,"" the game is pretty much as simple as it can be... but no simpler. There is no ""intermediate"" stuff. You will have a hill to climb over, and the view from the top is nothing special. But on the other side of the hill, when you get to the ""advanced"" gameplay, everything is just amazeballs.Once you understand combat and the world map enough to know what you're doing, you'll probably feel like the game should be more fun than it is. But you're just getting started. Keep pushing forward.As a rough guide, right now, level 13 will be the bane of your existence. (They actually tell you this in the intro, kind of.) The first ten levels will be fine. The next couple will be okay. And then you'll start to sigh mightily about how ""grindy"" the game is. But once you hit level 20, everything will click - as long as you didn't rush there. Remember that first twenty minutes of tutorial you skipped because it was boring?  Same thing. It's not boring. You need to know this. You need to do this.And when you've finished the campaign... there's sandbox mode. The entire campaign storyline is basically a twelve-hour tutorial for sandbox mode, which is the REAL game. But if you tried to play it from the beginning, you would be so incredibly lost.Put all of this together, and it's like Minmax have been standing over my shoulder conspiring to make the exact game I personally wished someone would make. Which is more or less what they did with the original SPAZ, too. I just want a different, more complex game now. And this is it.If you just want more SPAZ, play more SPAZ. This is better. A lot better. It's like the difference between Grand Theft Auto 2 and GTA III. Quantum leap. Not the same game. Whole new systems. Whole new ideas.Changed the world."
,Recommended,252470,23051337,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,47484F5354,"This game is worth its price if you enjoy naval space battles, ship customization, scavenging for survival and light diplomacy. Procedural generation and AI captains who have their own relationships with everyone else make the experience unexpected and offers a wealth of emergent gameplay.This is not SPAZ as we knew it, but an entirely different animal. While the general framework of its predecessor is still there, nearly every aspect of the game has been refined.The basic framework is still there. You collect resources and gradually gather in strength. You choose your friends and enemies (although, at times, the enemies choose you). You explore the universe with the returning zany cast and try to be ready for when the zombies happen.The collection of resources happens at nodes. You compete for them with dozens of other captains, and later on, with other factions. Gathering from a node that belongs to another faction gradually makes them more hostile against you, and you need to balance your need for fuel, scrap metal and crew against the imminent threat of being blasted with hot laser fire. Fuel especially (to my knowledge) can't be acquired in large quantities anywhere else but the nodes, which makes your survival dependant on repeatedly stomping on people's feet.Nothing happens in a vacuum. In SPAZ 1, the warp gates created isolated systems that had no idea what happened in a neighboring system. You could loot and pillage to your heart's content with no repercussions as long as you could deal with the forces at hand. In SPAZ 2, all the systems are connected and you can freely move between them. You, and dozens of other captains. They can be allies or enemies, depending on what they see you doing. Some of them are a lot stronger than you. If you♥♥♥♥♥♥them off, they will start hunting you down and demanding painful tributes. Paying it will improve your relations by a bit, but usually not enough to make it a viable way of making them stop pestering you. You need to manage your relationships and immediate needs for resources carefully.The factions quickly fill the map with their outposts, and when border friction happens enough, they go to war. You need to assess which faction to throw your lot in based on their relative strengths - one might be weaker, but offer different options in technology. One might be stronger, but you happen to be on the kill-on-sight list of a dozen of their captains. You can also alter the odds by giving out bounties on strategic targets, but resources are at a premium. If you're enough of a jerk, expect said bounties to target you.The humor and the vibes are still there. The game has lore nodes that mainly focus on the events of SPAZ 1. Truth to be told, I skipped most of the lore sections and dialogue of the previous game. What I've seen will likely be pretty hit-or-miss for most people, but there are some downright hilarious sections of dialogue - all set against the self-awarely grim portrayal of mankind's potential bleak future. There is an interesting, overlaying thought experiment concerning how people act when dangerous, groundbreaking technologies or resources are discovered.Combat gameplay has changed to be almost unrecognizable. While SPAZ 1 brought to mind twin-stick shooters and arcadey gameplay, SPAZ 2 gives you a big customizable vessel that - at it's worst - handles like a whale. This makes the combat more about maneuvering and blasting frontsides at opportune moments. You can target your weapons quite accurately, and if you focus on an enemy hardpoint, you can blow it off. Seeing what the enemy is using and what's causing you trouble, then getting rid of it with well-aimed volleys of cannon and laser fire, is immensely gratifying. Of course, the enemy can do the same to you. It's a singular feeling to be feeling victorious right up until the moment your engine block flies off and you scramble to grab it back with a tractor beam. It can be hectic, especially with a lot of strike craft buzzing around, but it's a more measured and a slower experience that fans of the first game might be expecting.All in all, I can't say enough to recommend this game. It's relatively cheap for the amount of content it offers, even in state of early access. Oh - and they're talking about versus multiplayer. So there's that. It's not in the game right now, and the developers have asked you not to buy the game for multiplayer until the feature is fully realized. But keep an eye out."
,Recommended,252470,23081554,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Xane Tempest,"I played Spaz 1 a lot and completed every acheivement the DAY before Spaz 2 came out...I was shocked at the differences between the games... but after playing it for an hour, i came to the conclusion that I would not change them back for anything!This game has an astonishing ammount of depth! You don't just 'jump in space go-cart and shoot everyone' because their faction willl dislike you. They may come back for revenge. you may end up with a bounty on your head. you might get yourself blown up and have to start again rebuilding your ship!Seriously! Who else has that? You die, you have to rebuild from where you are!This game astonished me... I really didn't think I'd like it after watching the EA lets plays and was actually nervous that I'd have wasted money... but I wanted to try it to see if I could learn to love it and oh dear fragging gawd do !!I have my ship rigged with cannons on the one side and missiles on the other so I can cut shield off, then skin their components off with a single sweep!I joined a faction and managed to single-handedly over-take a quarter of the galaxy with them!I may have p!ssed a few people off... judging by the size of the bounty they put on me... but when one of the hopeful hunters appeared, a total stranger turned up to help! I was so happy that I had to send them a little money just to make sure they stayed on my side in the future!Station taxation, fuel consumption, crew-size, weapon power-cost, damage ratios, damage types, weapon placements and firing arcs, ship design, part scructure, diplomacy, warfare, ingergalactic infection, bounty hunting, resource management...All these things were so daunting to me... but I'm doing them all second-nature because this game makes it simple to understand!It's a wall of terrifying information... but once you do it one at a time, you're actually doing it as if you were meant to do it!The campaign has been described as a great big tutorial. Ease you into the features one by one... I have to say, I'm looking foward to completing it just so that I can do a sandbox and see where that goes!This game is wonderful... truly wonderful and as such, it plays like a dream from all angles!Even my biggest complaints are petty and inconciquential as the rest of the game has so much to do!This game is in early access as it stands (I will update this review as things unfold) and I have not seen this level of Developer presence on the steam forums before!Remember, Minimax is a tiny company! But this game is the kind of thing I expect to see from the heavy-hitters! Only, this level of quirky ingenuity is so rare in the larger titles, it has that 'indie charm' that has won us all over so often...Also, I have no shame in admitting that I may have a crush on one of the characters in the game...WHAT? Her artwork is gorgeous and her sense of humour is wonderful!Curse you minimax for making the woman of my dreams XDI have often said that 'programmers make bad games' (there's a long explanation I'll spare you'You get people who think like programmers and people who think like gamers. Those who expect you to be able to understand XML and PHP because they do are pretty annoying when they make a game because you have to know what they do just to play it...Gamers make good games (again, more explanation you're getting out of... I should post it somewhere)Gamers know what they want. That strange mix of realism and 'but reality sucks so lets make it better' mentality that can make a game truly spectacular!Minimax are gamers! Every time I fear I'm too nerdy for the game, along comes a reference that makes me squee like a fan-girl!"
76561197981679794,Not Recommended,252470,23104709,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BlownHairySack,"I loved SPAZ and played well over 100 hours in it. SPAZ 2 was, in my mind, the same as SPAZ 1 just 3d environments and MP... and then it released.It's nothing close to the old school, top down shooter, build-a-badass-fleet and explore type game. Maybe that's my fault for expecting it to be. What it is now is a heavily focused 3rd person space shooter with boring ship building mechanics, story and overall gameplay.The new star map is tiny and some of the features that were touted are rather uneventful (interacting with 200 captians) and frankly, just boring. Ship augmentation is a frustrating process with no way to see overall health, armor, DPS and other statistics when you get a new item piece. If your item gets blown off in combat... might as well leave it because it's overly frustrating and hard to get it attached again. The story is rather predictable and ultimately forgettable and extremely short - I'd guess most people will beat it in about 10 hours and that's only because you have to grind to 30.I can go on and on why I dislike this title greatly and will just continue to play SPAZ instead. I support the developers and don't regret my purchase. I want them to be successful in what they do contrary to what I believe is a bad game compared to the original. However, I can't recommend others get this game and as you can see it's very polarizng. Either you love it or hate it and I am the latter."
76561198021796760,Recommended,252470,24548397,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,falsetruth1988,"Great game, absolutely love the constant humor injected intot he game EVERYwhere, find myself laughing of the simplest NPC comments like NOPE nope, game play is fun, some bugs that are being worked out, but if your saying not to buy then your wrong, either support the team to help make the game better if you like or just stop gaming. Dev crew is constanting working on adding features and additional content while cleaning code, fixing bugs, this is a great game with a great and dedicated dev crew behing them."
,Recommended,252470,25877939,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Erreth-Akbe,"This game is certainly a step up from the original. That being said, there are a couple things I missed that the first one had.Pros:Modular Ships, this was incredibly awesomeBetter Space BattlesDrastically improved visuals for battlesBuilding your own factionCons:No more specialist slots (I rather liked that)Cap on cores you can put on ship after a certain level (this dictates the size and strength of your ship)Only one ship can have the loadout altered (mothership) unlike all of them in the originalI had a lot of fun with this game and will probably play it for awhile. It seemed less of a grind than the original which could be good or bad depending on what you like."
,Recommended,252470,23107616,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,KaitoGen,"WARNING: THIS IS A SANBOX MODE REVIEW. I HAVE NOT PLAYED ENOUGH CAMPAIGN AND LEARNED ABOUT EVERYTHING FROM SANDBOX.This will be my first review after waiting 2 years for this game to come out. Possibly the most important thing is: DO NOT COMPARE THIS TO THE FIRST ONE. That will be a death sentence.The game takes a few pieces of the first and molds them into something completely different in this game. If you want to somewhat compare it of something, it has some similarities to Mount and Blade. Mostly due to factions and recruiting captains and such.A lot of people will give the game♥♥♥♥♥♥for its slower pace and the big change it made, but I think it's for the better, but that's just another opinion. At first, I hated this game for the first few hours because it felt so different, but then things changed bit by bit over time once I started to understand more and learn about a whole new game.I will first list what I find to be problems that should probably be fixed soon, then I will list pros.First:I feel like the early access in this game is more than just for multiplayer purposes. There are a few things that I feel need to be changed, one of the biggest issues being the extreme lack of REZ in the later stages of the game. REZ is used to have your ship move faster. There are 3 available movement options ranging from slow to fast. Slow usually takes up 0 REZ, but later takes a little bit due to heavy amounts of goons and weight. Normal takes a low amount of REZ, while fast can consume 3x as much REZ (If not that exact amount). I only played the campaign for about 2 hours, so I can't say if it lacks as much, but it is a big problem in sandbox for the time I've played it. Your ship ends up consuming much more REZ than you can find and you'll often find yourself sitting around watching your ship slowly move to areas.Second:Ramming in the later stages. (Didn't know about it early on so not sure if it's good there) When you build up a tanky enough ship, you can just ram the ever living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people. This is super fun, but absolutely annihilates hulls. It's not so effective on shields, but when you have your shield up and ram an unshielded target, you can quite literally 1 shot them depending. You can also ram starbases to destroy them quickly, which is somewhat annoying but I like the mechanic a lot.Third:The AI are stupid. Now I don't mean when you're in a battle; they just do what they can to fight you and I don't find it to be an issue. But the AI on the starmap; they are stupid. After building up a base of my own and recruiting my own captains it showed over time that they don't exactly have the smartest mind of their own. This is mostly because they're one dimensional as they will see someone from their team being attacked, and quite literally every single one of them will rush to their aid, but when the battlefield is full, they'll go about their usual business. OR they will all rush to another target that's being attacked, and the cycle continues. This is mostly an issue when you have a somewhat bigger faction of your own.Fourth:The choices you can tell your captains to do. These are extremely limited. You have Set Wingman, which will have them follow you around all game if you like no matter what you do, and that's it. You can't tell them to raid a starbase or attack/distract their leader, only to follow you or stop following you. You are also limited to 1 person following you at a time. Which is a good thing, because if you were running around with 2 allies at a time, you would probably win every single fight.There are a few other minor things that I don't think are really worth mentioning, so on to the positives. These will be a bit more quick than the my semi-detailed cons.Pros:-Variety of parts is great and making your ship while figuring out how you can optimize or make it interesting is fantastic.-I only played normal and it seemed well balanced for most of the game (until I just got way ahead of everyone), so I can only imagine what the harder mode is like.-Ability to start from scratch when you die for the hardcore and masochist players out there.-Very good ""takes time to do things"" system. Want to salvage things from the enemy you just killed? It will take some time and you may be attacked by someone that doesn't like you. Want to ransack a REZ deposit in a faction's territory? It will take some time and you'll probably die to the areas owner!-The zombies are fun, but can be overwhelming if you're not prepared for them.-You are meant to struggle, take risks, and hope for the best in the early game. Not taking risks will slow your progression heavily. I enjoy this concept although you CAN abuse auto save and quick save to try and get the best outcome.-Trading is great. Everything will be more expensive in places that don't like you, and things will be cheaper for people that do like you. Equipment will be much cheaper when you buy it from your own faction or the faction you create.-Also on trading: Replacing parts of the same slot requirement will replace that part automatically, as long as you sell that part with it. Example: I want a subcore system to be replaced but it's in the very freakin middle of my ship and I'll have to tear my ship apart to add the new one. Not at all! As long as you select the subcore you want to buy and the one you want to replace, it will replace it once you trade.My overall impression of this game for the hours I've played it is probably an 8/10. Definitely recommend it as an overall game, but if you're here to re-live your SPAZ 1 life, don't bother."
76561198008935636,Recommended,252470,24835454,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Me n Kitteh,"Great game. I really like the fact i can creat my own ship in any design i want and specialize it with weapons. IM having a lot of fun in the current state of the game, and im really looking forward to what the future updates add to the game."
76561197971989690,Recommended,252470,23049660,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,marj.ka,"Highly recommended.First off, SPAZ 2 is nothing like SPAZ 1. Watch the video's and see if it appeals to you otherwise you may be disappointed.While it is an early access release, the single player portion is largely finished except for some placeholder voice overs. Balance refinements are also likely. The game is fully playable though, you won't get half way through and be stuck waiting for more content to be made.The game is a mix of strategy and third person battles. The strategic gameplay occurs on a map where you gather resources, engage enemies, trade, join a faction or build your own and tax traders who use your starbases. The AI consists of 200 individual captains that can do everything you do including getting annoyed and placing bounties on you that other neutral or enemy captains will try to collect.The battles occur in an arena and are semi-3d. The capital ships all move in a plane but can tilt so weapons mounted on one side can fire across the other while at the same time exposing your weak internals to enemy fire. Ships are made up of parts that can be destroyed or broken off by shooting or ramming. Damaged parts can be picked up and attached to your own ship during battle. The battles are deceptively complex. They appear simple at first but as the game progresses you need to develop new strategies to deal with more difficult threats."
76561198055110224,Recommended,252470,24154324,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Troll,"As of writing this, I've spent 60 hours with the game over 1 campaign and 1 sandbox. The game version as of writing this is 0.3.2.If one comes to this game ready for a distinct experience in the genres it touches, albeit a little bit of a mashup, they are more likely to enjoy the game than not.202 captains, 53 starbases (territories), 7 factions total, including the player's ability to create their own faction, ship part choices to match the 5 human AI factions in dimensions, turret locations and visuals, a short list of weapons each part can sport that allow for a fairly diverse choice of combat tactics. Just some of the reasons one can enjoy the game for.All this and the game is expected to receive more content, along with balancing and other associated tweaks. As it is now, don't come expecting a full game, as it is not (seriously, this has to be mentioned).Objectively pretty good, subjectively pretty awesome, if you like modularity, diversity, spacey stuff, consider this as a potential purchase, at the very least.V0.8 update:The game has gotten even better since my first review. More weapons, cusom part order system, strike craft overhaul, bandits that are a bit more interesting, core synergy. The devs have kept their promises and are delivering a better product by the update. Community input is also taken seriously."
,Recommended,252470,24345976,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DarkMellie,"Give SPAZ2 about an hour to get its hooks into you. Once you're through the opening sequence (that, note, starts with a fake Game Over) you're into the world proper. As with Starpoing Gemini 2, Rebel Galaxy and others of its ilk, you'll manage resources, kill things, and grow your capabilities.It's the ship building that elevates this though... the ability to complete pull apart your ship and pop on new weapons or engines or whatever else there is. Flying around in a garbage pile has never been so much fun.Also the writing is hilarious! It's just that the voices are computerised at the moment but expect that to change at some point.Try it, it's fantastic :)"
,Recommended,252470,32727767,Posted: 24 June,all,ashad729,"Really cool follow-up to an awesome indie game! The completely revamped starmap and battle system are fantastic and I love having other factions and captains follow the same rules as the player. Highly recommended as a standalone game, and recommend the original too.A few balancing and mechanic tweaks are to be expected from early-access - none of these are said negatively, just as UX insights and suggestions from a new player. Here are my top three thoughts after playing a few hours:- Engaging in a battle - too much time passes when you attack another spaceship and before entering the battle, meaning an apparently safe attack on a solo pirate nearly always seems to attract another higher level one even if they were miles away in another sector. This is my biggest bugbear and it's super frustrating even on the lowest difficulty! Options might be to reduce the time, allow the player to disengage if they see another ship joining the fray, or just have a sensible max intercept distance for every ship.- Stats & Information - there's tons of important information in this game, with your ship parts having different ranges, damage types et cetera. Definitely could make it easier to gauge your current setup, and to compare stats of items vs your ship. Tooltips on mouseover for ship parts would be a great help in trade menus - next to the mouse rather than on a fixed part of the screen as this allows easy comparison vs a clicked part, plus being easier to read as it's where you're already looking. Also, damage numbers and ranges would have been very useful as a new player but I only found the option a few hours in. It's not obvious right away whether your shots are connecting or out of range. Perhaps these could be on by default!- Tutorials - the important info is there in the yellow tips during the start of the game - but so is a lot of less important info. A new player wants to dive in and play the game, meaning they skim or skip large amounts of text and miss the important points. This makes gameplay harder and frustrating later on. I'm sure the game would benefit from cutting down on the key points in the tutorials, just teaching the basics to survive and letting more of the info come later as tooltips, help menus or tutorial missions,I'll be playing for months to come and I'm looking forward to trying out future updates! Nice job SPAZ team!"
,Not Recommended,252470,23122537,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Impulsive 3k addict.,"pros+real time world is pretty good. Not super fleshed out, but it's there and interesting+graphics are interesting+trading and factions are better than in spaz 1, lots of voice acting and characterscons-the levelup perk system is much worse than spaz 1's skill treeIt's straight up less interesting and balanced, and it gives less choices.-ship modification is signficantly worseI havn't found anything like cloak, intertial engines, frames, or anything like that. You basically choose where to place guns and engines and that's it.-strike craft system is much less complex and meaningful than in spaz 1Strike craft also lost depth, you choose a frame and you can't even rebuild craft. It's basically just optional farming for a temporary distraction that's unreliable.-you can't turn with mouse because ♥♥♥♥ youNo idea why this is the case.-parts falling off in combat is annoying and randomThis might have been interesting with more depth/choice in the movement system, but that's all gone now.-less scale in battlesNo space zombies and less drones leads to many less explosions than normal.All in all, i'm dissapointed and i'm not sure what the devs worked on for 4 years. I sort of wish we just got a real time world expansion for spaz 1."
,Recommended,252470,23176679,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Run Now,"The game is different.  For Early Access, it is very playable with replayability.Better graphics, lots to build and customize.  A different way to play SPAZ, with a lot of what was good.As is it is worth the price compared to the majority of releases.  By completion, it should be another staple gameplay experience."
,Recommended,252470,23043504,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zed,"Highly recommend. Gone is the grind for resources. The game is streamlined into two modes: Strategy map, and battles. The battles feel visceral and satisfying. Tearing chunks off enemy ships to disable them, whipping asteroids at them, deploying mini fleets of strike craft - yes please. The strategy map delivers what it promises. Decide which factions to aid, which to♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Find and harvest various resources hoards with the click of a button. Eventually you can build your own faction and recruit captains that have been in the game since you first loaded it up. You will start building bases, and comboing them together to make epic ship parts, you will feel unstoppable. And then.... the zombies arrive. Heh. Good luck captain!"
,Not Recommended,252470,23126826,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sgooter,"So far i have to say that I'm dissapointed in SPAZ2, there are a few reasons for this, but the game still has its up.Ups:The new graphics are nice to look at, and the weapon and ambient sounds are a nice touch, i enjoyed the work put into the look and sound of the game.The modular system was a step in the right direction for sure, i very much enjoy having some control over what my ship looks like, and getting new modules is never really hard to doThe ""online"" button, already super pumped for this!Downs:The galaxy map... to be completely hoenst here, altho it is a nice improvement over the old map, i completely dissagree with how it is used in the game, where the player spends TONS of time in the galaxy map, as this is the main screen now, and this makes the game feel boring frankly. gotta say, for the improvements in tech available to the dev team since the first game was released, i really feel like more work could have been put into the game to remove the need for the galactic as the main screen, and only use it for traveling long distances in accelerated time.The AI is another problem, that i am VERY dissapointed in, frankly the AI are sloppy, i like the idea o trying to bring ""life"" into the universe, but other than them putzing around station to station, occasionally starting fights, all they do is just float around and be useless, unless you have a bounty on you...AI and bounties, this SERIOUSLY SERIOUSLY SERIOUSLY needs to be fixed and reworked, the AI right now are absolutely BRUTAL and unforgiving, so much so, that 3 of them ganged up on me when i took some damage, then beat the crap out of me, so that i could not fight again without repairing, and then proceeded to beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me for FOURTY FIVE MINUTES, while all i could do was sit there and hit ""load last save"", since i didnt have the cargo to give them, and had no time at all to even try to repair myself, i have a few suggestions for this that i will put below.The modular design, altho yes i did think it was great, and is one of the ups, is also a down, its lacking, a lot, or at least it feels like it is. the variety of weapons feels very lacking compared to SPAZ, dunno if thats just me or what. but even with the amount of stuff in the game, the modular system feels very unifinished, and i am hoping that it will be more flushed out on full release.finally for me is the map, it feels too small compared to the old SPAZ, which had systems, with events in them to fly through, whereas you just have an aread on the galaxy map to fly through. the map just simply feels too small, and i hope the option to make it larger is brought back for full release!Fixing the Bounty issue:1) the player should be given a ""grace period"" after being attacked by and AI for a bounty again, something like 2 or 3 seconds for the player to be able to fully repair, and try to get some distance from the AI.2) have the AI fight each other at the same time in the instance, as having them fight over the bounty, so that the 3 v 1 scenario cant happen without giving the player a chance to win.Over all, the game isnt bad, it has some good new ideas in it, and the visuals and sound are very pleasing, but i still feel that so much is lacking from this, and feels like i have a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥product to be honest. this is early access, so i will wait to see what happens, but for now, i can't recoment this game."
76561198009197589,Recommended,252470,23045109,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Torbes3186,"boo hoo it's not a larger prettier redux of the first game I idolized for years!!what it is, at least so far, is a pretty awesome real time space rangers 2, or rebel galaxy with a much denser and more intricate world.4x style clockwork world running in the background, shaping your experience while you try to hunt down the malevolent ""dark entity"" that makes zombies. has ship design, combat, factions, reputation, trading, bounties, station building, crazy scientists, dark humour, lore pickups, the ships from the original are now your ai wingmen, aka strikecraft. mayble multiplayer later?if those things interest you, by all means jump in."
,Recommended,252470,25762068,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PerfectPencil,"SPAZ was one of my favorite space games a few years back. When I saw that there was a sequel coming out I was extremely excited.SPAZ2 is advertised as NOT a sequel, but after playing it for a while, it still really does feel like a sequel. The story picks up where the last one left off, most of the core gameplay is the same, and even what is new feels like something beneficially added. I don't know why they say its not a sequel... ?Anyhow, so far the game is extremely fun...but oddly balanced. Right now (early access) you can level up to level 5 in about 15minutes, but will spend hours getting levels after that. A lot of basics like details on factions and so on are kind of a mystery. But the biggest thing is that dog fights (combat itself really) isn't as rewarding as the many auto-functions on the universe map screen. Why spend 30minutes mining 15 REZ in the 3d dogfight portion of the game when you can easily mine up to 400 from random places on the universe map in a few seconds?But, that said IT IS FUN. I'm realy enjoying it so far and given how the devs seem to be treating things, I can guess that by release those things I mentioned above will be fixed. SPAZ2 is a really well made sequel to SPAZ and hits all the right notes so far. If you played the original and got sucked in, you'll love this one, too."
76561197970860897,Recommended,252470,28211755,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Custer701,Let this game and it's Developers serve as a lesson for anyone who releases an early access title.  This is the way it should be done!  OH!  And it's a damn fine game They put together too.  Sometimes xxxx just comes together right!
,Recommended,252470,29514695,Posted: 26 January,all,Jaybug,"At first, it wasn't at all like the orginal game (as described in page), and I recoiled a bit. I wondered what could have been, where the the original was. I played the game for an hour and put it down, not all that interested.Then, I started to actually play the game, and get into it. Slowly I began to warm up to the new gameplay and can now see how much potential this game has. It is already really fun to play with. It's a touch unwieldy at first go, but once you learn the controls, and hone your technique, the game becomes a lot of fun.One of my new favorites."
76561197972381537,Recommended,252470,31426163,Posted: 28 April,all,firemane (Lex),"I completely lost track of time playing this game. Several times. It is that good.At the time of this review the campaign was complete. It took me 30 hours to get through it. The Voice acting is done by synthesized voices at this time but you can shut them down or skip it. The story does a decent enough job of guiding you and is interesting enough. I was entertained and had many memorable and hard fought encounters as I worked through it.The game is colorful and beautiful, the sound is awesome, the explosions are very satisfying, and the weapons are varied enough to suit different styles. The dynamic universe map is great and adds a level of chaos and randomness that keeps things fresh. I enjoyed the concept of the different Captains.The skirmish mode is very flexible and allows you to change pretty much all the rules. When you take into account that and the dynamic universe the game certainly has a lot of replayability.It is definitively worth buying."
,Recommended,252470,26757779,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Kishimojin,"When early access started I was very sceptical as it wasn’t really anything like the first one, however I found this new take to be quite good, it just required a different mindset to get into.In the last few months however the advances to this game have been phenomenal. It is a great game in it's own right, I have played through it probably 5-6 times now, and it still feels fresh with all the customisation options and new parts/systems being added regularly.If you are on the fence about this game do yourself a favour and grab it; It improves on the first game in nearly every aspect and it's not even finished yet."
76561198052524472,Recommended,252470,30846609,Posted: 30 March,all,Noob,"I enjoyed playing SPAZ2.In short: There is a lot going on in SPAZ2 with some awkward UI with a notable learning curve but that doesn't get in the way of blasting at pirates and zombies with a great deal of freedom of choice.- - - -Lots of running around and getting into trouble without having to worry so much about fixed linear mission progression or moral railroading. Be nice and help or go bad with raids and piracy. In the end, you're still going to have to face off with a terribly aggressive horde of zombies.In some sense the game feels a little bit like a puzzler where you have to toy with ship configurations to thump the common tactical problems you'd face given the limited parts you're able to gather together. Balancing out offense is tricky at first but after some practice it starts to become clear and rewarding. The higher strategy map where the various other captains compete and or cooperate is large enough to feel immense but contained and easy to comprehend.While I would have liked to see more depth in the way the other captains build relationships with you and the others and despite the somewhat predictable actions they take; it's a fun sandbox of AI agents running around with you. The zombies have a one track mind and the other captains don't organise well, given that the end is nigh! So I feel like you're kind of on the hook for saving the galaxy (again) with whatever wingmen and resources you can muster... which is kind of the point and you'll feel the squeeze as the game progresses.The UX is a little bit of a slog for handling some fact finding like looking up what other captains are up to etc... but you can easily enough ignore most of the AI v AI and faction relations and focus on your local swarm of ships. There are also some UI secret handshakes that are not terribly intuitive but this doesn't hold back the fundamental joy in wandering around in an open ended RPG/tactical game. Pew pew pew!Overall, a thumbs up."
,Recommended,252470,34224952,Posted: 13 August,all,No Reason,"What was a decent game on a monitor turns out to be an amazing game in VR.  Well worth the price for one of the suprisingly more immersive and well designed VR games I've played yet.  The menus are very well done, the text is clear and the rest of the UI is spot on.  I'm still getting used to the controls though, probably my only issue with it so far.  It's not bad, it's just not pick up and play."
,Recommended,252470,23048901,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Doctor ☢ Apocalypse,"So the long wait is over!Was it worth it?I would have to say yes it was!It is a new form of SPAZ that I think a lot of people may enjoy (like myself) or just not dig due to the direction they went with it.It isn’t quite the same experience as the first one and they made some big changes. It is a lot more stream lined, it has easier to understand systems and has faster paced gameplay. This may turn off some of the originals hardcore fans but for me I find the changes to be a welcomed addition.The story and writing in the original would never win a Pulitzer but it was fun and entertaining none the less. The same can be said for SPAZ 2, a bit goofy with a return of some of our favorite colorful characters (looking at you Carl).With a few hours in now I am really enjoying the game. After about 30 minutes of getting my bearings everything clicked and I am well on my way of clearing the galaxy of xeno scum.I love the direction they went with the series. If you don’t mind a bit of change to the SPAZ formula then I think you will enjoy this fun follow up."
,Recommended,252470,23103672,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,( قهوة).[,"20 May @ 2:58pmNice, difrent from the last one, the devs are very active in the forums, and work hard and serius, is word givin this game a try, rigt now the game start is boring , BUT the game is stil  on early access, and at some point turns interesting and challenging on late game, is some kind of hybrid 4x game, I like the mix!Edit. 28 May @ 8:53amWhen you finally know how the game mechanics works, all the boring is gone and you start blowing up ships like crazy, there is a sandbox map, you can choose your start condition, these ads replay value."
,Not Recommended,252470,34132323,Posted: 9 August,all,PinkDaddySasquatch,"just didn't enjoy it, there is no tactics or strategy involved just kill the enemy mothership before they kill yours nothing less nothing more. Also the AI seemed to target me like crazy no matter what ship i was in, I HATE that kind of thing, what i do should not influence the AI purely because im a user and not an AI."
76561198052228911,Recommended,252470,30076091,Posted: 21 February,all,MM74,"This game is a real gem! Feels more complete as an early access then many other finished games.Pros:- easy to learn ship building and combat system- diverse mechanics for both to offer enough tactical depth (try bandit hideout without any anti-fighter weapons and fail)- light 4x-Features like resource management, building an empire, factions & relations- RPG elements like leveling up, perks, impoving your equipment- pleasing graphics and running flawless on a medicore system without a single bug/crash so far- adjustable sandbox-mode (reminds me of ANNO in a positive way)Cons: (Features that I miss atm, but might be added during development)- no crafting / tech-development / use for your own space stations beside getting resources- weapons cannot be altered thus limiting your freedom of building your ship- endgame needs more diversity atmFor this price the game is a no-brainer even now.Let them add a few more features like a tech-tree, crafting at your own stations, some events (treasure transport passing through/bandit fleet, etc.), maybe an ANNO-like optional quest-system, seperate weapons from parts or make them reconfigureable and this game will skyrocket the steam charts!"
76561198008523203,Recommended,252470,28178439,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Scythe,"I recommend this game. It's really fun. And it's not really a sequel of SPAZ, in gaming terms at least. It's a different game, with different rules and mechanics, though it does share the same universe. And zombies, they are the same too.SPAZ2 is actually a from-zero-to-hero sandbox game which is centered around your mothership, which you design on your own and suit to your gameplay style. There are lots of customization options and weapon combinations. Ramming other ships is a possibility (a very fun one:) too.You can either play a campaign or in sandbox mode. Campaign is, technically, a sandbox with tutorials, so I recommend you play it first. It's quite funny and has some interesting plot twists, not unlike the first game."
,Recommended,252470,29151549,Posted: 9 January,all,Rogue_Tea,"Okay. So. I've already put 18 hours into this game after owning it for 2 or so days. And I ♥♥♥♥ing love it. There is not an aspect of this game I do not like. But. There is one thing I'd like more of. And that is weapons. More of a variety. More of an aethestic look on the ships as well. But overall, this game has a lot of play time."
,Recommended,252470,28162793,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Miro,"This game is an underappreciated gem, easily the best thing i've played in years. It's a very nice blend of strategy and action. If you've played the first game, this one may take a bit of getting used to, but stick with it through the first confusing hour or so and you will love it.For those new to the series, here's how it works: There's two main modes of gameplay, the starmap and conflicts.On the starmap, you buzz around collecting resources, making bases, finding bandits, and you can see over a hundred other AI captains on the map who can do all the same stuff you can. You want to build relationships with those captains by helping them out in fights and such, because when the zombies come, you'll need that help.When you're in a conflict, you actually pilot your ship. In the environment, all ships are locked into a 2d plane, but objects are not, it's a pretty seamless mix of 2D and 3D. The fighting feels more like naval combat than anything else, but it's very satisfying and feels large scale. Interesting note, you have to actually build your ship piece by piece, and the depth of customization is intense, you can experiment endlessly with different module and weapon layouts.I've been screwed over by early access games before, but i'm glad I rolled the dice on this one. Highly recommended"
76561198061810379,Recommended,252470,24453896,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Realitylost,SO MANY UPDATES!I played the first spaz and fell in love with it instantly.This game has so much pontential that im fine loosing another 2-3 years of having no life to play this game :D
,Not Recommended,252470,23055264,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,RockCoach,"Let me start off by saying this. I am a huge SPAZ fan and was anticipating the release of the second installment. I was more excited for this game than i was for many others. And, as a fan of the original, i unfortunately have to say that i am very dissapointed by how the game is.And yes, i am aware that the game is still in Early Access, however the quarrels i have with this game is at the very basics of gameplay. Something that is defining to what this game is about. And unfortunately if you were looking forward to a successor to SPAZ, you are wrong here.SPAZ 2 does so much different, that i would have named the game something entirely different.SPAZ 2 is now more of a rogue like space shooter that controls and plays very clunky. The whole economy is different, the playstyle is different and the way your ships work is entirely different, too.SPAZ 2 has a ""proceduarly generated world"", which just means that the placing of the objects in the world to interact with is different every playthrough. The map, however, always stays the same. It is very limited. You also build your ship from modules now. And if they get destroyed, well, you just have to buy another one then. Or use junk-parts which are just what the name suggests. JUNK. So you have to grind alot of currency (Scrap) to always have a decently equipped ship, which just sucks. Your ship looks different every time, so if you want a particular design you want to go with, you will need to spend alot of time just searching for the parts in different space stations.All in all, i am sure that some people may have fun with the game. However, if you were into SPAZ and expect SPAZ 2 to be anything like SPAZ, then you should prepare yourself to be sorely disappointed. So, I myself cannot recommend SPAZ 2."
76561198000694115,Recommended,252470,31837555,Posted: 19 May,all,Shiny Doom!,"This game is wonderful. Does it depart from the orginal? Yep. Does it carve out an excellent, dev attentive, space of its own? Yep."
76561198021702007,Recommended,252470,23610540,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ravenii1,"I like the game, creating your own mothership is awsome. Need more to do like mission for exp would be nice. maybe being able to pick your own weapon instead of having the weapons premounted on the part for the mothership would be a nice change."
76561198041745442,Recommended,252470,32931063,Posted: 28 June,all,AFlyingRhino,"I decided to ignore the few negative reviews and see for myself instead. And oh boy was I blown away. This game reminded me how mind blowingly good mount & blade style games are. Spaz 2 is both addicting and amazing.10/10 best day I've spent playing a gameI've seen devs commenting on steam reviews here so I took my time during my last 20 hours of playtime to note everything I didn't like/want added/improved. I hope some of you read this and take it to heart :)What I would like to see improved are the following:-When I recruit captains deep in other factions territory, they stay there and fly around for a little while instead of returing to my territory immediately. (Not that big of a problem since they eventually go to my territory)-When a 2v2 battle begins, my ally is sometimes out in the middle of those 2 ships, instead of back next to me, this leads  to him immediately getting sandwitched and destroyed. I want my wingman to be spawned next to me, while the 2 enemies spawn on their side of the map.-Putting parts back on mid fight is extremely frustrating and needs to be easier in my opinion.-Being able to tell your faction where to attack next, so all you captains focus on attacking somewhere, or alternatively, gather a larger group of captains to take a starbase instead of having just 1 wingman.-Build Incentive feels very underwhelming, I have had a 75% of resources incentive for a couple of bases for 2 hours now and none have been built. (I also have an overwhelming amount of captains and bases)-Even my 127 Threat captains seem to be unable to take out bandit hives. Never have my bounties on hives led to them getting destroyed. This makes me constantly have to go back and clear hives, while i already have ~25 captains swarming around the hive attacking but ALWAYS losing.-Being able to tell my captains not to attack a faction. (I'm trying to ally a faction and all my captains are assaulting their ships and transports even though I'm friendly with them)-Enemies tend to taunt during battles whenever THEY get very low hp. Aren't they supposed to taunt when I'M low hp?-Being able to set a global tax, increasing/decreasing relations and captain strenght (high tax weaker captains)-There is very little incentive to build anything other than a straight line of cores, since that's how you get the most amount of firepower. Ofcourse you can do some manouverability ships, but that's an exception. I want to be able to have a cool looking ship while still not losing out on something.-I want to be able to interact more with Starbases, maybe build things in it for scrap, ex: Improve a nearby resource making it grow faster/harverst more.-I hate waiting for a station/ship to blow up before I can leave/waiting for myself to blow up before I can continue. Can you allow me to go to leave as soon as the thing dies?"
76561198022721707,Not Recommended,252470,23350853,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,sikkwolf,"I was a huge fan of the first SPAZ, this is nothing like it. If anything it reminds me of a very, very poorly done Civ2 clone. I wanted to like it, but the veritable litany of dysfunctional aspects, I think, has turned me so off to it as a product I'm remiss to give it another go when it's considered ""finished"".I genuinely don't have anything positive to say about the game other than acknowledging the budget level graphics are delivered with all the flair you could ask for to make them appealing, ie ""there are a lot of bright colors"".Everything else is terrible. Building starbases requires you to be lv12, which takes a minute, so the first 30 minutes to an hour (or well more) all you're doing is chasing down pirates and assaulting lower level captains; all of whom level faster than you. Whether it's you or the AI, someone eventually opens up a faction (it's always the AI), you can join one of the main ones if the AI beat you and start your own later, the latter I don't suggest because that makes the already dysfunctional social dynamic even worse... More on that later.Ship building is outright stupid, you level slowly, very slowly, especially compared to the AI, so this ""modular"" business is flat out bull****. if you fall behind in the level race, you'll NEVER be able to build a ship as large and imposing as the front line runners; because the number of connective modules you can use to expand your ship is controlled by your level. There's no such thing as a ""brimming to the bank corvette class gunship ship"" in this game, you spend your early levels building centipedes, and your later levels building fatter centipedes so you can incorporate fatter heads and podexes onto them. It's really very, very stupid. I can't reiterate that enough times, it's stupid.Later game, everything that is wrong really shines, you can obliterate another captain back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back and every time they come back (which is within seconds) they've gone up a level (or five) and have a MASSIVE ship with top tier parts all over it. I continued to win these battles until I was just being gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by threat level 90 dyads back-to-back-to-back-to-back-ad-nauseum. It didn't just get old, it got boring. And the amount of work you have to put into developing an alliance with another faction is beyond tedious; especially given that no matter what you do, even a faction you're on great terms with, will start to try to take over your territory. It's strange to have captains you've come to like, who have super positive affects with you (friend levels maxed out) start attacking you. Especially when they do it after you've given them THOUSANDS of salvage worth of materials and let them pillage your resources unmolested because ""sometimes friendship is about ignoring the other person's faults"". Right?SPAZ wasn't a 4x space game, SPAZ2 thinks it might want to be, but it isn't smart enough to get there. And it never will be. They'd have to scrap this PoS and start over to fix all the problems with it. Why they tossed a good design to make a subpar product I don't know, but I wish they hadn't done it.The thing about this game... The most irritating thing... you want to like it, and for a $20 game, it's pretty, not to mention it hails from a phenomenal predecessor, but really, it's like if Einstein had a slightly more attractive than him son who was an f'ing retard. Riding on Daddy's coattails might get him into college, Daddy's fame and Junior's good looks might get him some high quality tail in the beginning, but in then end, he's not what his dad was, he's just boring and useless.Save your $20 dollars, and don't let any of these idiots on steam steer you wrong. It's amazing to me how often a bad game gets all these bandwagon white knight types defending it, even though they don't like the damned game either. Just because the people that made this are a small entity doesn't excuse the game for being garbage, and only by letting them know ""this sucks, guys, sorry, but it really does"" are they going to realize they need to do something different.Don't let SPAZ as a franchise die from loving fanboism. Just admit this game blows goats, and possibly donkeys as well, MAYBE even a transvestite elephant on it's coke weekends... Because only through admitting it has a problem, can we start the healing process."
76561198054885990,Recommended,252470,34078547,Posted: 7 August,all,Geordex,"first of all let me say i never played the first game.i am seeing many negative revieuws that it is not like the first game.and even though the developers warned you about it, you keep complainingwhy dont you go back and play the first one then.the latest update.the voice acting.brought me back to this game, the humor was there before it, but it really gets me to chuckle now.i can recommend this game to everyone.play on easy for the casual arcade experienceplay on hard for the hardcore strategist experience.i truly love this game!buy it! at all prices below 60"
76561198020822205,Recommended,252470,23078955,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Y'Golonac,"Lots of reviews and counter reviews.Politicians...I like it, the tutorial is pretty long and i think it's being mistaken for the main game.At least in some cases. Don't worry, the tutorial isn't a drag and once you know it you can pound it quickly.I'm having a blast so far, loving it."
,Not Recommended,252470,23073049,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Gandir,"This is an entire new Game - nothing like the first one (in a bad way). In it's current state, this game offers way too few features to be called a ""game"". Even for an Early Accress titel there is nothing to do compared to similar EA Games.Wait for more Content before you buy it."
,Recommended,252470,23206182,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Tarzan,"This game is every bit as amazing as the first as you design your ship around the enemies weakness.  I really enjoy the feeling of ship to ship battles.  This time it is more personal as you take your flagship into battle.  There are a few unpolished features (like the voices, this review was written for Early Access) but as with the first I expect a lot of later additions.It is so satisfying to blow parts of other ships then attach them to yours and bail out friends in the last minute rush to their battle.  Influence territories and beat back the agressive expansionists.  Also show up when the zombies are attacking your worst enemy and bail THEM out by killing the zombies.  That happy face popping up is so satisfying.All made by two people.  If you like supporting independant developers, this is the place to do it.  These guys are very talented."
76561198038933052,Recommended,252470,23252724,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hoppalot,Mount and Blade in space. 10/10
76561197970723132,Not Recommended,252470,23096531,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,EatMyShag,"After playing a couple of hours, I'm struggling with my own opinion, I so much want to reccommend this game, but unfortunately I can't recommend a game that I don't want to play anymore or at least until it gets better.Adored the fist game, so maybe my expectations were too high for the sequel.Don't expect the same experience as in Spaz 1.+For a game made by a very small team, great and colorful graphics.+Galactic map is fun (Although more types of missions/events would be nice)+Game kept the Derpy character that made the charm of the first Spaz.+Arena fights are nice practice zones.-Combat feels odd and sluggish.-Still not sure if the move to 3d was warranted, I think it actualy slowed the pacing of the game.-Upgrade system has been changed, gives you less choices to upgrade your fleet.-Strike crafts feel either useless or overpowed. They either get destroyed quickly or they destroy the ennemy before you even get to the fight with your lumbering mothership.-Customization of ship gets tedious when you get to higher levels.-You can customize your mothership, but not your strike crafts.-Very little looting in combat zones (Hope this will get better since this is early access)I think I'm gonna reinstall Spaz 1 and come back to the sequel later in hopes it gets better with time."
76561198005351852,Recommended,252470,23192596,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Dr. Greenman The Scary Scientist,"When I finally heard about Spaz 2 is about to get release, I couldn't wait for it since when the first trailer video got released probably 2 years ago or little bit less.This is pretty huge step from first Spaz game and from top 2d spacebattle game into 3D space naval battle and ship design.Even if it is on EA, most of the game is finished, like singleplayer and sandbox mode, only things that are needed in here are the little bit tuning on the game and other needed parts.So far I played this game literally over 8 hour on nonstop and until I realize how long I was playing, it was already over 5:00 AM, that's how much I enjoy this game and it is pretty addicting, since I am pretty much been trying to aim to create my perfect multipurpose mothership for anything.So far what I think of this game, it is great, I just love it and hope to see more of it when you get new ideas to it."
76561198034962350,Recommended,252470,31640557,Posted: 8 May,all,warutel,"Just finished the campaign, including ruling every single starbase in the map and almost every pilot.It is like mixing SPAZ 1 and Star Wars: Rebellion, with some bits of Freespace 2!My veredict: if you like sci-fi games where you become stronger over time fighting other mothership pilots, with a touch of arcade and humor and without being way too complex nor serious, this is for you! Just good old fun, as games should be.My only complain is that the end-game could have more optional challenges (like super hard bosses, or maybe achievements) so that there are more variety of things to level up for. Still, even as of today, it is very worth the price!I hope they get a huge success on launch day so that they keep adding more stuff!"
,Recommended,252470,24077023,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dirk_13,"Let me just start by saying this game is pretty differant from the first one, and its a good thing, they have really made a great follow up to SPAZ with the second installment. Combat is very fun and rewarding, the story is entertaining and flows well and the controls and star map are really well put together. If you havent played the first game jumping right into this one is no big deal. Great game and if they support this as well as they did the first its only going to get better from here."
76561198023974127,Recommended,252470,27613157,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XCOM Junkie,"Having put well over 50 hours into this game, and after having watched it develop over the last six months or so, I really feel I've gotten my money's worth from it. The developers are on the ball when it comes to updates, and the game has gotten better and better. Version 0.8 has introduced many of the ships from the original Spaz into the game as customizable sidekicks, and hunting down blueprints for upgrading has added a whole new reason for me to blow up more ships. Not that additional reasons were all that necessary, as I found even the previous versions of the game to be exceptionally well-polished for a beta release. I have high expectations for the final, finished product, though I believe that people can have a solid amount of fun with the game even in it's current not-yet-complete state.Keep up the great work, devs, your effort both noted and appreciated."
76561198076377463,Recommended,252470,27650948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gobmaster2,"Played for 19 hours and beat the main story so it has plenty of play time. If you like spaz or even games like sea battles in ships then this is your game. I came in just after they added strike craft and I couldn't imagine the game without them, they just add so much to it. Ship building is fun to play around with and the way things are level locked keeps the introduction of new things going at a fairly stable pace (leveling is pretty fast if you join battles to fight pirates and the like). I also like the faction system and how the other pilots all have thier own agenda and do thier own thing just like you. The galaxy just feels so alive. Building and managing your own faction was a cool experience with capturing a system, building a base, recruiting other captains and just evolving your faction in genera, plus having 10-40k scrap show up at your capital starbase every so often is a great help. I can't think of anything else to say cos i'm tired but in short, a good buy.TL,DR SPAZ GOOD, SPAZ 2 BETTER"
,Recommended,252470,31351478,Posted: 24 April,all,Carthes,"This game was a pleasant surprise, because I loved the first game and put a good amount of hours into it (and yet somehow never got around to finishing the story), but after the initial disorientation and maybe even a bit daunting new control and ship building scheme, I played this obsessively until I finished the campaign and then promptly started a 200-sector sandbox game.There, I built a -massively- more effective ship using the excellent 'shop' + courier feature, which I somehow neglected most of the campaign. I just got to the point where the zombie invasion starts, and realized that I was not necessarily going to see anything new at that point (I also hit level 107 and about 330 threat). That said, still satisfied. But would appreciate more.The fact that the sandbox mode exists in the first place is great though, and I feel the game was not only worth the money but it has a ton of potential for futher refinement and elaboration... perhaps not just difficulty / variable sliders but fun different challenges like achieving a certain territory dominance rate, or achieve X number of alliances, or earn a specific amount of wealth. I am sure people could come up with many more ideas, looking at other sandboxy / strategy games like Civ series or '4X' titles (Master of Orion, Galactic Civilizations, etc). It would also be nice to have more modules/perks that help focus different playstyles such as building a fighter ""carrier"" ship, sniping, or supporting/enhancing your wingman/hangar ships (shield/armor repair?)It took guts to reinvent SPAZ in an different perspective for SPAZ2, but it was already highly enjoyable as an EA title, and there is a huge 'okay just one more fight"" feeling. and this is an indie franchise that I would love to see continue to develop and spawn more sequels."
,Recommended,252470,24051722,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Paraiso,"Nice combate game play. The new ship parts lack in high level appearance, is difficult to find new parts to better your ship.Overall its a good game to pass the time"
,Not Recommended,252470,29941862,Posted: 15 February,all,NerArth,"Even though I had accepted that SPAZ 2 was not supposed to be a direct sequel to SPAZ 1, I was unfortunately unable to enjoy the game.I couldn't see the same kind of quirky humour and the graphical style just seemed completely different, even ignoring the fact that one is 3D and the other 2D. I'm mostly thinking of menus, icons, ship styles, etc. The large difference in the style of sounds and soundscapes and music so on, also really put me off, but I guess that comes down to personal expectation.As for the gameplay, the combat was ok, but it felt like a weird mini-game that the game almost doesn't need. If the combat was resolved on a stastistic, tactical level, it would have made no difference, especially since the main game action takes place in the ""empire"" view.The resource management stuff seemed alright, but I just couldn't get too excited about anything in particular. Again, I think this mostly comes down to styling choices and personal expectation of consistency in styling (with the previous game). I also couldn't feel that each resource felt important, on a gameplay level, even though in a more lore-oriented view each resource was made to sound very important, especially Rez with its decline in availability.The ship designing felt a bit confusing (regarding part quality and placement availability), but not difficult - perhaps it felt too simple.From what I could see, the lore was expanded from the first game in a decent way - it mostly felt like there was a natural flow to the story-related stuff.I can't recommend the game on a personal level because it just felt bland and boring - and I did try to enjoy it, as I was genuinely interested in the gameplay at first, but it just didn't keep my attention. It didn't help that I kept getting the feeling that the game was being more dramatised than it needed to be (for myself)."
,Recommended,252470,25125086,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mandena,While at the EA release the game was bare bones and some basic mechanics were frustrating to use that is no longer the case. In 3 months the (2)devs have put in some quality work and now ship building and part shopping (2 major meta-gameplay elements) are no longer tedious and annoying. I fully expect the game to eventually be a far better game than SPAZ 1 was at the end of EA.
76561197996832469,Recommended,252470,25201013,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fat Mike,"One of the best games I've bought in a while. In a browser filled with crap, SPAZ 2 blasts it's way through.This is an early access review. The game is still recieving some(much needed) tweaks to the endgame but, it's a solid title. Support these ♥♥♥♥s. SPAZ 2 is a winner."
76561197983505207,Recommended,252470,25742549,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Eymrich,"Even if it's early access the game is already flawless. I had 0 crash and very few(understandable) fps drop that in no way affect gameplay.It's different from the first SPAZ, but it keep consistence over the gameplay and in the end it's fun like the first.The developers are also very friendly to the community and are always listening to us.If you enjoed the first spaz, buy it. You will not regret it.If you didn't, buy both, since they are actually different they are still nice to play!"
76561198000698039,Recommended,252470,25886237,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Fugasas,"Awesome game even in Early access it is already very interesting and addictive. Colors and battle of ships are astonishing.For me main thing is missing some kind of better battle music such as rock and techno. Also maybe more different type of events on map. While now there are quite a lot of action, but still I would prefer more different missions/objectives of battles."
,Recommended,252470,35091746,Posted: 20 September,all,cjman93,"An absolutely nuts game. I have no idea what the developers sci-fi influences are but they've birthed as nutty a game as could fit under the name ""S.P.A.Z. 2"".It's basically a simplified space Mount and Blade, except just as you're graduating from a poor nobody to a wealthy warlord, a horde of Zombies show up and you have to go lead a war against them.People say something was lost between the shift from 2D to 3D, not to mention lots of other differences, but S.P.A.Z. 2 is probably the best place for newcomers IMO. Unless you really care about the plot of a game about blowing up horrible squishy zombies in space."
76561198017228487,Recommended,252470,25007233,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Lupicyne Sylandra,"The first game was a hit as a great sandbox, and this game is designed to deliver in the same vein - with improvements to the sandbox mode.The tutorial does exactly what it should - shows the game with a vein of humor, how to play and build, and what the various elements do.  Then you can create your own wild universe!*This is early access.  The Devs are still hard at work coding in new features, but they are taking their time to do it right, not rush it.  If you loved the original SPAZ, give this a go.  Just remember - it's a shattered universe.  It's your turn to have fun picking up the pieces and building a better one.  And that's what this title is all about."
,Recommended,252470,34091753,Posted: 7 August,all,SirLanceAlittle,"One year late, or a few months too early? My review that is. Super excited to play this again when it's done.35 hours from playing this game over a year ago & Still in Early Access?Well this Developer has my congratulations and well deserved thanks for such a fun romp around space: a la Captain Forever + SPAZ + 3D Blast 'em up. This was a fantastic combination and since I played a year ago, larger more substantial fighters have been added which can also have custom loadouts. So many new ship modules too. Really looking to find out if ramming ships and breaking them in half is still a practical tactic.The most surprising fun I've had with SPAZ 2 is RAMMING. When has that ever been a thing in space?You focus on engines, then sheilds, then smash your way into your enemies just as you break enemy shields. Your ship looses a part? No problem, tractor beam it back into place. You want to catapult a stray component as though it were a massive asteroid? You can do that too! You can even use asteroids! Destroying enemy ships using their own body parts......Literally you are beating them to death with their own body parts. I've never had so much fun. You can skim pebbles across a lake right? Well how about you go try it now with SPAZ. Incredibly dangerous. Incredibly fun."
,Recommended,252470,34901531,Posted: 12 September,all,Shao,"SPAZ 2 is a very enjoyable experience overall.Modularity of the ships makes it fun to try out new shapes and builds of different weapons against different threats, the optimization seems really well done for an early access game (not for the lack of pretty either), The faction system is an interesting touch to it too, kinda makes you feel like you're playing a much bigger 4X-ish game, keeping you invested, even when you found a steam-roller build for your ship And last but not least, the witty banter didn't loose it's charm since SPAZ 1 either.All in all, different game to the first and imho for the better."
76561198091547521,Recommended,252470,23102365,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Xuruki,"As a fan of SPAZ 1 i really had to get this game as well,for obvious reasons i was not disappointed.It is still early access and despite that it runs great for me. The game died twice within 17H Gameplay and for a early access game that is really neat, best part is that none of the data was lost and the game starts up fast even without a SSD.So this ain't bugging me.The combat is really epic, at first you start out trying to get the hang of the game and be friendly to everyone cause you are just a small time cruiser. Attacking bandits or ganging up on bandits with others to increase the chance of survival. Good part, the one you fought along with remembers you and might just aid you in your next battle. As well as everyone around you, despite what you done, either likes or dislikes you then. But weirdly enough nobody minds you killing other spaceships as long as they are in no faction.The more you carry with you, the slower you are! But i dont mind cause i run on Eco-Mode. Slow but barely and rez gets used along the way. Besides the battles come to me, and there was one time when it really paid off carrying all that parts with me. There were 3 Captains ganging up on me, and i kept losing the battle but i kept loading the autosave.  After each battle i switched some parts trying another strategy and build to ensure my victory. After 3 Loses i finally build an decent build that can take on any ship as long as i play it safe (more like beserker though XD)Once you took down their shield and you still got yours, its time to go full throttle and take him on! Keep going  to separate target from the group and drive it into some asteroids or space waste as you keep shooting it.Just when its about to go down, Brake and make a run for it as you give it the final strike cause you dont want to keep hugging the space ship when its about to explode right'?It's a epic new kind of SPAZ, its different, yes, but who says it needs to be exactly the same as spaz 1'? If you love spaz one you go play that.Its early access and the devs keep working on it and its up to you how it changes, if you have ideas, post em up. If you things you dislike share it with them. They are a really great team and while the developement might be running slow, its getting there!Ion SRM are great for taking out their shields from afar , you can then dash in and get that lethal strike on it. Explosive warheads are also very nice! The Cannons and the impact from hitting it with your ship will do the trick really.Seeing your enemy go down and explode is highly satisfying!If you still don't know if you should get it, take a look at their 50min+ gameplay or watch some lets plays if there are some. Or just dive right into it and get a taste yourself.i Personally love the game :D"
,Recommended,252470,29236059,Posted: 13 January,all,|TG| Vitamin187,"""Uhhhhh, this is an unregistered broadcast from the resistance, man. F*** the UTA, dude, just say no to cannibalism— Zombies are REAL!""""In space, no one can hear you scream... unless you're transmitting on the right radiowave frequency"""
76561198074625094,Recommended,252470,31775711,Posted: 15 May,all,A Stoned Peasant,"Give these guys support. Their team is very small and they constantly update their game to please everyone and they listen to their player base! That alone should be enough to make you buy this gem of a game. I was a huge fan of the first one, and waited ages for SPAZ2 to come out! I was confused at first because it didn't look like SPAZ, but it quickly became obvious that this was a great ""sequel"" and it's probably one of the few games I felt was worth my money. It doesn't get any better than this, even if you're unsure, try it out! The people who complain that it is ""too hard"" just don't take the time to understand the mechanics and the freedom you have to essentially do anything you want. I don't get why it says I've played 0.8h, that's obviously not true! Like some others said, you lose track of time when you play this game. Definitely recommend it!"
76561198174768571,Recommended,252470,25902484,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Russ,"I started playing Space Pirates And Zombies 2 last night and did 7 hours straight. I couldn't stop even if I wanted to. For a two-man dev team and being in early access, this is a really enjoyable, polished experience. If you liked FTL, think of this as a version with gorgeous 3D graphics and sound.The space battles are where this game shines. Its a third person battlefield where you have to position your ship to utilise it's firepower. You also have support fighters that will assist you. Through battles and exploration you discover scrap and equipment to upgrade your ship.You can also design your ship, which is alot of fun. Although at the start your options are pretty limited. It's based on a lego system essentially. You have different looking blocks, which do different things and you get to decide how they're bolted together.I havent played the first game in the series, but my understanding is that this is quite a departure from it, so you might want to check those differences out before buying.A really impressive game for an Early Access title and its only at version 0.7 currently. If the theme is something you enjoy, you should definitely check this out."
76561198152139467,Recommended,252470,25813275,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Covfefe,"36 Hours in the game so far. worth every penny. i would compare it to Mount and Blade in that you roam arround and kill things with your mothership and smaller strike craft and can attack starbases and make your own empire. there is a deeper layer of combat in that different weapons kill shields/armor/health at different rates. basicly HE=health Lasers=shields. I cant wait for more updates and content. A+, would play again (and prolly will)"
,Recommended,252470,24603300,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Rogue Scientist,Already a worthy successor to SPAZ.
,Recommended,252470,34529869,Posted: 27 August,all,Ceduic,"Well executed 4X lite with zombies.Could use a slider for the bloom option, because everything becomes a blurry mess when there's too much action on screen. Turning bloom option off entirely causes some projectiles to become nearly invisible."
,Recommended,252470,23588322,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,briantherunner,"At the time of writing this review I have completed the campaign and sandbox modes each once.  I am finishing up a second sandbox playthrough.  As a huge fan of SPAZ 1 the changes made me nervous because I wasn't sure if it would be as much fun as the first game.  I decided to treat this game as separate from the first one and let go of any expectations and I am so glad I did.  I have really enjoyed the ~50 hours of gameplay so far and it is fun in its own right.  Even in this early access state the game feels relatively complete as opposed to some early access games which have less than 50% of the content available.  The developer duo are awesome and very responsive.  They already have made major fixes and updates to improve the game's experience with so much more planned.Pros:+ Mothership battles graphics are great - really enjoy the animations and the effects  (so much fun to tear apart my enemy's ship apart piece by piece)+ Starmap strategic layer is a fun addition for exploration and interacting with the other 200 NPCs+ Economics are much less of grind - no more mining for hours or collecting individual goons with your ships+ Arena battles showcase some interesting ship designs and allows great experimentation with tactics / weapons+ The mothership customization is really fun - the parts have interesting designs for different factions (mix & match)+ Still has the great SPAZ humorNeutrals:= The Mothership construction (tractor beam) is fun for a while but it can also become a chore at times= The synthesized voices are actually kind of fun - it is definitely appropriate for certain characters aka the ship computer but real voice acting would be a nice addition for the main crew members= The various factions could use some additional personality and backstory= The perk system is okay and offers some interesting choices, but the tech tree in SPAZ 1 was preferred for specializationCons:- The randomness in ship parts and perks makes specialization and deliberate design choices more difficult (the v0.2.0 shopping update did alleviate a bunch of the part randomness)- Only customize the mothership and basically control the one ship - the smaller ships in your fleet (now called strikecraft) have been significantly reduced in quality so there is no point in controlling them - most battles I can safely ignore them as little more than pests- In the current state there are not really any missions or dynamic side quests/events like in the first SPAZ - however that is a priority on the developer's listEven in its current state at v0.2.4 I would recommend it to anyone interested in space games - the game is only going to get better with time because the devs are amazing - (SPAZ 1 got a lot of love too over time - the bounter hunter expansion)."
76561198093859628,Recommended,252470,23104201,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,skivington96,"SPAZ 2 is a great sequel to SPAZ it's combat is vastly different with you flying the mothership rather than the strike craft however you still can fly the strike craft. The combat is fun, easy to learn and you can even change to a top down view like the old SPAZ game if you prefer that. Also you are able to build your own empire with the ability to assign other captains of your own faction to the stations to manage them, however in late game against zombies if your stations are upgraded your stations are literally sitting ducks.In my opinion 9/10 with my only issue being the synthesized voices being slightly creepy however you can disbable this at any times in the opitions menu."
76561198044848121,Recommended,252470,23102722,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,samthunder,"Just finished the main campaign on the default difficulty and had a great time.  I have over 100 hours in the original SPAZ and loved it.  I heartily recommend this one; despite what other reviews are saying there are a lot of similarities to the original and most of the changes are improvements.  I find combat to be MUCH more fun in this and that's where you'll be spending a majority of your time.PROS:*Graphics are really awesome and it's fun (and difficult if you have a massive warship) to navigate around all the supernovas*Sound is great, voice acting desperately needs to be implemented soon!*More strategy involved in the dog fighting than the original due to the ability to boost shields/reload at will*Less grindy..I actually found it a little too easy on normal difficulty to get partsCONS: STILL IN EARLY ACCESS SO SUBJECT TO CHANGE*The allied fleet on the starmap (tactical view) could use some tweaks to their AI.  Fully upgraded outposts constantly getting wiped out and have trouble getting my allies to join me for big battles even when I set them to wingman mode sometimes they refuse to engage in my battlesFinal word:  I was playing this before it even launched and love it.If you enjoy upgrades and dogfighting space battles with lots of pretty explosions get this game."
76561198038795239,Not Recommended,252470,23175264,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,heathkun,"I finished the main campaign and played a few sandbox games as well.  This is an early access review.  I'll update it once the game comes out or changes significantly.If you're anything like me you spent 100+ hours in the original SPAZ.  You loved the combat, the ship customization, and applying those with tactics in real battles.  It was a nice place to experiment with ships as you were constantly finding blueprints from your downed enemies.  The creators have said they didn't want to create a direct sequel in terms of gameplay.  And they haven't.Let me give you the positives first.+ Game looks great.  They've clearly spent a lot of time on this.+ Controller support.+ New galaxy map has potential.+ You can create your own ships.  The interface for doing so is a little clunky.  It'll probably get better.+ You can create your own faction.+ Weapon attacks look really cool.+ AI captains who rememebr things.+ physics seem more polished.  You can ram ships and it sort of feels right when you knock off a piece you had a direct impact on.+ Not incredibly buggy.  Never crashed for me, never found anything broken.Negatives:- The tractor beam that you manually control.  We can only hope they come to their senses and change this back to automatic.   The sad thing is there's tons of useless things to tractor beam.   Like rocks and explosive containers.  The game doesn't have that same explosion of loot from enemies the original had in terms of data, goons, and rez.  Now it's almost all done outside of battle.   But he few things the tractor beam is used for-- my god.  Just wait until you see the annoyance of having parts of your ship knocked off and trying to tractor beam them back on during combat.   You're better off just reloading the game and figuring out a way to win without losing shields.- I hate the new loot system.  Getting random parts with random weapons.   It's one step foward and two steps back.  You're going to love creating your own ships, you're just going to be sad that no matter how much effort you put into it they always look kinda ugly unless you get incredibly lucky or want to sacrifice combat ability for looks.   They went away from the system where you can place weapons into hardened points on the ship.  I would have loved to see that here with the random parts that have random stats -- hardened points to place weapons you scavange or find.-  Battles are more chaotic.  Feels less strategic and more dumbed down.  Hard to figure out the weapons the enemy has or where you should target to disable them.   This is partially because there's no ship designs you can recognise.  Just heaps of random weapons.-  The escort ships (many straight from SPAZ1) are underwhelming and a chore.  They explode easily, you can't really customize them, and the enemy escorts can be a major time sink and annoyance without adding much challenge.-  Arena is overpowered.  I personally don't like arena, never did.  But maybe you like arena, but it's too rewarding and one of the only things you can do without♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥different factions off.  So you just end up flying from sector to sector getting free resources and xp.   You probably can get your first 20 out of 40 levels just doing this.  Maybe more.-  The focus on creating your own faction falls flat.  Really grindy, impossible to figure out what your AI allies will do.   For example, if you attack an enemy with your allies around they may help, or they may ignore you and it results in a 1v3 unwinnable fight.   There's no way to marshall them -- and it all ends up being rather pointless.  Remember mass effect 3 and gather allies throughout the game to increase your faction strength?  Yeah, about as pointless.Early access quirks:+- Voice acting isn't done yet.+- Balance on weapons is really bad.+- AI needs a lot of work.+- Economic model needs tuning.All in all, this is the product of a lot of time and love.  I have no doubt the creators will keep going and polish this up.  I'm happy to have supported them especially given the hundreds of hours of enjoyment from their first installment.   Unfortunately, due to their responses to critisism so far I have no expectation that they are going to budge on many of the controversial aspects of their changes from SPAZ1.   For that reason, I can't recommend this game at this time.  It simply for me was a bit of a chore  to play and a disappointing culmination of waiting half a decade for another installment."
,Recommended,252470,23197026,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,alveolate,"as the spiritual successor to SPAZ 1, this game definitely delivers, even if it's in a mostly different style.the 3D battles are exhilirating and being able to ram ships and fling debris at each other is just awesome! there are some limitations, but the devs are looking at ways to improve on the general formula.the real-time starmap is also very engaging, and as a drastic change to the SPAZ 1 starmap, i think it is very nicely implemented. similarly, some of the less attractive elements are being looked at by the devs -- specifically the tutorials and campaign quests.overall, it was a great experience. may have taken a while to get used to how different everything is (imo, the game is only about 10-20% similar to SPAZ 1, and most of that is because the characters were carried over). but i'm glad i took a while to get into the game, and i must say i love it.if you want more of the same SPAZ 1 experience, i don't blame you. but there are already lots of mods which expanded on the SPAZ 1 experience, so imo i'm glad SPAZ 2 is so different and amazing in its own way. a gentle reminder: the game IS in early access, so i fully expect many more changes -- especially the eventual implementation of multiplayer! the devs have been exceptionally engaged in the forums, so there is a real sense of co-development going on with early adopters. if you want to give your input, i fully recommend buying in now. but if you prefer to play safe and wait for the full release, i'm sure you won't be disappointed either.10/10 will ram an infected ship again for double K.O.my hands feel like two balloons."
76561198104396683,Recommended,252470,23179754,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ossen_74,Completed the campaign .... very enjoyable game once you get the hang of it . Great job !!
76561198039417136,Not Recommended,252470,23128623,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Trilandian,"I came into this game from the first SPAZ, expecting to get an improvement on the original, or at the very least more of the same, but I've sadly gotten neither.SPAZ 2, to me, feels like a lesser version of SPAZ 1 in pretty much every respect.Everything from the combat to the progression system to the ship customization has been neutered.If you're a fan of SPAZ 1, you will most likely be disappointed by this game."
,Recommended,252470,35097792,Posted: 20 September,all,GaiRiz,"PlayingSPAZ 2 make me want to go back and play SPAZ 1Pro:Better Graphic (Somewhat)Sub core assembling is funIndividual CaptainStarbase ManagementCon:New Galaxy MapWeak Story (Saw this coming miles away)Less quest (I really like secondary quest in spaz1)No Multiplayer (IMHO It's almost as if SPAZ2 was designed for co-op and multiplayer)New Combat and Camera system (Seriously, doing combat for more than 15 minutes and I get dizzy. I played a lot of space combat and I never get this dizzy, just spin around and around)SummaryI'd give this a 6.5 overall. It's good but not that great comparing with SPAZ1.P.S. Regardless of the game, the DEV here is THE BEST I've ever seen. Best Interaction and response with players. To DEV: Please never ever change, no matter what happen, a keep it up!"
,Recommended,252470,30015860,Posted: 18 February,all,ZSST,"I love it!If you played SPAZ1 before, you'll learn that the game setting is the same, but the gameplay is quite a lot diferent. The emphasis is a lot more on trading and looting. The combat is a lot more automated (I really needed automatically aiming cannons in the first game) but still needs a lot of your strategy and effort. I enjoyed seeing the old characters again, however they did totally change Mackenzies character - he was 300% more awesome in the first game.If you haven't played the first game - there's no need to, the story is included in this game as collectible data. The game has a nice tutorial to get you started. The ship designing/building is a very interesting core mechanic of the game, you can basically design your own playstyle. The gameplay on the map is pretty engaging too, making you think how to better deploy your faction or how to hinder the growth of other factions. It's sad that the game doesn't have commands for your captains to tell them where to go, other than setting bounties on targets.Note that this game requires somewhat beefy computer to run well on major battles (it runs smoothly, but slowly). My laptop failed to handle even regular gameplay (if you want to play game somewhat like this on a brick, play SPAZ1).Really nice game overall, some minor flaws, but nothing too dramatic.8/10(could be 9, but I was quite disappointed about Mackenzie)."
76561197993500303,Recommended,252470,26749895,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Gorebane,"A good return to SPAZ, almost too good now that it needs a slightly more serious title! My only concern is that it is a little too short, I've just about completed it in under 20 hours. The ""universe"" feels 15-20 times smaller than the original, but that could just be because it's still in development. Worth buying if you're a fan of the original, worth keeping on your wishlist if not."
,Recommended,252470,24381866,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ComaD,The gameplay is fun and the modular component system is unique and interesting. I can't wait for some of the upcoming features the devs have mentioned.
,Recommended,252470,24502139,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ShooterHD1,"Spaz 2 is a great game i finnished it with 38 hours. It has great replay values althought is is extreamly hard in the beginning (after lvl5) but the moment you get your stratagy right u will be the boss. I loved the story line and i cant wait for multiplayer but i would like it if u could equip weapons on your wing man, (i love the ending of the game it is realy fun)"
76561198002422867,Recommended,252470,26764108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,creighton_dragon,"SPAZ2 is a excellent game which satisfies the craving for the carnage that can only come from two massive vessels pounding each other into nothingness.  It's 3D combat situated on a 2D plane reminds me of the old game series Starfleet Command.  Options abound for how to build and equip your ship, as well as how you go about establishing yourself in the galaxy.Perhaps the best aspect of the game though, is its developers.  Despite being a very small ( only 2 people I believe) team, they manage to show more involvement with the community of fans than do many large AAA titles.  They also make effort to try and encorporate the fans wants into the game."
76561198024148046,Recommended,252470,28474172,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Canadutchian,"The team does great work publishing updates to improve he quality of the game. While still in early access, I would say it is a good purchase. Fly your mothership in a faux 3D setting, accompanied by strike vessels, and battle space pirates as well as a zombie infection. Be a member of a faction while other captains vie for dominance. And when you are ready, create your own faction and rise to the top!Great levels of customizability through various ship parts, part sizes, and many styles of weaponry (offensive and defensive). On top of that, the parts themselves can lean towards shields, armor, or hull strength to add more variety."
,Recommended,252470,29535416,Posted: 27 January,all,KingPigbat,Didnt play spaz 1 but they have a lore feature that allows you to piece together most of the previous story. I wasnt crazy about the game at first because i didnt feel like learning the gameplay but once I did I became addicted. The annoying computer generated voices in the game that do the story line kinda grow ya but I cant wait til they patch in real voice actors but other than that this game is up their with games like terraria and rocket league. My next game buy is SPAZ 1 for sure!
76561197993929665,Recommended,252470,24377150,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ducktape,I have not played the first game. To downvote this because it doesn't follow its predecessor is absurd. I'm really enjoying my time so far.
76561197972552171,Recommended,252470,29432073,Posted: 22 January,all,Spongebob_Mrkrabs,"I’m normally an early access skeptic, I still am, for the most part, but this game has made me think a bit harder before completely boycotting early access games. I would go as far to say that this game might be more functional and complete than some games that are released as completed products, minus the voice acting for some of the roles. Having said that the team is communicating very well with its customers about their plans for future updates and it seems to me like the money they are receiving is going to good use.Some of the more negative comments about this game seem to dwell on the fact that the game is a far cry from the original S.P.A.Z 1 title and honestly they are not wrong, it is very different. But the way I am looking at it is that S.P.A.Z 2 is like a reboot, like Batman, there are many iterations of Batman and each one is different to the other. That’s what these games are like, they both have their merits and I would not give this game a bad review because it isn’t like the first, in fact I commend the designers for taking a huge leap as they have done here.S.P.A.Z 1 is still awesome, its still in my heart, but I am completely hooked on S.P.A.Z 2 right now!This game is a wise investment, of time and money. I will be keeping an eye out for other tittles from this company for sure."
,Recommended,252470,24344049,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Exlium,"A great game created by devs who know how to listen to their fans. The game continues to impress me as they update it with new features making the experience better each time I play. I recommend this game even if you have not played the original, as they are quite different games."
76561198002511569,Recommended,252470,25955695,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zinser,"Loved spaz #1, really love the changes they've made with Spaz#2After a long game I had my starbase setup next to Admiral Blorf, fought back and forth, eventually crushed him.Admiral Blorf became infected, and I blew zombie Blorf out of the sky...Admiral Blorf came back and stomped me with some zombie buddies,Realized Admiral Blorf is also game developer's name....Would blast Zombie Blorf again...10/10 Great fun!"
,Recommended,252470,25092819,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TimFortress,"If 3d is too hard you can switch back to 2d topdown view. If you always miss your lazer shots, try press q and set mode to autofire, this helps alot if you are in 3d mode and too much enemies to handle"
76561198131690126,Recommended,252470,24339477,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Drago,I love this game and I mean adore it but theres a feature that really bugs me the zombies how if they infect a commander you cant uninfect without killing the alpha zombie base I wish there was a long annoying way to cure the commanders like paying 10000 scrap for a antidote witch you have to blast the guy to pieces and then he his a quarter of the way cured and you haves to do that 3 more times but you keep the antidote till the final time killing and he's cured then he adores you with 99 relations or something
76561198037432097,Recommended,252470,25099903,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,bluerunneredbeans,"If you like building your own awesome spaceships and pitting them against some pretty cool AI captains in a medium sized galaxy this game is for you!If you like indi games and small developers that put their everloving heart and soul into their games, this game is for you!Seriously, I don't know when these guys sleep, they are super responsive in the forums and are rolling out new and gamechanging updates almost every other week, they listen and respond, so buy this game and have a hand in shaping the final product!"
76561197968370037,Recommended,252470,30289232,Posted: 2 March,all,The Asgard,"A big thumbs up for this early access. Just needs some missions to mix things up. I have no interest in multiplayer, give me a solid single player every time."
,Recommended,252470,24019812,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pinkeh,The explosions are spectacular. Will ram into motherships again.
76561198006412514,Recommended,252470,35092114,Posted: 20 September,all,Formy Zee,"Starting playing Spaz2 I didn't like it much, I guess I was expecting something like Spaz1, and it really isn't much like that.But upon giving it a second try it started growing on me.This is not a review just my thoughts and a pointer to others expecting another Spaz1 to keep in there and give it a chance.Game is pretty awsome and fun, just as the first game was.And the devs are pretty awsome as well,,giving ppl info to NOT buy the game since a sale is coming etc..pretty rare behaviour in this cashgrabbing world of gaming that we live in.Looking forward to the full release..Good job MinMax and good luck with 1.0"
76561198268193917,Recommended,252470,30941256,Posted: 4 April,all,Laceon,"(Updated Review)I was hesitant at first glance to purchase this game, at full price none the less.  Many of the early access games have been plauged with broken updates or dev's that disapear.I was going to wait for it to go on sale but could restrain my self no more.  My curiousity was peaked.  18 hours later....  Damned zombies still trying to take my space!    NO!!! BAD,  ZOMBIES!!  BAD!!!This is a piece of art!Good story driven gameplay, I personally love the origional ""Voice acting"" ( Or lack there of ) lol. It is almost fitting for the era and almost helps to delve into the scene a little more, with its cyber-roughish attitude, i feel computer generated voices are appropriate for many of the characters!However I will have to sourly admit that i dont particularily feel that the new voice acting fits in the game, at some points it sounds like they are trying to hard (Sorry, i know how much work you guys put into it).Horribly awsome jokes, quirky crew, and a delicious managerie of lore that helps piece it all together.I cant say i have found a game with a good story in a while. ( Or with a story at all )The gameplay is smooth and has a nice tactical importance applied.Satisfying grinds that fell more like gaming than, oh this♥♥♥♥♥♥again.There are few things that need to be fixed , but its a stable .exe and does not crash.  Best of all it is a tiny download.  How the Devs pulled that off is beyond me.I think the ship construction could be a little more stream line, at least the option in the shop window to equip something.  It gets frustrating sometimes to add just one thing without having the items place taken.Last but not least.My new favorite game!  XDThis game is well worth 20$ plus a blow job.Good work!!!"
,Recommended,252470,25074961,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thamadman,"Im not a guy who usually goes for early access titles(at the moment i own only this and one more game of this type) and i've got to say this game is worth every penny.The devs with the help of the community focus on making the game better,i have nothing bad to say,if you like this genre go ahead and buy it you won't regret it."
76561198044016870,Recommended,252470,25002607,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Yatta!,This game is pretty neat!And it gets better with every update!
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,252470,25744199,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Destyre,"Playing SPAZ 2 is like watching Rambo: First Blood Part 2 after watching First Blood. It's very different from it's predecessor: watered down, mindless, just with added fluff and pretty lights. You may even want a refund on your cinema ticket, screaming: ""What the ♥♥♥♥ was that all about?""It's a very different game than the first. In it's own right, however, it's dull, repetitive and generic, anyway. Ships are made up like wads of random lego blocks stuck together by a blind man who loves to spray his ""creations"" with neon paint after he slaps them together in his drunken stupor.Gone is the reverse engineering in order to fly ships, now replaced with mindless hoarding of ""modules"" (AKA grey cubes with pretty lights stuck on them), be it from salvage or the many (almost identical) shops scattered around the flat, uneventful map. In combat, you'll fly these ships that look like the satanic coupling of lego blocks and cancerous tumours in glorious 3D this time around! ...Although it's not really 3D as you fly your freakish abomination of a ship around on a 2D plane and fire a small selection of weapons that require little more than button bashing to use effectively.... no wait I take it back: you can hold the mouse button continuously and it will achieve an even better result. Go you!I'm disappointed with this game. It's just plain crap. Play the first. If you already have played the first, play it again. Just like First Blood: Part 2, it was a mistake to make it, let alone make it this badly."
,Not Recommended,252470,23130254,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,MOOMANiBE,"I was a huge fan of SPAZ1 - but I have to say, this game just isn't ready yet if you're hoping for a worthy sequel.The game pairs an interesting - if flawed - overworld/economics simulation with a new, and -very- clunky combat system.Building bases, trading, and persistent pilots with memories makes for an interesting rep-manipulation game, but it's too easily exploitable with mechanics like the Arena, and confusingly implemented - why is the faction leader's opinion the only one that actually matters?Many of the niggling issues with the overworld (such as suicidal neutral pilots that respawn and try to kill you hundreds of times) are sure to be fixed, but I'm not so sure what can be done about the combat system. Ship controls are slow and clunky, many mechanics (like weapon line of sight and mounting) go completely unexplained, weapon charge, range, and reload times are invisible to the player, and - most bafflingly of all - the game includes a ""battle wagon"" mode that is inarguably superior to ever manually aiming yourself, with 100% accuracy and innate knowledge of all optimal weapon ranges. I simply can't understand why this mode exists except to compensate for wildly inadequate manual-firing UI.As things are now, the game has its fun moments once you begin to work things out, but it's never better than clunky at best, and massively lacks the feeling of a -world- or satisfying combat that spaz1 had. Can this change with time? I hope so. We'll see. I'll update this review as development progresses."
,Recommended,252470,34226379,Posted: 13 August,all,Pragmatic Tornado,"I think the first SPAZ was a little better. I don't particularly like the ugly mothership block building, and I feel the story was a little better in the first one. But the game is still good, and I have to give a major shout out to the devs for building very good VR support for the game, and which even supports the Vive controllers (not sure about Oculus Touch but I believe that is supported as well) - all for free.You would perhaps not expect a game like this to work in VR, and no one would blame you for it. But curiously enough, it's amazing. So much more immersive, even just in the overview map, and the controls work very well too. I hope many more devs follow suit!If you liked the first SPAZ, you will probably like this one as well."
,Recommended,252470,23184487,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,moonsk,Meh.its good in the early and middle.BUT end game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ (by end game i mean the Zombie infection)Needs more balance but otherwise its good.EDIT : Update 8.0So far so good.I can only see this game getting better over time :)
76561197990755166,Recommended,252470,23055360,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Friendly,"Remember when Sonic made the jump from 2D to 3D? SPAZ 2 is a lot like that. It's okay in its own rights which is why I'm giving it a recommendation, but if you're a fan of the original and expected it to be expanded upon, you'll be sorely disappointed."
76561198006530433,Recommended,252470,23175638,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Thranduil,"Alright, I was looking forward to this game since I found out it existed! (Sometime around September 2015 I believe)Played a BUNCH of the original, and loved every moment of it. My favorite part of the original was its spirit, the comedy that went into every mission, every interaction between characters. The whole ""The hull has been breached and the Science is leaking out!"" sums it up rather nicely IMO.This game, the second, while it plays a great deal differently, captures the same spirit. I'm very much looking forward to when voice actors are chosen and get to bring the characters truly to life.To describe the gameplay, one must look at the two aspects of the game: The Universe map and the battle maps.I've taken to comparing the Universe map to the Mount and Blade series, in how it behaves. You've got yourself roaming the map, able to side with whichever faction you please, and eventually create your own faction. Captains (Lords from Mount and Blade) roam the map as well, and can deal with the factions as they please as well.The battle map is something on its own, with two camera angles. Either you can do a third person view (I HIGHLY recommend turning the positional controls off, as you steer in relation to the camera with them on, rather than in relation to your ship with them off) Or you can go in the top/down style the original was in. Given the 3d models and the way they've set this game up, it seems built to play with the third person camera.Add to that a customizeable ship, and some strange and entertaining captain names and you'll have yourelf some great fun!"
76561197993273145,Recommended,252470,23211297,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,CaleighD,"A very different direction, but I love the new approach. To me it feels like it mixes aspects of Freelancer and Heroes of Might & Magic into the formula. Still in early access and some areas still need balance / streamlining, but very promising!"
,Recommended,252470,34804704,Posted: 7 September,all,Becca,this has to be 1 of the most fun games iv played via steam .. its funny witty character building story will certainly grab a giggle or 2 at every turn with great comebacks from the first game .. it is very different to the first game .. but in every way it is different in a good way .. i still get great pleasure from cutting parts off the enemies ships .. that doesnt get old but im a sociopath .. somethings are just so enjoyable XDit has incredible replayability .. and the story isnt the end of the game .. once the story is over you can set about aligning the entire galaxy into 1 faction .. yours ... or you can try and get all the factions to make peace ..there is also a massive extra replayabillity in the sandbox where you can make your own story and make the zombies respawn every few hours to spice the galaxy back up and make the galaxy your size ..the ships are almost infinitly changable so you can customize your ship to play as your playstyle ... personally i like to be a sniper ship myself .. dont want to damage my nails obviously XDi love this game ... got about 200 hours ... steam says 55 but thats a lie .. it only reports on game time wile connected online ... and doesnt report on other offline work arounds
76561198010242470,Not Recommended,252470,35122568,Posted: 22 September,all,Major Twitch,"Wasn't bad for $10, but I enjoyed the first game far more. Would give it 4/10. Story was okay, characters were good, faction management decent. Ship progression now has a major RNG factor and ship design has been heavily simplifed. Which is main cause of lack luster combat and the reason I cannot recommend."
,Recommended,252470,23184534,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Somsphet,"This is not the greatest game in the world, but it is still one of the best I have played this year.But if you are looking for a sci-fi strategy shooter, with hundreds of customizable options and constantly changing overworld, then this is the game for you.If you have played the first game, some of the weapons and battle tactics will seem familier and come back naturally. But this game forces you to improvise. You don't get the luxery of picking your battles. More powerful ships will hunt you down. You have to get clever, make choices you didnt think would work.An example, spoiler free. I was faced with two higher level enemy ships. I did not have the time or resources to run away, and in my hurry to escape I accidently destroyed my only way out. I was left with two options. Reload, or fight. I chose to fight, and decided to try ramming.I have then since used this tactic and built my ships around the ability to ram. I have won many battles that left me outgunned and outnumbered, because I chose to ram the enemy into asteroids and explosives. The downside is I spend a lot in fixing my ship.I think the ability to customize your ship to suit your tactics is the best part of this game. Taking the story mode is sugguested heavily, since they don't hand hold, but they will teach you important aspects of the game as they become relevant. I am very rarely seeing an event and wondering why since everything was explained carefully.I have waited for years for this game since I loved playing the first one. I am sad to say, that I will not be playing the first game anymore. There is no aspect of the first game that I miss because this second one either exceeds what it did before or enhanced it. The game is more fun and more enjoyable with all these events to do and take care of."
,Recommended,252470,23201014,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Brazilian Joe,"SPAZ2 is shaping up to be a more awesomer game than it was when Early Access started!Our awesome developer overlords are taking gameplay suggestions by heart, and diligently implementing a lot of what makes sense to  their vision of the game in the gameplay.The game is not a direct sequel gameplay-wise from SPAZ in the more-of-the-same sense, and it's a good thing. Gameplay challenges are updated, the environment is 3D but gameplay is still 2D.The game has a very modular ship-building, and empire-building is a fun, repeatable endeavor in sandbox.It's worth giving a shot!"
76561198022419536,Recommended,252470,23516952,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,kill20,"Same concept as SPAZ 1, different gameplay.You control your mothership (concider this to be your flagship with massive firepower) or your strikecraft (fighters/frigates). There is a top-to-down-mode, a third person camera (my favorite) and a first person point of view.You can shape the mothership in any shape you want, with any weapons you want if you got the parts (thanks shopping cart update). If you want a long ship with lots of guns on the side, you can do that. If you want a big target with lots of guns on the front and massive engines on the back and ram the [insert profanity] out of a top tier starbase, that works aswel.At this point, the developers are still active and they actually listen to player-feedback, and they actually add new feature (that don't break balance).Enjoyed it so far, will keep my eyes open for any future updates. Keep up the good work."
76561198071309276,Recommended,252470,23660537,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Creomant,"The creators asked to not compare SPAZ 2 to first installment, which is pretty hard when we take into account similar story background / world. I personally think SPAZ 1 was mediocre. I've started it couple times and stopped playing somewhere of the middle of the shortest campaign, due to being repetetive and pretty boring... so I've never finished it. The idea was great but game was very simplistic and frankly, quite empty.SPAZ 2 (on EARLY ACCESS) is already surpassing first installement in many areas, for example:Graphic - It's purely fantastic experience, especially when your mothership with abutance of light cannons is shredding multiple enemies into space dust. Great lighting effects and amazing battle backgrounds.Ship Management - Now you don't have to manage your fleet of small ships (which was fun I admit it), instead you have to take care of big ship which you can built from a huge amount of parts you can trade or scavenge in the universe.Battle - These are actually fun! Of course at some point I just keep turrets automatic and deal with navigation, missiles evadig, shield management or trying tu run but it still gives plenty of fun. In scope mode it was much easier to shot off particular elements of the enemy ships (or base nodes which are outside the shield field).From the minuses:Ship editor makes me swear very hardly. Requirement to hold a keyboard key and swing element when you're dealing with multiple pieces is frustrating at best. If you add to that the fact that dragged piece quite often attach to the node you don't want to, and you have to detach it... it's makes me mad and it's really hard to achieve normally.Element stats are hard to read, there is no comparison between something you want to buy and the element attached.I don't like Idea of Ship parts with gun nodes (with randomized placeement) of the particular weapon. Personally I would prefer to buy shipparts which have some kind of stats (energy output, available light/medium/heavy nodes) and weapons that you can attach to slot. Yes it would enlarde complexity of build / scavenge / trade, but it would make life easier for people who likes symmetric ships, and would allow to optimise turrets effectivity by placing them in spot we want exactly.I would also love to see some bigger battles than up to 4 mothership / spacebase with up to 4 support frigates. THe game have potential for incredible fast-pacing and intense battles!In general Early Access product was incredibly stable, bug free, with ton of fun and fantastic visuals. It has some gameplay issues I mentioned (which are most likely preference) but I believe the creators will workout it and do many many changes to the product before it goes Gold."
,Recommended,252470,25020663,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Loomi,"The game just keeps getting better with each update and the amount of updates is unbelievable for a 2man team. Minmax, one of the best indie devs out there."
,Recommended,252470,23076341,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Studly Adams,"Played it for 20 minutes last night and  I wasn't sure, seemed alot different, didn't really get what was going on. Put 4+ hours in after work today, I love this game and I hate work. ♥♥♥♥ going into work. I'm going to take a hammer to my leg and call out sick so i can play SPAZ 2 and Faah Haaahbahh all day tomorrow.."
,Recommended,252470,23076740,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BurnThePlanet,"Great game. Have been waiting for the last 3.5 years for this one to finally come out. What seemed like one of those never ending ""soon"" games like some are these days. This one actually came out! Some things could be improved upon the tutorial in particular and the starmap system and bounty system. Otherwise, if you played SPAZ and liked it, this one you'll like aswell; However, IMO SPAZ had more depth and better combat and upgrade system than SPAZ 2."
76561197992954693,Recommended,252470,23078271,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Angry mob,"this game is fun now, looking forward to future updates! cause it can inprove, but more then playable for now :)"
,Recommended,252470,23088565,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[RIP] Jesper,"It seems small scale at first - but the build up is fantastic! I'm currently at level 15 after 8 hours of gameplay and the battles are getting extremely tense.They did some fantastic rework of the game systems from SPAZ 1 and the easiest way for me to explain the gameplay would be Mount & Blade in space. I love it!The game works in both top-down (as the previous game) but also in third person. I personally like the latter, but have used both and had fun in both.The ship building mechanics and UI could use some work, but for a newly released game made of a team of 2 (!!!) this is just great gameplay, and a great game.If you like these things:Action RPGsMount & Blade4x gamesThen you will probably like this game."
76561198025619544,Recommended,252470,23396706,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ChickenPrincess,An awesome successor to the first SPAZ with most elements completely overhauled. The small development team are committed to creating the best game possible and engaging with the discussion board. The game is currently in Early Access but even in it's current state it is worth every cent of the asking price.
,Recommended,252470,23476207,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,OptimusS,It is really strange at first but once You got the hang of it You will love this game.I can think of only one thing that I don't like about the game:Why do dev gone trought all the trouble to make and optimize such amazing 3D engine and allowed You to only fly horizontaly ?
76561198050224753,Recommended,252470,23564280,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,survivorguide,"A great time sink, the game is both fun and challenging with only minor annoying things with it. I loved how much customization you could do with your ship and I found myself really getting into expanding my faction. I'm sure there are a ton of features and things you can do that I haven't discovered yet, but as of this review I have finished a run of the campaign. It isn't as huge a game as the first one, however that is understandable as it is in early access. I would definitly recommend picking up this title and supporting the creators."
76561198110730892,Recommended,252470,23555200,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,General Burk,"I enjoy most games, that allow me to pilot/command ships both past and future. This one has me hooked, heres why1. Custom design of your ship and weapons2. Battles are different every time (due to all the weapons configs available to you and the AI)3. Beautiful detail to the galaxy and coloration of planets/stars/etc.4. Its space... With Pirates, and Zombies! what can go wrong?!Since it is still early access, there is still alot of work to be done, that being said its well worth the time and $$$.The only issue i have (which they said they plan to fix) is the voice work. Right now the voices are all digital, but hopefully soon they can replace it with actual voice acting. Wonder if they need volunteers...Strongly suggest this game!"
76561197992680773,Recommended,252470,23536937,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Mechapinata,"Great work!It's quite different from SPAZ 1, in a very good way. The mothership customisation is brilliant, and the new graphics are lovely.Thanks"
,Recommended,252470,23088649,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,CNN FAKE NEWS! SAD!,"I'm not ready to do a full review, and I'm not sure how appropriate a full review would be given the game is in fact just entering early access.Personally, I'm incredibly skeptical of early access in general. My library has more than a few in it, and *most* of those have turned out disappointing. There is a huge disparity between different games when it comes to what early access means. Some games give you a half functional tech demo, some give you a highly polished experience that just needs some QA testing.This game falls into the latter category. Right now, today, this game is good. If this was the final version, I would be happy with what I bought.Some notes:This is NOT a direct sequel to SPAZ 1 with upgraded bells and whistles, there are significant design changes revolving around combat and the 'overworld'Whether a change is good or not comes down to personal preference, but for the most part the changes were well executed.The overworld is dynamic and interesting, but initially seems a bit 1 dimensional. I personally find the more you play the less this is the case as conflicts become more apparent."
76561198276975981,Recommended,252470,23089162,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,BubblePrime,"A great fun game, I really enjoy playing this. Please be aware that while SPAZ2 is a great game in and of itself it is not SPAZ1 with 3d graphics. The core game is still there, the feel of the SPAZ world is still there.Combat is different (not better/worse just different).The galatic map has had a big make over and now combines the galaxy wide and solar system maps by way of zooming in and out.Resource management is handled on the Galatic Map which removes some of the grinding that the original game had.The time to learn was a bit more than SPAZ1, but I recomend playing arena missions with a rented ship early in the game to avoid damaging your own ship while you learn. Please note the Devs are actively working to address this issue with some urgency.The Support from the Dev's and the community has been outstanding. Remeber this game is still only early access but is by far the most mature early access game I have played. It's a great game now, I can only imagine how good it will be by the time EA finishes."
76561198006269309,Recommended,252470,23491101,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,coean1984,"Certainly is a worthy Sequel to SPAZ 1, thouroughly enjoyed the game and how the gameplay is. 10.53/10, Recommend it and hope contiues to grow well throughout its time in early access and certainly has been worth the wait."
,Recommended,252470,23197646,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Cyril Figgis,"(Purchased on Early Access for $17.99)I loved SPAZ 1,  I had 521 hours in.Many of us SPAZ 1 players were justifiably disappointed with the change from isometric to 2.5D in SPAZ 2.  However, after playing the new interface for awhile I can live with it.I would recommend this game to anyone, as long as they understand that this is an entirely different game than SPAZ 1, closer to X-2."
76561198006758332,Recommended,252470,23494705,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,gudbrandur,"I do not very much like SPAZ 2. But I could.I miss the old hull system, but thats a bygone era and its time for something new.If I dislike anythign about the new game, its the lack of interesting parts. Why are there no ""turns"", ""t bones"" or ""4-way"" parts that reward creative building with powerful results? The ship building is less a feature and more a chore (especially with the primitive assembly mode). This game could use a tonne more ship parts, if only just shapes. There could be corner parts with 270 degree firing arcs, t-turns with 360 degree arcs, and the 4 way parts 360 too, these parts could simply reward the ship design by being worth as much ""space"" as another larger part with the same amount of connections perhaps? Such as a 3 way t-bone that would have a drone module or 2 snipers, despite only being as small as a single square.Furthermore, I miss the way Loosign a battle in SPAZ 1 was not game over. A lost battle with each of your ships gone in SPAZ 1 didnt end the game, but changed the pace. You went from crazy combat to mining for a while, scavenging other peoples scrap, untill you were right back at your old power. Loosing now takes a lot more time to recover from.I miss directional weapons, I would love to see some parts with guns facing only forward or to the sides. Allowing you to make ships that fire broadsides and stuff like that.Finally, this is already being worked on. Attaining the parts you want is just too time consuming as well as difficult due to random factors, the game really needs some way for the player to ""research"" or produce the exact parts he wants."
76561197995304552,Recommended,252470,23516614,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Szap,"German Translation below / Deutsche Übersetzung untenThis Game is already quite good at the Moment (Alpha 0.2.4).  The potential what this game could become in the early access process is extremely groundbreaking fantastic. Why is that so?The Core of the Game is there: The design is already superb, no gamebreaking bugs, no crashes (as have been in other early access titles), its just fun and motivating to play.Then there are the developers of that game who are present in the Forums (clearly reading ~90% of all posts) and stating which features are in development.And then there are patches: almost every 3 or so days there is a bug fix or even a larger update. Issues that are found are posted in the Forums und fixed in days.The Community seems constructive enough so it could really happen: this could become the perfect Game in its Genre (or near so).And that seems to be the recipe for really good Early Access Titles: solid core, active developers, frequent patches and a good Community.So what are the points that should be improved?Strike Craft have to be improved to be more of a swarmy meatshield: Add different classes of strike crafts and add different ""slots"" for bringing them into battle (just like the old SPAZ1 ship classes and hangar bays) add small shields to them. and let them flee from station and ship explosion (constantly loosing strike craft when the battle is won...)Technology should be sorted into a tech tree: Damage Technology is too strong and should be projectile, laser and missile damage (perhaps increased amounts then) Some end game weapons should be locked (Sniper cannons, Mass drivers, bombs and ion beams)Fighter Hangars should be on 2 slot modules (but rebalanced to be weaker) so they are available earlier in the game. Bomb Fighters could be on 3 Slot Modules.As almost everyone else stated: Change core modules so that ONLY the amount of connections to other core modules are bringing any stats. So an ""End"" core module would have only 1 Connection and a Core Module inside the ship with 3 other Modules around it would bring tripple the stats. Then rebalance the stats. A 15 Core long line ship should be able to fire exactly 1 or 2 Salvos bevor the cap runs out.Idea: Intruduce special powerful corner modules (Those could be placed around the ship so no right or left corner) This would also intruduce more diverse ship designs.Corner modules could be inverse (require 2 slots in an inverse corner, slightly more powerful than 1 slot module) The outer corner modules should be as powerful as 3 slot modules.Improve border raids: At the moment i dont see what they do other to be a farmspot for every Pilot in proximity. Increase their strength: Add a small generic Mothership. (and improve Strike Crafts in general as seen above) Make them useful so they reduce the Station level by one when successful.Idea: Add Patrols to Stations (perhaps in place of Border Raids so either patrol of Border Raid) The Patrols would ""guard the Resources in the Area. Any non Faction Pilot trying to steal from the resources would be attacked first.Diplomacy: Add ""Go Away or i will fight you"" option. (against ransacking pilots) Also Add ""Go Away or i will put a Bounty on your head"" option.Scavange: When scavanging anything there should be the option to block the Pile while scavanging to other pilots if the scavange was mine. Other Pilots could attack me then (which would leave the Pile unguarded while fighting)Map: Add ""blocked"" zones into the map (there is a neutrino star there) so you could either go through them and loose Goons and damage your Ships (Strike Craft also) or go around them.Add more Capital Transports for a priceDieses Spiel ist jetzt schon (Alpha 0.2.4) recht gut. Was aus diesem Spiel in diesem ""Early Access"" Prozess werden könnte sprengt die Vorstellungskraft. Warum?Der Kern des Spiels ist schon vorhanden:  Es gibt keine Crashes, keine Bugs wie in anderen Early Access Titeln, man kann es einfach flüssig spielen und Spaß dabei haben.Die Entwickler sind in den Foren Präsent und lesen ca 90% aller Beiträge und kommentieren auch was genau sie für das Spiel planen.Updates kommen regelmäßig, Bugfixes normalerweise innerhalb von Tagen, Größere Feature Patches innerhalb von Wochen.Die Community ist anscheinend konstruktiv genug um das Spiel gemeinsam mit dem Entwicklern nach vorne bringen zu wollen.Und das scheint das Rezept für ein richtig gutes Early Access Spiel zu sein: Solider Kern, aktive Entwickler, Regelmäßige Updates und eine gute Community.Die einzelnen Vorschläge werde ich nicht übersetzen, da sie primär für die Entwickler gedacht sind."
,Recommended,252470,23526219,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,soma,"As much as I want to love this game, it fails in many ways on what got me hooked to SPAZ1(playtime: 80h+). The problem with SPAZ1 isn't the ""grind"", it never was and those who call it grind are wrong. But the devs seem to have taken the ""no grindy game"" too seriously and more or less removed all ""grindy"" parts of the game that lots of us used to love(like farming comets<3). The devs are phonemal though and listens to feedback, but I feel they took a wrong turn here for SPAZ2 and removed too much.The real problem with SPAZ2 is the new map, it works great but the implementation makes everything dull after a while, it plays kinda lika CIV-game but it feels so out of context with no world map, in spaz1 I bonded with my ships and the world of SPAZ. In CIV games a world map makes it more familiar to connect to but here i'm just watching a marker moving across the map that I feel absolutely no connection to. It gets boring after a while.I want to be able to FLY IN SPACE, warp between sectors, set up roadblocks, run across ambient events, etc. This can't be done with the new map.Still a very solid game and I recommend it, but for the excellent space-naval ship vs ship combat and purdy purdy sci-fantasy graphics."
14159265358979323,Recommended,252470,23976034,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Potentiality12,"tl;dr:I recommendSpace Pirates and Zombies 2!YES, this is coming to Mac and Linux after iterations of features have been added and the bugs fixed and multiplayer code introduced!YES, SPAZ2 is dramatically different from (and yet still similar in many ways to) the game I reviewed initially!YES, SPAZ2 is still being developed by just two (2) very talented and creative coders! Throw them some Geld and get yourself a copy of the game to play and contribute ideas toward! Do it! You'll be happy to see your direct influence in the game if you're lucky!Wanna know what's most recent?  Look here:SPAZ2 CHANGELOGSPAZ 2is an OH-SO-DELICIOUS game! I recommend it; it's well worth its asking price!Unlike many EARLY ACCESS games,SPAZ 2is a fully-playable diamond-in-the-rough with its CONTINUING polishing process currently well-underway. That's the best reason for Early Access after all, isn't it? To enable Steam's larger community to testa fully-working game, utilize the community's input for suggestion+implementation of features and actively take agood/greatgame and make itgreat/even better/the best thing since sliced spleens?WHAT I THOUGHT BEFORE PLAYINGSPAZ 2:I loved the original Space Pirates and Zombies (and Bounty Hunters!) game, but the first couple ofSPAZ 2gameplay videos left me uneasy. I thought,Oh no! What have they done!? That looks strange and not very fun when compared to its predecessor.Fortunately, however, I was mistaken and my worries were unwarranted.The devs had made a great first game and they are in the process of delivering on their second game also! It's not the same game, however, which brings me to...WHAT I THINK NOW:SPAZ 2 retains most of the qualities that made SPAZ fun and introduces a lot of mechanics, different and yet still very humorous. What I thought might turn out to be an odd-looking mess of gameplay is actually very intuitively-controlled, easy-to-understand, and enjoyable! It begs you to come back and play again and again, without actually doing so when you try to quit like some games do. The many hours I've playedSPAZ 2have been very actively-spent. Despite that, I'm still on my first campaign/story-mode character/ship!(Er, I was still on my first when I wrote the initial review. Many things have changed since then and many bugs have been fixed, many features introduced, and many more are on the way!)Did I mention that with every update so far I've noticed NEW EYE CANDY, whether it's on the galactic map or on the ships and their components? Whew! It's like a new game each time!(the remainder is entirely from my first review unless noted otherwise:)I've been actively exploring the game, killing bandits for fun and profit and to garner approval from the local NPCs, bribing those disgruntled captains who have seemed to want to attack me a lot (enough to make alliances with their factions, even), finding members of my own faction who are good starbase leaders rather than abandoning their starbase and running off and trying to battle everyone else instead, allowing the ""danger rating"" of their starbase to decrease.(Yes! If I assign you, NPC-who-shall-not-be-named, to manage a starbase and you do a poor job by abandoning your base and allowing it to be overrun by others, I will assign another, less-aggressive or otherwise better-qualified NPC in your stead! Maybe your skills will be better utilized if I assign you as my wingman?)(OKAY... BIG EDIT HERE: Multiplayer is planned, but not until bugs have been sorted and features added to make it a superior game. The two developers probably want to make a blockbuster game that will tide them over until their next endeavor, right? I have no idea whether that's their plan, but I know without a doubt that they have the desire and ability to make an upper-tier game that is both entertaining and enormously fun!)BACK TO THE INITIAL REVIEW for items that still apply and NEW content where the old stuff is DEPRECATED:I've noticed some complaints that this game focuses on multiplayer (?). I didn't even know that multiplayer was an option, and I still think it's single-player only for the time being. SPAZ 2 is in early access, after all. Right now [in my initial review] I'm enjoying the features the devs are adding with each update and appreciating the fact that they waited until this game was fully playable before putting it into early access! The process reminds me a lot of SPAZ, which was great fun before the Bounty Hunters were added later, a free add-on which provided even more depth and fun! Not that the two games are the same, with this one taking place years after the events which occurred SPAZ 1 and incorporating different (but still familiar) mechanics.Sometimes I've been murdered by a relentless NPC captain who hates me for some reason, have reloaded my last save, replayed the battle, and it has unfolded completely differently. The same can be said for some of the practice levels offered at each starbase (but those involve simulated in-game ships and no actual in-game death).__A LAST THOUGHT: Steam's generous return policy makes this an easy purchase... even if you aren't sure about it yet, end up returning it, or leave it in your account until the features you desire have been added."
76561198098119528,Recommended,252470,24550356,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BoneCrusher036,"I devoured this game, this game was my b*tch until 4 in the morning for a week straight. so do i recommend this game? heck yeah!"
76561197984920833,Recommended,252470,34679133,Posted: 2 September,all,Tenebrion,"30+ hours exclusively in Spaz2 VR on the Vive so far. 100+ Vive games in library, and this one is my favorite.I wish there was a little more depth to the 4x strategy element, but great game otherwise."
,Recommended,252470,23108704,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,koshrf,I miss some of the features from the old SPAZ but this one is just as fun and looks even better.
76561197971591328,Recommended,252470,23107578,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Izalith,"If you liked the original SPAZ, odds are good you'll like this one too. If you love hunting for ship parts and customization, you'll have a blast. I easily spent half my game time just trying different ship combinations to see what works best. Definitely grindy, but so was the first SPAZ.The combat is more compelling than the original as well. Controlling a single ship definitely feels better, especially since in the first game it could get very expensive to have the AI pilot bigger ships.It has problems that I don't want to gloss over, however.- The captain relations mechanics are a bit too simplistic for my tastes. People don't like you if you break or steal their stuff. People like it when you save them or give them money. If they don't like you enough, they attack on sight. It doesn't really get more complicated than that. Perhaps my biggest disappointment.- The ship building, while good overall, allows some weird behavior like allowing engines to unload their exhaust directly into another part without consequence. Weapons on the left side can shoot across to the right when you're turning, which feels too forgiving. Circle an enemy, and your broadsides on both sides can fire at it. Takes a lot of the typical strategy in broadside combat out.- Some features that were promised don't seem to be in here. The ""stealth past the zombies"" system doesn't exist at all. Infections in structures are all or nothing, so you can't cleanse a station without destroying it entirely. The captain AI, while functionable, delegates captain behavior to very simple patrols.- The story is pretty simplisitic, in fact more so than the original (far from a novel as well)When it's all said and done, I do recommend this game. A lot of bang for your buck. Great to support small studios too!"
,Recommended,252470,32354476,Posted: 11 June,all,The Law,It's Mount and Blade: Warband in SPAAAAAAAAAAAACE with a pretty steep learning curve. Loads of fun
,Not Recommended,252470,23091357,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Canniballistic,"SPAZ 2 is a $20 agar.ioIn a sentence SPAZ 2 is boring and not worth the price.For reference I really enjoyed the original SPAZ and I have tried to keep tabs on the development of SPAZ 2 as well as I was really looking forward to it.The game does play exactly like agar.io. You have a whole bunch of ships(""captains"")flying around a rather small area and you each have ""threat"" values that pretty much determine if you will win an encounter. You increase your threat mostly by killing other captains to gain experience which unlocks more modules for your ship.There is more to the game but not much.The economy works through stealing from resource nodes(which can't be locked or defended when you own them)and then trading those resources for ship modules at stations(1 station per 52 sectors devided between 7 factions). You also lose resources as you move depending on the speed at which you move and its not forgiving at higher threat levels.For combat, when a captain attacks another captain or a station a fight is initiated and for a period of time other captains can join the fight up to 4 captains. Fights never have more than 4 captains which generally makes every battle you, your wingman(who you pick from the captains in your faaction), your target and either another enemy or an ally depending on whos territory the fight is taking place in generallyThe combat itself is entertaining enough though the game is in need of ballancing. Theres a rock paper sizors system to weapon damage(effectiveness against shields, armour and health)and some other tricks and gimmiks such as ramming and flinging objects at your enemies which is fun but its a bit limited as your tractor beam is only able to move small objects at a decent speed and your weapons do not fire while you use the beam.There are plenty of weapons available though all seem to just be from SPAZ 1 which is dissapointing.The UI definitly needs work in places; for instance if you want to bribe multiple captains from factionXyou will need to open the faction menu -> click through the factions untill you get to the right one -> scroll the list of captains -> click the captains name -> click the bribe button -> select what you want to bribe with -> hit the confirmation button then repeat the entire process again for another captain.One of my pet peeves is the active turn system where time only moves when you are performing an action. You cant scroll the map while you move, you cant opt. to stay still and let time continue to save fuel while you assess the map. The only time the camera is not locked on you while you move is if you are viewing a capatain in which case the half of the screen not taken up by the captain menu is zoomed in on the captain.Hopefully the game will improve through EA but alot of what I find issue with seems like core parts of the game that are unlikely to change. I hope at least enough extra features are added to offset this but I doubt it."
76561198036152738,Not Recommended,252470,29474007,Posted: 24 January,all,Mr Hubbell [UDA],"I wanted to like this game.  I LOVED SPAZ, and was hoping SPAZ2 would be the same type of game just better, and it unfortunately is not.  It is an entirely different game set in the same universe, sort of like Dungeon Siege 3 compared to Dungeon Siege 2 and 1.  The shipbuilding is fun at first, the actual combat is mildly fun at first but quickly falls on its face in terms of entertainment.I honestly do not recommend this game to people who were fans of SPAZ1 and it's gameplay."
76561198050858977,Not Recommended,252470,23092516,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,fabulousfreep,"Incredibly disapointing sequel. I know it's early access, but this isn't something thats likely to change.Took everything from the first game that was enjoyable and removed it. Just insanely frustrated that they couldn't make a sequal based off the first game they had to mess with the mechanics that were the reason we wanted a sequal in the first place.Completly pointless to play since nothing you do matters.  Everything that dies instantly repops with the same or better gear, leveling is pointless since everythings level is based off yours. Kill a guy near his base watch him repop fly out and attack you again before you can even loot his body.You had 1 job and you messed it up."
76561197994019633,Not Recommended,252470,23350373,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Wolowizard (Fr),"Like some other people, I was a fan of SPAZ 1 and yet and really don't like this one. I can't help it, I tried but no : this one is completely different and I find it totally boring.The combats are slow and repetitive, even boring. Playing the all game is just boring to me.That's a big disappointement because I was so much looking for it. But they changed the recipe so much it has nothing to do with the first one. You keep flying with a useless ship doing uninteresting things in this game....I am sad.I got refunded."
,Recommended,252470,31474916,Posted: 30 April,all,shicken684,"This game could be great but the controls for battles are just god awful.  It's so damn hard to do what you want to do.Edit:  So if you bought the game right after launch you may need to change some settings which the developer Blorf commented on my post with.  I didn't realize they changed the default orientation.  It makes the game a lot more playable, and no longer causes me to go into a bit of rage during a battle."
76561197972668285,Recommended,252470,25745173,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MistaKill,"Yeah, it's cool.2D space shooter in a 3D engine.Gunning is fun and the rpg mechanics keep you playing.Plenty of charm in the script (even if it is a chore sometimes).It's in a very playable state, but not sure how deep the rabbit hole goes.The first one is well worth a look too."
,Recommended,252470,25812939,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CanadianKeystone [no glasses],"While missing obvious content, I'd still consider the game complete. Amazing space battles, great economy, fun weapons, interesting characters, tons of options! SPACE BATTLES.The story mode leaves much to be desired, is quite short, and the difficulty ramps up to an uncomfortable and unfun level. In fact, I'll never complete the storymode simply because of the design of the ending... basically screws people over. I read the developer says it's supposed to be a challenge... well it is. Made me angry enough for hours that I almost want to downvote this game into oblivion.Anyways, there's also sandbox mode so you don't need to deal with that B.S. play to your hearts content, your style."
76561198030514745,Recommended,252470,30077052,Posted: 21 February,all,DariosOrvas,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWThis game is a nice arcade style space shooter on a 2D Battlefield that looks like it's 3D. It has modular spaceships with component level damage (parts can fall off your ship as you fight) there is nice variety in the weapons I wish there were some better end-game lasers but maybe the developers will balance that a bit more.You can have strike craft, which are like small helper ships that you can change the weapons of and scale with your levels, and there is sort of like an in world economy that you have to help build up to get access to good parts. The relations aspect between you and captains, and somewhat your faction, is a nice touch to make the game world feel a little more alive... the AI Captains that you help will actually come and help you or try to hurt you based on the relations system.The Campaign is pretty well done at this point and is, in my opinion, like a big tutorial - however it doesn't bore you to death and instead just slowly introduces you to the concepts of the game while you play.Overall it's a nice little gem that's easy to get into but still provides some level of specialization and room for tactics to keep the hardcore players interested. I do hope either the weapon balance gets worked on a little or some new weapons are added because in the mid to late game there are a few weapons that are just better than all the others at the moment. I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in this style of shooter. Watch some ""Let's Play"" footage on youtube to see if it's your type of game."
,Recommended,252470,30103733,Posted: 22 February,all,Asmodheus-Ashvalley,"Another good game from MinMax games. Wasn't exactly what I expected it to be, but it was a very pleasant surprise to find out it's different in a great way. Can't wait to see how this turns out after EA."
,Recommended,252470,25039787,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,construidor,THE HULL HAS BEEN BREACHED AND THE SCIENCE IS LEAKING OUT!!!!!
,Recommended,252470,25361646,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dwarf,"I really enjoyed this game it was alot of fun, but the story was pretty short like really short I finished it within 10 hours of playing.10/10 would save the galaxy again."
76561198029533529,Recommended,252470,26000530,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,edshea4,"Fun and has replayability. I find myself trying so many different combinations. Still havent found the best one!Its fun as heck. Just as a tip to keep you alive through a majority of the game, keep a few miniguns on your ship when you unlock the double slot attachments. This is done for the soul purpose of getting rid of fighters/bombers or rockets that could kill you. In my final build, I had 2 of single slots, left and right wing placed in the middle of my ship. Best purchase ever."
76561197968768470,Recommended,252470,35226698,Posted: 26 September,all,Silverwing,Mount & Blade: Warband.....  In space ! ! !I think if've said enough.. :)
76561197999146612,Recommended,252470,25072682,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,=PB=,"become a stupidly rich and powerful person who controls half the galaxy, roll over the zombies in about 5 minutes, delete all the other factions and take every sector in the galaxy, finally get that 6-star mass driver you've been wanting all game."
,Recommended,252470,25051228,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Daniee,"Start game, can't stop until it's finished.Really liked the original, this is different to the original, but it's still great."
76561198003890143,Recommended,252470,23776627,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,chrismillsuga,"Great game, very different from the original.  Well worth the cost of admission.  They will surely add features and content over time also, great devs."
,Recommended,252470,25349648,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Deplorable Hooch,"Better than the first game, didn't think that was possible, and now in full 3-D!!!"
,Recommended,252470,25823379,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LordQuorad,"This game is fantastic. Controlling the galaxy and building starbases while fighting off zombies and space pirates has been just the thing I didn't know I needed in my life.The developers for this game are top tier. They are very active and put forth so much effort into making a game they can be proud of. They're so dedicated to their fanbase and their craft that I can easily see this game being a huge success and they'd deserve it. Also, it's a great game."
76561198010869040,Recommended,252470,25860505,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ctboi01,"One of the best space games that I have purchased! Lots of love has been put into making this awesome game. The only drawback is the game seems to crash quite often later in the game, which makes it frustrating to play. Wish the devs could work on that; however the game visuals and mechanics are top notch and the background nebula, double dwarf stars and general star system views are amazing. Good work, Devs!!!As a side note: I actually got this game before the first version. Looking forward to playing that too!*this game prompted me to make my very first review ever after having ~ 500 games. It's that good."
76561198022963315,Recommended,252470,35091980,Posted: 20 September,all,Soberlife420,"I looooove this game, i just feel like i've played the majority of it and wish there were more mechanics to this game, hopefully future possible dlc will come out for this because i feel like the universe and gameplay can be expanded upon by alot, good job devs!"
76561198007662698,Recommended,252470,35218980,Posted: 26 September,all,Bloodstar,"Overall, a pretty good game.  Graphics, combat, sound all good.  The game is very stable.I found after 45 hours played and having completed the campaign and played some sandbox setups that the game is a bit grindy and repetitive on the big 200 system universe. Playing a smaller game could relieve this somewhate.Playing as a single mothership feels a bit limited when fighting a 2 front war. Either, having a stargate or hyp jump capability to jump across the map quickly would help, OR being able to fly a few extra motherships, eg, get a second at level 35, a third at 70, and be able to jump between them at will - but level up once, not for all.  I felt the need to place a mothership on one side of my empire to get to quickly when that side came under attack. Attacking is quite good by setting goals for faction members, but it's difficult to defend.Having said all that, I've had a ton of fun with this game. I got it on special on Steam and don't regret buying it.Worth a try if you like space games."
,Recommended,252470,35266991,Posted: 28 September,all,AlienHuntinYeti,"tl:dr While flawed, still worth the asking price, especially if you have VR.As someone who has played halfway through the first SPAZ, I'd say that this game is both an improvement to it's predecessor while not making the original obsolete.The story is the same generic cookie cutter plot as the original. And I mean, like, exactly the same. And yet, for some reason I found the characters to be more charming this time around. I'm not sure why, exactly, since they're pretty much the same as ever (maybe I'm used to them and associate them with memories like game mascots?). Don't expect the plot to suck you in, but with that said, I actually enjoy it more this time around than in SPAZ 1, and when references to the original pop up, it actually kind of makes me want to go back and play it for the generic plot (which I never expected). Findable lore (think codex entries) is also implemented. The dialogue for the characters is amusing and well written, and the voice acting is suprisingly good (the voice acting probably made me chuckle at a few lines I would have otherwise dismissed).The overall presentation is where I feel this game shines (again, judging the VR version). I never would have expected a game like this to transfer over to VR so well. I got this to try out the VR expecting a cobbled together turd, but the maps and menus look and work great (seriously, one of my favorite, if not favorite GUIs in VR so far) and the gameplay transitions over perfectly. The ONLY problem with the VR version is the lack of keyboard typing (start a new game out of VR to name your profile), and I cannot stress how impressive it was to go from SPAZ 1 straight to SPAZ 2 in VR. The change to 3D looks nice too, and overall it just feels more professional than the original.Gameplay... I have mixed feelings about. Actual combat never really felt like there was very much skill or strategy involved in SPAZ, and with the transition to 3D I'd say the problem is more apparent. Ships move slower now, making it harder to effectively dodge ordinance. Because of this, battles mostly feel like ""whoever has the biggest ship wins"". Sure, you can get creative with your ship building and make strategies like dedicating certain sides of your ship to different functions or something (one side has missile defense, one side is good for removing shields, etc.), but you don't really have many options in an actual fight. Negatives aside, battles are still fun, just not nearly as engaging as they could be. It's still satisfying building up your fleet.The biggest change aside from the 2D to 3D transition is the star map. I've seen complaints, but personally I'd say it's a step in the right direction. It gives the game a more open world feel, and makes the universe feel more active.All in all, I like this game. I wish there were more ""build up a fleet and shoot s**t"" games like this. That said, if there is a sequel I PRAY that the combat is more fast paced. Something like Star Control 2 - The Ur-Quan Masters (a.k.a. one of the greatest f**king games ever, a.k.a. if you never heard of it GO DOWNLOAD IT NOW and erase a weekend from your schedule). If this game ever gets combat as engaging as that (which I would describe as Asteroids, if Asteroids was one of the greatest f**king games ever), then it would instantly shoot up to my top 10 list."
,Recommended,252470,35332543,Posted: 30 September,all,Fuel?,"It is, honestly, SPAZ - the sequel. And it's good.The developers did a brilliant job capturing the charm of the original SPAZ, sprucing it up with lovely graphics, soundwork and adding a few new mechanics that very much feel in place.The Good:- The graphics. A lot of work was put into them, the ships really look their part and watching your own grow from a ramshackle contraption built from scavenged junk grow into a fearsome battleship built from cherry-picked parts is just pure joy.Fans of the original will likely get a blast from seeing familiar strikecraft return - Short Bus and Hammerhead included, along with background graphics that we've seen in the first game. Zoom into a territory segment and spot an old warp gate, a floating sign or a broken up starbase.- The ship building mechanic. Assembling your ship with a big tractor beam feels cool and I will admit that I cackled like a maniac when I finally got my hands on a Mass Driver. The Synergy mechanic is a cherry on top, adding an additional level of challenge in building a ship.- The Atmosphere. The 'verse gets its fair share of Dog-eat-dog attitude, and the mechanics back that up. The humour is very much back as well.- Combat. Slicing hostile ships into bits, watching parts fly off into the distance is very entertaining. For a taste of min-maxed, gimmicky ships there is also the Arena - each station offers simulated battles where you can test various heavily specialized ships for fun and profit.- Quite fun 4x-lite element. Building up a bit of an empire, hiring captains to work for you - it's actually quite good, fairly polished.- The Story Mode. Much like the original SPAZ, it introduces certain mechanics as you progress through the game. It's also delightful to see the cast of the original game return, now with voice! If you ever wondered what Carl sounds like, well, you will hear him quite a lot.The Bad:- Oversaturation. As the game progresses, ships get more and more armed - and there are more and more effects on screen, sometimes making it difficult to determine what is going on - making some battles confusing.- Repetitive combat in the late game. Once you have your dream set-up for a ship, many battles can be just curbstomps.- A rather steep learning curve. Those who have played the original SPAZ will know the strengths and weaknesses of each weapon type, but newcomers to the series will need to pay attention to what they loot or purchase. Much like in the first game, it's very easy to gimp yourself in the early game with an inappropriate weapon setup.The Your Mileage May Vary:- The levelling system. I personally liked the progression tree of the original, and while I do see why it was replaced, the current system feels slightly lackluster.- Simplified resource gathering. The game has shifted, heavily, towards combat between captains and the 4x element, and I personally feel it lost a bit of its ""pirate"" part. Where the original SPAZ had a very hands-on approach to acquiring Goons or Data - such as, in the case of Goons, raiding a spacelane traffic jam, or space-motel. For Data, the original's equivalent of XP - you could go after a Comet, or... donate Goons as guinea pigs at a research station. To top it off, who can forget sitting next to a mining station and stealing their Rez as they mine?The sequel replaced those with nodes you can harvest or pillage, and occasionally - Bandit hives and Mining Ops that harbor a certain amount of resources. However, barring bandit hives - which are a typical combat encounter with the rather weak, especially in the late game, bandit faction, and the mining ops which work in a manner similar to the original ones - those are used explicitly from the world map view.Overall, SPAZ 2 is a title, in my opinion, definitely worth its price - and doubly so if you liked the original and want to see more of Elsa, Carl and Jamison - despite their best efforts at just staying alive and getting rich - ruining everything. Again."
76561198027674237,Recommended,252470,25341680,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Subrak,"Really a great successor to SPAZ!Although it's still early days, I'm thoroughly enjoying my second playthrough - looking forward to seeing what is added next. Absolutely love the skullduggery and the laughs.Yes, the game does have a few bugs. If you die too much early on, you're royally screwed. For me, after level 25, even on expert, I was trolololing my way through the battlefields - that said, there's a neat quality item system that lets you pack a punch even at lower levels - great development all round.That said, since the voices are all just synthesized right now, I'd love to see a bit of ego from the clockwork crew if they manage to (Spoiler Alert) Conquer the galaxy before engaging Zombie Alpha, and maybe a bit of a more difficult end-fight in such a situation. Even if not, I'm loving the game. Keep it up guys n girls! :)"
76561198029975882,Recommended,252470,25360494,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Version 1.0,"At the time of this writing, the game is still in early access and being polished. The first thing to understand is that while it shares an in game narrative with the original, it is in truth a different sort of game and is best viewed as a spiritual successor.I would describe it as a highly addictive and fun space shooter with 2D lego block like ship construction where you are grinding out resources, reputation with other pilots, and ship parts to become good enough to beat the zombie hordes at the end. It fails to become tedious as the battles are quick and the resource gathering a click of a button. The narrative dialogue is fun. This isn't a heavy or dramatic game but it can soak up a lot of your time.All the basics of play are present aside from multiplayer deathmatchs. The fine details are still being worked on such as weapon balance and challenge scale. There are many ways to earn XP such as fighting other space captains and pirates to level but you will find arenas with differing premade ships dominate your time spent toward skill progression. You can join game factions for access to better ship parts and prices or create your own faction that will grow from the ranks of other pilots you impress.It isn't the deepest strategy game but it doesn't need to be settling for fun and light making it perfect for an in between heavy games time waster that you will probably actually play more than the heavy, dramatic, games anyway. It's very much worth your dollar right now if you are willing to deal with roughness around the edges while the polish is applied.It is one of the few early access games to actually be worth it."
,Recommended,252470,25766855,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vindred,"Tee-El Dee Arr, Adun: Space Pirates and Zombies 2 stands extremely tall among fellow competitors in the $20 weight class.  It isn't even a competition.  More like an extermination, really.SPAZ 2 is several things at once, from two different perspectives.In the third-person ship view, it plays like a naval combat game on a space backdrop.  You ship turns left and right, but the Z-axis is sacrificed for the sake of those of us with typically planet-bound lifeform brains better suited to navigating flat plains.  Don't worry, though--you'll have plenty of stuff to think about.The ships are built out of modular pieces and those pieces can be destroyed and peeled off of a ship like layes of an onion in combat, so positioning matters.  Each ""sub core"" piece lends a certain amount of hull health, armor and shields to the ship as a whole.  Cores ""synergize"" with one another, boosting those stats and also boosting any attached external pieces (including the damage of the weapons born by those pieces), by increasing amounts depending on how many of their four sides are touching another sub-core.  Because  of this, you can have an effect on the ship's strengths just by changing the layout of the ship.  Thinking of new ways to fit the various pieces together to design your own ship is a big part of the game.   In fact, in order to upgrade your ship, you are going to constantly be finding new pieces and swapping out the old ones.  In addition, as you level, you are continually able to add more sub-cores, gradually increasing the size (and power) of your ship.The game's OTHER perspective is a decidedly more tactical creature.  The game's map view is less like a map and more like a thoughtful strategy game.   This is where all of the slower, more strategic decisions come into play.  Time only advances on the map view when you move or take another action, so you can think a lot about what you're going to do and how you're going to do it.The map view is where you'll choose one of the game's five factions, which waffle back and forth between peace and war with one another.  You will also build and manage your starbase in this view, as well as interact with other captains, manage your inventory, trade and basically do all of the non-combat parts of the game.The game has two modes, Campaign and Sandbox.The Campaign mode follows an entertaining B-Movie Sci-fi Comedy Horror theme.  The main characters currently have voice synth lines which can become tedious, but you can turn this off.  However, it is not so grating that I have turned it off yet, primarily because the voice synth actually fits the ship's computer because of the comical disconnect between the very machine-like way of speaking, and the computer's warped personality.  The dialogue is well-written, lighthearted and funny.  The campaign isn't particularly difficult, allowing you to save before fights, and come back better-equipped or carrying specific gear to give you an edge against a particular challenge.  You can of course be harder on yourself, but the game in general gives you every opportunity to think a quest step through before you complete it.The Sandbox mode is basically the same as the Campaign, but without the story element, inviting you to just explore and experiment without being directed about to do tasks by the characters.Overall, I give this game a 4.5/5.0 in its class, and that is only because it currently lacks cooperative play.  And that's only temporary.  If this review isn't updated after that happens, just consider it a solid 5.0.My hands feel like two balloons!"
,Recommended,252470,25821562,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dabajabaza,"First you think it's pretty simple, then the next moment you're stuck deciding the best layout and equipment for your ship. Also, super addictive.Request to devs: allow us to keep current voiceover, we don't need no human actors. Or make it an option is settings.10/10"
76561197970056459,Recommended,252470,28227203,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cilice11,"Excellent game. I enjoy the modular system that the game uses for the ships, the witty banter from the crew, and the base building and war elements. I recommend the game to my friends all the time."
76561198014844195,Recommended,252470,29347179,Posted: 18 January,all,Iyasu,"This game has everything you would want to see in an early access game with excellent core content available now to play and a dev. team which is amazingly interactive and posting updates to the community.  I have no doubt about this game achieving full release and the potential for post launch content is definitly there.  If you enjoy strategy and simulation games and are a fan of sci-fi themes even in early access this game is worth a look, would have easily paid more then current price for this game as it is now."
76561197996005397,Recommended,252470,24685026,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Crazyphilll,"What a fantastic game!!build your ship, upgrade your ship, conquer territories. Gather ressources.BATTLE!Once I bought the game, I could not stop playing till I finished it."
76561197993595261,Recommended,252470,24977415,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kishar21,"I love this game, just as much fun as the first one. Can't wait to see what the finished product will be."
76561198010247783,Recommended,252470,25818202,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Captain Morgan,"This is a great game.  It brings aspects of the first game and takes it to the next level.  Customizing most aspects of your ship loadout is pretty fun.  The story line works out well in going from being the underdog to being humanity's last hope against an oppressive enemy does very well.This game is still in pre release and I generally shy away from pre release games (thanks cubeword, thanks starbound).  However the developers have a reputation from their first game where they continued to work on the game even after release and continually made the game more engaging and interesting.  I would recommend this game even as is and its continued growth is only going to be a bonus"
,Recommended,252470,26115045,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,~ IFJ,"I adore this studio, SPAZ 1 made me get into open space games!However in SPAZ2 I can really tell many things have changed, better? yes.It feels like an really solid new game, with exciting progression and easy flow.I recommend it because it's a game that's fun, easy, and friendly enough not to really confuse you.If you are new to space games, this game is the one, it's not very complex game like some of the ones out there.I would have put more time into it, but I am waiting for the full game to come out, to enjoy the full content/updates.If you haven't played SPAZ1 you should consider playing it! so much fun and will give you a sight of what happend in SPAZ2."
,Recommended,252470,24977394,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AlmaShade,"It's got space, pirates, and zombies.It's also got two dedicated developers who update the game every month or so, they've recently overhauled the Bandit system, making it far more interesting than it was before. So if you're hesistant about it being early access, don't be, this is one of the most stable EA games I've ever played."
76561198011744926,Recommended,252470,24290492,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Captain Mlargh,-Good game.-Very complete for early access.-Very open campaign.
,Recommended,252470,24730062,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,iyskreem,"Already in a perfectly workable state and getting mechanically better with every update, SPAZ2 has the potential to stick around for years. If you've ever enjoyed third-person boat-control combat, it doesn't get better than this."
76561198052989091,Recommended,252470,24873611,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,whitekess,"Cool, this is what i wanted to see!I seen pirats are weak and then developers fix this next patch, good.9/10 nice!"
,Recommended,252470,24978007,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,"Poptart_Cat ""Yogi""",good game bad review system
,Recommended,252470,25379708,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Catroast,"Thank you, MINMAX! You continue to do great things. Almost all of the space games on Steam are steaming piles, but SPAZ is quality!"
,Recommended,252470,25774376,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zagz,"At this point in time, the game is really warping towards success. For fans of the first installement, SPAZ2 is a great step up. It is essentially the same gameplay with a little more of depth and eye candy. Now, I do miss a couple of features such as fully customizing your little fleet of fighters and specializing your skills. The leveling system is straight forward and offers a lot of less flexibility. On the other hand, your mothership is now the core of the gameplay. There's surprisingly a lot to work with and finding the right balance is actually quite a challenge.A bit like the first one, this is actually quite a challenging game. I think I died like 10 times during my first 30 minutes. Even after figuring out the intricates of the battles and getting a decent setup, I still found myself dying quite often. I know that in this day and age, instant gratification and easy mode is the norm but I have to applaud the challenging aspect of the game."
,Recommended,252470,25774678,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BlackRambo,"Downloaded, installed and played for 7 1/2 hours straight. Love this game, love these devs. The first game was pretty fun too you guys should check that out"
,Recommended,252470,25986709,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,The War-Nung,"I loved SPAZ 1, but I nearly didn't pick this up because they moved it to 3D. I'm super glad I did. This game is way better than the first. Combat is quick - most battles take less than 5 minutes - but it feels very tactical and drawn-out.I especially love that the loot you get from battles are modules you can use to build and upgrade your mothership. It's the most insanely rewarding feedback loop ever. You'll have to make a choice early on between building your ship for aesthetics or practicality, but by the endgame you'll be able to browse the game's catalogue for the best ship parts and have them delivered to you. I'm also a big fan of how quickly they progress you through the game. My first playthrough took about 20 hours, but the near constant upgrades and level-ups kept me feeling like I was always making progress.The game could use a lot of polish in the UI and ship-building sections, but it's still in early access so there's time for fixes. Overall it's a lot of fun once you break through the learning curve and earn enough scrap to start thinking creatively with how you build your ship."
76561198094212984,Recommended,252470,30633594,Posted: 20 March,all,☯ Jex ^_^,"A really fun and exiting game even in early acces, im interested in what is coming in the next update ^_^"
76561197989786670,Recommended,252470,30928617,Posted: 3 April,all,Fried_Chickens,"One of the best indie teams on steam that truely cares about the players experience. If you enjoy Mount and Blade : Warband style of game then this is for you. great graphics, sound , and replayability. could use a bit more polish as far as tactics and strategy go, but a good open world space combat simulator all the same."
76561197966720005,Recommended,252470,23194863,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Alesch,"Space! Pirates! Zombies! Numerals!While some people seem to be upset that SPaZ 2 isn't the same game as SPaZ 1, I am not one of them. I enjoyed SPaZ 1, but this new game is a lot of fun in its own right. A good shorthand to highlight the difference between the two games is that the original SPaZ played a lot like the old Star Control games, while SPaZ 2 feels much more like Mount and Blade in space.My experience with the game is almost entirely in the Sandbox mode, but that sandbox has been a lot of fun to play around in. The ship customization is surprisingly robust. At a glance it seems incredibly simplistic: just snap blocks together and build your LEGO-style spaceship. After building and rebuilding your ship a few times you will definitely start considering just how to arrange your core blocks to get just one more engine, or just one more gun.SPaZ 2 is not a hardcore space simulator. It's space is 2.5D, like Rogue Galaxy or Starship Gemini. It's colourful, doesn't take itself very seriously; and like Mount and Blade it is a game that you can play for 10 minutes to fight a single battle, or sink hours at a time into your grand campaign to unite the star captains of the galaxy against the zombie menace.I do not regret buying this in the slightest."
76561198020834409,Recommended,252470,25727645,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,>{GHS}< Bob,"I bought this game the moment it was out due to I really enjoyed SPAZ 1. This game didn't disappoint me at all, but don't go into this game expecting the exact experience as SPAZ 1. It is different and familiar at the same time the way you can customize your ship is a very nice feature since in the original you could swap out some parts not build an entire ship. Though this game is in Early Access still it has alot to do and I can't wait to see how much they add to this game making it that much better."
76561198004379535,Recommended,252470,23196822,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nelgoth,Picked this up on the first day it was released and have been playing every spare minute I have had. Very fun space shooter / resource strategy / ship design game. The UI and game mechanics are very well thought out and the game's quipy humor is almost worth the price of admission by itself. I am looking forward to being a part of this game's development and can't wait to see it grow into the finished product.
,Recommended,252470,23989504,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Detocroix,"Very very very good game. It's interesting that the mechanics have changed so much from Spaz1, but at core this game is still Space Pirates and Zombies we've come to love. Humor, customization, and general craziness is all there, but just with a different kind of game built around it.I highly recommend it!"
76561198039753192,Recommended,252470,25777765,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AnAngryYeti,"I gotta tell you I had fun with this. It's so much fun to play. Just finished the campaign at 21 hours in. Getting geared up to try the Sandbox mode. It's fun to make a ship that just looks so weird and yet destroys everyting in its path.Likes: Ships, pirates, zombies, space, guns.....lots of guns. A good dash of humor and the ability to name my crew ""Serenity"".Even without the voice acting, I made voices for everyone and it was awesome! Characters are amazing. It brings me back to when developers added their own slice of heaven right into the game, especially with the humorI liked the building, fighting becomes a breeze once you narrow down how you want to use your ship, trading system is simplistic and easy to use, not over crowded with non-essential items you always have to keep track of.Dislikes: Oh man if this had a bit of multiplayer mixed in this could be one heck of a ride. I see the option grayed out in the menu so it looks like there could be that on the way.I wish you could move a bit faster on the nav map.I was hoping for some bigger battles. I can see where that can strain many computer FPS counters but hey, most people have mad decent gaming PCs.Being a hoarder I tended to always grab everything. Come to find out you can carry too much. So I was over weight and I had gobs of loot and nobody had enough money to buy my stuff.Ideas: I think there should me a mixer mechanic / gambling where you throw in a ton of junk and then maybe get something good. Like in Borderlands you could mix guns and then get wicked cool effects and upgrades. This idea spawned from everyone not having money and couldn't buy my loot, and the fact that I wanted some upgrades.In conclusion, this game is going into my favorites category. It's reserved for games I really love and will always have a special place for in my memories. For how cheap the game is I got my money's worth and then some."
,Recommended,252470,25738676,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,pepemustard,"About 9 hours in, and I love this game. SPAZ was a pretty good game. New concept, executed pretty well, not horribly overpriced like other titles. Fairly priced, and enjoyable.  The big difference between that game and this one, is this one puts more emphasis on the mothership, if not all emphasis on it. Because you can control it in battle.Given how you have free reign to place your core pieces, you can develop some pretty weird looking ships, that somehow can devastate the enemy with the proper loadout. Also, learn to run/bribe when you can't win. You can't win them all. Especially once you pick a side.All that being said, the developers have said it's in alpha. Really, IMO, it should be in beta. I have yet to encouter any crashes or game killing bugs. I have missed both eating, and mowing the lawn, in favo(u)r of playing this game.So far, it's still a bit sandbox-ish, it still needs that layer of polish to make it truly satisfying. Considering the price, and the state of the game's development, you can't go wrong. I'm seeing the same patterns between these devs, and the devs of the Endless series (Space/Dungeon/Legend). In that they put forth a solid effort at the start, continue to listen to the community, and don't skip out on their goals due to timeline constraints.Buy this game. It's this old thing called.... FUN!Edit: I forgot to mention. When all else fails, just ram 'em!"
76561198154447689,Recommended,252470,25840915,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,BlackSunset,"I blasted through this game with 38 hours played. I played the campaign and the sandbox mode both of which were great. You start out as a pathetic ship fitted with junk parts and slowly become the dominating force of the galaxy. In the beginning you might get harassed by other captains demanding all your hard earned $$$ because you're a pathetic whelp...end game you take on badass pilots 3v1 and never take a scratch, selling off their territory to other factions for reputation and more (no more spoilers!)pros-simple game with great dept-story is superb!-beautiful design-humor-lots of ship customizability-active dev team and forumscons-early access doesn't have voice actors yet and the computerized voices get annoying.(this is changing though)-combat takes little skill beyond how to outfit your ship-controls/gameplay confusing to learn(look up the hotkeys and use right-mouse button for ship building)-graphic intensive(low settings look spectacular though)"
,Recommended,252470,24186881,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,sǝʇsʎɯ,"This game has a huge potential and I am definitely astonished on the amount of work that was poured into this game by a team composed of just two people. I highly recommend this game who is looking to have some raw humor, some space action, fresh to the table space world mechanics, and bloody zombie gore. To add to that, this game is still on early access and more great things are to come which is undeniably magnificent.To give you a rough idea on how great this game is, so far this is the only game that was able to push me to keep on playing until 4 AM. No other game had me that good so far that I even recall telling myself at least 3 times to sleep already from 2 AM until I was able to pull myself off because I had work waiting for me early in the morning. Good grief, Great game!"
76561198141704428,Recommended,252470,25215674,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,THE BRITISH BULLDOG,this game is amazing
,Recommended,252470,25374229,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[RUST]Grumplestiltskin,"Absolutely in love. The first hour or two I wasn't sure, as I loved the first game, wasn't sure about the new combat style, but I'm totally hooked now. Have already beaten the campaign (played through the night), and am doing a 2nd play-through now to start really learning the nuance of the systems.Easily my fav. capital ship combat of all time. Perfect blend of arcade slug-fest, positioning + energy transfer play, and global resource management.It's still a W.I.P., but the systems in place are incredible, and the 'living' galaxy is a blast. Feels so cool to just be a fish in the sea."
,Recommended,252470,23175444,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Plush Gremlin,"I liked quickly getting into battles and back out.Very fast load times.Strategic layer is the stuff of genius.The ship building has room to evolve. More tradeoffs.What does deploy hanger do. Why?Add a little more sticky to the tractor beam.Love throwing rocks. That was a bit of genuis.The live economy is cool.There is a dead zone around level 8 where u can't kill anyone and making money is tough. Once you are over the hump no prob.Add more guidance to captains of faction. Maybe focus attack or avoid zombies. Or stick together.Good work guys!To people wanting to buy, it is a fun experience. There is true creativity here lacking in most modern games which are derivatives of previous games."
76561198005623089,Recommended,252470,23196365,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nagarak,"This game is just great, and it's going to get better !This is only a pre release and already I have spent countless hours on it.Passed the first surprise of the change of playstyle between the 2 and the original SPAZ, you discover a whole new game !SPAZ was a wonderful game, great scenario, great idéeas, powerful characters and unique gameplay.SPAZ 2 has the same advantages ! A whole new story, a great gameplay and more...The devs are listening to all the ideas of the community and are planning to include the best of them in the game... What else can we ask for ?"
,Recommended,252470,24075632,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Peregrine,"It's like a mini-4x experience, wrapped up in exciting real-time shooty shooty. Tons of customization, emergent gameplay, and bright, colourful graphics with lots of explosions. What's not to love about this game?"
,Recommended,252470,23208436,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SniperJB☠本,"so Space Pirates and Zombies 2if you liked spaz 1 then you should love this one. Its the same but diffrent and in a very good way.Loved it and i can not fault the game and for a early access the best early access game i have ever play! No bugs for me at all and i have now conpleted the story, for a early access for me that was amazing 10/10 would rememend to anyone who play spaz1 as for newcomers buy spaz1 first then get this"
,Recommended,252470,24092201,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[STG] Razorin Faust,"Spaz 2 is named after it's predecessor for the following : Lore , Cast and Humor.Spaz 2 does not render Spaz 1 obsolete, these two game are different....But god damn these two games are awesomes !In only 3 days I clocked 21.0hrs, And I haven't finished the story, because I am having so much fun.And that's only for the Alpha version !The combat is fun, I love carefully picking my target apart, the management is quite easy and automatics even if there is no direct control over your starbase.The only thing that's a bit frustrating right now is the infection, wich feel a bit too hard to contain and fight against at the moment.It's only because, a lot of the human AI lacks self preservation and will run headlong into the infection, grossing the rank of the zombies.But that's minor nitpick. Minmax as proven themselve to be reliable and hard worker. SPAZ 2 will continue to be updated and improved just like SPAZ 1 was.At the moment, the game is more than enjoyable, I have encountered no crash nor bug, there alot of content.SPAZ 2 is far above the  thousand of ""Early Access Game"" present on Steam.Overall :10/10 Will cleanse the Galaxy Again.(Also, the synthesized voices are awesome and both fit the mood and universe)"
,Recommended,252470,24309205,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tanelorn,"Its July 13 2016 and it's early access. I have 16 hours in and I won the campaign. The best part of this game is the living economy / conflict. Everything is happening at once and you are just a part of it. At the late game you can make your own faction, own and give starbases to friends. I find the game very fun, and I am a SPAZ 1 vet. There's a lot more to do of course. My suggestion is to buy the game, it's not that expensive, and support the devs. They are active in the forums and want to make SPAZ 2 a fantastic game. It's currently worth it and it will be better week by week."
,Recommended,252470,23186600,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,tyr,"As a big fan of SPAZ1, I was very excited for the second one. Bought it minutes after it was released and was a bit surprised by the fact that it is a pretty different game.After the initial stage of trying to figure out what the hell was happening (which took me a couple hours), it is actually a very enjoyable game, much more than just a simple sequel.I completed the story after about 20 hours, and I intend to play it again. I haven't even touched the sandbox mode yet!Recommended."
76561198041777853,Recommended,252470,28558926,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rhanx,Amazing game !!!Devs that listen and talk to the community.EA done right.
,Recommended,252470,23074187,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sophismata,"It takes a little while to get into, but the gameplay (both combat and starmap) is fun and has a great depth. It's an entirely different creature to SPAZ1, though — be warned. They share similar themes but the gameplay has changed dramatically."
76561198011815014,Recommended,252470,23204964,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,stodiaN,I own SPAZ 1 and spend over 100 hours playing it. While SPAZ 2 plays diffrent then the first one i dont really see it as a negative. I got used to battles in 3d really fast and moving over galaxy map (pretty much like mount and blade with instanced battles) is also fine by me. Overall i would say its worth money developers are asking for it and considering there is just 2 of them they really did amazing work getting it to state it is now. They also care about this game and realse hotfixes really fast and promise futher improvments. Honestly if you liked SPAZ 1 i see no reason to♥♥♥♥♥♥on developers becouse they changed gameplay in a sequel. It is still a great game on its own.
76561197960542560,Recommended,252470,23651247,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SpYn-LiLi,9/10Great game .... one day eventually....But my Ship needs to reload its core for ~30seconds every ~30 seconds (*perceived*) is the most stupid game mechanic of 2016!
,Recommended,252470,23176329,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shamojin,"Different than the first one in terms of how you build ships and battle, it is none the less a good space sim.One downside is due to the way parts attach, you end up with a strange looking ship if you want to maximize it's power."
,Recommended,252470,23186853,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WannabeJamesMay,"Mount and Blade in space. Active developers. As a pro and con, it leaves you wanting more. More parts, more custom building options.0.6.1 Update: Quite a few features added making ship construction even better. Some more things to do in the game and updates to things like bandits, making them far more interesting. For this price this is definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,252470,23073486,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Risotis,"TLDR: This game is a bit of a mixed bag. There are things I like, and things I don't like. I have enjoyed my overall experience thus far, and can safely recommend this game.SPAZ. Probably my favorite top-down, space based, humorous, strategic, infuriating game. Certainly not without its problems, but this isn't a review for SPAZ. This is about SPAZ 2.If you're expecting another SPAZ, but with more content, you're going to be disappointed. SPAZ 2 is more of an evolution than a sequel. Some things they do better than the first, some not so much. The single player is feature complete as far as I'm aware, and the EA period is for bugfixing, and adding an arena-style multiplayer. So yes, the game is absolutely playable as it stands, and I've encountered minimal bugs in my play time. The devs have been very quick to patch what bugs have been reported.Pros:+Living galaxy. In SPAZ each sector was its own ecosystem, and nothing you did outside of that sector made a difference in that one. In SPAZ 2, almost every action you make will have some effect on the galaxy, big or small.+Modular ships. This part is not all sunshine and roses though, we'll touch on that later.+Choice between the 3rd person camera added to the game, or the traditional top-down SPAZ camera.+Multiple factions to play with or fight against, and player factions.Cons:-Editing your mothership. This is by far my biggest complaint about the game. To remove or replace a core block, you must remove any other block that is touching it. This means if you find an upgrade to the middle part of your ship, you have to tear half of your ship apart one part at a time, replace the part, and put it all back together. MinMax has somewhat alleviated this by automatically swapping a part you purchase with a similar part you are selling. So if you select your old core in the shop, and the new one and click buy, it will automatically equip the new one in that slot. You can not do this however on parts you find out in the open.-Slow ship movement and control. Your mothership is big. Cool. No matter how you build it though, it will always turn like a brick, and move like one.-No strategic overview. While you can use the top-down view from the first game, you do not have the same control over your strike craft. Simply ""Focus this target"", ""Go to this location"" and ""follow me"". You can not divide your ships and drones (if you have them), since they follow the same commands.Pro/cons:+-Gone are the days of mining asteroids for rez. You simply go to a resource node, and click collect now. They are not random, and regenerate at the same rate over time. I personally enjoyed mining for rez, but this is very convenient.+-Feels like Mount&Blade in space. The developers have said that M&B is one of their inspirations for the game, so if you like that, you'll probably like this game.+-Currently all the story-based voices are spoken by a TTS program. MinMax has said they will hire voice actors to voice everything, but for now that is not so. Chatter between units is currently voiced.Don't go into this game expecting SPAZ 1.5. I've had a blast playing SPAZ 2. I hope they make it easier to edit your Mothership, but that's not a dealbreaker for me."
,Recommended,252470,23081168,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,UnexplainedGravy,"Amazing gameplay. Super fun ship building, over the top camera controls OR 3rd person view. So many customization options. It's an incredible game. 10/10"
,Recommended,252470,23708856,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,YukiAkano,"So i wanted to make an Update to my old review, while the recommendation stays the same, there is a lot of more Content now, so let's go over it.Spaz 2 is a rather special Indie Game. You take over controll ofa Mothership which you can customize with different parts.A huge variety of weapons are already in the game. From massive torpedos to PewPewLazors. You even can build a massive Carrier.Depending on how you modify your ship it can be a slow fortress or a fast hunter and it really is well made. I catch myself often just thinking about a new shipbuild.There are RPG elements in this game as well. If you level up, you can choose a perk. These change from more Command points, to more health, more shieldstrength, more weapondamage. Pretty much all the stats can be improves thorugh level ups.Command points and Hangars offer you the possibility to bring along Strikcrafts. Not simply little ships that a carrier could transport. Actually really strong combat ships that you can modify as well. You can change the weaponloadouts for each. It is not as indepth as the system with your mothership but it offers enough variety to be really usefull ingame and another thing you will think about fairly often.The Galaxy is one single map split into different sectors if you reach a certain level you can start building starbases. You creat pretty much your own faction to compete with everyone else. There is the possibility of inviting NPC's to your faction and even go into an alliance with other factions.The starbase building is rather simple. Each sectore offers one slot to build a starbase, if there is already an existing one you have to destroy it which will lead to a negative rating, and probably war, with the faction that owned the previous starbase. I hope there will be a indepth basebuilding mechanic but i don't follow the roadmap so i am not sure about it.The Campaign is nice as a ""tutorial"" sorta, but that's about it. While the humor is nice and enjoyable, the story is nothing really special. But i don't feel it hurts the game. The Sandbox mode is far more enjoyable anyway.I can't wait for multiplayer, this will benefit the game greatly.The Game is currently in early access, which i really dislike. Don't get me wrong, i do dislike early access because of some developer abuse the system and steam lacks quality control.SPAZ 2 does not feel like an early access game to me. The Content is big and enjoyable. You can tell the devs do love the game and put in a lot of work and effort.If there is one thing i could call bad, it would be the missing information in the game and outside of the game.I started a sandboy a couple of hours ago and they added new weapons. I haven't even used all of the old ones yet so there was a lot to discover. But since you can use a search function to find different parts you need for your ship, you find yourself in a situation i didn't really enjoy. Do i really wanna spent 10k on that weapon without knowing how it acts? You do have a little description on them, but a optional option to watch a little video on how the weapon acts would help a lot :3As you can see i rally have to digg deep for a complaint. Overall the game is great and really enjoyable. If you are looking for a casual RTS / ARPG combination, you will love this game."
,Recommended,252470,23088298,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Toast The Sniper,"Definitely a great game that falls in the spaz universe and lore. This is not a direct sequel so you wont be getting SPAZ 1.5. However ive played through the entire game and the flavor of playing a spaz game is still there. The characters still hit the nail on the head as well as the setting.Some people come off with the impression that all the ships look like garbage. Yes they do, because of the state the galaxy is in lorewise. Everyone is scavenging parts they can because there is not anymore unlimited amounts of rez like in the time period of the first game. I personally also enjoy ramming ships and seeing parts get torn off when i hit them. I once sheared off 5 wing parts in one charge and i recorded it and watched it again as it felt so epic.Some also dislike the relative ship controls(they actually are relative to the camera) which make your ship turn to try to go forward in whatever direction youre holding. If you do not like it then there is an option to turn that off and use controls relative to the ship instead.(similar to spaz 1)Some people complain about getting ganked by other captains so they have to give up cargo to survive, of course youre going to get harassed if youre a low level lone wolf, its a savage galaxy and they have no qualms about harassing a little guy. I solved it by joining a faction and fighting instead of surrendering. You will most likely get a battle partner from your faction to help out.Definitely recommend this game but beware some people think the early game of the campaign is slow. They just dont know how exploit those around them appropriately, you can definitely get up and running quickly."
76561198014690201,Recommended,252470,25310424,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,danchr4,"From the two man team that gave us the wonderful Spaz 1 we get its vastly bigger and imho better brother/sister game Spaz 2. It's been a long time since i've enjoyed a game as much as i have this one. I cant tell u how much fun i've had just in the customisable sandbox game alone,tweaking the many game options if u want a more challenging or simplier game slide the bar and its done. I think the developers have done a wonderful job so far,it looks fantastic in the ship battles and the game has the right feel to it. Look forward to future updates andfinal release."
,Recommended,252470,23411693,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ember,"This game is extremely fun! There are many different ways to play since you can design your ship part by part. The inter-faction diplomacy could use a bit of work and there are still quite a few unfinished things, but hey, it is early acess. This game is already like 95% finished and even if all the developers decided to do was clean up the unfinished parts and release it, this would be a solid $20 game purchase. However the developers are actively listening to feedback and still working, so this game is truly worth every cent."
76561198075026269,Recommended,252470,23074491,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dune0z,Yes. I like this game. I think you will too. <3
,Recommended,252470,23317019,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Indoorsman,I've tried (fairly successfully) to stay away from Early Access titles over the past year but decided to break my self-imposed embargo and buy SPAZ2... and I'm glad I did.
76561197970963511,Recommended,252470,23373629,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Count von Count,"This is a good game, with the potential to be a great game. It is a bit of a departure in gameplay (you really only control the mothership directly, though you can jump in the cockpit of one of your fighters and let the AI fly the metal mother) from the first game, this isn't neccessarily a bad thing unless you were really hoping for a SPAZ1 clone with more ships / bosses / etc. Personally, I enjoyed the first game, and am enjoying this one as well."
76561197968536059,Recommended,252470,23077652,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Nunki McNunkan,"It feels like yesterday, when I bought SPAZ 1 in a sale for a buck or two :-)Boy did I not see that 2 week bender comin ^^SPAZ 2 on the other hand, was on my mind since they announced it. I saw it change shape, and although I told myself to stay calm and not give in, I bought it 5 min after release -.-It is a whole different animal compared to SPAZ 1. And I understand that many hoped for the same thing in 2.5D.I knew it wasn´t. So I do not regret it.It is an awesome game, that allows combat on a whole different level.The best you could hope for in SPAZ 1 was kiting them into barrels to blow them up.Dude! You now can f*****g throw them at your enemies ^^So a quick feedback for everyone interested :positive- 2.5D- fluid universe, with NPC remembering what you did- so many choices in weapons, with almost all usefull- Faction interaction that makes sense- resource management (if you are into that)- nice graphics, running smooth so far- own faction with space station management- build your ship with your parts, how you want- which allows for great tactical range in combatnegative- no fleet management (kinda miss building all my ships)- flickering screen (great fx, but annoying / devs are aware and announced button)- story is restrictive (of course you can play sandbox instead)- the way it is set up, captains can be turned to zombies. Can´t kill them, can´t cure them. As far as I know.means after a while, the air is getting thin -.-- don´t like the faction grind. My personal thing I presume, but one thing ppl are capable, is uniting against acommon foe. Instead I have to appease them with gifts and tales of valor -.-So would I recomand it?Of course! Being able to throw like whatever you find at your enemies, in addition to a sh**load of weapons?Big gunz, big evil zombie dude and big explosions. Now if they include pink unicorns shooting rainbows from their behinds, we got a hollywood script for a blockbuster :-)"
,Recommended,252470,23412327,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,X6ftbelow,"ok, This game is absolutely amazing. my 31 hours is from multiple games played and PLENTY of ships built.  I did not play SPAZ 1 and this is not a comparison review.The over the top map style, then combat ""encounter"" is akin to mount and blade (which i have over 1500 hours that steam recoreded. more after)The modules can be a PAIN at times but quick ways around rebuilding a ship is to trade the part you are replacing with the new one in the same transaction. the game will swap pieces out without you having to dismantle your ship. (youll know what I mean when you play)I read reviews saying there is no diference with weapons you use. this is FALSE. I was only able to succeed in endgame by utilizing specific weapon combos. There is veriety and more is coming according to devs.There is MUCH more hours that i can put into this game, but work and real life is demanding ATM. I will log plenty more when i have time because this game is absolutely worth it.I bought SPAZ 2 at 14.99 -10% for into price. With that being said, i would easily pay 24.99 in early access. More so once more content is added ( and CPU's have SOME respect for your salvage and property)Would buy again and would but DLC if it wasnt free!!!"
76561198138618468,Recommended,252470,25276284,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Vonnoobenstein,"Awesome game, If you like to be able to create a ship and place weapons on it any way you like you should buy this game.The travel system is top down like in the screenshot on the store page and the combat is kinda like ship combat style (meaning portsides and broadsides) i really like this combat style.Also the other captains in space remeber the actions you done against them, if you harrass and anoy a captain alot then he will put bounties more often on your head and he might even attack you on sight when he sees you.I would definintly recommend it for the price they offer it."
,Recommended,252470,25854879,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Hoshtog Swog,"> Playing the game, doing pretty well.> Getting pretty cocky.> Get into a fight with a zombie guy 30 threat levels higher than me.> AlrightLet'sDoThis.leroyJenkins> Disbatched the strike crafts using my ion missles and SRMs> Managed to lure out and take out his lackies one by one> 1v1, just you and me now.> Cycling him for 30 minutes> Missles flying towards him> I'm dodging all of his bullets> DodginAndWevingLikeAPro.gif> I manage to take down his shields after another 10 minutes of strafing> I celebrate a bit, my plan working> Lost sight of my front> My ship face plants an asteroid, stops dead> A zombie ball hits my ship> My shields deplete in one second.> YouGottaBeFrikkinKiddingMe.jpg> My hull fades rapidly> My ship dies> I sit there staring for a bit> I can believe these explosions> My ship breaks apart> I swear I can hear that zombie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ laughing> I let out a short sound of frustration> Rage quit10/10 will rage again"
76561197994953767,Not Recommended,252470,23052787,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Aisu Kitsune,"So the SPAZ2 i waited for years is here. But sadly its not that game i expectet. Maybe i only misread the dev-blog's, in that and the talk about the new game, i had understand it to be near the first one but improved with more features that would be fun.The sad in my view, they put in a handful of good features as in many games a few really bad features but now the really bad, they ripped old features out that the game lost its soul an appealing for me. :( I tried ~80Minutes to have fun with the game but only what i saw is the sadly void that remaind where the old good features had their places bevor they got thrown out.So the rest in short, i hope they fix it if its still possible. If not i'm happy to jump on their next titel if it's funny for me again but with SPAZ2 i have to take a refund now and hope for the future. q.q"
,Recommended,252470,23158838,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Insignus,"Summary: SPAZ 2 is an early access 3D space combat shooter with RTS elements from MinMax games. It has a strong open-world orientation, interesting combat and customization mechanics, good narrative support from quirky and entertaining original characters, and a responsive development team.Key innovations over the original SPAZ include player factions, competitive NPC captains, more customizable ships, a better resource mechanic, and 3D graphics. As of this review, it has been out for a week and a half.PROS- Open World Environment- Solid gameplay- Strong Early Access demonstration of key concepts and core mechanics- Unique and quirky main characters- Good Graphics, with strong explosion, beam, and particle effects.- Rewards Lateral thinking (You can win by tractor-throwing rocks and debris at people)- Customizable to individual play-styles- Narratively Original Zombies- Responsive DevelopersCONS- Not the 1 to 2 Sequel die-hard fans of SPAZ were expecting.- Currently lacks multiplayer support (Planned and apparently designed)- Some issues with game balance (Progress appears to be ongoing)- Temporary Voice Acting (Computer synthesized, yet oddly hilarious).Price: $19.99 USDRecommendation: If you like space combat games with an open world bent, are a fan of the original SPAZ, or just like saving the universe from zombies, I’d recommend you buy this game. At the very least, check out the gameplay videos on the store page.Long Review: Do you like shooting things in space? Do you like fighting hordes of zombies that were previously your friends and/or enemies? Do you like open-world adventures that let you design your own solutions to a problem? If you answered yes to any two of those questions, SPAZ 2 is a game you should try.So what is it? Space Pirates and Zombies 2 is a third-person space combat shooter from Minmax games, a small, two man indie dev studio that brought us the original SPAZ.  For those of you who haven’t played it, SPAZ was a top-down 2d shooter that saw the player zipping around the galaxy, building up their mothership in order to face down a zombie threat.SPAZ 2 is a totally new game, now in 3D, and using a new modular ship system that allows players to assemble (And re-assemble on the fly) their own custom mothership from a variety of parts. The part selection for Early Access is already pretty good, and given how this studio approached the original game, we can only expect additional weapons, parts, and zany components to be added over time.The core innovative change for SPAZ 2, and what provides the most depth in its gameplay, is its faction system. The game starts with 200 Non-player captains, people who have their own fleets, interests, goals, and personality traits. They’re also after the same resources that you are – meaning they are competing with you to power up and expand their arsenals. They level up, add components, and get in fights just like you do. They will also join factions, which compete with each other to expand their empires and control more of the game map.This is where you come in. Players can create their own factions, and rally (Or bribe) captains to their cause, enabling you to square off with other factions to control even more resources and territory. You can choose to either go for an all out war by beefing up your captains, or you can focus on building alliances and playing diplomatically, by paying other people to wreck up your opponents.The open-world nature of the game is what contributes the most to its fun factor – there are a couple of different ways to solve problems, which you can adapt to your playstyle. The mothership customization mechanic is one of the best examples of this. Each ship has a number of slots for core modules, determined by your character level. You then attach parts to those modules, each of which has a different type of weapon on it. Bigger modules mount bigger, better weapons, so as you get more cores, your ship gets more dangerous and unique. Having problems with a particular faction’s preference for heavy shields? Chop off a wing or a nose and add more beam weapons, ion bombs, or shield sapping missiles. Getting hassled by people welding on too much armor? Toss some cannons on there and start cutting components off the enemy, or melt their armor off with volumetric acid clouds!You heard me right. You can steal components from your enemies. If you notice a particular captain has that one module you’ve been after for a while, fight him, focus fire on it, and make it yours! Just remember that there are only 200 other people for you to interact with, and that they all know each other, and they’ll all remember what you did. Running around wrecking people up might make you the biggest, baddest ship on the block the fastest, but it’ll make it harder to build up your faction if you’re reckless. This is just one example of something I made:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=688282152I personally found this game to be pretty fun, but I do have to note the criticism that many fans of the original SPAZ have raised. In particular, you’ll note that some other reviews are often negative in this regard. It is true that SPAZ 2 is not a direct, carbon copy sequel of SPAZ.  I should note, however, that the original SPAZ, when first released, did not have many of the defining features it has now, features which many people felt made the game a truly unique and engaging experience. The Developers took the extra time to add those features, and listened to the community over a few years before SPAZ became what it is today.Finally, I also have say this is one of the most complete and least crash-prone Early Access games I’ve ever played, especially from such a small studio. The campaign mode is complete, and a majority of the promised features have been demonstrated. That said, the game did have a rocky start with some tuning and balance issues, but the Devs do appear to be responsive to concerns raised by the community.Overall, I’d give this game an 8.7/10, with a caveat that it is an Early Access game, and that there are very promising signs and clear opportunities for the game to expand and grow. I definitely recommend that you buy this game, or at least check out the demo videos on the store page.I hope you found this review helpful!"
76561197978774335,Recommended,252470,23159651,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Brisarge,"An extremely unique experience with a well crafted story that doesn't take itself too seriously but still generates plenty of immersion in a similar fashion to mount and blade.Comparing this game to the first SPAZ is not advised because although they follow the same story arc they're two entirely different styles of play.So far I'm about halfway through the story on this one and I am absolutely blown away by the new gameplay elements.This is a completely functional game regardless of the early access label, in 20 hours I've only had one crash and it was hardly an issue because of the well placed auto-saves and very fast loading times (Running on SSD). Spore probably crashes more than this early access title.Positives:+Fun as hell+Funny as hell+Made by two guys+Simple to learn but quite challenging+Very clever mechanics+Uncomparable to other games+Solid gameplay but could use some tweaking with balance.Negatives:-Controls and UI can feel a bit wonky due to the size and lack of info in some parts.-Not really a tutorial or a good guide on how the game works at the start. (Learning is part of the fun for me though)If the divison is worth 60 bucks then this could easily be worth 40 as an indie title when finished. I expect to put at least several hundred hours into this game."
76561197976602531,Recommended,252470,23102890,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Solocust,"A space based strategic action RPG, with a simulated dynamic galaxy.Let me start by saying I am loving the game so far, though I fully appreciate not everyone will feel the same way.  SPAZ 2 has so far received very mixed reviews, though if you take a look you will find the majority of those are criticisms comparing the game to SPAZ 1.I think that this is unfair as the game is not really a sequel, but rather a new vision from the developers.  If you are expecting the same style of gameplay as SPAZ 1 you may come away disappointed, however for anyone willing to try something new this is a game that I believe is considerably better.Warning - this is a lengthy review, please feel free to jump to the pros/cons and conclusion at the end!The star of the show is the dynamic galaxy, that revolves around the factions and the 200 AI captains that inhabit it.  These captains have the same abilities as the player, though all have there own personal goals and agenda.  They will join and leave factions, fight, trade, and become infected with the dreaded zombie virus.All captains have opinions of all other captains including yourself, and your interactions with them develop during the game.  You will likely join a faction yourself, and get pulled into one of the wars over territory, helping them to expand or even assisting them in establishing or upgrading star bases.  Later in the game you will have the ability to begin your own faction, allowing you to amass support in the struggle against the zombie infection.Ah yes, the zombies. Starting from one 'Zombie Alpha', their spread across the galaxy infecting captains gradually increases, until their exponential growth becomes a serious threat.  Captains that are infected will remain as zombies and re-spawn on death, so it is quite possible to get to the point where humanity is overwhelmed.  I think this threat provides a much needed fear to the zombies and a sense of urgency in the game (which I felt SPAZ 1 was lacking), though I do feel the difficulty of the game might be off-putting to new players. Of course, this is early access so there may be adjustments made here before release.A potential downfall to the game at present may be the combat system.  Unlike SPAZ 1 you typically control the mothership rather then smaller craft.  The option is there to control the small ships, but as the motherships are the focus of the fight the tendency is to control them personally.  Because a fight will only contain a maximum of four motherships, this can leave fights seeming slightly smaller then SPAZ 1 despite there technically being far more ships involved when you include the smaller craft.  The action (for me at least) tends to involve heading for the enemy and blasting all your weapons into them, however for those more strategic players there is the option to be more tactful and control weapon groups, combat styles and of course customize your mothership.The customization involves using modular components to build your ship, featuring engines, noses, and wings for speed, shields (I think?) and manoeuvrability respectively. Each component also has a weapon, which come in many varieties for different purposes ranging from shotguns to mini black-hole generators.  These are connected to core modules which form the centre of your ship, and you can increase the number of these as you level up.  This provides a lot of different ship options and numerous play-styles.All modules are obtained from star bases or from other ships, built by the different factions in the game. This means certain factions will specialise in certain items, and you may have to hunt around to find the best weapons.  The downside to the system is that ships will often end up looking blocky and messy as you piece on any modules you can find.  Additionally, the ship builder can be cumbersome to use and for example if you want to replace a core you have to remove the modules attached to it. Again this is something that will likely be improved during early access.Finally, I will just note that the visuals in SPAZ 2 are amazing, and it is truly incredible that the entire game has been put together by just two people over the span of several years.  Please note that voice acting is not currently implemented in the game and it uses synthetic voices.  This is due to be changed before full release and there is of course an option to disable them.Pros:- Highly engaging star map, with very dynamic gameplay that will vary on every play-through- The 200 captains are fun to interact with, and are where the game truly shines- Customizable ships and other strategic options makes numerous play-styles possible- Beautiful presentation, and humourful textCons:- Repetitive combat that can grow old- Despite the excellent tutorial, it is easy to miss points- Ship builder could use some improvementConclusion:SPAZ 2 is a highly ambitious game, and in particular the dynamic galaxy set-up provides large amounts of re-playability. It's system of an overworld map and battles with warring factions e.t.c. have been compared to Mount & Blade, or the excellent Space Rangers 2.  To anyone who likes those games, or is interested in trying something new, I strongly recommend giving this game a go!  At only $20, this is a no-brainer.  For anyone just looking for an improved SPAZ 1, I advise having a look at the many Lets Plays of the game and judging whether you would enjoy it based on thoseplaythroughs.My many thanks to the developers for their hard work making this game!!"
76561198009111839,Recommended,252470,23370007,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mister Unfriendly,"This is an Early Access Review, and subject to change upon release.I played the original SPAZ for even more hours than is currently logged by Steam, due to being offline for extended periods and playing across multiple platforms...which makes the actual number pretty scary. So, to me, this game has quite a bit to live up to. And did it ever. Below, please find a (mostly) unbiased view of the game:The comeback is absolutely fantastic. How I've missed my SPAZ, let me count the ways. The gameplay is very reminiscent of SPAZ of days past, while bringing several new elements to the table:+Choice of scalable 3rd person or top down views (They're both fun to use, and each has its use.)+200 different NPC captains with personal agendas.+NPCs remember your past transgressions, as well as kindnesses, and react accordingly in real time.+Fully fluid ship building. You are only limited by the available ""Cores"" in Campaign Mode.+Interactive Loot (You have to play it to understand....imagine a mace made of loot. (Or an asteroid, for that matter.)+On the fly ship repair (to a point), and destructible (and lootable/equippable on the fly) enemy ship components.While I love the game, there are a few things that bug me:-Repetitive battles sequences.-Lack of NPC depth. I don't feel attached to any of them.-Different factions don't feel different. They only have different names. They don't act differently, or have any kind of faction specific agendas.-Lack of Side Quests/Lore.-Only one real ""Boss Fight""While I enjoyed the story, I feel somehow shorted on the content of said story. Original SPAZ made us love off-color NPCs. I see the descendants of those NPCs, but I don't feel that they've been fleshed out properly, nor allowed us the personal ""quest"" interaction to make those NPCs a part of the gameplay, other than a witty one-liner here and there. I miss the story that gave us the NPCs. While this game is full of action, it does, sadly, lack in depth.Overall, I would certainly recommend this game to anyone looking for a space shooter, sarcastic humor, or someone that enjoys the game of ""Risk""."
76561197988504406,Recommended,252470,23374377,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Wobbler,"If you were into the original, this is definitely right up your alley.PRO:- Heavy graphics overhaul for the ship-to-ship battles- Greatly improved combat system; easily designate targets for strike craft; switch between different weapons or have them fire automatically; can manually target (or ram) individual ship systems to disable engines, weapons, etc.- Modular mothership construction allows for far more weapon combinations than any ship from SPAZ- Multiple factions, can put out bounties, can construct allied starbases- Resource harvesting is way less grindy compared to SPAZCON:- Outside of battles, everything takes place on a Geometry Wars-esque overworld map- The UI could use a lot of quality-of-life tweaks (e.g. stat icons aren't super intuitive, awkward overworld navigation through ship menus, difficult to differentiate identical-appearing ship components without more obvious stat view)- Modular ship construction is a total PITA since parts have to be tractor-beamed onto ship slots one by one, rather than something reasonable like choosing them from a list with at-a-glance information- The customizable squad of ships is totally gone!!! Although your meticulously constructed mothership is piloted into battle and can be manually controlled (like all ships), the smaller ships are now ""strike craft"" that function like expendable equipment. They cannot be customized and cannot be replaced if destroyed. It's balanced out by them being ubiquitously available in shops and as loot, but losing this mechanic was the most disappointing aspect of SPAZ 2 for me.Overall, I'd hesitantly recommend this for fans of SPAZ - just make sure you understand it has a much different feel from the first game. Personally, I hope the game gets rebalanced during early access to bring some of the best elements from SPAZ 1 back to their former glory."
76561197989845705,Recommended,252470,23313983,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ifrite,"Fantastic game at this time with loads of potential for the future.  With the dedication and community involvement shown by the developers, I know this will go alongside SPAZ1 in my favorits catigory."
,Recommended,252470,23095611,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kazimir Iskander,"12 hours of gameplay in, only 1 restart. Still haven't gone very far in the story due to a few nagging issues.The Good- Responsive controls- Deep mechanics- Always something going on- UPDATE: Amazing turnaround. Devs are actively fixing these things. This game is NOT dead in the water just because it hit EA.The Neutral- Same SPAZ humor/tone. I personally love it, but it's not for everyone.The Bad- Minmax dropped the ball on a few design elements which I'm hoping are an early access gripe and not a real one.- As it is currently, the Reputation system is arcane and misleading at best, and downright broken at worst. Characters that are friendly (50 personal rep, 20 faction rep) will gladly ignore the fact you just got double-teamed by a faction you both hate. At the same time, the game stresses that ""every captain remembers everything"", while not actually holding grudges or acting according to events.- Plenty of early access unpolished bits. No key prompts on the fail-gates leading to a trip to the input screen during a firefight. HORRIBLE conveyance on things like goon requirements and how progression of a starbase works.- Battlewagon mode is buggy as all hell. About 3 hours in I started ""Wagon-dancing"" by hitting the battlewagon key to have it issue orders to strike craft and missile systems, then immediately overriding it to manual-fire weapons according to their cooldowns. The reason I started doing this was primarily a sense of frustration with its targeting priorities. Lock onto a ship and the gun turrets totally ignore it in favor of a different ship that happens to be just outside of your firing angle, which is blows your cooldowns trying ineffectually to hit (I know WHY it does it: The thing I want to hit isn't quite in range, so it goes for something that WAS in range at the moment I locked on, but it's too slow to realize that the thing isn't even on that side of my ship anymore)The Ugly- Unclear choice of aesthetics. SPAZ2 is at its heart an exploration and growth game, so why does my ship look equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 12 hours in as it did when I was scrounging for junk? There is already a 0-5 star quality system for parts in place, use it to determine how ""closely"" a piece sticks to the ship or something. 0 star and junk parts? Float those suckers next to the ship like they are currently. 5 star? Break out a blend tool and stick that component ON the ship. It doesn't have to look amazing. It just has to look like I'm not using scrapyard material.- Certain voice assets are VERY out of place and/or disturbing. Random bandits will scream ""PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME TAKE MY MEDICINE NO PLEASE"", seemingly without provocation. Coming from games like Borderlands, disturbed bandit characters and their meatbicycles usually don't bother me in the least, but this is just...upsetting. Some of the lines here just feel raw and uncomfortable, not based on a particular headspace or characterization. Wearing my flesh as a suit? Works for me. Paint your ship with my blood? Great! Complaining that your hands look like balloons? Sure! It's like the airlock humor in SPAZ. Why add this other line that is nothing like the rest, is very emotionally voice-acted, and has no bearing whatsoever on the game or the bandits as characters?All-in-all, a beautiful and playable early access that FEELS like development was stalled to throw a ton of polish on it so it would catch people's eyes during early access. You can tell that there aren't any broken underlying systems here though...just unfinished ones. Early Access done right."
,Recommended,252470,23107268,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,P_oGo,"This game is really awesome!I have played the first game for over 30 hours and liked it a lot but I know for sure that this game will beat it. SPAZ 2 is erverything I hoped for. Its really fun and has great mechanics / gamplay features and a cool story. For me its more than an early access title because it feels so good and ""complete"". A cool thing is that there will be more features in the future and I am hyped about the multiplayer feature (hopefully coming soon).I highly recommand this game for everyone who loves space ships, awesome realtime battles, tons of cool weapons and extensions for there ship, a completly own build ship and an overall cool space pirates and zombies rpg!"
,Recommended,252470,25736830,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Rataphract,"A worthy, though quite different, sequel."
76561198052365533,Recommended,252470,23137794,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Odbarc,"What to expect;The campaign mode so far feels like a tutorial for the sandbox mode which is likely where most of us will be spending the majority of our hours. Compared to SPAZ 1, they've done away with the hundreds of star systems and mindless grind of unlocking all the gateways. Instead you have your overhead view of the galaxy where you fly to your destinations in real time with all the other 200 captains and raiders. You collect/steal resources from nodes from here. The best places to raid are other captains but this comes with greater risk and a history of behavior. The biggest problem with this is that some captains start with a much higher level and easily crush you if provoked.The real game play is the spacial combat. The typical shield/armor/hull composition returns with the typical laser/cannon/missile counters but feels very generic at the early levels. A neat new mechanic is that you can blow pieces off enemy ships and weaken them in real time but I find that by the time this starts to happen they're already sure to die. It looks cool too.What's particularly horrible is the random infestation chance where zombies invade your battles and become more threatening than you and your opponent could handle combined but there's plenty of hotfixes coming to deal with balance issues and bugs in the early access.You can even start your own colony and recruit other captains but it's terribly grindy and maybe even necessary later in the game. What the game is really missing are random missions popping up. The system works well to contain itself but could use some chaos to liven it up.The best and worst part of the game is the ship design. It's left entirely in your own hands to create your own mothership and equip it with the weapons you want to use. And every AI captain does this as well offering an array of unique ships to combat. The problem however lies in finding the pieces with the right weapons on them. Flying from base to base hoping they have what you want or need can be frustating when you constantly turn up nothing.The game definitely lacks some polish where many features that exist could easily have more meat on them but there's a lot of potential that shouldn't be too difficult to add later on.The worst part of this game has to be the current level-up system. It's nice that you can increase your overall ship size but you can pick one out of three randomly generated upgrades which can impare your intended play style. This is one feature I'd love to see reworked.There's also the missing mass of tiny jetisoned goons and rez to collect in battles."
,Recommended,252470,23042903,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hells,I love this game so very very much. Still Early Access and I cant complain yet. Hope to see this game threw to the end
,Recommended,252470,25611387,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Stry8993,"As a huge fan of SPAZ1, I really could not hold back my excitement for SPAZ2. I constantly checked in, and then even still check into the Steam Page when it popped up, checked the forums, and just couldn't wait. I mean, really, I had no choice, so I waited, and much to my surprise, it is everything AND THEN MORE, that I wanted, when I saw they were making the jump to 3D. I don't have as much time in it, as I really would like to. Though I do intend to dump far more. But for now, even at this point in Early Access, I feel it is a step above a lot of Indie Games, and for Space Exploration and Combat, there is nothing like it, in my opinion, with the same feel and ease of picking up and playing."
76561198041597795,Recommended,252470,23383626,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,thecheeselover,"Funny story, living world, no maximum level."
,Recommended,252470,23044477,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[GEEC] Ecen Cronzeton,"Open-world RPG where you are in control of a modular spaceship. If that sounds fun to you,  I recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,252470,23084850,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,gruntmaster1,"SInce nobody is going to read this anyway, I'll just make some short points.Pro's- Good and funny dialog.- Lore entries that give more detail about charachters and the world.Neutral- Wingmen less stupid than the first game, but still mostly useful as a distraction.- Use the not recommended control scheme instead of the recommended one.Con's- The 2d map implemented to reduce the grind, has resulted in an even more awful and booring grind than the first game.- All elements feel like a grind, be it getting resources or get a good enough reletionship with ""individual"" members of the faction you want to join, in order to join them.- Research has been simplified to boosting one of 6 stats.- While there are a fair amount of weapons, they all feel the same in combat. Part of this might be because they don't have much of an oomph to them. The lag of feedback and numbers in combat doesn't help.- Max 4 ships can fight eachother. This makes combat fairly unepic and if 3 captains gang up on a 4th, it is impossible for anyone to help the 4th captain.- No more missions or special events except for a few in the campaign. You either fight a few strikecraft (raid), other motherships (not as epic as it sounds like) or a starbase.- Said motherships look terrible with the way parts are stuck together.- You can focus individual parts to force the enemy mothership to eject it and then get it as loot. This sounds great, but rarely happens outside of arena (where you don't get the part), either due to the enemy running from you and because of the spawn distance you won't get much of a chance to damage them or your allies just blow them up before you can ""dismantle"" them.I can't recommend SPAZ 2 as a sequal or as a game unless you really wan't more of the story and lore. Hopefully the devs can figure out a way to make the game more appealing than apalling"
,Not Recommended,252470,34196212,Posted: 12 August,all,Clay,"It doesnt really live up to the first one. So much of the tactics, style, and charm the first one had just doesnt exist anymore its just circle and shoot. I don't like the new way that building your ships work and I think the game was much better in 2D"
,Recommended,252470,23045329,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Player_1,"a good direction. Different, but good. Loving the lore"
,Recommended,252470,35172712,Posted: 23 September,all,FastLawyer,"The good:+ lots of content for the price .... 30-50 hours worth :O+ lots of dark, humorous dialogue (as a space pirate would)+ quirky voice acting+ nice story+ lots of control options+ lots of game options+ VR looks amazing+ Intense space battles+ you must prioritize and strategize+ game runs smoothly, didn't see any bugs+ lore galore that can be ignored :DThe bad:- you start off as a blown up spaceship with need of everything- lots of grinding/ busy work to get anything good- no first person view space battles :(- you will lose space battles at the start ... you'll learn to avoid getting into fights you can't win .. not like a pirate at all :(The ugly:~ too much to do and not all of it fun, easy to get overwhelmed~ top down spaceship upgrades~ top down space map that is also used a lot to navigate to and fro (UGH!!)~ name of dev is appropriate for this game (MinMax)I got this on sale for half off and it was a steal for the amount of content.  I've already played 1.5 hours and I feel I'm nowhere near the end (feels like I'm still in the starting area with starting quests).  Although, I did try both Xbox Controller and motion controllers in VR and couldn't decide which was better.  It's a draw really."
,Recommended,252470,35126491,Posted: 22 September,all,Erin,"So I bought this on sale a few days ago because the first game was absolutely fantastic and I've been playing almost all my free time away on it. Now there are several good and bad points about it.Before I do that however, THIS IS NOTHING LIKE THE FIRST S.P.A.Z. do not buy it if you want the same game but 3D.PLUS POINTS+ mosular ship building with a lot of customizability.+ smart and progressive AI.+ Big open galaxy and you can go anywhere from the start.+ Very customizable playing experience in sandbox mode.+ Game is constantly being worked on by the devs and even has VR support.+ Lots and lots of replay value.+ Easy and intuitive controls for battle and camaign maps.+ It looks very pretty.+ resource collecting is no longer a grind like in the first game and actually quite enjoyable.MINUS POINTS- Campaign unlocks things very gradually but everything is locked behind missions which causes you to sometimes put a lot of effort into your starbases or ships only to lose them later in the game to have to do it all over again which just artificially lengthens the game.- Voice acting is kinda rubbish and flat. Jamison is pretty good though.- Combat can get very repetative, especially when using battle wagon mode.- Zombies are overpowered and because of their fast respawns you'll be fighting a nearly endless stream with each base you try and take out.- Each battle can only contain 4 capital ships so even if you've gathered all your allied captains to attack most of them will have to sit back while you take out enemies in smal battle after small battle which, again, artificially lengthens play time and makes large wars slightly tedious.- No multiplayer or co-op functions. The devs have tried but were unable to implement it- You won't understand much of the story, characters and references unless you've finished the first game although the lore you find helps a lot with that.RECCOMMENDATIONS= Only use battle wagon mode when surrounded by smaller enemies, fire manually upon single fighters or capital ships.= Try and join a faction ASAP as it will help you level up faster and be more protected. It will also save you a lot of repair costs as allies get it for free.= Bribe any captain you would like to have on your side before even starting your own faction, it'll make things so much easier down the line.= Start the game by exploring the entire galaxy before hitting lvl 5 because that's when enemies wil start attacking you. Be smart and find everything before anything poses a threat.= While doing the previous point, collect every bit of lore for quick XP and loot every field  you come across in empty space. Once you've explored the entire galaxy you should be packed with loot and at least lvl 5.= DON'T loot in faction owned territory, they'll get pissy and you really don't want trouble early game.All in all it's a very enjoyable game and definitely worth the money. Again, it's nothing like the first game so don't buy it expecting more of the same. What it is however is a large improvement on everything wrong with the first game in an entirely new jacket. If you're into this type of game, you'll get hooked on it fast and not stop playing for a week at least. Definitely a reccommended play although a little arcadey."
76561198050674110,Recommended,252470,35185094,Posted: 24 September,all,Curtis D,"I've probably looked over this game three or four times, and the game appeared lacking. Little did I know that this is like a lesser version (scale of combat/seiges) of Mount & Blade but in space.The most comparable aspect of M&B is the progression system. You fight increasingly harder enemies and get increasingly stronger ship parts. Also the aspect of territory control feels fairly well done. To those who like to own it all, this wont take 200hrs to accomplish which is nice.Now that I'm done the game I want more."
,Recommended,252470,35166149,Posted: 23 September,all,sirdorius,"Make no mistake, SPAZ2 is one of those sequels that has little to do with the previous game. It does some things right and lots of things wrong:Pros:- Living, breathing universe. You never feel alone with the AI controlled commanders doing the same stuff you're doing- Once you get your own faction things start to get really interesting- The lore and characters are surprisingly good and often funny.Cons:- Clunky UI in general- Ship assembly and towing is terrible. Lots of time wasted to try to find out basic info and do simple operations. Not very interesting as a concept either. Why can't I move my turret from the right side to the left side? The whole concept of the parts is rather silly.- The star map has no time controls and time only moves when you leave the camera centered on your ship (where you can't see a damn thing)- Combat is kind of boring. It's way too fast to make micromanagement important so the best thing is to just set weapons on auto so it does the maximum damage throughput (which you simply can't do manually since you can only fire one side of the ship). This means that besides positioning, combat is mostly about watching pretty lights. Combat in the first game was a better mix or arcade action and strategy.Overall, it's a mixed bag. Some things like the UI might get fixed before the final launch, but design decisions like combat and ship assembly will not, and they are big problems. I'm going to give it a thumbs up for being bold and trying new ideas."
76561198057590719,Recommended,252470,35093542,Posted: 20 September,all,dunninger,"A total blast - my goto VR game.Just a quick comment on the VR implementation - it is perfect - other devs take note!Update on the above early review.I am writing this from the perspective of VR (which is awesome in this game) - as I have not played it in 2D (why would I?). In the sea of crappy -'make a quick buck' VR games, SPAZ2 stands out like a shinning beacon - the reason for this is that it is a REAL game, with REAL and addictive game mechanics. Not another goddam wave shooter or crappy asset flip, this is a game that is *actually worth playing*. As there are only a handful of 'real games' (games with content, and thought out game mechanics) in this early stage of VR, this is a titles that you should really own if you have a VR set-up, as it will actually give you something to play and keep coming back to.(BTW - the gameplay will be just as addictive in 2D - it's the same game).I almost passed this by for the simple reason that it had the word 'zombies' in the title, and the last thing we need at the moment is another bloody zombie game. Fortunately it is not just another zombie wave shooter, but something with some actual meat on the bone.Every time I put on my headset, SPAZ2 is played first. Not only because it has addictive gameplay, not only because the VR aspect is so well implemented (and - *works*!) - but more than anything else the game is FUN!I really cannot recommend this title enough, it is worth every penny of the full price and then more."
76561198002494673,Recommended,252470,25815523,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dr. Lizard,dont feel like writing a review but i am enjoying it
76561198147674383,Recommended,252470,26075754,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,killerking9674,good game really like it and the direction its going just problems for me is that the zombies are too strong and need to be a little nerfed in my opinon and the second one is there is no way to elimainate a faction
76561198031409844,Recommended,252470,25819467,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,natraq,SPAZ 2 is a nicely polished and fun experience. I'm looking forward to the final version and possible future add-ons.
76561198005681148,Recommended,252470,25878228,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nightsend,"I was a huge fan of SPAZ and my only real problem with it was how grindy it got near the end. This game filled like a perfect successor to the original, complete with the dizzying amount of customization. Already played through the single player campaign and can't wait to see what the final version will have!"
76561197961269140,Recommended,252470,26070204,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,12oz Jesus,"Interesting, different, and lovingly created by a small team."
76561198103355699,Recommended,252470,27706161,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chriswill55,"A good mutation from the original.Very polished for an early access and very playable.However, the pirate and zombie aspect is not that strong and the campaign is extremely short.Leveling your mothership does take time however and is the most enjoyable part of the game next to the space combat.There are some serious balance issues with the weapons and trying to maintain your faction is like heading cats rendering the whole point of a faction kind of pointless.The enemy motherships die very quickly while most of the higher value escorts take the most time to kill… and are more dangerous than their motherships.WTF is that all about?!Overall its a good, when on sale, game.I would have named it ""Space Faction Wars: with special guest stars pirates and zombies""."
76561198017534950,Recommended,252470,29289488,Posted: 15 January,all,Heretic,"Great fun playing it and a few laughs. If you liked the first SPAZ it should be a no brainer. Get it. The custom ship building is really good in SPAZ2, its on a whole nother level. I recommend it."
76561198053816927,Recommended,252470,30065815,Posted: 20 February,all,Manpapper,Really a good game.When the devs say that they will drop MP due to technical reason.I was so happy that they will focus on SP. Can't wait to see the finish product
,Recommended,252470,25796377,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,orgrune,"Mount and Blade: Warband, In space.It's entertaining and it has potential. It scares me that it feels like it's sort of done, story wise, yet it was pretty short. On the plus side you could make it last forever if you want too!The dialogue is terrible, but it's on purpose so it's kinda fun.I Recommend it, but I recommend the first game more. This is what I'd call the logical followup to the first game but I still enjoyed the first one a lot more and for a lot longer."
,Recommended,252470,25802691,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,FunnyGamer,"Space Pirates And Zombies 2 is pretty good. It's a combination of Mount and Blade, Rebel Galaxy, and Captain Forever.Mount and Blade: Join a faction or aspire to create your own, either way you start little more than a lone wimp in a land of extreme danger.Rebel Galaxy: Fly your mothership on a 2d plane using WASD controls.Captain Forever: Your mothership will find its strength in the rubble of your enemies.It does has some balance issues at the moment, but the developers are working hard to address them. The story mode is fairly short, but the sandbox mode allows you to control exactly how hard the galaxy will smack you around."
,Recommended,252470,25878039,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Matty Ice,A great successor to SPAZ.10 out of 10 for the use of synthetic voices. They’re horrible. Absolutely the worst. If I could put SPAZ 2 up for the award for Worst Voice Acting I would in a heartbeat.But there’s nothing more comical than hearing terrible jokes being told by a computer.
76561197984246063,Recommended,252470,27240285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Abdico,It's a great game that builds on the strengths and weaknesses of it's predecessor. You like space ships? You like to pew pew? For the money you will probably not find much games that can compete.
,Recommended,252470,30005092,Posted: 18 February,all,SpamJavelin,"This is very much a worthy successor to SPAZ, in my opinion. The shift to 3D is a bit jarring to begin with, but the improvements to the core gameplay loops (that keep getting better with every update) really deliver a slicker, less grindy experience.The ship building is good, but could do with improvements. There's only a limited set of succesful designs and it's hard to be that creative. Hopefully this will be improved upon in future releases."
76561198041934919,Recommended,252470,31295306,Posted: 22 April,all,MJ_Arana,"Loved SPAZ 1 love this even more. Graphics and gameplay on par with big box studios, implementation and development is something said studios should look up to. Possibly the best developer on STEAM, and my personal favorite.  Epic kudos."
,Recommended,252470,24087924,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tranewreck,"its not a proper sequel to spaz1  ....should it have been?... imo yes.... is it even a lil like spaz1?...no unfortunately its not... its a different game now, one i dont enjoy tbh.  And i really played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of spaz1, and still will.i suppose this particular negative review is based on my expectations and partly on some playthroughs, which were short, but uneventful and discouraging."
76561198038968845,Recommended,252470,24366093,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,NicePotato,"Hmm. I'm not sure. It certainly kept the philisophy of the previous game, and the game plays ok. But I don't entirely understand what there is to do. Aside from some minor side things, there are three main things to do:1. Gather resources.2. Fight random bandits.3. Fight ranom non-bandits.It's sort of a disconnected mesh of everything.There is this mission called ""pick a side"" (or something along those lines) but the only way to get enough stature with any of the alliances is to fight bandits, or bribe the members. It sounds ""ok"" but I spent three hours fighting bandits and barely got any more rep with them.But also, with the largest possible resolution, and highest working settings, I still cannot tell what the hell is going on in the actual field of battle. Half of the battles I win just ... randomly. Not really doing anything, just flying around and suddenly either I am dead or my enemy.Overall, I'd still recommend it because it does really remind me of SPAZ 1 and it does bring an interesting gameplay setting and design, but the actual mechanics are kind of ""ok"" and the visual design is kind of messy.Also - this is an early review so everything lags like balls, but my computer pulls through once I lower some of the post-processing stuff."
76561197967302973,Recommended,252470,25344490,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lenin,"Missing the awesomeness of the first game, but still a blast."
76561198241309454,Recommended,252470,25605531,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Lily Rosen,"I'm horrible at reviewing, not sure what to put here...i'm mostly just waiting for new content, but so far already completely playable, and great game. could use more weapons, but i'm a variety ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197985868007,Recommended,252470,25765709,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Blackflooddiesel,its a good game .. id buy it again if i didn't allready have it
,Recommended,252470,25793441,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,King Joffrey,"Like what other reviews have mentioned, this reminds me a lot about Mount & Blade, but in a space theme.You have a big world with factions and non-factions, with members roaming around looking for fight.As you progress with the storyline, join them in fights to get friendly, and vice versa.Other Pros includes nice storyline, gameplay, audio, lots of customization available among other things.I can only see them getting better with more updates, and once proper voice-over this should be even better.As of now, it's very playable. 8/10.P.S. Sharlto Copley for Carl dev!"
,Recommended,252470,25805790,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SCPantera,"SPAZ 2 takes some of the themes and visual elements of the first SPAZ and combines them with an overarching style of gameplay that is reminds me of a less-deep Mount & Blade--you spend time and resources building up yourself (ie your ship) and eventually your own faction.If you're hoping for more of the first one, you won't exactly find it here.  The space combat is kind of weak but if you enjoy mostly open-ended gameplay that lets you build up yourself and your empire and want it in a space flavor, SPAZ 2 may be worth checking out."
76561197971562414,Recommended,252470,25806920,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Korsobar,"SPAZ2 packs a lot of the same simple, relaxing fun of blasting space ships that the first game had with a more varied and free-roaming galaxy map.  The graphics have eye popping colors and a superbly crisp presentation.  Although SPAZ2's weapons are much more balanced and allow more variety in ship design than SPAZ1, the random inventory stock for ship parts can force you into ship designs you might not prefer.  The game is quite free of any serious bugs and needs only polish and perhaps some additional weapons or possibly slightly more free ship design.  Definitely good for many hours of laid-back adventures."
76561198051899240,Recommended,252470,25807167,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,rk27,Great game!
76561197971133859,Recommended,252470,25809325,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,123,"Really enjoyed this game, first off.  It is in early access when I write this and it definitely could use some balancing to fine tune it but I can say without a doubt that this is a keeper.It has a different ship system than in SPAZ1, but there's a ton of customization that you can put into your ship and the faction system and allowing you to play the game like a quasi-4X game for a while was an interesting touch.You can tell that they're not afraid to mix up action with a bit strategy which I found pretty nice.Oddly enough one of the best things I found in the game was their quirky sense of humor.  I laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off at some of the dialogue that happens in the game, it was just flat out entertaining.  I'd give it a 7.5/10 but with a little bit of polishing and additions to the starbases and empire building this could easily turn to a 9.  Game is a steal for 20 bucks."
76561198130251297,Recommended,252470,25816658,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,exo,"I spent hundreds of hours on SPAZ 1, so I'm somewhat disappointed by this early access (v0.7) initially.- No level-up builds like stealth+missiles or bombs-focused etc. All high level characters will end up with the same skills- All cores are similiar with minor differences, 10% more shields or capacitors etc.- Various icons are annoying and no easy way to see your ship stats. Especially weapons, need to hover piece by piece- Can't search for crafts- Not enjoying in-battle ship building. Never done it much since weapons dont fire when the tractor beam is on.- Out-of-battle ship building is annoying. There should be an easier-way to rebuild ships outside of battle, the tractor mini-game gets very repetitive after a while- Battles not epic enough with the 4 mothership limit. Crafts seems too minor and weak to have any major impact.- No matter how I play, my crafts always ends up getting wiped out first. After clearing the enemy ships it's annoying to have to hunt down those minor crafts 1 by 1 for a win. After a while I just alt-tab out and let battle-wagon do the job.- Overall not as fun as SPAZ 1, game feels more like Captain Forever HD remake.Having said that, this game is still heavily recommended. It's a very well made game and even this early access is way more playable than all the other games out there. I probably had too much fun with SPAZ 1 and came into this with unrealistic expectations. Looking forward to full release."
76561197971718504,Recommended,252470,29131873,Posted: 8 January,all,Flag,Give it more than 15 minutes past the ..intro....and it will grab you for hours.Great Game!
76561198058037449,Recommended,252470,30074806,Posted: 21 February,all,Araknos1937,"I've played this game a lot, thanks to it's frequent updates and various possible playstyles.I recommand this game regardless of your enjoyment of SPAZ 1."
,Recommended,252470,31255960,Posted: 20 April,all,LightJesterr_,Great game! Expect many days of fun from this purchase.
,Recommended,252470,34443047,Posted: 23 August,all,Krageon,"This is a very nice game. It falls precisely in that mostly unfilled gap of space sims that are easy to pick up but still have good strategy to them. The 3D space combat is well executed (though I suspect not everyone will like the naval-style planar aspect of it), the overhead map action is nice and the campaign does a good job of opening up the mechanics to you at a good pace. I'm only ten hours in so I haven't finished the campaign yet, but I have played these ten hours in one sitting - which says something about it's appeal :)If you're looking for a space sim that's easy to pick up (while still having depth of strategy) and fun to play, definitely get this."
76561198087015257,Recommended,252470,35393153,Posted: 1 October,all,musashi,"OMG! these zombie hordes robbing my dropls T_TFunny game. More in the line of Space Rangers than CIV. The arcane game mechanics kept me busy, entertained,reloading, for dozens of hours. Up to that moment when I realized that I was, yes! figure it out...fighting zombies!Then they had no chance.Things you can do in this game: you can headhunt behind enemy lines; waste the empire treasury on fashion accesories (special attention to discworldish modular spaceship engineering); or just initiate a new gold fever inside a space sector.60+ hours amused so far"
76561197999849775,Recommended,252470,25797011,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,nordic22222,"Love it! It is not like SPAZ 1, but it is still damn fine. I really like the modular building of ships, the other captains, and the fact that the map feels alive.Really well done game."
76561198035680612,Recommended,252470,25807570,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Keldar,"Even though SPAZ2 is still in early access, it really doesn't feel like it.  I've gone through the full story line without encountering a single bug!  The story is interesting, the caracters are ridiculous & funny and the combat instances are amazing.SPAZ2 is more like a 4X game than the adventure type game that SPAZ1 was, but I have to admit that I enjoyed taking over territory & building my own empire.I can't wait to see what the developpers will add in upcoming updates.  Solid 9 out of 10.  I definitly recommend it."
76561198040557180,Recommended,252470,25933559,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Recca,"A good follow up to the first game, spaz 2 gives more variabilty to the game. Replay value is roughly the same as before. Still wish there was a way to automine rez, but I guess doing it yourself is more engaging."
,Recommended,252470,27276074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thommyknocker,Just as fun as the the original was with many many improvments in game play
76561198027873535,Recommended,252470,27355538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,={GMU}=WeissenStein,Has potential.
,Recommended,252470,30070988,Posted: 20 February,all,Genocore,"Short version - Good fun little game, easy specs (even works on XP), worth the full price, even better if you pick it up during a sale. 8/10Longer version - Good game, fun single player but could do with some improvments, such as harder AI, more maps and more game modes. Still worth the full price for it's current state though and it's fully playable, both campaign and sandbox. Most of what i said is in the pipeline. Shame about no more multiplayer in the works, but the game plays fine without it, maybe in the next SPAZ."
,Recommended,252470,35262160,Posted: 28 September,all,TehFocus,"SPAZ2 is a sandbox arcade shooter in space with fully customizable space ships. It allows you to build your own faction and space stations to gain resources and upgrade your ships parts to ultimativly gain control over an entire galaxy. Visuals are simpel but fit the game really nice.The Gameplay consists of gathering resources and new ship parts by either destroying other ships or saving resources to buy the parts. There are many ways to get bigger parts faster. The Sandbox mode allows for many customizations of each playthrough to allow for a greater challange every time.Here is a quick overview of Pro's and Contra's:Pro:Very easy to understand gameplay that still stays fun for a whileUnique humor and charmé. The characters are basically all insane but that fits the lore of the game you can explore in it.Douzens of diffrent ship parts/weapons with diffrent tiers that unlock according to how advanced a faction is that produces them.Lots of ship customization options.Sandbox/Campaign mode with difficulty customizationContra:Quite repetitive after the first playthroughDiffrent ship parts do not feel diffrent. They just have a diffrent model to them but do not feel unique.No multiplayer although the galaxy conquering would fit a multiplayer game very well.Not much diversity in voices for the characters. There are basically X amount of voice lines that apply to douzen of characters. Basically all Bandits sound the same and say the same. Get's annoying after a while.Ship power scaling is a bit off. You are either the absolute overlord that destroys everything or you do not stand a chance at all. Not much tactic involved.GameplayYou start with the lowst possible tech ship on a 2D galaxy map where you can move around. Other ships are AI controlled and fly around. Threat level is displayed by a number on the ship icon. According to that number ships react diffrently to each other. Then there are diffrent factions portryed by color. This will also be taken into consideration for the behaviour of the AI ships.You start by scavanging old battlegrounds or by gathering resources found on the map. Scrap is basically money. Rez is fuel and also quite expensive. Goons are ship personell needed to operate your ship.You now try to scavange new ship parts or gather enough resources to buy better parts. With diffrent actions you gain XP which allow you to level up certain skills during your playthrough. Every now and then when you level up you are allowed to use another core part for the ship. Those parts a cubes with 4 sides as the game is 2D based even though the battlefield looks 3D. Basically pseudo 3D. Each side of a core can be attached to another core. Each top side with a Nose part, each side with either Left or Right Wing and the back with Engines. Those parts exist with either 1, 2 or 3 attachments. A wing with 3 attachments is the biggest and needs to be attached to the side of 3 cores at once to fit. This allows you to design your ship the way you want.You can now increase your threat level with new parts, destroy other ships to get resources or scare them to give you resources. You can also help other ships in fights or gift them resources so the relation to them changes. You can recruit them into your faction once you built your first space station which costs 2500 Scrap by default. The second base costs more and so on.Space stations generate resouces through trading with AI and yourself. They also have freighters that gather resources automatically. As long as they are not ambushed they bring the resources back to your stations.You can now try and conquer the entire galaxy!PerformanceShould run with no problem even on older systems. It runs completely smooth on my rig (check profile). Game is only CPU intensive."
76561197960390718,Recommended,252470,25000557,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Phat Phred,The game is short but I enjoyed it. New and updated features are being added on a regular basis and I've no doubt the game will continue to improve.My only major qualm is how difficult it is to build the kind of ship you want to fly. Money and availability tend to limit your creativity until the late game.
,Recommended,252470,25930208,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rev,"The writing, design, graphics, and gameplay are wonderful. The characters you know and love from SPAZ are back and just as awesome as before. (I ♥♥♥♥ing love Carl) This game takes everything that was great about the original and improves upon it... Except for one thing... My only complaint at this point is how short the game is. I finished the main story line in about 20 hours, and I could have easily finished it in about 16.***SPOILERS***Almost as soon as you are done with the basic missions which teach you how to play the game, you are given the task of defeating the infection. All this takes is leveling up to the point you can kill the ""Main"" zombie base. This is the end of the game.*END SPOILERS*This pales in comparison to the original game which had a longer and much more interesting storyline. SPAZ 2 is a great game, I can't stress enough how good the gameplay, customization, and graphics are...But lacks the meat to fill my gaming stomach.That being said I would still recommend this game, just know you are going to get about 20 hours of gameplay until they hopefully add more."
76561198070403893,Recommended,252470,26681869,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CocoBongoBen,"I don't review games often. As a newbie to spaz not playing the original I'm unable to comment if it's an improvement.The game isn't perfect, but as an early release it's pretty damn good. I'm sure I'm going to get many many more hours on this.I hope they had more features, such as have more mother ships, more 'galaxy's' so once you conquer this one you can move on.I'd also like to be able to build ships on starwars or star trek style more in the future and maybe a pop facilityAnyway great game, worth the few quid.Great job guys."
,Recommended,252470,26686427,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,polq37,"With the latest updates, SPAZ 2 now feels like a worthy successor to SPAZ 1.The first SPAZ was one of my favorite games and I was hugely excited for SPAZ 2. But, when it first released into early access it was ... lacking. There were interesting ideas that didn't quite gel and some of the charm of the first game was missing and it all felt a little thin.Since release, Minmax has been listening to feedback and substantially reworked a lot of stuff in the right direction. There are still some rough spots, but the latest version is solid fun."
,Recommended,252470,27403705,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NetZwerg,"Great game, updates keep adressing what the community disliked after the release (but it's NOT a SPAZ remake with better graphics and new features, its a different game so if want another SPAZ, don't buy this)."
,Recommended,252470,27547630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hippiedip,"I love this game. I played the orginal SPaZ and enjoyed the hell out of it. This game takes all the good bit about the first one and makes it cooler. Like lazers, and missiles but cooler"
76561198071860659,Recommended,252470,30017832,Posted: 18 February,all,Master_Slater_Guy,"Very fun so far, i have not made a base yet but im curious how the game progresses as i get further into it."
76561198021913684,Recommended,252470,31162447,Posted: 15 April,all,stevenrs11,"Quite different than the original SPAZ, but in a good way. Still has the charm from the original but with expanded gameplay and less outright ""build you ship this way or get wrecked 3/4 of the way in"". With the recently added fighter changes, I have very few criticisms for this game especially if you enjoyed the original. I still miss the 2D top-down perspective a little, though."
76561198026114810,Recommended,252470,35243267,Posted: 27 September,all,hermes,"Note: Although this review is written during the ""Early Access Period"" the game I played is apparently ""done"" except for the Mac/Linux port.For the Spaz 1 fans: This took just about everything from Spaz 1 and took it to a whole new level.  If you liked Spaz 1 then you're REALLY going to like Spaz 2. And conversely ... if you didn't like Spaz 1 you're REALLY NOT going to like Spaz 2. The wacky, epic space slugfests from Spaz 1 are even slugfestier. The rich graphics from Spaz 1 are cranked up to a whole new level (and in 3-d of course). It's clear that the kind of thing that the developers loved from the first game they went far deeper into this time around.On the other hand the things which were cringey eyesores from the first Spaz have been left to fester and get worse for Spaz 2. The dialogue, story, voice acting, characters ... basically anything other than combat, the ship building screen, or the strategic overlay ... is this horrible trainwreck which suddenly pops onto screen and we have to avert our gaze and plug our ears while quickly clicking past it. It really feels like the core pieces of the game (the combat, the strategic overlay, the ship building screen) were the result of countless hours of refinement and work, but the other pieces of the game were offloaded to the developer's mentally challenged cousin for 3 cases of beer and a year's worth of painkillers.To the developers: Please for the love of everything fun focus on what you do best and get someone else who specializes in making dialogue sound good, character art look pretty, and writes good stories to do the other stuff for Spaz 3.Back to the good stuff: Another standout item this time around is the soundtrack, which is really top-notch. Like everyone else is saying, the space combat is just fantastic. Being able to piece your ship back together in the middle of combat is a blast, and the first time I used the tractor beam to grab a floating piece of my ship and whip the enemy to death with it I laughed for a full 5 minutes. Imagine someone cuts open your stomach, but you grab our your small intestine, wrap it around their neck and choke them to death with it ... it was about as epic as that."
76561197993512067,Recommended,252470,25805509,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bigpapa,"Love the game so far, enjoying the simplicity of the star map and the ability to use tactics in the battles, (only ordering your strike ships or the smaller ones) however I would like to be able to suggest actions to fellow captains during battle so they dont fly straight in and get blown up right away. Most of the time they try to retreat when its too late and end up being destroyed before they finish their retreat statement. However, it is possible to win fights even outnumbered and outgunned if you plan accordingly and build your ship well. More guns arnt always better. Still a fun game and looking forward to updates that I hope will add more to the game."
76561198149640347,Recommended,252470,29259879,Posted: 14 January,all,weir409,I got it at a sale it is worth £10 for me at the moment the sandbox is great with a world where you are not important you are just someone else who is either making money or helping a group
,Recommended,252470,29332839,Posted: 18 January,all,Mortiis,"So I bought the game and played it for 9 hours straight all night, even though I was extremely tired I couldn't stop playing. Finished the campaign and it was a blast. Somehow this game feels like the games from 20 years ago, original, fun."
76561198035419369,Recommended,252470,35186754,Posted: 24 September,all,papersuit,"I have been watching this for a while and have been hesitant to invest in it because early access is a bit hit or miss. 6+ hours into it and I think this game has a lot of potential half of which is already realized. The game play is pretty straight forward, with the basic idea of "" go here blow stuff up"", but it feels like a fun space sim. I often describe it as though Elite Dangerous and FTL  had a game baby and named it SPAZ 2.Side note I got this on sale for 10$. I wouldn't recommend paying more then 15$ for it at the moment. That being said once more content is added I could easily see this game being worth 20-30$."
76561198006250833,Recommended,252470,28252378,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dev_boy,"UPDATE May 2017 (old review below)Another play through done and it is much improved.  Everything I said before is still relevent btu now they have added so many options to the sandbox mode that the replayability is excellent.  With loads of things to adjust you can either taylor the game how you like or make play through that are completely different each time you play.Basically something brilliant just got even better!good job guys(Old review, still relevent)A more combat orientated spaz with alot less grind!  Awesome!If you never played spaz1, or did but didn't like it do not think this game will not be for you, this is very different game from SPAZ 1 in quite a few ways but they have kept the core concepts that made spaz great and they have removed some of the things spaz didn't do so well.The humour and the fun are still very present but they have removed a great deal of the grind that so many people do not like. Getting the resources you need is a whole lot less grindy, you can simply harvest from the map or get rewards from combat. These rewards can be pure resources or module for you ship.The main difference is your mothership is now the ship you fly. You still have the hanger bays and you can get ships to use, but they fly with you as wing men.  These are unlocked the same way as in spaz1 where you collect the blueprints from destroyed ships.  There is not as much customization of these hanger ships as in spaz1 but they are not your main focus anymore, instead upgrading your mothership is.Upgrading the mothership is only part of it really, you also get to build the mother ship using a modular system.  The posabilities are endless and as you progress you can build bigger and bigger ships.  This is a much more engaging customization experence than the spaz1 module fitting to your hanger ships was.I hate long reviews so will leave it here, there is so much more I could tell you but really the best thing to do is buy the game and find out for yourself!"
76561198008218104,Recommended,252470,35196994,Posted: 24 September,all,Viva,"Early Access 9.903 review. Sceptical at first, but it took over my weekend. This game is worth buying at $10-15 for sure, As for that I always wait for sales. If you want it now, support the developer and pay full price, no one can blame you as it is worth the full $20. If liked the first game, this is not a sequel. More over head map and more choosing your battles. Bug free and runs well."
76561198081797489,Recommended,252470,25353736,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Keeze,"I love this game so much, so much fun, you should buy this :D"
76561198036452765,Recommended,252470,25390936,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ramzanacci,"The game in its current state, for myself at least, is worth the $20 right now. I played the entire campaign over a weekend. 17 hours including me just enjoying the hell out of the gameplay loop. there was just enough content to keep me interested until the end of the campaign and there was still some weapons types I didn't even get around to testing.I never played the first SPAZ and now I kinda regret it. I loved every bit of this game, including the synth voices though some of them did get annoying like the limited dialog from the zombie alpha kept saying the same line over and over again during the end game. but the synth voices can always be turned off. Kinda hope they have an option to turn them on when they do add the real voices.The ship building mechanics are deep especially now with the synergies system and provide alot of design space for future modules and weapon types. The weapons are already varied with a wide selection of tactics and builds to sink your teeth into. Ramming the enemy ships is always fun, maybe a little too powerful though.Again I Recommend this game with high praise. I'm not saying that it doesn't need more stuff added but it already has just the right amount for me to fall in love with it on my first play through. I can't wait till they release this game so I can come back and play it on a higher diffuculty to expierience the game at it's finest."
76561198000751209,Recommended,252470,35102628,Posted: 21 September,all,Jubblator,"This game is great, i played it now and i didnt even realise its in Early Access still. It feels quite complete already. Go check it out, its a fun ""space combat""/""building stuff and shooting your enemies with it"" game.The delvelopers are good, they have earned my trust, at least, by following up and delivering on what they say they will do."
,Recommended,252470,35108296,Posted: 21 September,all,conejeitor,"At its best, this game plays a lot like Rebel Galaxy, which is very fun, and the fighting strategy and gameplay gets to another level on VR. Touch controllers work very well, during the fighting part they are very effective and easy to use. Ship can be updated in a very fun way: you stuck new pieces together to make the ship stronger. On the other hand, it has some RPG and RTS elements that while interesting, they slow the game too much. At the end, you spend too much time RPGing and RTSing and too few actually fighting, which is the funniest part. This is especially problematic on VR, which is more tiring than normal gaming: dizziness and face tiring builds up in a couple of hours, and I rather spend those hours having fun (I´d love the RTS and RPG elements on regular gaming, but not on VR). There should be a simpler option available, an improving system like in Rebel galaxy (without taking out the building part, which is very fun)."
,Recommended,252470,35164498,Posted: 23 September,all,Don Ico,"This game hit 2 check boxes that I never imagined together:1 - Is an space game, and I love space games2- Have a strong Mount & Blade feelingIf you know mount & Blade I dont need to say nothing more, just go and get this game!If you DO NOT know Mount & Blade... First I feel sorry for you. Second, it is hard to exalt the FUN of this gameplay. Its a game that you can be an lone wolf pirate, or be an vassal of some faction, or even you can be the ruler of one! But you are not some etheral god that control all your vassals will, you dont just click to make them go here or there, they have their own will... They can build bases, or atack people on their own (wich can be bad for you) ... You more so regulate, assign an base to one, expel other, give an money incentive to someone build an base in an specific place!You can have enemies and allies, join fights that are not yours, or even waith your enemie to wear out in some battle to take him weak just after!The only thing that I find a bit ""weak"" is the in game economy. You trade ship parts, clones, scrap and fuel... But in my opnion would be great to have more assets to trade and even consume, and to have an market fluctuation, so an place without clones would pay for you to sell there, so MAYBE you could buy a bunch of clones in an place where they are common and cheap, to sell where they are few and expensive! This with allied goods to sell would gave some more spice to the game, but I understand that this may be not the point of the Devs.Overall, it is an fantastic indie game! worth the full price! And I hope that suceed so they keep doing games!Ps. I would have bought this game WAY BEFORE, if someone had came to me and said ""Mount and Blade... IN SPACE!"""
76561198000963996,Recommended,252470,35118226,Posted: 21 September,all,Tiny Bathtub Toaster,"Not gonna lie, I enjoyed the first game, but SPAZ 2 is on a whole other level.The combat is hectic yet tactical, you get a serious sense of progression with your ship-building, and there's even a grand campaign aspect to it.PRO'S: Mount and Blade: Warband, but in space. With zombies.CONS: None that I've found so far. Amazing game for the price.10/10 would reccomend."
76561198040773944,Not Recommended,252470,35488153,Posted: 4 October,all,Death Bunny,"This was an early access game I picked up, it sold me on the premise that you could, during combat, grab parts off the opponents if you did the correct damage to the target.so far after 60+ hours; difficulty setting means *absolutely nothing*, breaking off parts from target ships can happen occasionally at low player levels, but towards the higher levels, that becomes almost non-existant!  threat levels were supposed to be relative, but in reality mean absolutely nothing (the enemy could be hiding 20 tactical nuke launchers and his threat value is still considered 1/10 of your own! ps, 2 tactical nukes-equivalent is enough to reduce your 157 threat value ship to scrap)perhaps once the devs decide to make things a bit fairer and perhaps implement a proper difficulty system, and improve the loot system, i may change my mind, but at the moment i don't think this game is worth the time played anymore, if I want to play a grinding game, i'll find a grind-type game that offers better loot to time spent!"
,Not Recommended,252470,35494576,Posted: 5 October,all,Vandragorax,"Sadly I can't recommend this game.  I am not compelled to play more after almost 1.5 hours.  All that is involved is aiming at an enemy, pressing E to target them and all your guns and drones shoot them automatically, then on the campaign map it's just right clicking on all the nodes to collect stuff.  The core gameplay is so poor especially in comparison to SPAZ1.  It's the most boring combat I've ever seen, and if they think that this ""create-your-own-ship"" and empire building things are going to save it then they are mistaken because unfortunately they are not very fun."
,Recommended,252470,34169793,Posted: 11 August,all,Bemoteajh,60% yes 40% noI can no longer deny this game has problems but its not bad.Its just not SPAZ 1.IF You can deal with a less tactical feel than SPAZ 1 then YESIF You can handle a casualized LEVEL UP system then YESIF You cant stand dumb AI then NOIF You have to have a god story then NOOver all I enjoyed it but I can see how many dont.
,Recommended,252470,27458187,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Munahif,What a reimagining of the original.  Smooth systems and inventive gameplay allowing for creative solutions to cosmic problems.  Immense replayability.
,Recommended,252470,23191554,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,|NRAC| Spike,"So I played SPAZ 1 and thought it was pretty good if a bit limited. I am coming to understand how much more complex SPAZ  2 is, while maintaining most of the feel of the first game. The graphics are a Major improvement and I enjoy combat from the new prospective, but I do feel the top down feel did suffer a bit from the transition.Overall and most importantly it is more fun and less grindy than the first game, and the Devs seem to be onboard with fan suggestions and have had a ton of activity on the forum. I grew to respect the team working on this game playing SPAZ  and now play SPAZ 2 I know they are on the way to a new classic in the genre."
,Recommended,252470,23252613,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,☠ ✙ NoirFry ㋛ ⚸,+
76561198043574001,Recommended,252470,23310107,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ball Shaped Man,"I loved the first SPAZ, the second one they changed some of the core mechanics I loved most. The size of the galaxy is much smaller, combat is somewhat different, and instead of moving to bigger ships you have a modular ship which I wasn't sure I would like. If I think of this more as a game in the same universe and not as the second in a series of games I love then I love SPAZ 2, but it's not really SPAZ 2 in my mind.The story however is much improved, even when read by robots."
76561197978278581,Recommended,252470,26625158,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Roger Wilco,"great game, although I like SPAZ 1's different ships with different slots vs this one's disney gummy ship like customizing. the devs really put alot of time into imrpoving the way the game looks."
76561197964165987,Recommended,252470,28581835,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,joschi,"I love it! First part was good 2nd seems to be even better. This game(play) is so well designed, and i also love the integration of the lore. It helps you get startet, seems to be the perfect game for me. Cant say anything about long term motivation right now, but it is is well worth the sale price!"
76561197974835715,Recommended,252470,23258926,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,snerge,It's early access but the game is awesome and the developers kick♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000711728,Recommended,252470,23270408,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Knight Guy,"I enjoyed the SPAZ 1 more, but still an interesting addition.  The whole modular ship building bit didn't seem quite as fun for me."
76561197970632716,Recommended,252470,23195739,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Drew442,"Read the reviews, bought the game anyway, got hooked.  5 hours in so far.  I see this as an evolution of the first SPAZ game.  I like both of them.  I do enjoy having multiple captains in the game; to me it makes for a more vibrant universe."
,Recommended,252470,23262974,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Creadoris,"Steering clear of the plethora of knee jerk ""THIS SEQUEL IS AMAZING"" reviews that came out the same day SPAZ 2 went EA, Id have to say whilst it is good, It feels shallow compared to it predecessor.Yes it has lots of visual bling. But the TINY starmap accompanied by the minimalist ship construction mechanics leaves me feeling like this game is a shallow representation of its forbear. The franchise has traded depth, length and complexity for graphics and polish.The first step in addressing this would be introduce weapon hard points like the original to allow for a much higher level of customization. YES, we can swap ship cores and wings etc, but I feel this doesn't allow the diverse range of combinations SPAZ offered.Its a sequel, they have added many new features, the new ship combat being my favourite. But they have not included some of the best parts of the original. You don't need to make it look like a AAA title. Just make in faithful to its predecessor. You already had a strong fan base purely on that game alone.  I really can't help but feel they took this game in entirely the wrong direction.Do I still reccomend this game? Yes I do; but only becuase it is fun to play as a stand alone, not becuase I enjoy it as a SPAZ game."
76561197999931837,Recommended,252470,25892564,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nyrkl,"Wow!!! This game has me adicted! There is a learning curve but oh... man, once you got it, you will be hooked!"
,Recommended,252470,23281088,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheRedRabbit,"Really funny game, better then the previous. i hope we are gonna have the chance too be able to abord the other ship."
76561198047757624,Recommended,252470,23117539,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tavis,"Is this game exactly the same as the first one?No, not at all. It's vastly different.If all you wanted is a SPAZ DLC, are you going to be happy?Probably not.Is it still a good game?Absolutely.Are the devs devoted, hard-working, and thoroughly worth supporting?100% yes. If you don't believe me, consider that, in the four days since release, there have been something like a dozen minor updates, fixing every imaginable detail that was wrong. Every bug they become aware of, they fix in record time.Is this game worth the price?You better believe it!"
,Recommended,252470,23199429,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Spuddy,Gloves are like helmets for your fingers.
,Recommended,252470,23301926,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Reaverthereaper,SOMEBODY STOP ME!!
,Recommended,252470,23301991,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Skyler the Octopus,"SPAZ2 is very different from SPAZ1. This review may contain spoilers, no specifics just layout of the game stuff.-Campaign is very... loose. By that I mean that there are less then 10 missions and you simply have to strengthen yourself up for then go and fight. This means that you will be spending the bulk of your time picking on a faction or hunting unaffliated captains, bandits, or zombies. I'll definitely play through it again when the main dialogues have been voice-overed just to hear it.-Game itself is 3D; however play is still 2D. In other words, everything is on the same plane but you can look up or down. Being 3D doesn't contribute to combat much at all, the only things I've seen are wrecked ships sinking up/down and missiles/pods being intercepted somewhere above or below you. Asteroids are pretty annoying to fly into.-Ship construction is modular. You basically have to hope you get a wing/engine/nose with the weapon you want. For me that meant just getting into combat constantly and praying to god I got something with drones on it. Very different from having to acquire blueprints. Your ship is, as advertised, truly a collection of parts you've found.-You basically can't play with your shield down. WHAT I MEAN: Your shield dropping is the #1 way to frustrate you on this game. When your shield is down, the parts on your ship can be broken off, and from what I can tell likely never recoverable. What this meant for me was everytime I lost an important part (my nose drones), I just reloaded the most recent Autosave so I could keep the piece. There is seriously no reason to fight without a shield, and it honestly makes things monotonous. Starbases are a pain since they seem to have 12+ lasers on them so killing them is a game of patience instead of an incredible battle.-Rez consumption is very light at first, but quickly gets out of hand. If you always fly on the slowest mode you'll easily have too much of it. I finished my game with 5000 rez; I only used it to chase down ships since I knew I could just chase until I exhausted their reserves of rez.I'm sure I could comment on more but those are the main things. I would enjoy stealth missions again; the mission on SPAZ1 where you had to be cloaked and escort some ship or some hoo hah was very thrilling and frustrating but in a good way. That being said I don't think cloaking could really be implemented with the game how it is.I'm not sure I could recommend this game in it's current shape, I hope Minmax can take all the feedback they are receiving and polish it into something great! I'll play through again in a couple of months and maybe update this if I remember!"
,Recommended,252470,25502253,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Deimos the Strange,"This is shaping up to be a fun game.The dialogue is a bit... weird, but I honestly find that to be a nice change of pace from the usual."
,Recommended,252470,26190490,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MaruRX7,"Great Game! addictive, fun, and is busy"
,Recommended,252470,28263575,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Fox,"The game is completely level and equipment based and not very skill based. Obviously, it helps to know what to do and what not to do, but in terms of fighting someone of higher level than you... you're going to get owned. No matter what I do, I cannot attack other captains of higher threat than me, at least not without some bait... I mean help. It's really frustrating because the Story tells me I need to be level 15 to complete a certain mission on the other side of the galaxy, I'm level 18 with a fully decked out ship, yet I cannot complete the mission since it involves attacking a mothership of equal rank as me AND attack the base of high defensive rank, both being within range of attacking me... 2 vs 1, how can they expect me to win a battle like that, especially when they flood the area with overpowered drones? I can't dodge attacks because I'm a mothership... I just soak up the damage while shooting at one of the 2 large enemies. I think I'll probably need to be level 22 before I can do that mission, even then, it'll probably be a close fight.But with that said, I still can't give the game a thumbs down. It is still in the early access stage of development and the game is kind of addictive... so it's not a waste of money. Besides, I bought it during a good sale.EDIT: I've completed the entire story (all achievements), and overall, I think the game isn't worth the full asking price. If I could give this review a middle ground rating, I would. There's a lot of balance issues with the game, and like I said, it doesn't matter how good you think you can be at this game, you'll still die just as quickly even if you were a noob. Which brings me onto multiplayer. We're expecting to see a vs mode in multiplayer soon. I can't imagine it being any good at all since the winner will simply be the one who chose the better ship design and not at all about who has more experience and skill in the game. Which means, there will be forum discussions about the best possible ship designs per play styles, and everyone will just stick with those designs. And I doubt there would be many effective designs.I think the story barely added anything interesting to the game. The last fight was probably the only part that was interesting about it."
,Recommended,252470,28990241,Posted: 3 January,all,Royce Bracket,"The first one was the perfect gameThe second one is the perfect sequel to the perfect gameor, let this conversation explain:Carl: Godamn, level 13 is the bane of my existenceElsa: Did you seriously rerout power from life suport to play that dumb video game?"
,Recommended,252470,23195082,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Natetron,"Short Single player, but otherwise the game is probably the funnest one I played in about 2.5 years."
76561198042361626,Recommended,252470,23196224,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,abanit,"Most people should be required to beat the game  before posting a review. I enjoyed it very much. It's still early access, so I am hoping there's more content on the way.Overall a fun time."
,Recommended,252470,23248721,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SILENCEizCONSENT,"I can see why some would not recommend this game but for $20 bucks I do not see the need to complain, the game is fun and keeps your attention throughout and if you take the time to read and follow the dialogue between characters rather than skip through makes for a few good chuckles. I beat the game on medium and trying out other modes I will say I wish that they created different bonuses for ship designs because right now the best ship while starting out is just a straight line ship and as you level basically you turn into a flying ""L"" or reverse ""L"" for maximum effectiveness."
76561197984177193,Recommended,252470,23296570,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Lande3D,"The charm of the first game did not transfer to the second game. Almost everything i liked about the first game is dumbed down and simplified to a large degree.sadly it feels more like a google play space rts title now with some rpg elements tacked on. the move to 3d did not do the game any favors either, the ship style now looks rather cheap rather than unique and fun as in the first game.It is however still a well executed game and i did enjoy it even for its shortcomings. The small dev team again did an excellent job developing a very well balanced gameplay, and i still havent encountered a single bug.6/10"
,Recommended,252470,25614960,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Tactrix,"Extremely fun, and progressively getting more fun. The combinations seem to be getting better as the game progresses."
,Recommended,252470,25876675,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,FordGT90Concept,"It's different from SPAZ but I still like it.  I consider it a complete game too--nothing gave me the impression it's in Early Access other than text-to-speech voice overs (it immediately asks if you want to disable that).Basically what's different:-Universe map: a 2D view of everything that's real-time but based on player movements.  It's broken into sectors with each having a starbase and maybe some resources.-Battle map: a randomly generated 3D area where everything spawns and combat occurs.  You can toggle between a 3rd person isometic perspective or a 2D overhead perspective.-There's motherships and there's fleet ships.  Fleet ships are the equivilent of what you can get in SPAZ.  Mothership features up to 15 ""cores"" (cubes) that wings, noses, and engines attach to.  It lets you layout the ship in a varity of ways."
76561198090274188,Recommended,252470,26622549,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,saqib126,"Good game, unlike its predecessor in may ways, and runs off a `living` economy, with 200 other captains to mess with(or get destroyed by), and a unknown enemy...(title says it all doesnt it)"
76561198022415153,Recommended,252470,23175263,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,invaderzim48,"For me this game scratches the same itch that spaz 1 did, a very niche, very hard to scratch itch, scratched only by the likes of mount & blade, spaz 1, and yes even spore. Other games aside, this game is superb in scratching that itch. It may very well not be for you, but it is a very good game that fits in a very small niche, that I happen to enjoy very much."
,Recommended,252470,29001366,Posted: 4 January,all,iskren900,Awesome!
76561198028021739,Recommended,252470,23818860,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Chancellor Palpy,"My initial review had me not recommending this. I had only played about 2 or 3 hours and I didn't really like it all all. I stopped for a few days and then I played this another 16+ hours as It eventually 'clicked' for me. My major complaint is, as most people, the combat. I miss the 2D topdown view; it was simplistic, but felt very natural to play and navigate. At this point, I got used to the 2.5D combat (you can go forward & backward, left & right, but not up & down). I still like the first better for combat, but I quickly adapted. Once I got used to it, I found it did not bother me too much at all.I have a few issues with the game so far. One is that many sections and icons are not well explained and took me a while to either figure it out, or find the answer on the forums. The learning curve is pretty steep trying. Another is that factions suck. What I mean is that faction members will raid your resources. For some rason I wouldn't have thought they would do that, or if they did, some of the resource would be siphoned back to me automatically. What is annoying is that there are consequences for you if you harvest their Rez/Scrap/Goon resources, but none for them if they raid yours. Difficulty reminds me of SPAZ 1. as in it is hard and you will likely die if you are not really careful. I am set at novice dificulty and the game still seems harder than it should be. You have to be at least 5 levels (threat, not XP) above your enemy. Threat is determined by your ship configuration; for example: more damage, bigger threat. The thing is that some configurations may show you as a high threat, but you die super quick. All missile launchers is going to suck compared to all cannons. Also, how you organize your ship cores can make a huge difference.I am finding this about as grindy as SPAZ 1, but still has a lot of charm to it only in a different way. If you give it a chance and expect a different game than the first, you may just like it."
76561198007314122,Recommended,252470,26202450,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Montavious,"Wow, didnt think Id enjoy this game this much. Its really fun and addicting. Looking frward to future updates. I hope they add more faction building options and some better AI. Would also be nice to be able to give your wingmen orders like Attack my target, form on me, retreat and such."
76561198012099749,Recommended,252470,26600705,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fal,"Very fun. Wish there was more content so I could play it more.The zombie fight mechanics are interesting (parts of your ship get infected, and the infection spreads, which makes you have to choose between a steadily declining health bar and ejecting infected-but-necessary parts) but ejecting parts in the middle of a battle is too difficult to be practical and the whole thing can be pretty easily beaten with a bunch of goons, which are plentiful.Some of the parts shopping and installation interfaces need work. Overlong and frustrating that the buy and the build are seperate screens.There's no voice acting there but the synthesized dialogue has its own weird charm. Excited for the future of this game."
,Recommended,252470,29975392,Posted: 16 February,all,coprolite,"UPDATE: A number of people have recently given this game a Not Recommended due to the announcement that multiplayer support will be dropped.. even some people who say only positive things about the game otherwise.  This kind of a protest vote is becoming more common in Steam Reviews, and I respect that, although I disagree with it in this case.  I respect the developers for being transparent about their reasons and decision.  They were as frustrated about it as anyone.  AND they have given refunds to a bunch of folks.  I saw at least one person who admitted they got their money back and still didn't change their recommendation.  And that to me is sad for the developers, who imo have done a fantastic job with regular high-quality updates and community interaction.---There's a pretty developed simulation layer in SPAZ2, with many npc ships flying around and blowing up just fine on their own without your involvement (as long as you let time move forward).  At high-level, the map looks like a mobile game, with many simple triangles moving about.  This might turn some people off, but it's a pretty elegant way to communicate a lot of information on what's happening in the universe.   You can zoom in anywhere and see who's doing what, and there are a lot of things happening at a small-scale.  For example, every time an AI captains' ship explodes, they escape in a tiny escape pod which jets away to the nearest starbase.  If you aren't super zoomed in you probably won't even notice it, but every individual critter in the universe is tracked like that (da persistance).  Anyhow, since you see the entire map, it adds a strategy-game element.   If you decide to take over the galaxy, seeing your sectors and faction ships flying around and doing battle on a large scale is pretty cool even if they are represented with icons.  And at some point you'll be looking at the map and notice that sectors have changed ownership and the balance of power is shifting while you've been focused on something else, and that's pretty cool. Managing your faction and dominating the galaxy is a fun and optional end-game goal.Ship-vs-ship combat, and building your own mothership out, is the actiony meat of the game.  Combat occurs in realtime in an instanced 2.5D arena against up to 3 enemy motherships (and many other smaller ships), and has a distinctly naval-inspired feel.  I really enjoyed the combat a lot.  Objects in the environment can be used tactically and everything blows up if you shoot it enough.  Ship customization is pretty deep and allows for many different design philosophies, just like the original SPAZ, but the system is very different.  Ship designs, particularly early on, end up looking ugly and abstract, but this is largely a consequence of the stylized cube-based modular ship design.  This design allows for quite a lot of interesting gameplay though, such as targeting specific modules on an enemy ship to cut a ship apart, or targeting a specific weapon weapon, or for hot-swapping ship modules while in combat using the tractor-beam.  And a bunch of additional ship customization options based on the size and location of different parts.  So it may not win awards for beauty, but imo it deserves awards for its rare mix of novelty, practicality, and tactical possibility.  And the combat runs nice and smooth.I bought this game the first week it came out.  The developers have been listening to and responding to the community from the beginning and are very transparent about what they are doing.  They communicate well.  They have been consistently releasing high-quality feature-packed updates.  I've reported bugs and made feature requests that made it into the game, so if there's something SPAZ2 needs or isn't doing right, I highly recommend checking out the Steam forums.  I recommend SPAZ2 both for the game it is, and for Early Access done right."
76561198007864543,Not Recommended,252470,35160241,Posted: 23 September,all,Partyreaper,"Was rather disappointed with the game, really enjoyed the first game and was anticipating a really fun game because of the new empire building features. Combat is repetitive and once you get to a certain point you are essentially unbeatable. Although they allow you to continue after beating the campaign, there are no milestones (factions continue to exist even after destroying all of their territories and there are no empire management tools. Once you grow your empire and are trying to maintain alliances while building up strength you have no way to stop your underlings from attacking other factions and breaking down the alliances. There is also no way to command any of your subordinates to conquer other areas other than through bounties which essentially means if you want to target a specific faction you either have to save up a to of money or go after every faction on your own."
,Recommended,252470,35297868,Posted: 29 September,all,[G.O.D.] Russian of Doom,Quite different from the original but just as good if not better.Modular main ship is pretty fun to fly and the others are as well. Plenty of customization.Feels a lot like sid meier's pirates in full 3d and space. The voice acting is great and the gameplay is engaging. I highly recommend this game.PS: Custom order your parts if you have tons of money early game. You can get 6 star hardware early on.
76561198052376563,Recommended,252470,25388990,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Mountainbred,"I loved the SPAZ 1! I am loving Spaz 2! The devs did an amazing job creating a free flowing and beautiful universe with endless gameplay possibilities! Designing your own ship, running a faction, conquering the galaxy, fighting pirates, wait... being a pirate! I enjoy this game a great deal. Any problems and just let the devs know and they respond very quickly!Over all an awesome game!"
,Recommended,252470,25811702,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Xan,"It's a fresh take on the universe introduced in SPAZ 1. The writing and characters is great as expected. The game frequently had me in stiches.At first I didn't really like that as of right now dialogue is only available as text-to-speech but over time it grew on me. So much so that I wouldn't mind text-to-speech remaining as an option even after voice acting has been added.Which brings me to the Early Access. Aforementioned lack of voice acting is one of the only things that seem 'unfinished' about this. Core gameplay is absolutely solid, nothing seems amiss.The core mechanic of redesigning your ship out of partsIn conclusion, definitely worth a look if you're into the idea of a game in which you can broadside another spaceship, shoot parts of it off and then slap them onto your own ship on the fly. Or just literally throw space rocks or explosive barrels at the enemy ship (an actual recommended strategy)."
76561198055566040,Recommended,252470,25824748,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BadDirt1,"Played SPAZ 1 when it first came out. Had a blast. Few years later I run steam and lo and behold Midweek Madness has SPAZ 2 at 33% off in early access. Bought it, played 20+ hours, watched the dev's talk to the community and implement ideas and suggestions to help round out the game as it progress in development. Very pleased."
76561197984725181,Recommended,252470,26358142,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Cm rd Knightmarez,"It's a very VERY different game from SPAZ 1, and I  really enjoyed it. I recommend playing on maximum difficulty like i did, so that you have to actually think and plan on the big map to win. Every time i thought i was 'grinding' i found a faster method if i just tried harder.great stuff"
,Recommended,252470,26447195,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jtgibson,"This was quite an enjoyable romp for me.  Towards the end of the campaign game when you finally achieve an optimal ship build and unlock the majority of perks, just about any single opponent is no match for you on normal difficulty and experience starts to roll in so fast that it's nearly meaningless.  Before that sweet spot, however, the game is rewarding and nail-biting, and simultaneously easy when played correctly and punishing when played incorrectly.The scope of the game -- literally the entire galaxy -- feels very, very small due to the degree of abstraction applied.  In all other ways, however, the game is grand, with gorgeous visuals for a small studio, decent music, and visceral and very satisfying combat."
76561198253847354,Recommended,252470,26664706,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Manwue,"It is very rare that a game achieves the feeling that you simply MUST play one more turn. It is incredible that it is achieved here in a real time mechanic. This game is an amazing way to destroy your sleep paterns.It manages to feel fresh, in a world full of games that are old mechanics with new graphics, this game brings that feeling that you are playing something trully new.I fully recomend this game."
,Recommended,252470,26682396,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Toom1275,"After having this game on my wishlist since before it was in Early Access, I finally got around to buying it a couple days ago. My only regret is that I waited so long to do so.This is the first space-resource-faction-strategy-whatever-the-genre's-called game that didn't quickly leave me bored to tears."
,Recommended,252470,28848548,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PsychoLee,"After about 25 hours of taking my time I finished the game.  I might have a few spoilers in this review, so read at your own risk.I understand this is early access and the SPAZ team is hard at work making an awesome game.  For that, I am truly grateful!  I really did enjoy the game and look forward to playing again after a few more updates.  It is certainly SPAZ 2.0...or maybe better to call it SPAZ, the sequel since the setting is after the first game.As always, the dialogue is comical, easy to follow, and explains why everything is happening.  I had fun with it and can't wait for the voice acting to be finished and listen to it all again with proper voicing.PROS:- The 3d like feel of the 2d battles is nice.  It took some getting used to for me.  My first several battles were top down just like the old SPAZ.  I eventually started using the newer battle view and really liked it at the end.  I rarely went to the top down satellite view at the end of the game.- I felt like overall the fighting was mostly well balanced.- Felt like the old SPAZ, but upgraded.  If you liked SPAZ 1, then you will really like SPAZ 2.- Living Universe.  I really like a game that doesn't revolve around the player.  This universe exists and moves at it's own pace with our without you.  I think it's cool to see regions battle it out in war, make peace, and trade with each other.- A ton of equipment and modular ships.  I love a game that has options.  The more to play with the better.- The grinder for odds and ends and useless parts is cool.  Nice we scrap stuff out or get a bit of rez from infected parts.  Good add to the game.- The synergy idea was great.  I do wish there was a better in game explanation of how it worked.  I finally figured it out by watching someone's Youtube video right before I went into my final battle.- The universe is beautiful.  I enjoyed looking at the pretty stuff everywhere when I went into a fight.  I like the garbage laying around and general clutter.- Having the NPCs witness actions is wonderful.  Having the relations go up and down for both the AI and player is awesome.  Goes with the living universe theme.- The trade network is cool. See suggestions, wish there was more to the trading.CONS:  (see suggestions afterwards)- I wish the game lasted longer.  I would suggest more delays or requirements before triggering the next part of the story.- I wish there was more equipment.  Don't get me wrong, I really like that we have a lot to choose from.  I wish there was more.- It is very difficult to attach parts while in the battle screen.  There is no way I could do it during a fight, and not easy after all the fighting was done.- Zombie clouds are way too over powered.  The entire ship melts in a few seconds without warning.  Maybe the player just needs to be more aware?  Is that the point?- Wingman while fighting zombie ships die too quick.  Most of the time they fly into a zombie cloud and just die.  I stopped having wingmen because of this.  I was better off solo.- Small universe.  I didn't know the game was ending at the final battle.  I thought it was just the end to the first chapter of the story.  I was very disappointed to find out there was nothing after that.  I was hoping it would unlock a much bigger map with a much bigger storyline.- Bandits are a joke.  Where are the PIRATES?- I finished the game before my ship was even fully upgraded.  I didn't get a chance to play with all the modules.  The game ended before I felt like I knew what I was doing.- Mining lasers.  we need mining lasers or ships to command that excel at mining autonomously.  Maybe give the bus an autonomous mining laser so it isn't too over powered, but gets the job done.  Into the middle and later part of the game I never mined.  I think I only mined in the beginning when times are tough.- I would like to see a bigger economy that is more dependent on other resources.- Need a richer side quest system.  I didn't find much use for the current side quests.  There didn't seem to be so many.- Not too important for me, however I found it mostly useless to try and fly the other ships.  They almost always died within the first 25% of a battle.  They are good for that initial punch, and then they are gone.  It would be nice if we could somehow select when they appear in the battle. That way we can use them when they are most needed.SUGGESTIONS:- Add more equipment.  Passive equipment that uses rez or goons to slowly repair the ship or repair shields faster.- Zombie clouds are way too powerful.  I would request it be toned down by 50% for players and even more for NPCs.  Or give the NPC AI a tune up so it avoids these clouds at all costs.  I do not run with a wingman because they kept dying right away inside the clouds.- Bigger map.  I would like to see a map that is 10x bigger or more.  Maybe allow it to be user configurable depending on the type of game they would like to play.  I would suggest having the current end fight be just the end to chapter 1 which opens up a much bigger map.  Maybe full of pirates and zombies.  The player now must battle through regions controlled by the pirates and then zombies to make their way to the end game boss.- Pirates need to be feared, not just avoided or used for target practice.  See the bigger map suggestion above.  Maybe in the beginning let them just be swarms, but later in the game give them regions.  Maybe allow the player to get on the good side of pirates in exchange for being at war with everyone else.  The advantage being the player can now raid anyone without worrying about further consequences.  The disadvantage is that now the universe is after you for the bounty.  Pirate faction bonus might be to scavenge better.- Random stuff floating around battle sites:  I would like to see a few more odds and ends stuff that shouldn't be there.  Like the stop sign floating around.  Or a billboard flashing an advertisement placed by the zombies to recruit people.  Something like that.  Get close enough and there is audio from the billboard.  This is something that would help polish the game and add to the general feel of the game.- Maybe have an NPC that raids too much or has negative rating and high level and threat turn himself into a self proclaimed pirate and take over a region?  Would add to the psychopath idea of some pilots.- Add a few other resources such as mining iron ore, silicone, and maybe a few other elements.  This would help enrich the idea of a living universe.  Give the player something to do in down time.  Go mine ore for profit.  Have a few pirates show up during a mining encounter to ensure players aren't AFK mining?  Or who cares if they are AFK mining.  If AFK mining is a concern, create some mini-games that require user input for mining to continue.- Ore from mining ops can now be sold at stations which in turn use it to build parts.- Ore can be used by player at their own station to upgrade parts to perform better.- Ore can be purchased from one station and transported to another for profit if the prices are right and you can beat the NPCs.These are my thoughts for now based on about 25 hours of game play.  Overall I really did enjoy the game and I'm looking forward to playing again after a few more updates.  I'm glad to have had early access and check this out.  Good luck and I'm looking forward to even more awesome stuff in SPAZ 2."
,Recommended,252470,35092195,Posted: 20 September,all,indelibo,"I was blown away by this game. The VR presentation is simply outstanding. 4 hours in after my first session, I can definitely say I'm hooked. I was getting bored with 4X games like Endless Space 2 and Everspace left me a bit cold with its shoddy VR interface. SPAZ2 is like a perfect combo of the two."
76561197993680994,Recommended,252470,25237337,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dr Imp,"Bought this five days ago and have logged 32 hours already... some paused while looking after our baby, but still, I'm loving this game.I really loved SPAZ, but wished i could have more control over ship configuration. The devs have addressed that in SPAZ2. While there are some areas that could use a bit more balance, the devs are very active, and I imagine my concers will be addressed. That said, even if they're not, i've already got more than my mony's worth!"
,Recommended,252470,24121288,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,FinalFred,"This is definitely not the same as SPAZ, but it's definitely fun in its' own way.I didn't give this a serious playthrough until after I became more comfortable with the whole modular vehicle building system. Recent updates have made this a lot less painful. Also, I find that having played TerraTech previously helped me get into the right mindset.After you get into it, it's quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,252470,28542531,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Brunio,Great Dev Team. Constant updates to an already fun game. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,252470,31087220,Posted: 11 April,all,BioChemicalWolfGear,This is honestly not a successor to SPAZ...but honestly it opens up a world that far surpasses it.  No more do I fell like a simple space pirate robbing and stealing forever.  But rather I have the option to do that forever...in reality.  You go from space pirate trying to get rich.  To an honest to god warlord.  You can legit conquer the sector if you wanted.  And I love that.  This may not feel as wide spread as SPAZ.  But honestly?  I enjoy it.  It may not be perfect.  But it doesn't mean it's not really good right now.  That and it's in early access.  And already am I having a lot of fun with it.  All we need is more depth and maybe more maps and the ability to mod this.  Then we can have a game that'll last many many years with the community SPAZ has already acrude.
76561198169339140,Recommended,252470,24119988,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,◕ຖē໐ຖℱคl¢໐ຖ◔,"I loved the first spaz, I love second spaz although it still in early access but I'm keeping my hopes up that it makes it of becoming a full enjoyable game :)"
76561197965285141,Recommended,252470,24223152,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Frizzank,Awesome game love it.
,Recommended,252470,27375018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Overcore,"This game is very different from the original.  Not bad, not great, but good.  I would purchase again."
76561197981137189,Recommended,252470,23076517,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,trepar11,"I Love Spaz 1 and have waited for this game for a long time, This game feels and plays alot diffrent then the first one but after a bit of play I got use to it and am a big fan of the changes, combat is more interactive and the really neat on the spot customization of your flag ship is awesome ( you can actually blow off a part of another flagship in battle such as a wing or engin and detatch yours and add theirs on the fly if you want ) also  the flow of the ever changing universe is also really well done. wth that being said GET this game, I pretty much always wait until a game goes on atleast %50 off before i buy it ( usually %75 off) but not for this, its starting price is MORE then fair and  i know i paid no more then $5 for the first one and its one of the few games i own that i feel like I ripped off the developers out of how much enjoyment I recived from it ( and remember they eneded up adding Bounty hunters and it was NOT a DLC... how unhead of is that) anyhow support the developers for this and hope that the content rolls on in after early access."
76561197992535537,Recommended,252470,23225382,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,WWDragon,"I, like many, initially came into this game thinking it would be a direct successor to the original game.The original game was great!This game's combat works NOTHING like the last one; while you can, technically control the view from top down, it doesn't work well, except when using the tractor beam.However, after adjusting to the games controls and mechanics, I still found a great game with a long, involved and immersive campaign!This game has a capacitor that reloads like a clip in a gun, more then like an actual capacitor; the original game was a good example of how capacitors work.When boarded, you no longer have a crew vs crew fight; you lose MAX HP's!Be very careful not to sit in a zombie cloud in this game, because unlike the last one, those clouds hurt shields too!On the upside you are still safe from infection, so long as shields stay up.The dialogue is funny, the characters colourful and the ships grow more powerful as you progress.In this second game, you can design your own ships from diverse parts, block by block.Edit: The devs have now added an auto fit best parts mode, so you only have to design the frame or skelleton of the ship.Swapping parts manually has been improved to be a direct right click one and right click another to swap them type of system.This continues to allow customizing the parts used, if you want to have fine control.A part search system works well together with the above improvements to allow easy purchase and customization of your ship.Want to go full sniper cannos? You can!Want to make a full Missile boat?  Go for it!If you liked the original, get this game and give it a try!Just be sure to have patience and learn how this new one's mechanics work, before deciding yes or no; otherwise, you aren't giving it a fair try."
,Recommended,252470,23304684,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ceewi1,"Loved the original SPAZ 1, and while this is a very different game and still in early access, it's a gem in it's own right.  The 3D style makes for some visually impressive battles and the random loot system and ship design offer plenty of customisation options."
76561198030790106,Recommended,252470,23715329,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Deleterius,"I love this game. I loved the first one and this one, though different, did not disappoint. I highly recommend it to all my friends."
76561198141191920,Recommended,252470,26447136,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dark caster 65,"What can I say, Great game! Everything about this game is amazing and humourous from its fun combat system to its amazing galaxy sprawling with other Captains that will either help you, kill you, or become a zombie just so that your life becomes even more miserable than it was before! I'd definitly recommend this game to anyone who loves Space games with a great faction system, strategic gameplay and funny humour in a world thats not supposed to be funny!"
76561198031199058,Recommended,252470,23919382,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Torkkar,Really fun and awsome story even with the PCG Voices controlls really well with M+KB and Controller (Xbox 360 USB PC) but has need of new tutorial triggers for Story mode. Combat is at a good pace ranging from patheticly easy to Oh Dear GOD WHY?! and thats on normal dificulty XDI'd totally recomend this game.
,Recommended,252470,24205309,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Douglas_G,"Not a direct successor to Spaz 1, but there are plenty of things that are reminders you are still in the spaz universe, the characters, the story, the sounds, and the fighters.You are in a spaceship, pew pewing baddies, stealing their parts and using them to upgrade your vessel.  The combat is composed mostly of broadsides, and ramming.For me, it is well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,252470,24266987,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Grimitsu,Would ram starbases with my ♥♥♥♥ingmothershipagain/10
76561197992867593,Recommended,252470,26462027,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lumanos,Having played both SPAZ and been following SPAZ2 for awhile now. I can say that the game is coming along fantastically. It has its quirks that cause a bit of annoyance. But overall im really enjoying the game and cant wait for each major content patch to drop. Surprising considering im usually a big proponant of not buying early access games. But as long as the devs keep up communications with the users like they have so far listening to our feedback. Then this game will only get better.
76561198030602638,Recommended,252470,23054702,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Slack,I can see myself easily sinking 100+ hours into this in its current state
,Recommended,252470,25370310,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,skrzacikscuk,HiAt start i would like to thanks devs for fantastic game and lot of work actually they are still doing to make that game best. When i have started with firts SPAZ new SPAZ was just about to be released so i have no big history with title but:1) game is realy fantastic - i stuck for many hours and sometimes jyst grinding for new level but still having a lot of fun.2) devs are listening to gamesr and reacting on very best way - they are doing what we want to be changed.Of course they have their own vision of the game but list of changes proves that they listened and read evry comment we did.I have hope that in near future they will release SPAZ3 or at least SPAZ2.5 :)all the best and i can recommend this game to all gamers regardless age.
76561197970740210,Recommended,252470,23227135,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Cpt-British,"Completed the Story mode and while I enjoyed myself I don't want to burn myself out too much on one game... Especially when I have Warhammer Total War still more or less unplayed.That though shouldn't take away from this game it was fun, the ship customisation was a great feature although slightly limited I found.The Combat was fun if a little sluggish at first.The Starmap adds a pretty decent metagame, which makes you decide on upgrading your factions bases, bribing people to like you more (and thus secure the Alliance of their Faction) or been selfish and making sure you have the best gear.All in All I really enjoyed SPAZ2 (Probably a little more than the first) and will definitely come back once more content has been added."
,Recommended,252470,23309613,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,"Bubs The ""Fineat""",The game is still in early form so it can't do all the things we want yet but I believe it has potential to be like the first and or better
76561198006573232,Not Recommended,252470,35218871,Posted: 26 September,all,Warhawke,"Loved the original SPAZ (100+ hours) but this game is a sad shadow of what could have been. The game continually feels like a random mixture of ideas that individually seem cool but have been slapped together with little rhyme, reason, or planning.First off - despite a seemingly endless development cycle - this has without a doubt one of the worst storylines ever created in computer game history. The voice acting and ""script"" is beyond eye rolling bad. The only way you could cope with the listening to the heinous story is if you think ""Bevis and Butthead in Space"" seems like a grand space opera idea.The interface has got to be up there with some of the worst UI in gaming history. Nothing is explained, there are no manuals, no flavor texts, no mouse overs, no summary screens or summary panels on virtually anything.The ships design screen, arguably the cornerstone of any spaceship battle game, is a bizarre and completely unintuitive top down blob of nondescript random parts floating in space operated by a strange mixture of mouse buttons and ctrl and tab. There is virtually no way to readily tell them apart or even what they are/do. Even once you master the controls the resulting ships are aesthetically bizarre and ugly, imagine throwing a box of Star Wars Legos and tube of superglue in a blender and taking what comes out for your new ship and you get the idea. The very limited ship ""parts"" are reused from one weapon type to another yielding no visible distinction between widely different loadouts. Even once you are done creating your Frankenstein of spaceship engineering there is no real summary or breakdown of your ships abilities. Honestly, this part of the game feels like a tech demo or developer level tool not a finished game interface.The 3D space battles while having decent pacing and nice special effects are utterly marred by the fact that every battle is basically a forgone conclusion based on the games ""threat level"" assignment. If your threat level is higher than your target you win 90% of the time and if its lower you lose 90%. The opportunity for a reversal of fortune, or heroic comeback while theoretical possible is so exceedingly rare that after a couple hours I started wishing there was simply an ""auto resolve"" button. This is made even worse by the random reinforcement ""feature"" that works as follows: when you start a battle with a target ship there is a period of time where one additional ship can join to help you and/or your opponent. Whether any does this is basically completely random and there is no way to cancel a battle depending on what happens in this phase. You ""might"" wind up fighting a boring 2v1 slaughter of some hapless AI or being the hapless victim slaughtered in a few seconds in a 1v2 gang up. Neither of these outcomes makes for even the slightest bit of interesting gameplay and these are by far the most common types of battles. Even once the battles are finished there is no battle summary or anything for you to judge the effectiveness of your weapons or defenses, ship design, strike craft loadouts, nothing. You are just plopped back to the campaign map for more fun and adventure of flee from the higher number triangle coming at you and chasing around the lower number triangle unless it gets anywhere near a higher number then you have to find some other poor sap half your level to chase around. The AI is utterly mundane - if it knows it will win it will attack - if it knows it will lose it will run - every time. This clearly got so boring/annoying the devs just dropped a 'player only' cloaking device in to solve the obvious gameplay problem.The thing I always loved about SPAZ was that it felt very skill based (in the style of the old Star Control games). You dodged that burst of fire, weaved around that missile, boosted away from a torpedo at just the right moment, fell back to recharge in the nick of time, etc.  The new game has none of that and just leaves you feeling lost and rather bored after a rather short period of time.With a sad heart I have to give SPAZ2 a thumbs down."
76561198052648564,Recommended,252470,23285254,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,alain-iz,I love this game very addictive heres pros and con for those who want to knowPro:good visual effect.a lot of variety of weapons.build your own ship replace peice even after a battle.make faction allies and enemies.story is comical and good.mission actually has great plot (won't explain this part go find out for yourselfs).in spaz 1 you had different ship doing different things but now you can customize theses skills that theses ships had.Cons:the zooming is abit hard to understand at first.the sounds effect has the same sound as spaz 1.enemy faction territory might be gone but the faction ships seem to keep coming back (i was hoping they ended up being white colored no faction at that point but they won't leave).exploring isnt that great as you are stuck in a 2d map plain and you don't have beam collector and mining meteor even in a fight theres pretty much nothing to do to mine stuff. Abit of a let down.So for my rating 3.5 and time to completing this game depend on how you play it could be a full 8 hours or 24 hours.All in all its a good ship to ship fighting game. I recommend for thoses who likes rpg space types of games.
76561198031441283,Recommended,252470,31697591,Posted: 12 May,all,Warnoise,"I normally avoid buying Early Access games because I've had my share of disappointing EA releases. So after watching a lot of gameplay videos, seeing how the devs closely follow players suggeston, I decided to gamble and bought the game.Long story short, I am very satisfied with the game.First of all, for an early access game, it is surprisingly stable since I have never had any sort of crashes or whatsoever. So technically, i have no complaints.Secondly, the sandbox aspect of the game is very fun, you start with a little ship made of junk parts, through harvesting resource points located in various zones, fighting bandits and helping/joining different AI factions, you can get enough money to buy better parts for your ship (or you can loot them off enemies) and you can even start your own faction when the means allow it!The combat in this game is set in a 3D environment (however ships move only X axis), up to 4 ships can join a battlefield, where each ship can bring up to 4 strike-crafts which can get stronger by collecting blueprints (AI can bring more than that) to help them fighting off enemies. Each ship has 3 bars: Shield, Armor and Hull. Each of these bars are affected by the appropriate weapon, so make sure to focus on versatility when building your ship!Now, let us talk about the complaints:1-Weapons balance need some tweaking: Some weapons are very useless while some other weapons are very effective: That will result in most of the players ending up making the same builds in every playthrough. I hope the devs will look into that2-Strikecrafts: While the small and mid sized strikecrafts are well balanced, I think that the large strikecrafts are too effective at destroying motherships. I mean from a player standpoint, since you are only allowed to control 4 strikecrafts at the same time, it is well balanced. But when fighting an AI sporting 7~8 large strikecrafts, there is no way to win the fight, you will just get decimated in 2 seconds. I hope the devs reduce their damage output because the mothership should be the main damage dealers whle strikecrafts are the ""support"" damage dealers.3-Interactions with the AI: For a single player game set in a sandbox universe, I think that interactions with other ships should be deeper. For example setting up trading lines between you and allies, asking for reinforcements, ordering your faction mates to attack/defend a zone, etc... Those things are the definition of sandbox and I hope that devs look into it.Conclusion:For a 18$ game, i think that this game is worth its price. It has a very high replayability value while each time 1 playthrough can take up to 40 hours to finish. If you like Mount&Blade warband but with spaceships and zombies, then this game is for you!7.5/10"
,Recommended,252470,23142319,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Alexis Bjorn,"Pretty good so far. A few typos here and there, and the overall experience seems positive."
76561198035546383,Recommended,252470,23089714,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jbeans37,"all I can say is that it feels like the open world space game that I've always wanted, there flashtrek frommaxgames.combeat that."
76561198052486303,Recommended,252470,23088901,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SpaceMaster,"I just got SPAZ2, my first impression: it's awesome! :)The switch from 2d (SPAZ1) to 3d (SPAZ2) really works. When it first was announced that SPAZ2 was going to be 3d I wasn't too sure about it. It turns out there was no reason to worry: it looks beautiful, it plays well, and it's definitely immersive.Yes, there have been gameplay changes from SPAZ1, but I like the new direction. It makes for a fresh new game, which is definitely welcome.With SPAZ2 the developers decided to provide us with something new and original, I really like that!"
76561198024377619,Recommended,252470,23495933,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,I Like Your Mom,"Only a couple hours in, but I can already tell that I love it."
,Recommended,252470,23093237,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[GbtP] Bootsy,"This is a pretty great game so far 4 hours into it.MinMax blew me away with SPAZ 1. Part 2 is pretty darned good so far.I'll elaborate later. Must..... improve.... mothership.(rant)It seems too many people thought this was going to be a clone of SPAZ 1. They must not have read anything about it or watched any videos for the last 4 years.This is a sequel, many sequels differ from the original through game play, but keep the lore and even transition characters through games.""Sequels"" that do not change gameplay but add ""more guns"" ""more characters"" ""more armor"" ""improved graphics"" are in fact add-ons that masquerade as sequels (you can charge more for sequals). The quickest way to identify these ""cash grabs"" is by examining when they are released. If it's close to one game a year, that is a pretty good indication that they shorted the development time and passed those savings onto you, in the form of bad or worse story, game length, character, ect.Sadly, these are all many younger gamers know and it seems they look forward to it."
,Recommended,252470,23055691,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,xyber,"Fun, but if you are looking for a SPAZ1 type game then no luck here. This is a different game from the original."
76561197981446012,Recommended,252470,23414889,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Costarring,It's v 0.1.17 when I write this.Early Access.I think it is quite good sofar.Many of the elements of SPAZ (1) are there.Some new feattures (most prominent is going from 2D to 3D)
76561197980772639,Recommended,252470,23210729,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Vinny,"I was just minding my own business, picking up scraps from some pirates I'd killed when sudenly I'm ambushed by some faction member captain demmanding I fork over my ill-gotten gains. Screw that, I thought, and decided to battle it out only to find at the last moment one of his buddies joined the fight as well.I may have been outgunned and outclassed, but my ship was fast and I could out manuever them. The battlefield was full of debris like explosive barrels that I could use my tractor beam to fling at them while my reactor core was reloading and weapons were offline.After a long and white knuckle battle I managed to blow up my attacker's faction buddy, but only at a cost to my own ship. Power was fluctuating in the habitat modules, two of my four engines were scorched and  barely operational and I was missing a thruster wing. While my nemesis was reloading his core and his weapons were offline, I moved in hoping to strike a decisive blow, only to realize I'd made a mistake.I'd managed to get his shields down and land a few shots on his own engines, but by that time his weapons were online and my own shields were reduced to a mere sliver from the full broadside attack that followed. There was no way I'd be able to escape, as damaged as my ship was the next volley would probably be the end of me. So I did what any good captain would do in that situation: maximum power to shields and use every last bit of juice left in the engines for RAMMING SPEED!The nose of my ship plowed through his engines in a fiery crash, sheering them away and sending parts flying in all directions. To my amazement I had survived and severely crippled my enemy, giving me the chance to follow up with a wave of attacks on his ship's now exposed and vulnerable core. He didn't last long after that, and in addition to the satisfaction of watching his ship explode, I had the pleasure of picking through the ruins for working ship modules to replace the ones I'd lost, using the tractor beam to attach them.TL;DR - This game is about as good of an early release as you can hope for. For such a small developer, the production values are impressive, and I love the idea of cobbling to gether a battle worthy ship out of random parts. Definitely a worthy sequel to its predecessor."
76561198092046744,Recommended,252470,33726754,Posted: 22 July,all,Taco Over1ord,"Imagine Firefly as a game with zombies and a much goofier storyline. SPAZ 2 didn't impress me at first, but once I got into it and started figuring out how the upgrades worked, I realized how complex the game actually is. It's easy to play, but hard enough to keep you coming back for another challenge. The character voices are all computer generated, but I feel like it just adds to the hilarity. Possibly one of my favorite space games of all time."
,Recommended,252470,23458359,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,«hex»,"Just finished this game. I had tons of fun the entire way, and there is so much I still never got a chance to do. I loved the first game, but it was a bit too grindy and slow for me to ever get through finishing it. This is everything I wished the first game was, and more.Notes:- I wish the campaign was a bit longer, and perhaps even a bit harder. By the time you finally get ""true"" free reign, the campaign is almost over, and while yes, this part of the campaign takes as much time as the rest combined, I wish there was more to do.- That being said, there are tons and tons of options available. There are so many different ship types that you can create and experiment with, different strategies and load-outs depending on what situation you need to deal with or however you best like to play.- However, I wish that the 'core' pieces were more varied than ""1x1"" pieces, because it really limits the creativity of the designs you can come up with. At a certain point, you realize that the best design is to have a long column to fit as many tier 3 pieces as possible, with the remaining cores used to add some fill on the sides for spare wings and the like.- The empire-building mechanic is great, but there are quite a few abuses. For example, it was incredibly easy for me to just ally everyone and focus on containing the zombie spread. Part of the reason is that you can just pay off bounties on you and essentially reset the hate someone has on you. Another is that you can just take any open territory for free, with no contest from your allies, even if that base prevents them from connecting one side of their base from another. I would like to see some sort of territory-defense set-up in the star map, with perhaps the ability to create patrols of your minions, walls, or something similar. I would really really love if the economic/empire aspect of this game gets amped up to 11, because I enjoyed it and really wanted more there.This game is incredibly amazing. I can't wait to see how/when they implement multiplayer so I can play it all over again with a friend. I'll be keeping a close eye on this game as the updates come around."
,Recommended,252470,23107860,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tamaster,"REVIEW SCORE: 6.5 / 10BUY ONLY IF ON A GOOD SALEA decent game, which i STILL recommend, but it does not catch the true essence of its predecessor, tries to innovate but fails in many fields.Pros & Cons+ Pros ++ Combat system is fun and involving+ Good campaign, albeit short+ Overall good territory management system+ Varied weapons and modules for many play styles+ The gameplay makes progression stimulating- Cons -- Diplomacy with other factions and Captains is far too simplistic- Limited maximum number of ships in fights prevent battles to become epic and large scale, they will always be just skirmishes- Ship building system is impractical- Some weapons are WAY overpowered- Plot is stereotyped and boring- ...No possibility of rotating ship parts, which have to be placed in specific positions only. This heavily limits the designs a player can build- Resource balance in lategame needs to be adjusted a lot- Some questionable minor gameplay choices, like: why you can bribe a captain with ship parts you magically send light years away instantly, but you cannot ask him to join your faction unless you are close to him?- Final boss fight is miserable- Game mechanics overall are far too simplistic and have made steps backward srom the original SPAZ===This game is fine for being an early access, but needs a lot of polishing and introduction of new mechanics and some depth. Currently, it's just a big sandbox with some strategy elements, some building, and some space shooting on 2 dimensions, even if the combat is 3D.My final consideration is this:This game is not as great as his predecessor. SPAZ 1 was a lot more deep in gamplay mechanics, harder, more varied, better in almost every aspect apart from the possibility of building your own ship design with hull blocks, but even this aspect which should be the best feature of this game is dwarfed by the limitations imposed by the building mechanics themselves, whwere pieces are divided in front, left, right and engine, cannot be rotated, and must be placed in forced ways, leaving the player little choice about their design.Also, there is no possibility of building on multiple heights, your ship will always be 1 in height. A multi-layered building system would be great for different designs.This long-awaited sequel is at the moment not enough to beat his ancestor, which still is better in almost every aspect except graphics.A more complex version based on the same gameplay style of SPAZ 1 would have been better, but the developers chose to totally redesign gameplay in a form that is far too simplistic, unpolished and less in-depth that the one they proposed in SPAZ 1.This game is sufficent, but will never achieve the greatness of its prequel."
76561198027785846,Recommended,252470,23437921,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ChaosRepeated,"So it is worth noting I loved Space Pirates and Zombies.Normally this kind of disclaimer would indicate I was biased for the franchise, however spaz2 has undergone significant changes which many fans of the original wont like.First off; is it good?Yes, very. It does what it does well.If you want to manage a large empire with no real micro, or engage in huge capital ship versus capital ship combat this is the game for you.While the original game was gamed around dog fights, top down combat, mining and managing a wing of strike craft, spaz2 is about managing a empire of space stations and capital ship combat.The strike craft are still there but they act as support for your capital ship, which is fully customizable and able to be modified to meet a range of play styles.It took a while to get into the groove but when I did I loved it.Concerns:So I only played campaign mode so this might be fixed in sandbox.Compared to the first game the galaxy feels small, like really small.A medium game in SPAZ has hundreds if not thousands of sectors, spaz 2 has at most a hundred, if that.You can no longer manufacture anything. In SPAZ 1 you could build anything you had a blueprint for, in spaz 2 you are dependent on space stations. This means you cant customize dog fighters and getting the right weapons for your capital ship can be an exercise in frustration.Not that was just fixed in part by the inclusion of a catalog system but I still miss manufactoring things myselfThere are content gates which make things annoying:In the campaign mode you have to wait to unlock building bases, even then it is for a guild you later get kicked out of.When you are part of the guild you only get the first base you build you lose the others you construct.This is frustratingLater you get you own guild, if you took part in any wars as part of your original faction, this can put you in a bit of a difficult situation where you either build a base in the heart of existing enemies or you attack original allies.Gripes:There is no micro, like zero. No mining, you cant drop out of hyperspace and explore, you cant trade, nothing.You cant pick up loot in tactical view, you cant get ejected goods, or dropped part or anything.It is very frustrating to set the 3 slot 5 start part you are searching for on the field of battle, be unable to get it in battle and have it not turn up in the loot.You have zero real customization of the space stations, I would olove to define what addons are built, what gear they construct, set trade routes, set mining and planet interaction. However I can't it is effectively just a resource node.Space stations in your guild have an annoying habit of being lost for no good reason. I had stations, fully upgraded in the heart of my empire, with no enemies any where near by be lost for no explicable reasonThe AI guilds members upgrade the various space stations, so why doesn't the players guild's members do the same.p.s.It's weird that steam thinks I only played it for 16 hours as I am certain I played it much more than that."
,Not Recommended,252470,35254326,Posted: 27 September,all,D-code,"If you want to have fun and experience the same interesting story as SPAZ 1, look elsewhere.There is actually very little content in this game.The story campaign basically a tutorial and consist of 3 main quests to go somewhere and kill/destroy something.After that you get the same exact endless play that you'd have in the sandbox mode with little to nothing to do.Basically you can't win this game, you can just fly around, build bases, destroy bases and equip your ship endlessly.Shipbuilding is absolutely pointless and one-dimensional. Just build a linear long spine ship, throw the strongest weapons on there and nothing can stop you.There is a system that rewards you for building your ship differently but it does not matter at all since the only places where it could have mattered were multiplayer battles.Multiplayer was scrapped. Yep, no multiplayer for you. Better luck in SPAZ 3.What content did we get when the multiplayer was scrapped? Nothing.Guess what the military does when the zombie outbrake starts: Declare war on civilians.The AI is absolutely awful in this game. There is basically no way of interacting with them in a productive fashion.You cannot tell captains in your own empire to defend your empire, you cannot tell them to attack enemies, you cannot tell them to gather resources, you cannot tell them to clear Bandit bases, you cannot tell them to clean infected captains.You can basically do nothing with them except order a single one of your captains to follow you around.You will see no more interaction with your own faction during the entire game.Don't get fooled. This game is far from finished or offering a lot of content."
76561198020865913,Recommended,252470,23478848,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,spiderdude444,Great game cant wait to see the finshed product
76561198000612308,Recommended,252470,23173815,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Chinese Cartoons,"Got this game a few days ago. Fell in love with it.Firstly, the lasers go pew pew in space.Secondly, the characters have such snappy and well written dialogue that I did not mind that our main cast is currently incognito borg with a self-censoring protocol to keep them from offending our spaceship flying sensibilities. Also casual references to♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillaging are fine tho.Did I mention the lasers go pew pew because they do and they come in a variety of flavors and damage.Ship building is fun and sometimes you need to build a ship while getting shot at.Nightshade can't do that.Buy the game don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about your huge ship being hard to turn.Live long and eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,252470,23186608,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Battle00333,10/10. Would Conquer Galaxy Again.
76561197998318543,Recommended,252470,23428973,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,billyclub,i USUALLY DONT TAKE TIME TO SAY A GAME IS AWESOME BUT OMG! THIS GAME IS AWESOME AMAZING AND STUFF
76561198050225810,Recommended,252470,23061702,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,X_Y,"An ambitious game by a small indie studio, it's a mixed bag, yet pretty fun so far.Right from the beginning, you'll find out that the mechanisms are quite complicated. It takes a bit of time to get used to different concepts and control schemes, which can be fun if you're patient. The story did a good job in blending in the tutorials, but the story itself brought nothing ground-breaking.The main game is divided into 3 modes, ""star map"", ship building and combat. In ""star map"", you fly around harvesting resouces, chasing bandits and stirring in the pot between 5 major factions. It feels extremely like a space MMO simulator, with all npcs looking and behaving like your typical EVE online playing friend. The resouce ""scrap"" feels less useful since you can always go for REZ and exchange it to scrap.The ship building mode is innovative and a bit bizzare. All ship parts are modulized and you can make your ship in anyway you like. However this also makes the ships ugly looking like hunks of junk. Each ship part is attached to a specific direction, is fixed with a weapon, has a rarity and has very limited supply, making customization a bit difficult. Imagine if you want to try a different ship design, you'll need to harvest enough REZ, find all the parts you need from half the universe, and throwing away the existing parts since they're supposed to slow you down when inside the inventory. Wanna try something new? Start the whole process again.The game is fun in general, needs some polishing and a few system could benefit from redesigning."
,Recommended,252470,23056689,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Southpaw,"I really enjoyed SPAZ1, and now that I've played SPAZ2 I can say that I will be thoroughly enjoying this game for a long time.Before I bought SPAZ2 I read all the reviews, and decided to try it for myself. I have NO IDEA why some of these reviewers complain about features that are a non-issue, are they even playing the same game?One major complaint is a lack of instruction on gameplay. Let me clear this up right now. From the very start of the campaign and even a couple hours in, this game does a GREAT job of explaining all the gameplay mechanics, functions, icons, weapons, ship building features in the game. At no point was I ever confused and the storyline flows nicely and slowly introduces/unlocks new game features and ""tutorials"" as you progress.Controls and Combat are another source of complaint. The controls are fine and if you don't like it take the time to customize them how you want before complaining on the interweebs, and I love how I can switch between the classic top down view from SPAZ1 and the new close up horizontal ship combat view. It reminds me of giant broadside ship battles across the ocean of space. Combat is great, you can switch between firing modes, customize your loadout, target specific components to blow up, tractor beam objects into enemies, and even install an enemy ships component onto yours in mid-battle. Combat is surprisingly deep if you actually take the time to read the info available in game instead of pounding away mindlessly on your keyboards.I'm not even going to get into ship customization because it's so polished, fun, and complex you just need to play to understand it. It seems most of the negative reviews stem from players just loading up the game, not reading any settings or tips, and launching head first into sandbox mode. I highly recommend you do campaign first (as any clearheaded and sane person would do) because it does an excellent job teaching you how to play. The writing and characters are very well done, funny, and even enlightening at times. The galaxy map feels alive with all of the ships, bandits, and factions going about their lives and fighting one another as you explore. You can join a faction or be the scourge of space. The game is as hard as you want it to be, with an adjustable difficulty slider you can change at any time, I'm playing on slightly harder than normal and I've had no issues, the game feels balanced.So take this for what you will but I can assure you the developers have put their heart and soul into this game and it really does show."
76561198032838419,Recommended,252470,23353192,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,deepincision,"First up, SPAZ2 is a vastly different game from SPAZ1. The setting, some sound effects and the overall sense of humour is the same, but the gameplay is completely different but that's not necessarily a bad thing. That is unless you're looking for a direct sequel with improved features: I'd guess a few people have been negatively reviewing SPAZ2 because of this. Admittedly it maybe shouldn't have been named SPAZ2 as it plays more like a spinoff rather than a sequel but I honestly prefer SPAZ2 over SPAZ1.SPAZ2 plays like an arcadey spaceship shooter with sandbox, trading, scavenging and some exploring aspects. It's a little grindy but I personally don't mind that. The story continues on from SPAZ1, but to be honest I didn't care much for the lore. Loved the sandbox mode though but the galaxy map could be a bit bigger, otherwise an adjusting slider like in SPAZ1 could hopefully be added in a future patch, as it seems a bit claustrophobic in late-game.Decent eye candy especially considering how small the dev team is and it's very satisfying to see lasers, missiles and assorted explodey things fly through space, resulting in enemies exploding into little bits which is one of the main draws of spaceship combat for me. Some of those little bits floating through space being salvageable is also a nice touch. Being able to use (destructable) space debris tactically is even better.Ship construction can be a little bit fiddly but once you get used to it, it becomes second nature. Loot is determined mostly through RNG so it can be frustrating at times but stations with a greater threat number tend to have much larger inventories to browse from, which is mentioned but could be easily missed.Overall, I enjoyed SPAZ2 much more than SPAZ1. If you're going to try it, judge it based on its own merits even though the name suggests it should be a direct sequel."
,Not Recommended,252470,25757826,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"As much as I love the first SPAZ I really did not enjoy what I played of this. The gameplay felt weirdly remote, the 3D isn't as charming as the old 2D graphics (no objection in theory, but this is sorta blocky and not great looking, kinda like a PS3 digital-only game from 2009), I don't at all enjoy the way the Mothership construction and improvement works (or combat with it, either), and I feel like to an extent the game doesn't really sustain all the stuff it has going on as moving parts. But it's still Early Access, and as you can see from other reviews, plenty of folks love it. Not for me."
76561198127829776,Not Recommended,252470,26170710,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Gambit,"My fackin god, WHY? WHY? Why u force us to gather forces??? Conquered all systems, fightin alone final battle against almost endless waves of enemies. What the♥♥♥♥♥♥?? I hate this so much. Defeated the base, next battle goes intantly after the first one. No repair, no restock. Nothing. Just suffer."
76561197970339445,Not Recommended,252470,23228274,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,++,"Regarding the early access version: I liked SPAZ 1 a lot, but this version is not catching on. Clunky user interface and ugly 3d battles. Not much depth in gameplay or it is just hidden where I don't see it yet."
,Not Recommended,252470,25266623,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lyfe,"I prefer the original SPAZ, much more depth to it. I can't really see this one gaining a lot anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,252470,23366576,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Tyoi,Frustrating as f*ck. Too many bad sides on the game and way too less good ones to counter them. Don't let the 'very positive'  rating fool you.I really want to give this game the biggest thumb up I can but that's probably only because SPAZ 1 was such a good game. (I'm not comparing!)
76561197970748244,Recommended,252470,23044349,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ZZEZ,"Its out, its great and its a completely different game to SPAZ 1."
,Recommended,252470,25213960,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lint Wizard,This game is as excellent as this recommendation is uninformative.
76561198017743989,Not Recommended,252470,23159740,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dr Pepper,"I honestly reinstalled the original and am having more fun.CONSLoved SPAZ 1 but feel as though this game actually suffers from the 3d models. Obviously you can change the camera to overhead, but it likes to toggle back and forth anyways at the start of each skirmish, and the controls feel lethargic compared to the arcadey-but-responsive original. Plus motherships look rather bleh, and more effort could have been spent elsewhere. SPAZ 1 also gave you a little dopamine drip as you sucked up resources like a vacuum. Here in SPAZ 2, theyre just arbitrary numbers and you dont get the same satisfaction in collecting them.The inventory/store menus also feel like they could be presented much better. Its tiresome comparing stats on things that you continuously have to remind yourself on what type of component they are, and then re-look at the stats, and then re-remember the component type, and then just say ""eff it. This one has a bunch of stars and costs alot so its probably better"".As others have said, shields inherently make the most sense to bolster over anything else. You dont have to invest anything in their repair...Strike ships or w/e are necessary in the least thrilling way possible. Theyre just there to draw flak away from you, and thats generally it.PROSThe 4x half of the game is really interesting, despite some grindy resource collection. It really feels as though they could have taking SPAZ 1, and slapped the new 4X onto it, and called it a new game and basically everyone would have been tickled.The banter from pilots and the main cast is as funny as always."
,Not Recommended,252470,25414143,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sunae,"Contains story spoilers, read at your own discretionThis game belittles and degrades it's own progress to the point where it renders it pointless. Early on you're pushed to join a faction via plot, building a starbase and protecting it from bandits and other pilots. In theory it's fun, however a few missions later the game strips the base from you again over plot. All the scrap and time you spent building up the base? Pointless and gone.Later the game plays the same trick on you. Spend hours upon hours building alliances and starbases only for the game to render every ally you've made pointless as their aid is blocked during the final mission. I only made it to the second stage of the final mission, perhaps they do come later, however my frustration had built to the point where I didn't care to push through.This game pushes you towards goals only to slap you in the face when you achieve them and strip it from you leaving you with a horrid sense that everything you've done matters for naught; it repeats the same pathetic joke twice.The game mechanics is decent, the ship building portions allow for a wondrous plethora of combinations. However when coupled with the above mentioned I could not recommend this game."
76561197989324079,Not Recommended,252470,23243294,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Laen,"I want to like this game, but I just can't. I frigging loved SPAZ one... but as it turns out this game is totally different.I loved the first SPAZ. Hunting and collecting for all the different ships and equipment parts.Different ships were all unique, but what was better, you could arm them for so many tactics. I liked to make missile ships from my wingmen to stay safe. I liked to make cloaked mega laser ships from my main ships that could do a lot of damage, but still had engine speed to bail out of bad situation. This kinda customization is gone. Best part of the game was collecting different ship types, parts (weapon, shield and support), and experience to unlock the skills to use them.There is still collecting in the game but just for mothership parts. Now you customize your mothership, from parts you loot and shop, but all your other ships are tiny, boring cannonfodder that serve no other purpose, other than to distract the enemy.Mothership customization is kinda cool. You build your own ship from blocks, with each block having its own stats and own weapon (unless its core-part = hull). Every part have many different stats, but basicly they give little boost to the motherships stats like speed, turn speed, and armor.There are basicly 5 kinds of parts:1) Core aka The hull that gives the ship its shape.2) , 3) , 4), 5) = Nose, Tail, Right wind, and Left wing. They are all the same but connect to different side of the core part... nose goes to front... You can guess the rest.Why this sucks, is that every part is the same. Every F-ing part  is the same. Every part have the same stats, with a little difference to the numbers. Example Nose and Tail parts have 6 stats with one difference... Nose has ""shields 3"", but Tail has ""shields 2, but engine 1"".By this point you still think: ""but that sounds cool"". And it kinda is... kinda.Until you hear that every part has random weapon!!But then you think ""Whats wrong with that then?""Well... The weapons are random and you can't change anything.What that means: You play the whole game using random weapons, Using random parts, with a  lot of different stats that you can't tell the difference. Your mothership is ugly the whole time.You can use your imagination, to make your mothership, perform and look, quite many things. Actually in every starbase there is ""arena"" where you can challenge yourself, using premade motherships, and test yourself with different kinds of ships. For me it worked well to show me what kind of weapons I liked. But in the end it was all the same.Game is 1/4 size of SPAZ 1 or smaller, but it is hard to compare because this is more alive.200 hundred unique ships/captains move there constantly, but they don't respect borders. So they constantly violate your space.PROS:- Ramming and individual part damage.CONS:- No different, unique, interesting ships.-- Mothership is spawn of vomit that you find.-- Strikefleet. They were all tiny. Died. Made zero difference, other that cannonfodder. Totally ♥♥♥♥ed up feature. In SPAZ one, you actually desing them... They were awesome.- Every ship part is the same. Random weapon + some stats.- Every part has same stats. Minor value difference, but still every part is the same.- Regions control sucks. It is chaos out there.-- No border control. You can't tell other people to stay  out of your territory.-- If they raid you... You can't in game terms be diplomatically upset... You can only destroy their raid party and then they are mad at you. Makes sense (they are mad =yes, but that was your only choise = no)... you were friends and they robbed you.... but it was wrong to attack the robbers... and stuff.- Diplomacy is basicly enemy/friend. But it is individually between different captains (200 of em) not just factions.In short:You make ugly ship. You and it has random stats and weapons. But because you are pro those weapons make you good at everything (although, no theme, or style). Then you win... Boring."
76561197986186175,Not Recommended,252470,32661869,Posted: 22 June,all,Flavius,Wow .. bummed that this is so different than SPAZ 1. The space combat isnt fun anymore ... cumbersome. I miss my fleet and nimble starting ships.Swing and a miss.
76561197973284373,Not Recommended,252470,23047548,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Masterofm,"TL:DR - SPAZ 2 basically plays like Starpoint Gemini's combat (but slower) with an overview map system that feels clunky.  If you want to play an upgraded version of SPAZ 1 you should absolutely not get this game.You know how you really loved SPAZ?  It was a pretty cool game.  Top down, interesting mechanics, a bit same'y combat (yet fun as hell,) interesting research projects to outfit your ships, different tech, running over people before they become your crew and hearing them splat on your hull, easy tactile control of what you wish to do, fast paced combat, ect., ect.  Remember that?Awesome.  Now replace all of that.  All of it.Research?  Nope!Varatibility of outfitting your ship?  Actually yes, but it is combersome, and the tiles feel like badly made erector sets so I find myself staring blank eyed as I load one side of my ship with missles and the other with all the crap that will obliterate my enemy.Combat? The combat is a hell of a lot slower (or at least feels like a snales pace.)  It's not about doding bullets while at the same time blasting away at the enemy.  Nope.  This game is now about positioning.  Basically a great tactic is to slam your ship right into their rear end and proceed to use your high powered nose blasting weapons to obliterate the opposing ship.  Granted this may change, but I'm not playing a game where if I can keep putting a bunch of little asteroids (that are all over the place so I have to also time my shot.)  The battle maps feel almost all the same and there isn't enough terrain to maneuver through considering your ships move sooooooooo slow.What bugs me most about this is that it's removed all the skill that I loved about SPAZ 1.  Have a small ship you want to pilot instead of the mother ship and a hell of a lot of skill piloting it?  You will still lose.  Period.  SPAZ you could overcome this, but in SPAZ 2 just strap yourself into the bone room and feel the penetration.Diplomacy?  Just as clunky.I get that this is early release.  But as the game is right now?  Woof.... because I really can't see it changing so dramatically to become what I loved about SPAZ 1."
76561197995081110,Not Recommended,252470,23530407,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,shirty,"TL:DR. if you loved spaz1 dont expect anything of what you loved to exist here, this game is basically spaz 0.5 it has less going on and has been taken in a completely different direction,i personally cant recommend this game but if you have never played spaz1 then A. try spaz1 first B. try this but keep an eye on your playtime, thanks for the refund steami loved spaz 1 and was really looking forward to spaz 2 from when i first heard about it many months ago,i bought it expecting more of spaz 1 but in 3d and with more depth with the 200 captains bringing some sort of story and replayability.what i got was a shallow and boring game that barely even felt like it was based in the spaz universe (the character images and small ship designs are all that carried over)ship building felt pointless as there is little to design and it is awkward to build.resouce collecting was fun in spaz1, i enjoyed mining and seeing the ship escape pods flying out of a ship as it exploded and i went over scooping them up, ejecting into space those who wouldnt join my merry band. whats this replaced with? drive to station on map and get given some resources, could that be any less interesting?the game world is now a fraction of the size of spaz 1 and you just drive around the map looking for a captain you are more powerful than. this map driving is boring as can be, i thought spaz 2 was going to be 3d? i spent 99% of the time looking at the map and that is not only 2d but not even nice to look at.the battles dont even feel interesting, i thought it might be like rebel galaxy but its not in the slightest, you can use auto aim or manual aim but manual is hard to get aimed up as you try to avoid incoming fire and the auto mode makes the battle as boring as the map part of the game.200 captains that can do everything i can do? so they drive around bored out of thier head doing nothing of any interest till they refund the cost of thier ship?many people say it gets better the more you play, i say if i go past the 2hour mark i lose my chance of refunding, a game should capture the player from the start and this didnt capture the slightest interest in the 90ish minutes i gave it before thinking i cant risk losing my money on this boreing devolution of spaz, i doubt it would have magicly converted itself into something completely different if i had given it any extra time.im really disappointed that minmax have said they are happy with the direction they have taken as i feel its gone backwards and if they are happy with it then its never going to go forwards is it.fingers crossed for a spaz 3 that makes a true sucessor to spaz 1 cos this aint it, i may look back in several months time and see if the game has evolved itself a soul but i think its direction is just not what i was hoping for :("
76561198021091428,Recommended,252470,28615777,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Alniliam,Love this game
76561197968907104,Recommended,252470,31650651,Posted: 9 May,all,TheSHEEEP,"I was looking for a space fighting game with some strategy attached to it that does not require me to buy a joystick (or even one of those HOTAS controllers) and can be played just using keyboard + mouse.Not only is this true for SPAZ 2, but it is also a really unique and fun game with a lot of replayability (you can try out a lot of ship builds).Though still in Early Access, I was able to finish the campaign just fine with only one bug (to which the dev reacted almost immediately!). It is absolutely clear that this is an indie product of passion.Definitely worth your support."
,Recommended,252470,28888267,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mr. Coconut,"Has huge potential! Just finished my first game after 26hrs play time and loved every minute of it.Can't wait to see what's in store for future development. They've got the core gameplay down pretty well already, so the thing I'm hoping to see more than anything else is lots of variation in scenarios / maps for max replay value."
,Recommended,252470,30811111,Posted: 29 March,all,Neme,SpacePiratesZombiesWhat more is there to be said.
76561198006672893,Recommended,252470,30817096,Posted: 29 March,all,CriticalVoid,Good game.
76561197988445850,Recommended,252470,23059896,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Akulio,"Awesome game. I'll be waiting for final release, but what i've been able to test pleased me greatly. Although those who wanted SPAZ 1 with better graphics might be dissapointed, the game is very diffirent from it's predecessor.Still thumbs up on my account."
,Recommended,252470,23129858,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nexis,Spaze 2 is.......Amazingly fun and offers diverse gameplay and customisable ships.Collect loot from destroyed ships and add it to your own. Build star bases and own your own corner of space. Gain skills as you level and add more ships to your collection. Dont like that guy over there put a bounty on his head just make sure he doesn't put one on yours. Join a faction of your choosing and go to war against opposing factions or make peace. Collect resources to sell or be a pirate and steal them from other ships. The choice is yours!Dont expect to conquer the universe any time soon. this is no 3 hour campaign type game. I am many hours into my first play through and feel like I am still discovering the game. I am already thinking about my next play through and maybe the one after that. Its one of those games that you think about playing when ever your not playing it.8/10
,Not Recommended,252470,23085575,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,futique808,I liked SPAZ 1.  I did not like this game and got a refund.  I didnt realize the game is mostly played on a overworld style map that I am not fond of.  Controls were clunky as hell too.  If you are going to buy it you may be reqeusting a refund like myself.
76561198064270537,Recommended,252470,23093956,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Nightmare Moon,"That's supposed to be a review..., dislike talking much.Well, having more hours of gameplay than most of players living so it should be important for customers right?First of all, this game is worth it, worth the time and the money (tho at start checked if there is already free cracked version) but now not regreting buying this game. Game contains many silly jokes, situations or dialogues, the most important thing to get at the end of day is just sound of ""Ding!"" from Carl when leveling up and his happy face when blowing our mind.The world is small, the game is easy after beating zombos (just be hero and stand against zombies using all money for bounties on bases and killing captains to the moment when heart can be striked down) but that's on normal mode. (when will finish expert mode then will maybe edit this part of review).But maybe world is small, maybe end-game weapons let player to shred enemies into piece, even solo starbases but to come to end game weapons, they must be found, they are extremaly rare, with 33 hours still didn't find mass driver, belive us, having mass driver is like winning the game already, but going to the point, rest of the game is excelent, battle content, shreding enemies part by part while they can do the same (only they can't ram players... sadly), building bases and faction, being hero and protecting universe from zombies even when all are against thou, the story is short but well made(just don't make first starbase in the center of map okay?). No farming here also, the only farming time is when someone want quick level-up and left leveling setting to normal not sprint, then use arenas but it ends quickly not like in previous SPAZ 1 where farming parts or Rez was so painful grind for hours when playing hardest difficulty.Eh, don't know what to say more? just buy it already? there is anyway refund option fools, it downloades in seconds and gives fun for real life time days. That's best space battle simulator ever played, it beaten SoaSE which was the greatest experience before release of SPAZ 2. Some ppl also make... ""cons"" and ""pros"" so... will try to do the same.Let's start from bad things to be clear.""Cons""- Small world (it seems to be just the core space from SPAZ 1 bcs of titan gates down but that's just a theory, missing the option of making galaxy smaller/bigger)- End-game weapons are OP, sawblades, chainsaw beam, mass driver, these weapons means victory, well, they need to be well used but mass drvier is realy victory time, have one, break shields, kill enemy. (but theya re extremaly rare)- AI's can't realy do all what player can, well, they can set bounties, bombard, attack, raid, it seems like everything, but they can't kill bandits base, they are stupid enough to fight zombies alone or strong bandits (at start of the game) and they can't ram players while player can ram them which sometimes means... fatality, raming does massive damage if aimed correctly.That's all of the bad things, realy liking this game and other than this can't find more. Let's start the good ones shall we.""Pros""- Best space battle simulator on Steam. How many games had idea of shreding enemies part by part, removing their engines, weapons, leaving this floating sub-cores that as much harmful as friendly heavy from TF2? (tho that's sad to fiinish these sub-cores, rly wish would keep them as pets)- Weapons, like in SPAZ 1 have their tasks of taking down shields, armor or hull, thereis no just stupid pure dps like most games.- Strike craft, these little things are so annoying, but they do the job, we just don't put perks into them, likes manualy attacking but they are realy powerful and behaves like in SPAZ 1 extra ships, just they don't respawn infinitely during battle (which is of course good too, it would be overpowered with respawn)- Perks, there is no skill-tree, don't know if call it good or bad... but random perks makes that every playthro will be different, thou wilt be damage dealer, tank, scavenger, trader or maybe mixed one, time will show when Carl will say Ding!- Dialogues and some extra things like Lore or in space there can be found info ring... with currency symbols, ahah... just find it in battle, but don't shoot it, just read, they have funny currency names.Forgot what else could put here..., just being impatient to go back to game and face expert mode sandbox. Sadly, we wish in sandbox mode would be more settings... dunno to what but just likes customization. Also, Blorf, please give us more cores, 20 or 25 max space for cores, can't fisnih ship, is not ideal... it hurts, not only eyes, but also can't put some parts together by it, make enemies even stronger but gives us cores. Make also masochist difficulty like before, we need to get rekt in 1 shot, we need legendary enemies, finished SPAZ 1 with 200% damage killing boss in less than 5 seconds so com'on. Also from the hot-fix, don't nerf zombos!, we ebaten them on normal without letting them spread further than 3 bases so srsly , noobs, calm down and let Blorf raise up difficulty and if have problems, just go back to novice mode.Thanks for reading, if it makest thou to buy this game or helped to decide if this is the right choice then we will be realy happy for helping devs.EDIT Section:Since this reviev is so long that we are too lazy to read it again and change, will just put here our opinion after that ""long"" time after release.So, did the game get better?, surely yes. In what way?, let's start with imagination, devs put new content into this gameevery 1-2 weeks and big updates every month. What they basicaly do is listen to players feedback, they read everyday what players say and to almost everyone answer.Bandits got buffed, building ship got 2 ways so if someone realy is butthurt then can press RMB to connect parts rather than using beam, they added synergy buffs that is in progress of making the game not only played by stick ship which was the best shape for last months. They gave us tools to buy things from far away, they changed starbases so ally with the same amount of upgrades won't have 40 threat lvl stronger base from nowwhere, they fixed tons of bugs that this game is almost flawless untill they add something new in which will be something, but for now... game is clear.For SPAZ 1 butthurts, no, this game is not like SPAZ 1, this is continuation, not SPAZ 1.5, battles are in 3D, map is different, acutaly need to watch movement, there is no insta jumps between stars or regions, just get used to it, this game is not worse, this game is different, and in our opinion this is better version that before, the only thing we miss are some weapons that does not exist here (but here are also weapons that didn't exist there so something for something)."
76561198014670961,Not Recommended,252470,23047609,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Grey,"would i recommend spaz 2 as it is now ?the answer is no...keep in mind that i have only play it for two hours And it is and early acces game.anyways -> why i wont recommned.why?1. everything i liked about spaz 1, has been replaced, removed.2. space battles are slow, cumbersome, dumbed down with controls that leave you scowling.your mothership is essentially your battleship, the smaller ships are now useless little flies you have little to no control over.3. ships customization has been replaced with a mothership only modular block building mode.4. resource gathering has been removed, now bases autogather for you.5. the level up system from spaz has been replaced with a simplyfied version, where you pick one of three things when you level up.now keep in mind that im not saying spaz 2 is a bad game.but if you, like me, came expecting spaz 1, you will be dissapointed.like i said, i only played for two hours, if you think some of my points a wrong, feel free to correct me."
,Recommended,252470,27217627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ultrashotpull,"Got a ship with 100 combat powerFought an enemy ship with 70They had mass bombs, regular bombs and ion bombsI had no point defense10/10 would underestimate the enemy again"
,Recommended,252470,23082810,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rannoch,"This is the first review I've ever left on Steam.Even as an early access title, SPAZ2 feels nearly feature complete. I haven't quite finished the game, but in my 13+ hours I haven't run into a single crash or game breaking bug. Easily worth the price of entry if you were a fan of the original SPAZ, or other action space games like Rebel Galaxy.Make sure to change your control scheme in the option to Relative Controls. The default settings are a bit tricky.The game is a bit challenging initially. I highly suggest making it over the first hump, you'll find it really takes off from there. The dev's have acknowledged this and are looking to streamline the difficulty curve.The developers are very active with the community, soliciting feedback and suggestions on how to improve their game. You can really tell this is a labor of love, and I can't recommend it enough."
76561197990687830,Recommended,252470,23103178,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,David P,I love this game. I waited for 3 years for it and it's everything I thought it would be.Replayability is through the roof.  Do yourself a favor and buy it now.
,Recommended,252470,23129253,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Merdball,"This is not a ""proper"" sequel, which is definitely a disappointment, but for me, at least, it's still a pretty fun game.Update: After 60+ hours and watching countless updates, this game has really turned into something special.  Yes, it's still missing some of the fun things about the original, but it's also got some really great new game elements the original didn't have, and it's a lot less grindy, so to speak.  I strongly recommend this; just don't go assuming it'll be ""SPAZ1 with some extras""."
,Recommended,252470,26186555,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Zeedicus,Really good for an Early Access. can't wait for more
76561198040697897,Recommended,252470,23082777,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Boondoggle,"This game is not a direct sequel to SPAZ 1 in the sense of gameplay or mechanics, rather it takes a new spin on the game making it 3D with more emphasis on map control and battling factions/zombies, which by the way is extremely well done.I love this game so far and am nearly finished with the main campaign, There are still some improvements to be made, (progression for one thing tends to drag at certain points) but the singleplayer is definitely complete so you won't be buying a completely broken unfinished game like other early access titles (they developed this for over 2 years and the quality shows!).I highly reccomend this game for fans of the first, fans of RTS, space combat, and fans of empire building which is my favorite feature."
,Recommended,252470,24984487,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,tetrasodium,fun game
76561198014946264,Recommended,252470,25848911,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,The Old Man,"It is decent for being Early Access. The campaign was short but fun, the sandbox mode doesn't differ much from campaign mode. Worth $10."
,Recommended,252470,25853395,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Garbo,"I am enjoying this SPAZ2 so far. It is still in early access, and needs a bit of work, but it has great potiential. Most of the space battles degrade into (a bit simplistic) capital ship style dogfighting(?) which I rather enjoy (Rebel Galaxy, Starfleet Command etc).What would I like to see? More tool tips, a more intuitive ""is this weapon better than the one I have"" interface, discrete shield quadrants (or option for it, not all players would like this).Don't come in simply expecting more SPAZ1. This is more of a spiritual successor, taking the game in a different direction.Keep up the good work devs! I will be playing this through till the end."
76561198073019611,Recommended,252470,26028575,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ZedAche,"It's still a work in porgress, but it's pretty good. It's not perfect but it is an early release and updates are coming out fast. It is well worth a play. I like it a lot. It's an innovative game. The devs really have their finger on the pulse of their players. They are very active and resonsive on both social networking and forums."
76561198041553585,Recommended,252470,29249271,Posted: 14 January,all,roslolian,"Well first off all let me start by saying this game isn't for everyone. SPAZ 1 was basically a modern version of asteroids+all the 2d space games old people loved back in the day. This could've been called an entirely different name because although the story and setting are the same, the mechanics are really different. Instead of a 2D grid looking at your ship from the top down you now basically have 3D models and have an elite style gameplay for kids. I say ""for kids"" because unlike Elite or similar games where you control your ship in a 3D field, here you're all limited to just one plane, it feels a lot like you're piloting tanks on land or ships on water instead of battling in space. While I do think you feel more of a commander in this game than the last, I also find it to be slower and less satisfying than the previous one because all your weapons fire automatically. Combat is also extremely streamlined, so before in Spaz 1 I had to pay attention to different cooldowns of weapons and had to bind groups of weapon into different control groups now I just enter combot and hold the left mouse button on the screen of the enemy, the AI will just fire whichever weapons are in range automatically. So for me it's a wash, the combat system took 1 step forward in some ways but also 1 step backward in others.It's also the same thing in battle mechanics. On one hand this game offers a more sandbox and simulation-like experience than the previous one, you're just one of many captains in the sector and these other captains will remember your actions and either be hostile or friendly to you. Best of all you can establish your own faction and have your own starbases.  On the other hand though I really feel like customization mattered way more in SPAZ 1 and was also easier to do, now though you have more customization options due to how simplistic combat has become I've found it mattered less and is a lot more fiddly to do than in SPAZ 1.One thing which is also the same is the great support from the devs. Although this is still in EA, the single player aspect (which is the core of the game anyway) is already fleshed out while the multiplayer is a nice bonus they're currently working on. All in all I highly recommend this game, look up some gameplay vids in youtube and if it even remotely looks interesting to you I suggest you buy it and give it a shot. The tutorial last like 5-10 mins and the game drops you into the meat of the gameplay fairly quickly, you'll have more than enough time to refund if you find that it's not the game for you."
76561198043295931,Recommended,252470,34565091,Posted: 28 August,all,Mad (Clueless) Scientist,"I am enjoying this game, However it should be said that you should go into the game with an open mind (its...quite...different..from...SPAZ1....to...say...the...least)"
,Recommended,252470,34616657,Posted: 30 August,all,alejmedina87,I love this game and the new vr addition is amazing because you see everything like you where sitting right next to the ship.   great Job guys!
76561197971600520,Recommended,252470,23091825,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Yiiiip YipYipYip,7.5 hours in and I just found the Relative Camera setting. I turned it OFF and the game is 100% better! I was already having fun but this just makes it so much easier to control.I was/am a big fan of the original SPAZ and I've been excited for SPAZ2 for a long time. So far I do not feel let down.Can't wait for Multiplayer!!
,Recommended,252470,23117858,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Moe-Moe-Kyun <3!,"I waited so long for this game and I want to say that this is a hell blast of a ride.The first SPAZ is reminiscent to me as the gameplay is quite the same but with more Upgrades and First-person perspective.*My Review* (Early Access)On the SPAZ, I became quite frustrated on the last mission where you need to gain faction abilities by upgrading the stations and by repelling zombies on the various sectors. It was quite a hellish ride since from that point, the game became quite monotonous. Liberate a sector, upgrade, warp out, defend... rinse and repeat until you meet the minimum requirements. This game (SPAZ 2) however starts off with that frustrating feature. But aside from the negativity, I enjoy myself playing both SPAZ and SPAZ 2.SPAZ 2 is well made and I can feel the dedication the devs put into this game, those 4 years they took really bear a great game which will be remembered for a very long time. The game has a unique feel to it to an extent that I, myself feels like being dragged by a graviton missile, disabling me from exiting the game. The environment is unbelievably amazing, it is a thousand percent improved from the original game, if only I can set the game itself to be my computer's screensaver... *sob*...The battle system is great, it is engaging and there is no time that nothing is happening. I am really glad that there are fail gates which is a better substitute from an enemy moving to the very edge of the map/area which has happened a lot at the original SPAZ which will just force you to Mass Retreat rather then wasting time chasing a tiny hulled ship, but that is aside the point. I love the First Person Mode which has been added, it gives a whole new perspective into the game.The ship customization is BADASS! MixMax games did really a very good job at this. Ohhh... I had wished that I can customize the ship by block on the first SPAZ and this game made that♥♥♥♥♥♥happen.Story-wise, just by reading the Lore, I consider this  game sold to me. It makes the game more depth and enticing. But let us not forget the story, the game itself has a well-written story. It feels like every chapter is the climax, there is no time that there is nothing happening.Oh.... By the way.Just a friendly tip, If you are having a problem from Ships Escaping, I suggest you gaining initiative in heading out to the Fail Gate itself and block the Ship from escaping or if he/she/it (damn.. robots are ""it"" right?) is right infront of the gate. Go and RAAAAAAM!!!!! the sh*t out of it until the green (laser? wave?) thing is gone, but don't get too close to the gate or else you will lose you Strike Forces."
76561197961880768,Recommended,252470,23121582,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,aonomus,"Played the original SPAZ back in the day and this certainly ups the ante. The customization of the mothership as the primary combat vehicle is nice.The game definitely accelerates in the 2nd and 3rd chapter. Once you control territory there is less grinding for resources, and more fun combat. Absolutely worth purchasing, and I'm looking forward to multiplayer."
76561198153631719,Recommended,252470,26207280,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,snl77,"WARNING: Highly addictive!In the span of a three day weekend I spent over 20 hours playing this game. I even went to an amusement park one of those days.About the game. It is early access but it is 100% playable. The voices are synthasized which is kinda cool and fun to be honest but does get old. They plan on getting voice actors before release. Some of the menues could have a smoother flow. For instance I cant give another captian tribute and then return to the main captian interface to interact with him again. Minor issue.A lot of playability, You can lay out your ship from the ground up. So you can change the style of your ship to suite your style or mood. Go accross the Galaxy finding the best core to mesh with the best wings and engines.It is just afun game for me. For my 20$ for early access purchase I got more than my monesys worth."
76561197979126402,Recommended,252470,26500791,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ameisenfutter,"Spaz2 is a great game and a good progression from Spaz1. I like the modular building system, it's a lot of fun to come up with new ship designs and different weapon loadouts. The lore's a little too ""crazy"" or ""funny for my personal taste, but even after completing the game I still come back every few days to fight some battles or manage my faction. If you like space games, this if you you, as long as you don't expect a highly tactical real-time strategy game experience."
76561198008859527,Recommended,252470,30111837,Posted: 22 February,all,asmanwoks,The devs are wonderful. This is my kind of game. Love it.
76561197962065668,Recommended,252470,31305778,Posted: 22 April,all,Mako,"Substantially different than SPAZ1, a great little game in it's own right."
76561197971019068,Recommended,252470,34579592,Posted: 29 August,all,gapper4,"Excellent VR implementation, good graphics, and fun gameplay (if a bit repetitive after a while) make this game well worth its full price. The VR implementation, in particular, deserves a double shout-out, as it is good enough to pass for native."
76561197974685120,Recommended,252470,23084761,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rivet,"Currently a solid bare bones with a few layers of flesh, some of it rotting but it all looks good.SPAZ2 picks up the story and theme from the first game but differs in many mechanical ways, we're now looking at a full open simulation of factioned rivalry much akin to mount'n'blade, where an organic interplay of systems drive change and evolution in seamless sectored space. A couple of hundred captains of which you are among, take fair stab at gaining political and millitary power, but their traits, memory and knowledge of the universe around them may send them down one of many paths.Game focus switches between engaging realtime battles and the fractured politics of the starmap where grander strategic plans are acted out. This is where most of the dynamic♥♥♥♥♥♥happens as captains and factions develop amid the web of systems. you'll want to gain a tuned awareness of the ecosystem you're in to get the most out of SPAZ2, that may be hard with the current lack of informational feedback on various details but there's a good chance that'll get sorted.It lacks a few features and changes that the excellent devs are discussing with the community, but it's more than playable right now.Well worth picking up in the current state, just remember to configure and use your weapon groups after getting the hang of basics!"
,Recommended,252470,23118619,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Elazar_DE,I finished the campaign and really liked it. It starts very slow but it gets good later. Since it is an early access game I am looking forward to improvements. There are definitely things that could be better.Compared to SPAZ1 I agree. It plays different. I would like to see a larger galaxy but I am glad all the grinding for resources is gone.
,Recommended,252470,25829292,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Furian Ku Yuni,"The game has come a long way since it first became a public alpha, it has a ways to go still, but it won't ever be terrible, I've enjoyed it, and even beaten the campain and let me tell you that ending was a hell of a thrill."
76561198074070512,Recommended,252470,30113868,Posted: 22 February,all,CrismonFlare,good relaxing game simple but fun
76561198042137524,Recommended,252470,23048422,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Starschulz / Cypher,"The updates since release have put some great depth into building your mothership, and the strike craft changes have made the game feel just a bit more like the original.Battle wagon mode ACTIVATED"
,Recommended,252470,23083111,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Cujo,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game!  As can be expected, there are a few things that personally I would like to see added; but don't let that stop you from getting this game.  These devs are not like the usual early access people. These guys will put out a finished product in a timely manner.10/10Disclaimer: I don't know if I can edit this later and add more details. But if I can I will!"
76561198064344018,Recommended,252470,23099779,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,IT'S HAPPENING,"All in all i give this Game a thumbs upit IS early access and while core game elements are there, there is tweaking that needs to be done. Luckily the devs are super active with the community and with time this will be a polished gem.Biggest surprise for me was that by now i really like the 3d view. At first i was taken aback and mostly used the 2d top down view (the game lets you switch freely) but with time i got more used to it and now it's my ""cinematic mode"" where stuff looks cooler and explosions are prettier.It's not SPAZ 1 obviously. SPAZ 2 is its own game, but i think it's a worthy successor which i come to like more the more i play it and which will get even better with added developmentHope this helps some to decide. I'm not super good at reviews :D"
76561197970972716,Recommended,252470,23100591,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jirock,"So, I've played SPAZ for 62 hours (felt like more) and SPAZ 2 for 16.2 (just finished the story, felt like less time though.I loved SPAZ, a simple game where the more grind you put in, the more you got out, simple (seemingly) mechanics meant for a lot of fun, collecting the different ships, weapons, techs becoming more and more powerful and so on.If you expect SPAZ 2 to be just a brand new SPAZ, don't buy it, yet. While 2 looks a lot nicer in everyway, I found it to be disappointing in comparison to the original.So why do I recommend it? Because SPAZ 2 is still enjoyable, just not as much as the original, which was a lot of fun.Pros of SPAZ 2:-Looks awesome.-Battles are more fun to take part in, more tactics involved.-Changing your ship on-the-fly, if there are bits floating around.-Story is ok. Meh. It's funny. To be honest the storyline was never a big thing for me in this or the first, it's ok though.Cons of SPAZ 2 (I havn't done sandbox mode yet, so some of these may be my lack of knowledge of the game):-Rez. Flying around eats rez, a lot of rez (may be the amount of stuff in my inventory?) which makes traveling around quite a pain, as you're reduced to slow speed most of the time.-Inventory system. While being able to change on-the-fly is good, it should be a damn sight easier and pain free when you are doing it out of combat. While your parts are sort of nicely organised, it quickly becomes a pain if you collect too many.-Simplicity. Ok, this may be a comparision to the original, but it's my feeling. In the original you could have a number of random timed events you could take part in, not so here, in the original you built up from a small ship to a massive one, not here (ok, you start off with less cores, but when you consider you started in somthing smaller than your current strike craft, the size difference is not that much.) In the original you had to plan where you spent skills, so you would buy weapons etc to become highly specialsed in your ships, here, it doesn't really matter.-Items. It becomes quite a pain later in the game trying to find the ship parts you want, my base at a threat level of 70+ and a major trade hub never got better than 2 star stuff, and rarely any good, which ment I would have to travel everywhere to find the good stuff.-Zombies. Yeah, not really dangerous once I actually started fighting them (good planning partly), but it became a pain trying to wipe them out. They would respawn quicker than kill them all, and my guys weren't all that bothered defending their stations.-Needs more than 4 mother ships in battle. Seriously, late game, big battles would be so much better. You lose a lot of tactics as you either have to kite because you are out numbered, charge in when you outnumber them, or can charge right in when even, as they aren't much of a threat =/All in all an enjoyable game, which is certainly on track to being an excellent sequel (in large part as the devs are active in the discussion), but as of yet, has some way to go. But it's early access, which gives me hope!"
,Recommended,252470,23100748,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bushido Bush,"This is the kind of game that I sit down to play it at around 2 pm, look up and now its 6 am and I am really hungry.Will put a more in depth review when I finish the main campaign."
,Recommended,252470,23154798,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,noroimusha,"must kill to get more cores, have cores make ship bigger must kill more.warning will consume lot of time"
76561198203795260,Recommended,252470,24820514,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,m.mill3085,cool game
76561197971863540,Recommended,252470,25746726,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ebanuel,"Just played for 2 hours, but what i can say for now, that it is an improvement over the first one in my regard (which i loved).No more grinding around mining stations, and the dynamic space map could be the big plus here!Feels good, thanks devs!"
76561198011385864,Recommended,252470,25831024,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CENSURED,"A good balance of economical strategy and space battles; although the game feels ""good"" in these aspects, it falls short from great in all of them. The space battles suggest that you can use the environment to your advantage but unfortunately the enviroment has little effect on enemys (using gravity beam to throw an EMP barrel on the enemy shields might take the shields down 5-10%.) Because of this, the enviroment is just clutter on the screen that hurts performance- a graphic setting that can not be shut off.It takes about 10 mins to explorer the entire campagin map. - however the game does captivate pretty well and it is fun but the longevity of that is limited. I recommend buying it on sale but not at full price."
76561198028096440,Recommended,252470,25922590,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Timi,"""Go get yourself a coffee, I got this."""
76561198001933760,Recommended,252470,26012626,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,drexenus,I have played SPAZ 1 and it was amazing. SPAZ 2 is a different type of game but I like it even more than the first since I really enjoy FPS style space battles. 10/10 This is the best game I have played since WoW.
,Recommended,252470,23717299,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,iamacar,"So now that ive beaten the game and so much has happend to this once simple fun game its time for another review...i find this is one of my favorite games to play, but... if i could make a sugestion it would be that you make haste and allocate this data at once"
76561197962153015,Recommended,252470,25955651,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LinkExe :),Rocks explode.10/10
,Recommended,252470,26631469,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Preyhamster,SPAZ2 is another installment of the series that teaches us that no problem in space cant be solved with utterly overwhelming firepower.10/10 would use a bajillion drones again.
,Recommended,252470,35216612,Posted: 25 September,all,KiLLaZ_Inc,Differnet from SPAZ 1 the Classic. Very well done though.
76561198097729622,Recommended,252470,23116781,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zealous,"Another great showing from the duo at minmax.More of a spiritual sequel to the original the devs wanted to switch things up and came up with another cool and unique game. It is early access so it's definitely not perfect, but very fun for what it has. At any given time there is a lot going on and the game needs more clarity in terms of function of items, composition of ships, controls, actual damage output of various things, simpler way to check ship and part health (maybe a paused tactical view like the first one?), and better control of your faction (the bounty system is good but insufficient).Having said all that, the core gameplay is here and it's fun. I wouldn't expect much more than that from Early Access. The game needs polish and the devs are very aware of this, considering how active they are and the great work they did with the original I have no doubt they are dedicated and will end up with an amazing game.I am enjoying it and wil continue to enjoy it while it goes through early access development. More power to you MinMax!"
76561198020257515,Recommended,252470,23128143,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,zombie telemarketer,"Please take the negative reviews with a grain of salt. This is still an alpha, afterall.A lot of people are focusing on features from the original that have either been replaced or are missing. But I feel that this game improves on what the original lacked - the galaxy feels more alive. The infection is more dangerous and virulent. Tangling with it is a real challenge. Enemies factions and captains can get destroyed or killed by the infection, leading to some real ""Oh $@%^"" moments.There are over 100 unique AI captains who have their own opinions about you. You can recruit them, make nemeses out of them (and they'll put a bounty on your head, or hunt you down),  and captains you recruit then can be infected and turned against you, et c. The game feels more interactive overall. The galaxy slowly evolves. Factions lose and gain territory and fight each other. Captains level up and get stronger with or without your interference. Same goes for factions. Once you found your own, the pace picks up and the feel of the game changes a bit. Combat starts off a bit slow, however, but I like it. It speeds up later and, while it feels and looks a bit different, it's still good old SPAZ at its heart.And some people don't like the new combat. They don't like that the engagements have fewer ships. That's understandable. It was fun when things got crazy in the original.But that all changes as you progress through the game. As you level up, you get more strikecraft (smaller ships to assist you), and so do enemies. When you go to war with factions, or make a lot of enemies, battles can get big, I've had some 3 v 3 engagements; that's 6 motherships in the fray plus 4 strikecraft for each mothership. The battles start off small and slow. As the game progresses, things get more hectic. Ships become replete with weapons as most parts have weaponry attached, and the interstellar battlefield is painted with explosions and bright colors. Things do get to that fun, chaotic level. It just takes some persistence. Witnessing that slow evolution keeps things interesting.Also, you can revert to the old top-down view if you like.This is also a pretty game, and for its bright, colorful personality, it still runs well. It seems to me like an excellent job was done with optimization.But on top of that all, this is still an alpha!There's so much that will be fixed, polished, revamped or added. Yet it already feels very polished in its own right.And lastly, this game is less expensive than other early access games. No harm in trying; steam does refunds now, so if you really don't like it, get your money back, but I have a feeling you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,252470,23148017,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kensei,"TLDR: Buy the damn game to support the devs. It's not perfect, but it's good, way better than 95% of EA titles at the moment.*Here be the review*After finishing the game, here's my short verdict: It's better than SPAZ 2 in theory, but some things are still missing, which is understandable. Some things are more convenient, others are questionable. For example, time moves only when you act, but scavenging/building takes so much time that by the end you end up losing 1 or 2 sectors just by the time you pick up what you earned.Speaking of sectors, the map is way smaller, which isn't really a problem, unless you're into that 1000 systems crap. There is a lack of notification as of now, so you don't really know when one of your bases is getting attacked, but I'm sure this will be changed in the future.The bigger lettdown are the weapons at the moment. A lack of variety isn't unexpected, however the acquisition of weapons is extremely hit and miss. See, every faction have their own parts, but they all do the same thing. Example being the Red guys have lasers that look like wardrobes, while the blue guys made them look like a science experiment. However, the chances of you finding the right part AND the right shape are very low, so at the end of the game you;re simply forced into flying around the verse looking for that weapon, or simply idleing around your capitol waiting to be restocked. If not, you risk having your ship look like a franeknstein monster of asymetrical stuff. Sure, it owns in combat, but you gotta look good doin it amirite?Combat is way slower by the way. I dig the ability to let the AI shoot while all you have to do is pilot. It also relieves control automatically for you to shoot particular targets like engines and such. All in all a very well thought out addition, though the ease of use of it does make it kind of boring. It's a pity you have to select weapon groups to fire instead of having different buttons mapped to let's say missle fire. This usually leads to a ""just let the ai manage firing patterns"" solution, which while effective is undoubtadely boring.Speaking of capitols, it's pretty cool that you can make your own faction, but some things I can't understand. For instace, you can own all the bases and suffer penalties, or delegate them to other captians, which frankly do a much better job of maintaining the place anyway. When 2 adjasent zones are owned by you, they form a supply line. Now you would naturally think that you'd have access to all the weapons throughout your empire in your capitol right? Nope. I honestly don't even think these supply lines do anything at all, aside from reseting the stock ever minute or so.Anyway, that's all."
,Recommended,252470,23148567,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jobama,<3
,Recommended,252470,23149005,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mr.Badim,"It is a 10 hour kind of game. No replay-ability at all. There is nothing to beat again - you get same perks every time, you will build same ship everytime.There is only one-layout to to win this game - only one rational way to build your ship - by using stuff that you salvaged from others or just going for 'spear' design.Most useful 'trick' - throwing space stuff with your mothercare-graviton-beam. And only one way to beat some hard battles and to keep your ship intact during hard battles. So you will have to master it.I loved story - but mostly trolling upon leveling ship - kudos for that =)But I did not found it funny when my allies/fleet didnt joined last battle - if I knew that, I could saved that couple hours.PS - I played 150+ hours to SPAZ and got all achievements there."
76561197961265242,Recommended,252470,25440955,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Never,Great game.
76561198034386704,Recommended,252470,26063453,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Scharfschütze,This game is very different from SPAZ 1 and yet it is still awesome!!
76561198122573695,Recommended,252470,34506805,Posted: 26 August,all,mephi,great game
,Recommended,252470,23188021,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Willy D. Longpong,"The wait is over. Early Access it may be, but the ""Story"" is entirely playable and EA is just for tuning, tweaking and adding Multiplayer. It's radically different from SPAZ in most things but tone and premise. The devs are of the ultra-cool variety and this will just keep getting better."
76561198129650275,Recommended,252470,23128221,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"[Online hours do not and will not reflect hours also played offline](current offline hours at the time of review: 10~ hours)If you’re expecting gameplay exactly like the first SPAZ, you’ll be a little disappointed.  So if you do get SPAZ 2, try not to *puts on sunglasses and alahu akbars into the sun* SPAZ OUT.  AWWWWWWW YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Okay, I’m done.So far most, if not all my hours played of SPAZ2 have been offline as I have no internet access so like a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have to go jack someone else’s (usually friends.  True story).  At the time of this review, I should mention that I have not played the first SPAZ but had an interest in it.  Thus it seems pretty strange I have the sequel but never played the original.  Having no bias for the first game, here’s my review.[GRAPHICS]Graphically this game is GORGEOUS.  Most of the game is traversed in a top-down, 2D format as you trek across the galaxy, or at least a small portion of space, which is huge.  Massively huge.  Infinitely huge.  But when you do get to play the game in third person (or top down like the first one, according to screenshots) the game is brilliant.  It’s like TRON, Black Ice, and the biggest star in the visible curve of space all had a threesome and out popped the graphics engine the game runs on.  The beauty is mostly in the lighting and the cool glowy things that bring you back to your days wondering what the hell all the blinky things in Star Trek were before you realized they were probably just gummy candies smushed on top of super-heated light bulbs.  The ship models are wonderful and it’s nice to see a game that has visible polygons for once.  I like my games that look like games and not some kind of life simulation with dinosaurs and mutated looking humans.  All the pilot’s pictures are all hand-drawn and remind me of old 90’s games that had a similar art style.  It feels very reminiscent of those kind of games and it brings me back.[SOUND/MUSIC]The captain chatter gets a little old but this is an rpg we’re talking about.  However, the soundtrack gets pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome sometimes with all of its swells and massive musical numbers.  Despite that the soundtrack repeats, I love it.  It feels very open and like you’re traversing space, trying to survive like it’s the 1800s.  You have the pirates or freelance captains, all the fighting factions and zombies.  I suppose this game isn’t called “Space Pirates and Zombies 2” for nothing.  The engine and weapon sounds are nice enough to listen to but not necessarily bad.[GAMEPLAY]The gameplay plays a lot like the 2004 re-make of Sid Meier’s pirates, it really does.  After getting settled into the 2D/3D views of SPAZ2, I felt quite at home with how the game played.  You essentially do the same things and can do the same things, only in space and you can customize your ship any freaking way you like.Speaking of customization – ever wanted a ship that was a giant straight line?  Do that.  Ever wanted to make a ship that looked like an S finger ♥♥♥♥ed an 8-bit video game?  Yes, you can do that.  Ever wanted a ship that had no discernable shape but was nothing but weapons?  Do that.  It’s all up to you, pal.  Or in case you’re so inclined, just make your ship look like a giant running shoe and you’ll be all set.The actual combat in SPAZ2 is interesting but it isn’t terrible.  For me, I’m a crossbred gamer between “arcade” space games of various titles and “simulator” space games like Elite: Dangerous.  The flying around in your little battle zone like fight club is fluid.  But you can only fly sideways or rotate just slightly, kind of driving a car, only in space.  It would be nice to be able to control the pitch of your ship as well and pull off some pretty slick moves.  If it gets added later, that’s cool.  I find it’s not that big of a hit to my review of the game but it is something that I’ve gotten accustomed to in my measly 21 years of playing video games.Trading; every faction and every captain in space can be traded with, killed, fought, etc. and each faction has a certain specialty and they’ll trade primarily in those kinds of parts.  For example: one faction might be really into engines, so you’ll find mostly engine parts; others might be super into wings.  On top of trading and parts, there is an economy (kind of) that loves to rip you off if you’re not careful with where you buy from.  It’s like the fight between Target and Walmart.  “Well, Target has a really good t-shirt I like, but Walmart’s is cheaper…”, only the miles between the Target and Walmart to one space station to the next is astronomically different.The last little bit is faction reputation.  I know a lot of gamers have played games that involve faction reputation.  Off the top of my head, Fallout NV and Fallout 4 are two that I think of immediately.  Are there factions?  Yes.  But do all of them mesh like a world that’s constantly changing?  No.  SPAZ2 tries to emulate warring factions whose reputations with each other change damn near on a dime.  What you do with each faction can change how which factions feels about you.  If you steal or kill a pilot controlling a certain faction’s space station, some will feel good about you, others will not.  If you want to be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that kills on sight, well you’re kind of screwed – pilots can be a threat and if you challenge someone that’s tougher than you, I hope your engines are faster than theirs are.A thing I was recently unaware of was bounties. ♥♥♥♥♥♥off enough captains, you can have a bounty set on your head and people will come after you.  You better hope you have more Rez than they do in order to outrun them otherwise you’re pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed.  Not only that, but you can set bounties to have other captains do your dirty work, or even vice versa.  I haven’t successfully completed any bounties because I currently have half the ♥♥♥♥ing galaxy after my♥♥♥♥♥… god damn Sun worshipers.Too long; didn’t read…Pros:+ Graphics are very pretty.  Lots of lights and things to look at+Hand-drawn captain portraits+ gameplay is fun if you try not to be biased from the original SPAZ gameplay+ DO WHAT YOU WANT CAUSE A PIRATE IS FREE, YOUUUU ARE A PIRATEEEEE+ ♥♥♥♥ up everyone’s day – then get ♥♥♥♥ed yourself+ Economy that changes+ If you’re nice to a faction and join them, other captains will come help you out.  Yay friendship!+ YOHO FLIBBERDYGY BEING A PIRATE IS ALRIGHT TO BECons:- Starting out can be difficult but this isn’t a huge con for me.  You gotta really work hard for your ship and your crew.  Steal♥♥♥♥♥♥from everyone if you have to.- If you don’t read the tutorials, have fun figuring♥♥♥♥♥♥out!- Firing your weapons when most of them are automatic can be a little confusing; again, not a huge loss or con10/10: Would condone piracy again.  This message has been brought to you by Ricin the Pirate Wolf © 2016"
,Recommended,252470,23050029,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"Rebel Galaxy mixed with Captain Forever Space Remix. Solid game with A LOT of potential. Already has a full campaign and sandbox mode.Update: If you are worried about the Dev's being serious about the game, because I know some people don't trust Early Access games, you can rest assured that they are serious. They have released 6 updates in the first 3 days of launch. That is commitment folks."
,Recommended,252470,23091240,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[VA]Lain-Core,"Great game! Get's better several times a day!While not a direct sequel to SPAZ it's got all the parts! Enjoyed my first playthrough of the story.If you're having difficulty with the story.. in whatever mode.. then don't rush the objectives! I'm methodical. I managed to make it to threat level 100 before taking on 9000. This made most encounters a bit too easy later on but.. I kind of expected that. If i want more of a challenge, i'll rush more or raise the difficulty. Working on Sandbox now and enjoying it as well!10/10 Would kill zombies in space again."
76561198117583030,Recommended,252470,24179285,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bytheriverbank2,"played and completed story arc and sandbox- have a threat 245 ship, which was fun to put together and hunt upgrades for. Combat is bright, fun and intuitive. All around good game."
,Recommended,252470,25729441,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,dylfin,"Finished ^_^. Good game, but a bit easy for me. Very good dialogs, and black humor. Very good ship editor, it allows to place spare parts and replace them with right mouse button. This methos is fast. And there is a second method with CTRL key. I used them both. Wide selection of ship parts and configuration forms for mothership. But I'm stick to one simple line.But I'm never used some types of weapons, espesially close combat types, because in many battles you should keep distance to be alive. Final battle was fanny ^_^."
,Recommended,252470,29984242,Posted: 17 February,all,Fishy,"Lets clear something up to all the cry babys out there complaining about the multiplayer. The devs of spaz have contacted steam to increase the 2 week refund limit so as long as you were honestly in this for the multiplayer and didnt play more than 2 hours since you were obviously buying the game just to support them to get to the multiplayer functionality then you should be getting a full refund. A FULL REFUND (when steam oks this), be thankful. Its not your due its them going out of their way to make up for a mistake.I have to give big cudos to the devs for at least caring enough about their words to us that they are trying to give back since they were unable to deliver *cough* elite dangerous *cough*. Based on their notes they have spent at least 4 weeks trying to implement this and came to the decisions of spend more time and possibly run into more dead ends on something that most of the games pop dosn't care about (based on games forums) or continue on and make the game better as a whole.yes im disappointed but i'm also impressed they attempted to do what they could to right this wrong. people forget this is an early access game, and for once need to read the big *** note beside the buy button on the store page""This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""So please if you rate any game rate it responsively. Thank you"
,Recommended,252470,33543598,Posted: 14 July,all,CaptainRAVE,"I love this game. Sure, it is different to the first, but equally as enjoyable. I find that hours fly by without me noticing. It is encouraging to see the dev team actively supporting this and many of the current issues can be easily balanced. A must buy if you enjoy this type of game."
,Not Recommended,252470,35145748,Posted: 22 September,all,UpTide,"I've put many hours into this trying to have fun, overall it was OKAY but I would have rather played something else looking back on it. I'll sum up my experience so far:+ You build a custom spaceship from pieces you find or buy.+ You get your own space empire.-Enemies get weird advantages that the player can't get. Such as having many very expensive children ships, or changing altitude to fire over/under eachother.-There is no way to organize and define objectives for your empire. It's just there.- There is no blueprint or other handy way to compare parts or customize your ship. Every piece's stats must be compared by hand and must be placed by hand.- As you level so do the enemies so the difficulty never changes. Get a good build from the limited parts you could find? Cool, now all the enemies are that much stronger; the edge lasts for about 1 or 2 fights.Things that are probably not a problem, but they bother me:- Enemies like to zerg; 1 v 3 happens all the time, and because everyone is the same strength this leads to needing to use tactics like 'run away from enemy while shooting behind me until it's a fair fight'- Quick save is nice, but also annoying. I have to use it way too much.- Children ships are stronger than capital ships. They are harder, better, faster, and stronger (because there's about 6 of them for each capital ship, and they keep coming).What I would really like to see in the game:+ Trade delegate that can buy/sell/collect remotely.+ The raids mean something.+ There was a way to blockade a station.+ There was some way to keep ally units from suiciding into stations.+ 3+ star parts could be found in stations.+ Some way for all the dozens of items I salvage to be put up for sale in my station so I can get money for them."
76561197979424463,Recommended,252470,23153074,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Diesparillion,"I'm torn between my love of trekking around the cosmos, causing trouble, looking for upgrade parts for my space ship and just wanting to find that part I'm looking for.  I'd love being able to make finding that last little hard to find part easier, maybe a crafting station?Love the space battles, very satisfying.  I really enjoy the tactical flexibility you designed into the game.  Explosions and laser fire streaking across space makes me happy.  I'd love to be able to engage in even bigger space battles with more ships, maybe an unlockable thingy for end game that allows more ships to battle at the same time?Two thumbs up, love it!"
,Recommended,252470,23158371,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Is Pepsi Okay?,"I would highly recommend this game if you enjoyed the first in the series, but don't expect more of the same thing like most sequels do.  The game adds so many new elements that I almost forgot it was a sequel; Incredible mothership customization, competition with 199 other Space captains, and a whole dynamic global economy all combine into the best early access game I've played, not to mention the constant gorgeous sceneryAdmittedly the first 10 levels were dull since each space captain, including you, needs time to develop to a point where allies have been made, and backs have been stabbed, and at that point the game really starts to shine.Oh and you can hurl every ounce of space rock and toxic waste within the reach of your mighty tractor beam at your helpless opponents, and ram into their engines when they attempt to flee, thanks to the physics engine."
,Recommended,252470,23302714,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kassar,"Love the sandbox mode, It struck precisely at the vibe i was looking for. Thank you devs."
76561197978332753,Recommended,252470,23155288,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,alcimedes,"Just finished my first playthrough of the game.Things that I really liked:I like the various captains, and to me the mystery of the parts that you're going to get made for some of the fun.The ship builder was fun to play around with, and I ended up trying out three very different builds before finding one that worked for me.Things that I'd like to see some tweaks to:The following were bits that I felt distracted from the overall fun of the game, and if they could be tweaked I think would remove a layer of tedium.1.  Ship parts.  I really, really wish there were a way to just swap out a single part from the ship builder screen.  I just read that you can essentially accomplish this during the ""Trade"" funtion with bases by trading out the part you want to swap, but it would be nice if you could just swap two cores with each other during the ship building screen without having to remove all the attached parts.2.  Ship builds.  Would it be possible to add the ability to 'remember' a certain number of previous ship builds, or at least core layouts?  There were times I would have been tempted to try out a part for a fight or two, but it wasn't worth rebuilding the entire mothership to give the part a try.  If I could quickly swap between core layouts, it might mitigate that.3.  Infections.  Late in the game, those get pretty viscious.  There were quite a few fights that I just had to restart after getting hit with a zombie bomb right after shields dropped.  I was toting around 3x as many goons as I was 'supposed' to, and my crew could still barely stay ahead of the infection.  Along the same lines, it would be nice if the 'infection repair' option from the main map could work faster.  Most of the time, once my ship got infected I could not complete an 'infection repair' without getting attacked by other zombie ships while trying to clear the infection out.  It led to eventul death with no possible escape.  That or an option to clear the infection out while you're in a fight, maybe take a hit to weapon fire/shield recharge rates, or have some kind of ""infection killing"" boost you could fire off to give your goons a short advantage?4. Death penalty.  The death penalty for players is harsh.  The death penalty for computer players seems to consist of the time it takes their escape pod to reach the nearest starbase, at which point they're back out there and ready to go.  It would be nice if they could at least require some sort of real time to rebuild in game.  Towards the end, if there are enough zombie captains, they'd basically have a stream of their captain's escape pods heading to the nearest base, while another stream of recently recovered captains were heading back out to fight me again.5.  Battles:  Not sure if it would be possible, but it would be nice if the battle fields could get a bit larger, both in how many participants there are, and the actual size of the battle field.  Everyone starts closely enough together at the beginning that in a full battle, everyone is clashing within 10 seconds or less.  If things were spread a bit further apart, it might make a clear target who's left alone, or an ally that you're going to have to rush to help before they get crushed.  I also was disappointed to find that many of the battles I wanted to join were already full, with multiple ships from the other side taking out my ally, but I know if I could have joined in they'd have a chance.  Not sure if it would work, but maybe reserve a spot for the human player in battles to always join in?Overall, the game was a lot of fun.  It's a fun space strategy/shooter.  Probably the most impressive Early Release I've ever played."
,Recommended,252470,29775268,Posted: 7 February,all,ChanceMoth,"This is a great foundation upon which even more seems to be coming. There is nothing quite like this on the market, and there is room for even more novelty within the game.If you are having trouble in combat, as it seems almost all of the negative reviewers are, just press the '1' key. This will allow all of your weapons to engage at will on preferred targets. Then just fly around and blow stuff up.The only problem I've seen so far are the mining missions; they are the greatest source of income from the least exciting part of the game.Also, start at least one game at max level.  It's more fun designing a ship with 40 parts than one with 10, and battles can get quite impressive with hundreds of drones and missiles and strike craft.Hopefully MinMax keeps up the good work."
,Not Recommended,252470,23045744,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,LOG3,"I came from SPAZ1 which I loved and I was disappointed with SPAZ2.In hindsight I would wish for a game that was build with the SPAZ1 engine and be as much arcady as SPAZ1 was.To be fair I try to rate it wihtout comparing it to SPAZ1.---I liked that it runs good and with no bugs/crashes so far, the game and the mechanics work so far.What I disliked the most so far were combat and ship design.combat:I don't really see the impact of reloading. All it does is slow the combat down. Whenever you have to reload you fly away.The enemy stops shooting when you are out of range so its hard to ""bait"" him into reloading. I get that the shiled boost uses the same ""power"" as the weapons system, but I think no reload and another malus for boosting shields would add to better combat and flow. You have the choice of aiming for yourself or let the AI aim and shoot for you, both modes don't feel rewarding. The autoaim is too boring since you simply watch and fly your ship, aiming for yourself is too easy unless you really want to snipe that specific part... which so far isn't needed, maybe later in the game I hope.controls:The steering of the ship feels a bit clunky, but they works I think with better parts and emphasis on engines you can make your ship respond better and fly faster. But ther is room for improvement here.Ship customization:I really don't like the way the ship building is made. So far I have only seen 1x1 parts that you can arrange like boxes in a plane to build your ship (even when flying big ships in arena). I think it lacks diversity since I have also not seen plain ""building"" blocks that you could use for more interesting. Every core block has a connection on each side, so ship designs tend to be simple geometric forms like triangles, squares and rectangles or a slight mix. To be honest ships just look ugly.Every weapon has its own range, but I have yet to see range indicators which would help.Starmap/Simulation:I kinda like the starmap and the opportunity it gives you to shape your own adventure but It lacks content or stuff to do.You can either collect ressources/parts/trade or fight. So far its economy or combat. A bit of the usual faction/diplomacy is thrown in, but it all boils down to fighting to manipulate it. I wish there would be more exciting things, maybe random events, some kind of science tree or other actions like sabotaging, stealthing, spying, missions. So far I know you can occupy starbaes but you can't rally build stuff. It needs to be fleshed out more.So far I can't recommend the game. For what it is and for what is was designed to be I think its not a bad game.It just too rough around the edges and needs more work, fresh ideas. PPersonally the concept and underlying design decisions aren't as fun as I have imagined.I hope to see it grow into something bigger and will continue to watch it.Would rate it 5/10 so far"
,Recommended,252470,25733560,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[BBG] ak3120,"A worthy successor to SPAZ 1 (Not spiritually, mind you. Game is more of a mixture of Mount and Blade's map with up to 4 capital ship battles)"
,Recommended,252470,28939810,Posted: 2 January,all,Niberung,"SPAZ 2 is better than SPAZ 1 in every way. The battles, the story, the dialogues - everything is just great. The depth of the game is pretty decent, even in early access, and it will certainly be improved towards the final version.Minmax games did a great job on the sequel, 100% worth the wait. A must-buy for any SPAZ 1 fan.Although the very beginning of the campaign is a little confusing..."
,Recommended,252470,23158854,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Weebsbros,"A huge departure from the original, but it was definitly for the better. The new direction of the game is fresh and exciting, and the new elements work well with the old. Worth the $20"
76561198047626581,Not Recommended,252470,35114693,Posted: 21 September,all,Faedorne,"I can't get past the first epic hour of complete failure (my failure to be entertained or gleem any redeeming gameplay) from what I've interfaced with so far) and wondering two things.1) What is going on, what don't I understand? Maybe I missed 20 pages of something?2) The other games I can play that make sense and don't make me feel stupid, like SPAZ 1.Maybe, (yes) I get frustrated easily and... why should tha matter?SPAZ 1 was ""pull out a victory in a fight of overwhelming odds based on your strategy you picked""... I just can't get past insta death all the time and every time, chasing a why am I even here, why do I care?I loved the short, and long winded story for the first game. Eh... What happened?I hope you amass a million loyal SPAZ 2 followers. I'll be back for SPAZ 3 to check on it if it happens. This just isn't for me."
76561198005079603,Recommended,252470,23312329,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"I'm gonna try and keep this review simple 'n' concise, but I'll definitely fail, 'cause as ANYONE who's read my more recent reviews knows, I don't hold back. I'm a long-winded sonuvabïtch!Let me start off by saying that this game is QUITE different from SPAZ 1, or as I prefer to call it these days, SPAZ(ABH). The gameplay, graphics, sound, hell, even weapon balances are completely altered. One of the most notable differences is the complete absence of skills. Instead, they've opted for giving you a selection of (presumably random) perks to pick from every time you level up.I both like and dislike this method, especially if it's random. If it's random, then that may make the game more interesting in the long run, especially when replaying it, but it also makes it a lot more difficult to get a balanced or specialized build going. It's a double-edged ion torpedo, really.However, the absence of skills and the use of perks instead lets you focus on the attributes of the perks, instead of being FORCED to waste, YES WASTE, skill points in a worthless tech tree, JUST to be able to equip a decent turret. YES, I'M LOOKING AT YOU, TURRET TECH TREE IN SPAZ 1. YOU WERE UTTERLY USELESS, AND A COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT TO YOUR MOTHER!Anyway... back on topic. As is almost an absolute requirement for a proper sequel, the graphics have been updated, and lemme tell yas, they may have been charming and quite easy on the eyes in SPAZ 1, but HOLY FREAKIN' MOTHER OF A TURDBURGER, they look amazing in SPAZ 2! The change from 2D to full 3D (even though you still move along a 2D plane, SOMEHOW) has brought with it a slew of interesting backdrops, texture updates for ships, and a variety of excellently rendered doodads to litter the battlefield.The sound has become a LOT better as well; as anyone who used The Carrier with full missile armaments and weapons on it in SPAZ 1 knows, the sound effects were not great. Not ear-bleedingly bad, but just... meh, in lack of a better word. Now, the sound is a lot more pleasing.One of the features I was most excited about with SPAZ 2 was the new shipbuilding system, and my god, I never, absolutely NEVER, thought you could make it any simpler than the system in Pixel Pirates. But apparently, those glorious nutters at MinMax not only tried, but gracefully succeeded! It may not be as fun as I thought it'd be, but hey, it serves its purpose! And it really does give you a hard lesson in humility and the importance of balance, too. With great ship weight comes great responsibility. Or in this case, a great demand for rez!See, rez has become less of a ""be-all-end-all"" resource in SPAZ 2, as it's now used primarily as engine fuel for your ship. Sure, it's also used to synthezise food for your crew, but that's an extremely minor expenditure compared to the new ""rez drive"" that the game's larger ships use. So naturally, a ship with a greater weight/mass, i.e. one with a great deal of modules attached to it, will expend a LOT more rez when traveling around. This makes the game interesting, without making it downright unfair, unlike certain OTHER games with fuel systems... *cough* Convoy *cough*Crew has also become a much more interesting factor in SPAZ 2, as they're now absolutely CRUCIAL to your survival, rather than a mere number that determines your hull repair speed, like they were in SPAZ 1. See, if you don't maintain a large enough crew for a big ship, you'll steadily suffer damage due to poor maintenance, overworked crew members, or whatever else may apply. They no longer just repair your ship. They're literally keeping it intact, and figuratively acting as the glue for your main vessel.Last but not least, the much-boasted-of feature of having a ""dynamic universe"". I can't complain about it being dynamic, because it really actually is, with every other captain in the galaxy/sector having their own personalities, political affiliations, goals, dreams, secret racist opinions... well, maybe it's not THAT complex, but they do have their own personality traits which alters the way they act in response to various events. Some approve of do-gooders who help the weak, others find such behaviour to be a despicable waste of firepower.It also helps that they remember what happens. See, what AI in games often lacks is a cohesive MEMORY. They may react realistically to an event AS IT HAPPENS, but they'll forget all about it the moment it's over. If you attack somebody, everyone in the vicinity will witness this AND remember it. Some will like you for it, some will hate you, and some might not even care. But it makes the galaxy a lot more living.However, one thing I'm NOT totally okay with is the SIZE of the game world! See, I'm one spoiled motherfûcker when it comes to space games, having been brought up with classics such as Elite 2 and Freelancer, in which you really DID have incredibly vast amounts of space to explore. In SPAZ 2, I feel there's just a lack of space, and especially exploration, as every sub-sector only needs to be glanced at for less than a nano-second while casually speeding through it at hyperspeed, in order to map out the ENTIRE AREA.I'm not exactly thrilled about THAT. And the INCREDIBLY small scale (or at least what FEELS like a small scale) of the game world in and of itself leads to all of it feeling dreadfully same-y after just a few hours of playing. Maybe the world will somehow become ""bigger"" later in the game, or maybe the devs will release an expansion pack or even just DLC that'll make it less cramped and more spacious, but unless either of those things happen, I feel the game completely misses the absolutely most CRITICAL point of having a space-based setting: HUGE SCALE!All in all though, SPAZ 2 is absolutely great. Not perfect, not by a long shot, but I can safely say that it's extended my list of games worthy of buying in Early Access to now include FOUR titles. And in case you're ESPECIALLY dumb: YES, THAT MEANS SPAZ 2 IS WORTH BUYING FOR THE FULL PRICE WHILE IT'S IN EARLY ACCESS, YOU UNDER-EVOLVED EXCUSE FOR A PRIMATE! 8.1/10"
76561198058506808,Recommended,252470,26650591,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Trtl,Don't let my time fool you.. My main hours are offline on my laptop. That being said let me say this is one of those games that if it looks sorta interesting to you...get it. I unfortunately only sorta liked the first but this one imho is much better and the devs are still adding plenty more new things to it to plz the community.. honestly I highly recommend..
,Not Recommended,252470,23056707,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Mordgier,"I loved SPAZ1 and sunk 61 hours into this game and was thrilled to see SPAZ2 finally come out as EA.Unfortunately I feel that this game is in no way a sequel to SPAZ1.The gameplay is very different where rather than you upgrading your fleet and so on you instead only upgrade your mothership. This would be OK if it was not incredibly tedious with actually rather few interesting options available early on.Much of the game seems to be gated behind one grind after another. This was actually also kinda the case in SPAZ1 - but it was far more fun.Fun is where this game falls apart. Combat isn't fun. In general you will either steamroll your enemies or fail miserably. Early on the vast majority of the combat is gated away from you because you start out with a junk heap and vast majority of enemies will wreck you - so you are stuck grinding for crap gear or joining in fights where 2 AI are engaged to ""help"".Ship upgrades are very minor, very very expensive and tedious to do. The ship designer is incredibly tedious to use - I have no idea what they were thinking. You need to pull parts off piece by piece to replace anything. You can use the trade window to try to upgrade parts but it's not at all intuitive.The ""world"" itself isnt' very interesting - yes there are factions, yes you can join them - but why? What makes them special? What are the differences? None of that really matters.This isn't a 'bad' game, but it doesn't stand out anymore. There are better games than this in everything it does:You want a cap ship combat game with a story? Starpoint Gemni 2 is better.You want a space ship centric 4X?  Beyond SOL is better - and has coop.You want a game where you upgrade a fleet and has great combat? Battlefleet Gothic is much better.SPAZ2 had a few things going for it, the open world, customization and originally the promise of coop.Coop is gone and the other aspects just aren't very good - so what it comes down to is this: SPAZ2 isn't a bad game but if you have a few hours to play a game, there are no real reasons to pick this one over the other offerings."
76561198039223370,Recommended,252470,23044794,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,YOWHAZGOOD,"TL;DR - dont buy a game with a ""2"" on the end expecting the same ♥♥♥♥ing game as its predecessor. Anyone can nitpick a game. Not everyone can appreciate what a game is.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojohigmpVpggreat sequel to spaz1. im excited to get rid of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microsoft sam voices but thats been the only flaw so far. a few crashes here and there but nothing that isnt to be expected. cant wait to keep playing this awesome gameEDIT: i see alot of people complaining about controls, looks, blah blah blah.this isnt spaz. its spaz 2. ships not maneuvering the way you want? learn the controls. (like hammering the brakes while boosting to hairpin turn....)as for looks, 3d is far superior to 2d. dont like 3d? then go live in 2d, see how you like that.one major problem ive had recently is running out of rez because of combat interruptions. save scumming is my answer but it shouldnt be."
76561198023827267,Not Recommended,252470,23505852,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hakageryu,"SPAZ2 fails to redeliver what made their game popular in the first place, discarding most of what made SPAZ1 so well recieved and loved by its fans. MinMax decided against keeping those core gameplay and customization mechanics and building on them, instead they largely throwing them out and now focusing on ""tactical"" combat and slapped on features geared towards the Space Sim genre.Customization is limited to bulding your mothership by snapping parts to 'cores' and choosing your escort ships, which you cannot customize in anyway. The game also has a slow pace such as replacing the monotonous mining with boring node hunting and clicking. You will notice the higher production value of the game, but it feels like they spent more time on the 'cool graphics' than they did on gameplay.As it is the game betrays the feel of the first game and poorly impliments the new features. Do not expect it to change, regardless of it's Early Access status, as the developers have quoted that this is a different game from SPAZ1 and they and they're not diverging from their ""vision"" for the game. It is a shame beacuse that is not how successful sequels work.Edit: Cleaned up typos."
,Not Recommended,252470,23256524,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,zerker101,"SPAZ 1 vs. SPAZ 2The first SPAZ game is a 10 out of 10 for me.The scound one is about a 6 out of 10 as it is right now in early release.~ First: the ""risk reward punishment"" system dosn't really exist in this game like it does in the first one. When you died in the first one you had to go and gather resources, goons, levels, and build back up so you could try again. In this one you just fly back to your base and grab what it has gathered for you. So there is no risk when you try to progres and there are no walls to break through like the first one had.~ Second: Short... the game is very short. I beat the campaign on the hardest dificulty in about 4 hours... where the first one took me the whole weekend ~about 30 hours~ to beat on the hardest dificulty.~Third: the ship building, the customization for your mothership that you bring into battle with you was a cool idea but ultimatly I found that the only style of ships that where worth building are the ""L"" shaped or a ""C"" shape to get the most bang for your buck and it seems like they cap out on size. I would try and change this by amking guns mount on to the top and or bottom of every ship like guns that require 3 spaces in an L shape or 4 in a square... make it look like tetrece and have the guns on the side of the ship be more for frosting and the ones on the top and bottom more for the body of the cake...~ Fourth: everything becomes really easy to kill really fast to the pont that it becomes a dull repetive motion with no real reward for doing it. In the first one they had events that poped up all the time like the metorite ~I loved that one~ALL IN ALL: I gave this game a 6 because it's just pritty to play for a few hours then move on back to your main game to mostlikly never come back to this one again... because with steam every gamer has several hundred games in there library and over 35% of them have never been touched... But I did LVOE how the bad guy dies in the end =D that was hands down the best part of the game and made the 4 hours in the campaign worth it."
76561197962811212,Not Recommended,252470,26368648,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dark Hisoka,"The game is ""early access"" so everyone gives it the benefit of the doubt. But having played my fair share of EA titles and seeing the 1.0 release, I can safely say that there is not much hope for this game. I don't want to imply that everything is wrong and there is nothing good. A sequel can be different and still be enjoyable. They even state that this is not a direct sequel, so I knew what I was getting into a bit. However, this game feels like an iphone ripoff game that has the look of the original, but not the feel. SPAZ 1 was a fun arcade style game that you could hop into and have a bit of fun no matter how long you played. This game has you do so much bs just to get into fights that are almost predetermined before hand. If I feel like auto-resolve is a better option than fighting, I think the game is missing what made the original fun to play. I will review it again if it goes to release, but unless they change the core game play, it will remain an interesting direction that, sadly, is just not fun to play."
76561197993648038,Not Recommended,252470,31251310,Posted: 20 April,all,Murdershy,Ship construcxtion is boring and pointless as there iis only one or two ways to build an effective ship and thus offers no constructionb freedom. Pre built ships or much more effort into the ship construction mechanic is seriously needed. Game is a huge grind which wouldnt be so bad if the difficulty level wasnt so high that you end up dying over and over and struggling to gather the resources required to advance. As the develepors point out its a different game to SPAZ 1 which is a pity because SPAZ 1 is much better and actually fun to play.
,Not Recommended,252470,23246475,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,theNakedApe,"As a massive fan of the frst game it hurts to say this... But don't buy this, it's terrible. It might be worth a $10 price point but a $20 asking price is ridiculous. It really feels like it they tried to go for something that could've been fantstic but the execution has left it sadly lacking.It's completely confusing and even when you figure it out, both the progression and how to fight properly, the combat (the central gameplay mechanic) is incredibly boring... For people coming here because they loved the first game unfortulately there is literally no reason to play this.I'm sorry. I wanted to like this, but I just can't. I only hope one day it will be patched into a decent successor to SPAZ."
76561197965160683,Not Recommended,252470,23228444,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,tamraine,"SPAZ 1 was a great game that I loved replaying.SPAZ 2...is neither.SPAZ 2 is about your mothership; your Clockwork if you will. Basically, all you do is fight with your mothership.  All the hangar bays where you could pick out hulls and gear up the ships? Gone.  Completely.  Now additional ships are ""strike fighters"", throwaway ships that have no shields, cannot be modified in any way, and are basically meat to absorb a couple hits.That's assuming you actually find combat -- 90% of your gametime will be spent looking at a very minimal, sparse, boring overmap where you click on nodes to collect resources.  Really.I rarely ever review games, but this is a rare exception: This game is not good.  The game is absolutely nothing like SPAZ 1.  It is nearly devoid of content. The campaign could probably be completed in an hour or two.  I thoroughly wish I had not purchased this and feel cheated."
76561197971113305,Not Recommended,252470,23141584,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,agentfatmen,"EDIT: I have played a little longer and learned that the more bases ""you"" have the better. Each base gets a stock pile that you can collect later which makes this a better way to earn money than just doing arena.I have been waiting for this game for years and now that it is here I am disappointed. Please note that at the time this is written I have played around 16 hours and I am far enough in the story to start building bases.------------I would buy this game if you like to watch videos as you play a game------------------------My key points------------------Which brings me to the WORSTE part of this game, your ship. You spend all this money building a powerful ship… only to spend most of your time in arena flying a made-for-this-arena-ship. MOST OF THE COMBAT I HAVE DONE IN THIS GAME HAS BEEN IN SOMEONE ELSES SHIP!---Which brings me to the SECOND THING I HATE THE MOST about this game. It is a grind. No, you don’t get it, every single part of this game is a massive grind. You want that new ship part? Grind arena. You want to join a faction and by want I mean have to as there is no other way to progress the story? Grind arena. You want to build a base for some random faction you were forced to join(to progress the story)? Grind arena. But I like to play grindy games! Cool, so do I, please return to my first “worst part of this game.”------------My key points------------What is good about this game?-The graphics and sounds are great-The combat is solid and fun---Although the combat can be automated you need to choose targets on a ship and shoot pieces off the ship to get the most out of combat.---Although I have not done this it seems like you could build a missile ship that stays away and hammers at enemies or a close combat ship that drives right in and rips them apart. I go for a mix.-The interface, all of them from the HUD to the star map, is perfect.The bad about this game.-This is another game that technically has “many ways to make money” but the truth is that one way is far better than any other to the point that doing anything else is a waste of time.---The Arena is the best way I have found to make money. In about 10 minutes I can blow through all the arena missions at a major base and have over 1k in “money.” But even this way of making money has its limits because once you beat a match playing it again gives around 25% of what you got the first time.------Which brings me to the WORSTE part of this game, your ship. You spend all this money building a powerful ship… only to spend most of your time in arena flying a made-for-this-arena-ship. MOST OF THE COMBAT I HAVE DONE IN THIS GAME HAS BEEN IN SOMEONE ELSES SHIP!-Money… There are three, THREE, types of money in the game. Sure they want to tell you that “REZ” is fuel for your ship and “goons” are needed to operate your ship but I sell them all the time. REZ is easy enough to come by that I don’t keep more than 50 on me. I keep just enough goons to stay above what I “need.”---Which brings me to the SECOND THING I HATE THE MOST about this game. It is a grind. No, you don’t get it, every single part of this game is a massive grind. You want that new ship part? Grind arena. You want to join a faction and by want I mean have to as there is no other way to progress the story? Grind arena. You want to build a base for some random faction you were forced to join? Grind arena. But I like to play grindy games! Cool, so do I, please return to my first “worst part of this game.”-The writing in this game is just as bad as the last game. I don’t have a problem with how the old game was written and this one is very similar it’s just… not engaging this time around.-I am only 16 hours in and I just built my first base... correction I just built the first base for the faction I was forced to join. I don’t have a base that earns me anything. I am not the leader of anything… At one point, about the time I stopped reading the story text, the “main character” points out that she saved the GALAXY from destruction and nobody knows or cares who she is.---I find it very poor writing that the team that saved the galaxy and has spent the last X number of years hunting down and killing left over bad guys is so broke their ship is made out of junk parts. It would have been much better if this game had started with the last mission to eradicate the zombie plague forever only to get our assess kicked and lose the moderately powerful ship we had."
,Recommended,252470,23047237,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Amos,"Having Like spaz I bought spaz 2 and yeah its a good game I like it, the graphics are nice the 3d combat I also like the map too is easy to use, only gripe I had was some kssions require you to do somthing at the begining in story mode, I found myself pressign all the keys to find out what i needed to do, i missed the text and there was no tool tips or anything, eventually got through it, the other is the threat level, getting ganked by pirates who want 2k resources and you dont have enough, either fight (die) or give away parts of your ship, die relaod save then start back at the pirate again.anyway its a fun game and will try some other tactics perhaps.Defo worth a buy(edit: Iforgot to mention that this game runs 5760x1080 out of the box with no issues)"
,Recommended,252470,23132022,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,centaurianmudpig,"To borrow from the games brilliant dialogue:""10 / 10. Would cleanse the galaxy again.""A full review will be coming once I've finished the campaign and maybe played the sandbox for another 20 hours."
76561198002771162,Not Recommended,252470,24093015,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Clades,SPAZ 2 is fundamentally different than SPAZ. So much so that I did not enjoy the game and refunded it. If you expect anything similar to the first game you might want to give this a pass. If not then you might as well try it.
,Not Recommended,252470,24311801,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Outcast,"Don't take this in the wrong way or anything, It is a good game. Not a great game, but a good game.Buuuuuut.....Comparing it to SPAZ 1 has nothing to show. Lets compare the games shall we.REZ HARVESTINGIn the first game you had to harvest for REZ, either by going to a civilian mining station or destroying asteroids to get REZ. REZ was sent to your mothership the clockwork, as your ship got full of REZ it became slower.In SPAZ 2 you cant harvest the REZ in the same way, you scavenge it after a fight in a boring interface or buy it from spacestations. As i figured it out your ship dosen't get slower by REZ but instead get slower the more ship parts you carry with you.In SPAZ 1 if you get in a battle you had the option to dump your REZ in space to free up space and become faster, You could even do this with your armor platings to gain speed.STARMAPThe map in SPAZ 2 is... tiny compared to SPAZ 1. You can discover the whole map in under 5 minutes. In SPAZ 1 i could play a game for about 20-30 hours and still have places i haven't visited yet.LEVELSThe leveling system in SPAZ 2 is easier to understand but alot worse then SPAZ 1. You can literally complete the game as soon as you hit level 30. In SPAZ 1 you had to become stronger and in the end game your ship was about level 65+ before you fought the last boss.STORYThe first time i played SPAZ 1 the story was a joy to play thru. The plot twist later in the game was great. Sadly the reused most of the story for SPAZ 2 and it gets boring the second time around.ZOMBIESZombies in SPAZ 2 is not that treating as they were in SPAZ 1. A standard battle in SPAZ 2 goes as following. The zombies have a weapon much like a nuke that they use that releases a cloud. If you stay in the cloud your shield gets rapidly depleted. When you have no shields your ship parts get infected. Post battle when you are in the starmap you hit a button to ""clean"" your ships for the cost of some goons. It's not a very good concept compared to....SPAZ 1, when you first meet the Zombies you diden't know what to suspect. If your ship was infected they started to take over your crew, wait long enough and they take controll of your ship. You had two options, either self destruct so they could not get your hands on your ship, or open the airlocks!And let me tell you, Opening the airlocks and VENTING the whole CREW was one of the best and funniest thing you could do in SPAZ 1. Sadly SPAZ 2 comes nothing close to this.SHIPSSPAZ 1 ships return as strike craft, They can be seen as fodder, you can repair them after each battle and they come in sizes from small to medium hulls. Your mothership is the only ship that really mathers but more on that later. The bigger ships are nowhere to be found instead you get ""parts"" of the bigger ships to use as parts for your mothership.Long gone are the days where you had a fleet, and you put effort to create your fleet, every ship mathers to you and you diden't want to lose any of them. If you lost a ship it would rebuild itself for a REZ cost. If someone destroyed your fleet? Well then you had to return to an asteroid field with lower tier ships and harvest the REZ and lick your wounds until you could rebuild your fleet.SHIP BUILDINGIs boring as ♥♥♥♥, i love building stuff. Thats why i play games like Terratech and Kerbal Space Program and such. But the ship builder for your mothership is just boring. You get your cores, early on you start with like 2-3 cores, later you can have about 16-18 cores (not to sure about that number), think of it as a grid where a core takes up 1x1. Then you have your noses and engines, they come in 3 diffrent sizes needing 1 to 3 connections spots. Then you have your wings, same there 3 sizes with either 1 to 3 connection spots.In the end all ships looks almost the same, you either build your brick consisting of 3x5 blocks or 2x7 blocks of core, making your ship look like a flying brick. Or you build it like a triangle or something, you can't really go crazy with it.And as i said before the ship parts are mostly parts from SPAZ 1 larger ships, such as a wing that looks like a piece of the CRAWLER or the SUNSPOT or such.VERDICTAs i said all in all it's a good game, if you diden't compare it to SPAZ 1 then it might even be a great game. But for a SPAZ 1 fan like me, sadly no.Like many others when i heared about SPAZ 2 i was building up this dream in my mind about a game much like SPAZ 1. Then i heared it was gonna be in 3D and thought well... okay i guess they can still make it look good and work much in the same way as SPAZ 1.But as the developers said. SPAZ 2 is not a direct sequel to SPAZ 1. It's a new game with ne mechanics set in the same universe.It's a good game i and many like myself diden't ask for... all we ever wanted was more of what made SPAZ 1 great. And add multiplayer to that instead.Well we got this, and i will play this some more until i completed the whole story arch, but i won't return to it after that. I'f i want to play a great space game i'll rather play SPAZ 1 instead."
76561197964217450,Not Recommended,252470,23255110,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Memnoch,"I've given up on it for the moment and will come back when its further along in development. Right now a lot of your time, read most, is spent on a map. It feels like you are playing a board game more than a space combat game."
,Not Recommended,252470,23090426,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ryou,"I find this game pointless. I adored SPAZ and waited so many years for this. The ships look crap, the star map is pointless moving around, the modules look terrible."
,Not Recommended,252470,23088489,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Draconis Nox,"As it stands right now, this game is awful in comparison to SPAZ 1. Cant tell what bases have what items, getting attacked by enemies twenty, thirty, fourty levels higher than you right when you start, massive resource grind, unmodifiable small ships.  It just doesnt feel like spaz, especially when the game litteraly does everything on auto pilot.""Important Note: SPAZ 2 is not a direct sequel to SPAZ 1. It is a new game with brand new gameplay mechanics but is set in the same universe with the same cast. SPAZ 2 is themed around scavenging and survival and the mechanics reflect that. Those looking for a direct SPAZ 1 sequel will not find it here.""I wonder why anyone would choose to dub something as a Sequal if it isnt actually a sequal or at the very least, a similar game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, plainly put, would do this. Imagine if this happened with movies like Nightmare on Elm Street, Rambo, or games like Street Fighter, Battlezone, Starcraft? Yet Im among only a few that think this is really something super ♥♥♥♥ed up."
76561198003552620,Not Recommended,252470,23092005,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[PoE] confrication,"I have no idea how a game can elicit such a feeling of longwinded, tedious frustration after under 20 minutes play and the accomplishment of not much.  Such a shame after SPAZ1, which was fantastic.  I really can only see this as the classic pitfall of over-developing the basic gameplay loop for way (waaaaayyyy) too long before actually getting feedback on it from players.  Seriously.  In the space of 20 minutes I think I had about 4 distinct frustrated, uncomprehending sighs at how obtuse, floaty, and wearisome a thing this is."
76561198067040073,Recommended,252470,30824273,Posted: 29 March,all,starerror,"The game into 3D,I feel some are not used to,but the update is still very frequent,this can be a compliment.ps：We need Chinese！！！游戏现在是3d的，真的有些不习惯呢，但是更新还是很快的，可以期待一下。最后说一句：我们需要中文啊！！"
,Not Recommended,252470,23265392,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Stubborn Deer,NOTHING like the originalGarbage.
,Recommended,252470,23046967,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,pulse,THE HULL HAS BEEN BREACHED AND THE SCIENCE IS LEAKING OUT!!
76561198002521797,Not Recommended,252470,23250675,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ozzie,"Bought blindly expecting a better version of spaz 1.Not the same at all, i hate the combat system."
76561197962439705,Not Recommended,252470,23319437,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,♑₦emesis°,"*QUICK SUMMARY*Got bored so quickly, didn\'t expect that. I am not a fan of SPAZ 1 nor biased.My advise, don\'t get the game at this stage, it\'s still lacking content and very linear gameplay.Didn\'t experience any bugs so far, would say its a well constructed game with lack of content and customizations.Will try the game when the devs add more twist or updates to the current stage."
,Recommended,252470,25736660,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sad_Pyro,"Liked the original, and this one too."
76561197973115459,Recommended,252470,32335336,Posted: 10 June,all,Baker,"I really enjoyed this.Lots of big and colourfull explotions, runs really smooth and it very well optimised.The game play is kind of cansual but lot of  fun and with humor.Reminded me alittle of rebal galaxy at firt but I enjoyed this one quite abit more."
,Recommended,252470,23137966,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kyro,If you're a fan of SPAZ this game will definitely be worth buying even in early access stage. Just be mindful it is early access.
,Recommended,252470,23077041,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,El Presedente Beatus,"Spoilers for near end of the game as of 5.18 ahead, so this is your warning♥♥♥♥ing jamison. I clamed the BEST ♥♥♥♥ing sector in the galaxy, and he has to go and turn it into a zombie hive.In any event, THERE IS A BREACH IN THE HULL AND THE SCIENCE IS LEAKING OUT!"
76561198032634253,Not Recommended,252470,23256604,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dizzleaz,"I was a huge fan of the 1st SPAZ, loved it, and still do. I was super excited to see there was a 2nd coming out. Until I played the game. The fun of the 1st game was that you started out with nothing and had to build your way up to be able to fly around where ever you wanted. This new game just allows you to go where ever and does not seem to have the essance of the 1st game.  Maybe I was just expecting a more cleaned up version of the 1st game, but this just feels disapointing.  I will keep playing it, maybe i am missing something. If needed I will change my review if I can find more positives, but for now, Im sorry just going to be a negative."
76561198042169836,Recommended,252470,23078676,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jag2012,Lots of fun but still needs work but if done right this game will launch to fame!P.S. i love SPAZ
,Recommended,252470,23044825,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SimoMies,"While different than the first one, I think that it's in a good direction.Good customization alongside solid gameplay."
,Recommended,252470,23059672,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Khorrosion,Launched an Asteroid at a Ship just like I threw a rock at my brother when I was a child. 10/10 Would concuss again.
76561198129101111,Recommended,252470,33795773,Posted: 25 July,all,unknown.notregistered,"Yeah, I'd reccomend it.Its different than the first, adds just the right mix of elements to push it - but at the same time remains similar enough to feel like a fair continuation.The game is a bit of a mesh between a 4x-light design while pushing the combat-oriented feel in it.Time flows so long as your ship moves, otherwise its as if you paused the game in the main map, but you'll find no respite during the combat segments. The emphasis on factions is a bit of a mix, rough if you rush early, but eventually you'll just steamroll along and the faction almost handles itself outside your routine collections. It makes for a different style I think, and for the most part it remains fun - but the gindy aspect can at times drag as you get to learn, and could become tiresome for some... other may love it however.For the price? Definetly worth a try if it sounds interesting."
76561197961794336,Not Recommended,252470,23147563,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Shadowmind,"Sigh, the last few weeks I've been playing SPAZ 1. It is one of the few games that I have played over and over again. If you were expecting more of the same you will be disappointed. SPAZ 2 is really a completely different game. They should have called it something else.I would skip it and try a different game."
76561198003267600,Recommended,252470,23077985,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,artur.init,"This is not SPAZ as we used to see it. That is not SPAZ I used to play 4 years ago. I did not follow much on news about this game not to spoil my first impression of it when it is released. I waited this game too long.  My steam account was even created just to get this game when it is released.There is a bit of disappointment for now but I think just because this game has different style then previous. The rest is great. Gameplay is fun. Replayability is infinite.I would not put an x of 10 points score here because it is in early access now. I would just say that you need to get this if you liked SPAZ.For me this game now lacks only technology research ability for your faction, huge (I mean really huge, devastating, BADABUM) weapons that were on motherships in SPAZ 1... and that is all. The rest is SPAZ!I would probably keep both game and will play both SPAZ 1 and SPAZ 2 because those are so different and still are SO MUCH FUN!"
76561198019425376,Recommended,252470,23163371,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lopetno,"I will say right now that I played the first SPAZ game, though it has been a long time and my opinions on that game are a little stale. so hopefully I won't be biased in this reviewThe game presents a sizable map to you when you begin. You are just a single particle of water in the flow of an enormous lake. As the game progresses, you start to make a name for yourself, slowly gaining strength and getting better and better equipment (thanks to those bandits which you decided to farm). Soon, you start to look at... bigger prey. As a result, you start munching on the little ships. one day, you decide, unintentionally, to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the entirety of a faction which will hunt you down. Luckily, they have an enemy, so you stay by them and work under their protection. You start to build a bond with them, and eventually you become an active member in the group. Now you're cooking with gas. Left and right, you fight and win battles with allies by your side. you gain equipment, scrap, and levels like crazy. Eventually, it's time to start something new. With confidence, you say goodbye to your faction, making your own faction in a place that you meaned to occupy for a long time. immediatly, people join your cause, and you make allies from your protector and enemies with your nemesis. More things can happen than you can normally see, but you enjoy it. Suddenly, you're one of the most powerful in the galaxy. you can even win fights of two against you. You can destroy entire factions if they get in your way, and give endless scrap to anyone you care for. This all began, with a lone, junk ship, and a vigilent heart.9/10. would do that all over again."
,Recommended,252470,23088780,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,"Shado, Rebel of Executivity",I like it. It's still really great.
76561197996773855,Recommended,252470,23052897,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kyle Katarn,"Game is nice so far, sandbox and stuff, but ship combat control are anti-intuitive. I won't recommend it until i'll be able to do right turn looking to right side.Fixed, if you hate default control option as much as i do, switch off ""Relative controlls"" checkbox."
76561198066378922,Recommended,252470,23143364,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ragnar,"This game is early access.  I cannot blame anyone for being skeptical of these titles, sometimes they're finished, sometimes they're not.  This title is not finished.  There are many quality of life improvements and ways to break the eventual monotony of the game yet to be implemented.  Completion was estimated to happen between 6 and 12 months from now. That said, the original Spaz was a very enjoyable game, and development did not stop when it was released.Is this game as complete as the SPAZ and its expansion? No. Were the changes in design justifiable and/or good? Absolutely.These games are created by a small team of dedicated geniuses, and are truly labors of love.  The community engagement and work demonstrated by this team is staggering.  This was a part of my decision to buy and support.  A lot of this community has been following the dev log on this for 3 years. This is as unusual as the feedback and consideration and involvement on part of the devs that allows for it.  While this is ultimately their product, in many ways it feels like a product of the fans.I in no way regret my purchase, if you want to witness its development and be a part of the conversation, I recommend it. Is there fun to be had in its current state? Absolutely. Does the game have problems? Absolutely. If you want a complete title, give it some time, but do not take it off your wishlist.  Devs like these are the types of people who deserve great attention on part of the consumer and the industry as a whole and I'm proud to be a part of this."
76561197972566562,Recommended,252470,23148549,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sourlout,"Game came out 5 days ago and I have already sunk in 34 hours.I would consider that a pretty good game - Early Access or not.  I look forward to the further development!What I like:- Learning how to optimize your shipship using the modular building block system; want to go faster, bigger/more engines; want to be able to turn better, better wing modules.- Space combat is fun.  I like swapping out the different weapon types to see how they all work.  (The arenas that each station has allows you to test drive differently configured ships.)- Using bounties to motivate the other independant captains to do your work for you.  Want a base destroyed - bounties.  Want a base built - bounties.  You can be on the far edge of the galaxy, while having your empire expanding on the other side too.- Running a faction / space station actually provides profit, allowing you to grow yourself / your empire.- Pirate space looting! Combat with bigger targets is profitable.What I don't like (this might change as development continues):- Needs motivation to go and fight with others.  Right now it seems you are flying through space, until you mug a random space vessel for no reason.- Combat is capped at 4 motherships/space station.- End of game didn't feel like you had an amarda flying with you into an epic show down.  Instead, it was just you going into to fight another space battle.  (The battle turned out to be actually pretty neat.)- Not enough randomness in how the galaxy ticks.Would be cool to see:- Improvement to feeling like you have a giant powerhouse behind you at the end of the story game- Quick Victory button for situations where you massively outgun the opposition- Modability- More things to do to develope your faction- Improvement to the WHY you are going around declairing war upon different factions, killing them over and over, stealing all their stuff, and destroying their entire space empire.  This is especially true when you have just finished the story campaign - you and all your allies have worked together to stop the zombie outbreak, but now what? Now, you go and kill them all to get their stuff.  Congrats on being a♥♥♥♥♥♥/ the bad guy."
76561197995289414,Recommended,252470,23149317,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vytae~[Ikk],I bought this on general principles because SPAZ 1 was so good. Much to my surprise its an extremely polished early access game.It definitley needs some tweaks and pacing adjustments but after a couple of hours im quote happy and looking forward to drop another 100+ atleast. Im looking forward to the polish and dont regret my 20 bucks at all.
,Recommended,252470,23049908,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BIG!BABY!ZUBAS!,"this in no way has any of the same overworld elements as SPAZ1...but the combat.....EXQUIZITE......this is a great game, best 20 bux ive ever spent."
,Recommended,252470,23052726,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MURDERBOT 9000,"A well evolved sequel. Clearly early access but gameplay is solid. Obvious work needed seems to be rather minor... Voice acting, bug hunting, balancing come to mind. If you liked the original, this game gives you a new experience while remaining true to the source.edit1: changed gameply to gameplay."
76561197994083577,Not Recommended,252470,23152478,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sliderpro,"I am a fan of SPAZ 1 and looked forward to this game, SPAZ 2.First - I didn't like it. I know, this is early acces, but still. That is why:First game was much, much LARGER, it had systems, with tons of planets there. Now we have (in a campain mode) a rather small galaxy with stations-which-feel-like-planets-now and rather shady storyline.Needless to say - the storyline in first game was rather interesting and it was a universe of its own. Second game feels like I am ""cleaning up"" for the mess. Hardly anytthing more then this. It doesnt feel as good as it should technically be as for the second game.Characters - I dont like huge character icons on dialogs. SPAZ 1 way was alot better. No need for them to take whole screen. But that is cosmetical.What I didnt like is the ship customisation system. I liked the idea of core-modules which determine how  big you ships is. But, the way how components are presented - I didnt like. Plus,  Why engine module is merged with weapons? I may want it or not, I dont want that decided.I d like boosting modules, And technological way of progressing was much better in spaz 1. It forced to develop and it forced to choose which way you want to go - cannons, boms, drones, whatever.This game simply has market, where you buy. And you buy some weird stuff there, wings mixed with different weapons - may sound cool but it is not.I d like normal frame items + weapons SEPARATELY.Plus there is no such thing, as mining asteroids and stuff. It was a very cool feature. It became nothing. No trade system or I didnt otice it.I want that ridiculous ship building gone.  I want either original SPAZ scheme, I choose ship - then I put stuff on it, or I go to the shop, buy and build frame and put weapons on it. Max weapons\modules - determined by tech level. Each module to have maybe CPU weight - so the ship has some limits to weapons and modules related to max CPU processing power (seen tthat somewhere).I want normal economy. Trading items, like food and water.To conclude, SPAZ2 feels like a prequel to SPAZ1. SPAZ 1 is definetely a better game overalTo developers - your wish to turn game to 3D, killed what made the original game an AAA title. you are trying to make something very ""other game"" and I am not happy with this. I wished for SPAZ 1.5, not something totally else."
,Recommended,252470,23051233,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Darenkel,"Once you get used to the controls, this game rocks.I beat the campaign on normal in about 9 hours, and that was without reading any of the lore.10/10 would kill the purple horde again"
76561198034372305,Recommended,252470,23132021,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kal,"Lovely little game. I like games where the world does not revolve around the player,and this is one of them. The factions will still go about their business even if you are not around. If you are nice to other captains, they'll be nice to you. If you are nasty to them, they'll be nasty to you. Pretty well though out game, and tons of fun. I finished the campaign already (took me 19 hours), and I can't wait to start a sandbox game now :)Also, devs are pretty active and have been really quick to patch and fix things. But even in this state, the game plays like a dream in early access, and has plenty of features already. Can't really go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,252470,23138842,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Omega4500,"I wouldnt normally sink cash into an early access game unless it looked 100% promising, not only did SPAZ 2 look awsome from the trailers but it also had the backup of the first game to reinforce my belief that the dev's know what they are doing. While its safe to say I would have bought this game regardless of being early access or not I will still use my 2 highest factors to state if a game is worth the purchase.Playability - Almost perfect, no noticable bugs and only one crash in about 20 hours gameplay. It needs a little bit of fine tuning here and there but that will only serve to make it even more enjoyable.Time spent playing - this took me about 20 hours to complete (i did some considerable grinding before finishing the last mission) It didnt get boring at all and I finished it feeling like it still had some undiscovered bits to offer which I will no doubt go back to later on once its had a few significant patchs or gets to full release. Take into consideration that some AAA titles can be done in 10-14 hours at a stretch and seem like a drag towards the end then SPAZ 2 for 14 quid is worth every penny."
,Recommended,252470,23139544,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,The Tuxedo,"There's a few balance issues, but otherwise, it's a fun, complex game with active developers."
76561197985027084,Not Recommended,252470,24489153,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Meks,"While i enjoyed the first game in the series, this one i do not care for.  You spend very little time doing anything besides staring at the tactical map and watching the ship icons fly around while out on one of three types of arrands (all of which amount to click here on map, click harvest, move on to next node, click harvest, etc, etc).The ship to ship combat looks very pretty and is mostly fun to play at first, though it tends to be slow paced and has numerous annoying mechanics built in.  The reloading mechanic in particular is irritating to the point of frustration.  And it makes no sense at all in ship-based combat.  Even the ingame tutorial basically says ""dont question why it works this way, just roll with it.""  Having to stop in the middle of combat and spend 15s reloading the laser beam weapons on your giant capital ship?  Seriously?The ship customization aspect is interesting though your creative options are strictly limited not by available modules so much as by arbitrary level restraints to keep the player from getting to powerful too fast.There is little depth to the tech research aspect of the game.  It pretty much amounts to:  level up, spend talent point on one of 4 possible perks to modify stats/performance of your ship.  Shield recharge, engine boost, etc.As was aluded to in the first paragraph, the resource gathering aspect of the game is shallow (even more so than in the first game).  Most actions in the game award one of three resource types.  ""Mining"" consists of flying to a node on the tac-map and telling your ship to harvest everything.  Which takes about 4-5 seconds and may or may not result in you getting jumped by the lightning fast blitzkreig ambush of some NPC that was half the galaxy away when you started the harvest cycle.  It is the same with the Rez and Data point collection nodes.  Though the resources can also be collected from combat.  You can fly to special types of mining nodes and shoot them with your capital ship weapons to possibly spawns resources.  But this is hilariously inefficient and only seems to have been added as an afterthought."
76561198064257921,Recommended,252470,32900261,Posted: 27 June,all,AionR,"OMG THIS GAME IS NOW ON ABSOLUTE LEVEL!!!  I just discovered that this game have VR SUPPORT!!! And it is BRILLIANT!!!I was using Oculus Rift with xbox controller (I finished first campaign with mouse and keyboard without knowing that VR is available for this game...) and it was so EASY that I learnt it in just 10 minutes!!!I can’t describe how MUCH SATISFACTION THIS GAME gives you in VR!!! - YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!! For now this is my favorite VR title 10/10!!!Just want to THANK all developers who made it possible - the navigation and experience in VR is SIMPLE, INTUITIVE AND FANTASTIC!!!I just regret one thing - WHY NOBODY TOLD ME ABOUT THAT BEFORE!!!??????????ps. First time played it and I could not stop it... (over 11h played at once!)"
,Recommended,252470,23111323,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hippy,So first things first; this game is really different to SPAZ1; at this stage the game is relaivly short; I finished in 15 hours after doing the main quest and liberating half of the galaxy. All in all the game is fun but needs some polish prior to final release; worth playing though i thought; good fun.
76561197995072003,Recommended,252470,23073918,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[UGC]Sweetling #iFail,This game is a space version of mount and blade without the combat map.  Pretty freakin fun!
76561198011665771,Not Recommended,252470,23117076,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Gendor Skraivok,"Whole different game from SPAZ(1) and fans may enjoy it but here the galaxy doesn't care for you and it's literally just a sandbox where nothing ever changes, until the zombies comes, then changes only happen constantly."
,Recommended,252470,23049756,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zipcouda,"I find it quite funny that people are degrading a game within the first hour or two of gameplay. Though within that time you are basically playing the entire thing. However the excuses I see for their ""No"" vote is completely stupid. Such as ""They havn't said anything about the future."" Unlike most games they actually released a good version for their release and one that I personally don't feel needs additions. Now there are also people who have 56 hours when the game has not been released within the last 24 hours, but maybe they were testers.This is a stratagy game, and there are a lot of things I still don't know about it, learning things here and there. Now the game itself is different from the initial game, by a huge margine. The game is still awesome but don't expect this to be a carbon copy of Spaz. What I would say is if you enjoyed spaz, and don't know if you want to try something different then what it was, maybe watch it on twitch... or use the steam refund if you really don't enjoy it. I found it pretty addicting.Now something people should know ahead of time is that multiplayer is not currently avaliable. I have not seen any information as to why, but the single player was what we had on Spaz, and we all loved it.So just get the game and enjoy playing it for the value it has. Not to mention that its not as expensive as a triple A title, like the garbage battlefront. This is 20 dollars for a really decent game that has the same kind of gameplay as mount and blade almost. Not as large scale, but you will see the similarities.To be honest I personally have not experianced any bug what so ever. The game has good graphics, runs smoothly, has lots of auto saves. I have only had one crash which was right after it saved, maybe because it saved it crashed. I am unsure.I really don't want to go into a lot of detail about what the game has to offer because I want people to experiance it and enjoy it without me saying anything. And honestly if you want to check it over before you buy it, then go on twitch or youtube and watch it, stop reading reviews and look to see if its something you want to play.Look forward to seeing you all in multiplayer. Try not to let the zombies bite."
,Recommended,252470,23089536,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,FreedomFighter,"The Good:You build a shipyou keep building and enhacing that ship throughout the game with new weapons and parts you either tear off of other captains or buy from a starbase.Yes, you ship CAN be ugly...its kind of expected in the beginning as you are a junker and you take whatever odd piece you can get to replace the junk thats holding on by a thread on your current ship...as you progress...you find the styles of weapons and armor pieces differ between factions and you can build a truly beautiful ship...at least that was my experience.I myself used a ""triangle"" design vs a straight ""I"" design as i liked the way it looked and played.  Plenty of weapons, plenty of engines, good turning and good shields, couldnt ask for more.  Beat the game fairly easily once i got a good strategy down.The BAD:Some things arent explained well.  Its early access and its to be expected.  For 2 developers to anticipate everything, well, thats a statistic improbability.  Still, once you understand what to do, its a cakewalk going forward.  Not to say there isnt a challenge, as there is and there are times the odds are heavily stacked against you in a no win scenario, but you just have to pick up the pieces and move on by either loading your last save and trying something different, or playing the hardcore style and ejecting your escape pod and continuing as a junk ship again working you way back up.Its not spaz 1...its got that rebel galaxy feel to it, which is awesome.  Battles are a lot more fun and as your shields drop and enemies are pounding away on your battered ship, you actually worry about parts flying off, dramatically altering the flow of battle.  That goes both ways...an enemy ship giving you trouble? Maybe those saw blades are tearing up your ship?  Knock out his shields and concentrate all fire on that weapon...if you knock it off, and its still salvagable, you can keep it! ooooooOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRR if your good enough in the heat of battle...you can modify your ship and attach it to yours...finishing the enemy with his own weapon!!!  Not just that though, say an enemy knocks a weapon off you, you can use your grapple beam to reattach it, assuming again it wasnt destroyed in the process!!That...and you can use that grapple beam to whip things at your enemies...like say a rock...or a sign...or an explosive barrel!The beginning of the game is a little slow, and they are working on that...once you get a half decent ship and some decent weapons...no power in the verse can stop you!"
76561198047292553,Recommended,252470,23141255,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,devilindupriest,"I've been following the development of this game for several years, and now that it's in Early Access I have to say it's looking to be everything I hoped it would be.I'm about 10 hours in, and there's so much I want to do and try, I really think it's going to be highly replayable.  The scope of the game is huge, and there's so many ways to affect and interact with the universe.  In some ways I think it may be the ""living, breathing universe"" I was hoping for from Stellaris (also an excellent game, no dig intended).   It's not really similar, any more than it's similar to Space Rangers: HD, the only other game I can think of to compare it to, but it has elements that remind me of both games. Gameplay itself is rewarding and enjoyable, as well.There are some valid arguments that the early game is a bit slow and long, and the developer is already talking about plans to streamline that so you get to the big fun faster.  With so many ways to affect the universe the learning curve is a little steep, but they do a pretty good job of showing you the possibilities.  Learning how to best use all those tools is what takes time and effort.  UI is pretty decent in my opinion, and again they're already discussing ways to make it more intuitive.  I think some of that is just an artifact of the fact that there are so many things to do, which I'm highly in favor of.  I got tired of dumbed down 4 button games a long while back.Overall, for 4 years of development by a 2 man team, it's amazing.  It still needs some final polish, but I think they were in a good place to go Early Access while they still have some wiggle room to modify the UI and tweak balance, and they've been doing an amazing job of interacting with the players and discussing feedback.  The breadth and depth of the game are both just amazing.  If you enjoy having diverse macro scale options and deep tactical options, I think you'll really like this game in it's current state.  Frankly, I think they could have simply released it as is (other than certain things like placeholder voiceovers) and it would be considered an unrefined gem of it's own genre.  With what has been discussed so far in terms of plans for smoothing things out, and future support, I think it has the potential to be a true classic."
76561198031032552,Recommended,252470,23144752,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,grangoat,"I did enjoy this game, but it is still very buggy.  This is probably a result of the complexity of the countless AI pilots.  The game does allow a player to choose very unconventional strategies, but if you go off the path the programers anticipated the bugs start to compound into something game breaking.  For example, an enemy faction placed a large bounty on my base.  A very strong AI pilot then attacked my base to claim the bounty.  Rather than fight him, I invited the NPC to join my faction and set him as the owner of the base he was attacking.  After the battle I got a message that I had declared war on myself.  Thus I was no longer welcome to repair and such at my own bases and my faction members were hostile to me.  The game seemed to get progressively weirder after that point.  The designers need to find a way to allow the game to not be broken by a player using perfectly valid though unanticipated solutions."
76561198053969744,Recommended,252470,23047631,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,AstrihKonnash,"Editing review as it's getting some updates, SPAZ 2 is still in EA and so, bugs and glitches are bound to happen.Still playing in sandbox mode to learn the ropes (mostly combat), will start a normal campaign game soon.The game starts some time after SPAZ 1 ends. Rez is rare to get and there are many factions (the 1st game had 2) fighting for the sparce resources.The UI is good, love the synth voices.The fps is a bit low (have 8G memory plus a 2G video card - changing PC soon)The ship controls are a bit slow in combat mode (. Have an X-Box controller and hope to make it work. Got smashed on first combats but now I started to get it right.You don't have a mothership anymore, but you can build bases (need lv 12 for that - and grinding xp is tough) and get sideships as loot/buying from other faction's bases.Ship customization is amazing - you can make it looks (more or less) like a Space: 1999 (amazing old series!) ship or a Star Wars Imperial Star Destroyer; that depends on where and how you put the cores and the outer parts (nose, engine, left and right wings)And zombies - they are back, of course.Changed my rating to 7/10 (for now) - You can buy it, the updates are coming fast and the bugs are being squashed as soon as discovered."
76561198040531431,Recommended,252470,23058635,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Spacemike,Amazing Sequel! And the 3d aspect makes it even better along with the living universe!
,Recommended,252470,23349078,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Captain.Scarlet,"At the moment its not finished, in its unfinished state I have had only one crash.  As before with SPAZ 1 the team did continue to add to the game when complete so hopefully the same happens!The gameplay is nice and easy, so you pew pew things out of the sky (Unless you cheat and use the auto shoot functions).Love the visuals.Its on a 2d like plane and I usually like playing as the smaller ships in battle.I havent actually won yet (Keep getting blown up by AI that I keep annoying).I can't get the hang of reattaching stuff to the mothership so usually end up going ARGH REATTACH and try to slap it back on (a bit like when Ren slaps Stimpy) and it won't reattach until the shield comes up (Which then goes off because something was reattached).  Saying that when managing to win a battle after having to rebuild parts of your ship and at a 1/4 health its intense (Lucky shots if I am honest).  I do wish the smaller ships could be modified."
,Recommended,252470,23053269,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,atmosly_,"If you are SPAZ FAN and are following the reviews. Don't worry about then!Just BUY it, and switch the control to classic mode, and in combat press ""C"".YEAH You will have the Good Old SPAZ1 mode!OMG, and the this one... is amazing!Worth every penny! Devs need support to improve. And this is only the Early Game, imagine the future!"
76561198027085583,Recommended,252470,23054587,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,"Through A Mirror, Verily","*Edited10/10Hulls were breached,Science was leaked out.Learning how to ""De-donkey"" anything is a win.<EDIT>Okay so, 24hs clocked, I felt an update on my review was required.Space Pirates and Zombies 2 is extremely different from the original SPAZ. As many others have said before, if you're looking for ""similar gameplay"" to SPAZ 1, you won't find it here. What you will find, however, is a sandbox version of a game that differs hugely from its predecessor. 3D glorious battles, an infinite amount of customisation, 200 living, breathing, angry AI captains that won't hesitate in destroying you because of your rides rim colours...SPAZ 2 delivers a fantastic tale of comedy, tragedy, and Moon Burgers....Okay, maybe there arn't any Moon Burgers for you specifically. Future update mayhap?Anyway. You've got ship parts aplenty, zombies running rampant and other miserable space-folk to command or conquor. You probably wouldn't be here if you haven't at least seen SPAZ 1; I am 100% certain you would regret not buying this game. The creators are a marvellous bunch of pirates (or zombies?) and they are definitely worth supporting. Don't take my word for it though. Buy this game and find out for yourself.</EDIT>"
,Recommended,252470,23055131,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rippin Mc Nuggets,"Right from the beginning you can tell this game has been meticulously thought out. The beginning tutorial as an arcade game was just the first brilliant little nugget this game has to offer.There is an incredible level of detail in all aspects of the game, in flight, even in story mode transitions. I cannot wait for the real voice actors though, the computer voices are getting to me a bit.The collaborative fights add a fun tactical element to the game. Too weak to fight someone alone? Wait until they're being persued by a stronger captain and join forces.You start from scrap, literally, just getting one new part makes you feel a sense of pride.I didn't know exactly what to expect but I'm glad the developers went in the direction they did, sure it takes a while to learn the new ways to fight, but thats what the initial tutorials are for.I'm loving this game and can't wait to see what other ships / parts are out there!"
76561197971316077,Recommended,252470,23055153,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,White,"A great game, a evolution of the orginal Spaz 2 with a touch of inspiration from mount and blade... almost nothing negative to say about this game but nitpick which is sure to improve as the early access progresses along,"
76561198044366014,Recommended,252470,23055670,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Taralanth,"as of now i have only played to the zombie invasion but i can honestly say im haveing a blast! if you are looking for a clone of SPAZ 1 then look elsewhere this is a new game, with all the hummor and witt of the first one. You no longer need to spend 30 min mining its all done on the star map wich feels like a game in its self. The combat is so fun! My favorite moment was when i was up aganst a much stronger ship than i, i knew i could not stand up to it head on so i started thinking outside the box. i used my tractor beam to fling a stack of acid barrels at the enemy and used my gravity bomb/missile. his health bar only moved slightly and i was so woried i was going to get my butt handed to me, but when the smoke cleared i saw that the acid melted all oh his parts off! He was nothing but a core so i just shot him while he could do nothing but sit there and take it! NEVER underestimate the power of the tractorbeam and a little quick thinking!TL;DR Spaz2 very fun, not a spaz1 clone, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,252470,23130946,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Familiar_Enemy,Having lots of fun hunting down all the best parts for my ship!
76561198086018347,Recommended,252470,23132141,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tsilliev,"Wow, is this really an early access? Because it doesnt feel like one! So i was looking at what to play, interested in space game and then i look at spaz 2 and remember spaz was 2d and i dont like 2d space games but then i looked at the pictures and i saw it was 3d and also had a nice map, when i checked the review comments i saw that someone saying that it plays like Mount and Blade campaign mode and he was right!!!First you start with a small ship, the more you level the more you can expand that ship and put better weapons and better blocks with more health, armor and shields. Second thing is that there are other factions and that you can create your own, you can hire captains, assign starbase or a sector to a loyal captain and raid neighboring sectors, it does feel like in mount and blade but in space, note i thought map was randomized but its not, your starting position is and also in sandbox mode you choose how big  factions are so it changes their positions as well.The combat is so fun, you put whatever weapons you want, for an example,left side of ship vs shield, right side vs armor and front vs health or whatever combination you want, I am so glad i found this game, cannot believe it was release last week. Good job to the develops i like it a lot and i already played 2-3 days straight. The first time you start piloting your ship with w,a,s,d may feel clunky and bad because the ship doesnt turn where its nose looks but it turns where you, the camera looks at but besides that everything else is good, graphics are really nice, Although for the leveling part, in order to be able to create your own faction you have to be level 12, what i did was i went through the arenas of 10-15 starbases of other factions in order to level up to 12 instead of pirate hunting because they just dont give as that much of exp and are hard to find especially when everyone is chasing them.To mention to the readers that in the menu there is a greyed out multiplayer button meaning that devs will implement multiplayer in the future!!!If devs are reading this, good job, keep adding content and bug fixes, the main system feels good, although maybe give a possibility to choose different map sizes and have steam workshop plus randomized sector borders map!"
76561198019928339,Recommended,252470,23136420,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,druzilsupreme,"I was a huge fan of the first game, and was on board for a direct sequel. Instead, the developers have taken the ideas of the first game and expanded them dramatically.This made for something of a learning curve, as the game is substantially different than I had initially expected, however it is an excellent game and highly enjoyable. Just make sure you look at gameplay to know what you're getting into."
76561198022042302,Recommended,252470,23352752,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,El Ruchi,I love the game so far BUT still missing what i consider core features from the first one but hope we get at least some in the future.
76561198015017204,Recommended,252470,28225549,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wasted,good team .. please support
76561198042976720,Not Recommended,252470,35179202,Posted: 24 September,all,Zarkath,"Sadly the game feels very repetitive and grindy. Just to give you an indication: Very early you are asked to do the following in that order: Grind to level 5. Then grind reputation to a certain level. Then grind to level 15 so you can beat a certain encounter. Those quests wouldnt be an issue per se but the way to fulfill them is repetitive. Im a few hours in and i was hoping things would change along the way. Everything seems to be artificially gated behind those ""grindgoals"" and at this point i cannot bring myself to invest more time into this to find out if it gets different later."
76561198008632425,Recommended,252470,23074783,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DutchmanX,love this game. it doesn't completely copy of the original and instead breaks out to be even more awesome than the original. though i would like to see some of the bigger ships from the first game as support craft.
76561197971397754,Recommended,252470,23185502,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,betwixt,Excellent successor to SPAZ 1!
,Recommended,252470,23238950,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ominousicity,"definitely recommend folks who liked SPAZ1 and Rebel Galaxy check this game out.  Even at the time i write this, which is during the early access beta stage, the game shows significant polish and is very enjoyable in both the campaign and sandbox mode.  Devs continue to add funtionality and refine things, and there is every reason to believe the game will just get better and better.Ship combat is very reminiscent of broadside battling from Rebel Galaxy (also highly recommended) and should be a quick study mechanically for most people.  The combat can be as deep and strategic as you want it to be through micromanaging and min/maxing or as simple as steer and let the AI attack for you.NPC AI is a bit on the easy/dumb side, but hopefully that will be tweaked more as development progresses.Visit the official forums for more specifics on mechanics and gameplay, if you have particular itches that you want a game to scratch, but I honestly think anyone who likes spaceship combat, particularly where you are at the controls, will  enjoy playing this game.A warning for SPAZ1 players:  the game is now primarily a 3D 3rd person experience, although you can manually set the game to the top down perspective from SPAZ1.  There are gains and losses from this change.  Make sure to check twitch or youtube for gameplay videos if you think that change will be a big deal for you.  I do miss some of the charm of the top down, but in my book, the gains outweigh the losses.  If you have specific questions, please do not hesistate to ask :)"
,Recommended,252470,23056165,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sumidian,Enjoying this game so far! Love the new style of gameplay.
76561198027330287,Recommended,252470,26604795,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,lainlain,"I spent nearly 100 hours on just 2 different playthroughs on SPAZ 1,Now, i haven't spent that much time on SPAZ2 due to life occupations.But once I have cut all ties with society, I'll be able to spend twice the time on this awesome game, because it deserves it"
,Recommended,252470,23054028,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Aconight,"I got this game hoping that it would live up to SPAZ(AB!) and i wasnt disappointed. Though some things are alittle different, the lack of the warp beacon style travle for a start, the game it's self stays true to the original from crazy ship designs to the whacky sence of humour.The fights are Epic! Who doesnt love an arsenal of ever varied weapons raining hell on everything around you.The visuals, Stunning! I was dubious aabout 3D in SPAZ but being able to get up close and personal, target modules and RAM them off... well it just makes me feel like dA OrkZ r ERE BoYZ! Only thing missing is shouts for WAAGGGHHH! heh.The Starmap is fairly intuitive and the finer points aare picked up fast enough.Only one thing that bothered me and thats when in top down view, wasd is orientated to the screen, not the direction the ship itself is facing. Makes piloting alittle cumbersom.Whether new to SPAZ or an old timer, i would recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,252470,23114657,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Muzzled,"TL;DR: Imagine the difference between castlevania and castlevania 64Otherwise, here's my essay on why this game aint that great for a whole bunch of small reasons, and a few really big ones.| Pros over the original game: |+ Very VERY pretty backgrounds.+ Pretty okay story, a little better than the old one. I'm at the point where all of the mechanics have been introduced.+ It's a nice touch that the ""strike craft"" are just the standard ships from the original game.+ You can shoot bits off of other ships, then smack them in the face with the smouldering remains of what was their main engine. This gives no end of entertainment.| Things I feel neutral about: |~ You have to smack yourself in the face with powerups, if you don't feel like wasting energy mid fight. This amuses me.| Cons in relation to the original game: |- The movement system is beyond clunky, holy hell, it gets to the point where sometimes, for no reason, you just lose the ability to move forward mid combat, despite still having your engine and not sustaining serious damage- The building system for the mothership is clunky and frustrating, in no way even a pale shadow of the original's modification system. Want to remove a part from the middle of your ship? Tough. You have to bend over and remove every part attached to it, sweetie. Want to remove a part at all? Better hope the physics don't glitch out and just leave the part where it is so it snaps right back on. Want a specific part? Well, I'd like world peace, but we don't always get what we want. You get to just beg and hope that you get the part you need from the grace of RNGesus. While this does afford a certain sense of jury rigging, which fits the story, it really isn't as fun as getting what you need.- Faction relations. Want to ally with a faction so you can focus on the things that matter, such as anything other than senseless bickering and violence? Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ cupcake, you get to feed endless thousands of credits and countless good deeds into the maw of an unfeeling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. Some AI captains will just hate you, and this would be okay. Hell, it makes perfect sense given the story. If you could actually permanently kill a captain. There's no sense of permanence.- You can't actually kill any other captain. The only tangible effect you can have is possibly maneuver them to kill themselves with a zombie-captain, which will infect them, and now you have a totally different problem. It wouldn't even be a problem that you can't kill a captain if they had to restart from scratch, but no, they get their ship right back from warranty or some nonsense. Your options, on the other hand, for getting killed is; 1: Save Scum, or 2: Throw away literally hours of progress in the interest of not save scumming.- Ganking from mean AI captains. Some captains don't like you. Some captains will chase you down across the galaxy with ships an order of magnitude more powerful components, repeatedly attempting to fight you. This would be fine, right? Nope, the game gives other captains who don't like you the opportunity to join in on the fun. Up to three. Your only option is to savescum, which can lead you into the unfortunate situation where your only recent saves leave you mere light years from the angry captains. I got out of three such situations by running really hard and scraping them off on bandits.- Totally useless ""strike craft,"" which are differentiated from ""fighters"" by being slower, easier to hit, and only marginally better weaponry. Once your strike craft are gone, it seems that you can pull in reinforcements, but it doesn't seem very clear how many exactly. I find myself very often without a single strike craft to help out, while the AI stations that you can attack seem to have the ability to respawn them at will.- Runs really poorly when bigger battles really get going with horrendous orgies of particle effects. I've dropped down to well below 30 fps, despite the game not using more than half of the graphics card and CPU. Not sure if this has to do with Unity (the engine the game is made in) or the dev, but speaking as an amateur developer using Unity myself, this doesn't seem acceptable.I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. The dev tried their level best to innovate from the original game. But sadly, sometimes the wheel is round for a reason, and sometimes physically simulated EVERYTHING isn't done in most games for a reason."
,Recommended,252470,23054109,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ShadowAngel,One of the best games i played this year!
76561198011768105,Recommended,252470,23215495,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,LordFjord,"What a start for an early access title! Especially for a 2-man dev like Minmax.While on the outside the game looks fast, flashy and colorful, there is so much more ""under the hood"". The background sim with the 200 captains, the factions, relations, economy, its all well thought out.Building your own ship is interesting and offers a lot of different play styles. From longrange missileboat, carrier or closecombat laser/cannon boats, everything is possible.The combat is tactical, can become really hard when you picked the wrong enemies. Disabling shields, punch through the armor and dismantling the enemy ship part by part is great fun.I won't spoil the campaign, the texts are hilarious/fun to read, the computer voices make me giggle, the boss fights are great (especially the final one).I'm looking forward on how SPAZ 2 evolves. I am really hoping for a coop multiplayer mode (once you figure out a mechanism for the ""time"" in map mode that works for multiple players)."
,Recommended,252470,23105712,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,mikehobbit,"Huge fan of the original here, dispite some of the hate I will say I feel like i am playing a great part 2 my first few hours and impressions are fun this is spaz 2 .I get the feeling i will be playing much more of this gameI do not feel like this game will make me put it away to forget it like some other gamesI like S.P.A.Z 2I recommend getting S.P.A.Z 2I have not found any problems runs good on my system the learning curve was not a botherI only hope that modding support would be available for at least the single player aspect of the game. This is however not my game and I understand the ownership thing unlike most consumers, buying a copy does not give you rights to building the game.over all so far with few hours in play as a first impressions i give it a 9/10 for the Its here wow and it is fun and it is spaz and it is not a disaster its fun and im glad to be playing S.P.A.Z 2I like S.P.A.Z 2"
76561198015780059,Recommended,252470,23045485,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Punisher,S.P.A.Z 2 is different to S.P.A.Z 1 but I really like how it evolved.==========UPDATE 29.03.17===========The devs are constantly updating the game and it gets better and better. Now with a huge map and an insane amount of possibilities to customize the sandbox mode.
,Recommended,252470,23087069,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ExiledLie,"This game may be in early access but you definently couldn't tell unless you questioned why all the voices were synthisized.It is rare for me to find a game that makes me lose track of time due to how much fun I am having, and this game is one of those rare moments."
76561198032815689,Recommended,252470,23198673,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Riec,"I realy like that Game, 75 houres played right now and i will play a little more.Finished the game 2 times and now im on the hardest possible scenario so the game itself is not that long but u can play nearly endless.Theres only one map still now, i hope the make more and of corse much larger.And i realy miss an Ironman Modus save and load everythink is way to easy.I hope they bring more options and ways to construct the ships because the most bild of the npc are real stupid because they waste space on the ships.overall its an 8/10 for me but its still in development so il bet its not the end of the line."
76561198022558623,Recommended,252470,23154531,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,XyX,"Nice game, only the storyline is very short"
,Recommended,252470,23315870,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cobalt Wraith,"The mechanics of the game are everything I was hoping for, and as I understand it there are still great features to come. Here are my highlights.The awesome:The galaxy seems alive - It's neat to see all the other factions and captains doing their thing, although they sometimes mess up what you're trying to do.The lore - You can play the game without having played the first, but if you did you are in for plenty of cameos and easter-eggs.The meh (things that are both good and bad):Customization - You can build pretty much whatever shape and size ship you want, which is awesome! Heavily offset however by the fact that it feels like you are just throwing stuff together based on value, with no idea what it will actually do for you. The tutorial is rushed and the stats never feel intuitive.Combat - The battles manage to remain just interesting by the end to keep from being tedious. I’ve never seen the slingshot mechanics show in the videos be effective, and in later chapters you are just pulverizing the same stuff over and over and over and… The redeeming thing here is seeing what new weapons on you ship do, and eventually taking on fleets single-handed.The ugly:Holy grind Batman - I saw an update from the developers recently talking about how surprised they were that the players felt the game was a grind fest. I don’t know how that is the case… The game is fairly open as far as being “required” to do anything, but your only two real options in my opinion are to blow stuff up and get stronger, and play the storyline. Thin Skyrim, but if the developers only put in a single questline. Adding side quests or anything of meaning would help here!Storyline - *Spoilers to follow* There are a grand total of maybe 5 objectives. Learn to use your ship, blow something up that is most of the map from you, build a base somewhere, go back and blow more stuff up in the same place, then go blow your own base up because reasons (we can’t spoil everything here after all). Because the objectives are at set levels rather than adapting to your current ability, the first few are relatively easy and the last one takes several hours of grind to beat. Again without ruining everything, this made the last fight pretty since I had progressed so much to beat the base prior to the boss fight, that the last battle was a pushover.Overall I have to give the game a net positive, particularly since it is still in early access! There are some things I would love to see changed, such as having more to do and more adaptive quests/missions, but from what I’ve seen the developers are incredibly responsive and I fully expect the game to improve over time. I have yet to try the multiplayer features and will likely update my review after doing so, as that is another thing I am fairly excited for. Thanks for the experience MinMax!Edit for 0.3.0Well the Devs certainly know how to move fast and please their audience. Obtaining parts through the stores, comparing stats, and the process of building your ship have been massivly improved in only a few short weeks. I'm hopefull more will be added to the gameplay and that further achievments will be added in the near future, but I am seriously impressed with the development pace on this game."
,Recommended,252470,26236746,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ahoa,A little different from Spaz 1 but still retains its catchy personality.
,Recommended,252470,26246588,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Deus Sinistro,Really love the 3d aspect of the game.
,Recommended,252470,28556811,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DrunkenPirate,Braaaains!
76561198011498100,Recommended,252470,29982200,Posted: 17 February,all,SkidaRu,"...Asleep in your chimney, giggle in the darknessDoll that I made from the hair in your armpitsCut it while you sleeping, staring at you while you eating."
76561197979997855,Recommended,252470,23330849,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,gdj97001,"This game is full featured and complete even in its early access state.  The game could use some tweaks to the tutorial and level progression, but core mechanics are fun and engaging.The underlying economy (200 independent captains and factions) is impressive and creates interesting and emergent gameplay as NPCs and the player interact and build toward the ultimate conclusion.The game would benefit from a manual, which is in work, since many of the icons and stats are poorly explained.  The implementation seems to be complete but sometimes the player is left a bit confused.The only frustrating part of this current build is how the game handles NPC captain death.  If the player dies, the game is over, but if any of the NPC captains die, they are resurrected.  This is not a problem for neutral captains or even \""normal\"" enemy captains, but this is particularly frustrating when dealing with zombie captains.  It is understandable to ensure a consistent 200 captains, however, when a zombie captain is defeated, they should be penalized in some way to reduce their threat level and potentially be placed on a timer before they can actively participate in the economy.  Without this change, I have found myself fighting the same zombies over and over again."
76561198031756758,Not Recommended,252470,25805982,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,HAGLER,I like the first one better. Map was simpler to navigate and the story wasnt as complicated. Gameplay in this one has become difficult instead of smoother. Graphics were enhanced a bit and choice between over view and first person swivel is nice but the enemies are super hard right from the getgo as well as ship attachments are fuzzy and hard to attach. Kepp it simple just enhance looks and weapons etc.. Not my fav.
76561197973796946,Recommended,252470,26185436,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Kyle1NSpace,"I see why it is still in early access, but still manages to capture what a full game can be.  A rare gem."
76561198003135729,Recommended,252470,26639721,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,fuzziestwolf,A friend who liked SPAZ 1 asked if he should get SPAZ 2.  I told him that SPAZ 2 was like the original game had a baby with X3.  He bought it immediately.
,Recommended,252470,23313164,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Megabear,"I'm very impressed with the game, and the content available is already worth the money I spent.  I ran into 0 bugs, and once I got past the tutorials (or lack thereof, will get to that), the game became immensely fun.  It's got RPG, action and strategy elements neatly together that make this game a very entertaining experience.  I can see how this game will do well on consoles as well.  There is only one issue I wasn't happy with, which is the lack of proper tutorial (yet).  I'm sure the dev is working on it, but for the time being the community has come up with a solid guide so new players can refer to that here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/252470/discussions/0/364042703867242670/"
,Recommended,252470,26146197,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Krampus,Made with gobs of slimey passion and festering heart.
76561197985900913,Recommended,252470,23269509,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,The Icecream Snowman,"SPAZ 2 is the good kind of sequel, it isn't just more of the same thing with a new price tag; it's an evolution of the same concept with new mechanics.Rather than managing a small squad of ships, you just fly the one big one.  This has the same kind of feel as Rebel Galaxy: it feels like sailing because everything in the 3D world moves about in the x-y plane.  If you've ever played any other space sandbox you'll know that 50% of your time was spent fling in small circles, which is mercifully absent in SPAZ 2.The other 50% of your time in other space sandboxes was probably spent in menus, trying to maximise you trading profit or just wondering where the sexy time you're meant to be going.  SPAZ 2 (also like Rebel Galaxy) almost uniquely has a plot and tells you where to go.  There are some menus to noodle about in but there's no trading for ores, food etc.  Just selling scavenged ship parts and buying new ones.  You can even directly swap components in the shop menu.  This leaves you spending most of yout time playing, rather than wrestling with the game.There's also a nice learning curve to be found.  Early in the game, while trying arena fights, I soon found out that if your shields go down, you're doomed.  I had to learn what the different weapons, both on my ship and the enemy are, and how best to exploit them.  You have to know what your ship is built for, be it rushing in, stipping shields and running away, or staying out of range of the enemy guns while you wear them down.These choises come into effect when you build your own ship.  You can choose build a long or short range ship, or you can have a mix of everything.  That said, you'll probably just fit whichever parts are of the highest quality and adapt to what you've got.  Your ship will also be L-shaped with one side which is designed to face the enemy, carrying all your big guns, the other side will carry your point defences, missiles and weapons for bringing down fighter craft.  Either through a patch or modding, I'd like to see some more variety here - components with angled connections so they have to go on corners or end pieces, with obvious bonuses to comensate for their awkwardness.  Perhaps the larger modules might require a double layer of attachments, i.e. you can't stick them onto a single row of cores, you need to double them up to be able to use the biggest, baddest guns.Speaking of components, you'll fit what's got the best stats out of what you can find.  There might the the perfect weapon for you but you'd never know without trundling around every station looking in the trade menu.  Perhapse, once you own a starbase, you might be able to go on Space-Amazon and order parts and specify the quality.  The trade off being you'll pay a premium to avoid having to go outside.  Just like in real life.  Perhapse an upgrade system might be implementable, using Rez, goons, scrap and duplicate items to upgrade the quality of your favourite componenets.After a while, once you've built your unstoppable death machine, all you need to do is angle your ship with the big guns towards the enemy and rain doom from afar.  If you've put a couple of big engines on, you'll never need to come within range of the (generally better balanced) enemy ships.  In the end-game I knew what was coming and that I can deal with it, there were no surprises left and I felt like I was just hoovering up zombies, who multiply faster than I can kill them.  Maybe with some more variaty from the enemies, this would change.  Interceptor capital ships would have given me a very hard time, as I had only a few small guns, poorly positioned for broad siding.  This would also feel more piratey and force me to compromise my ship design, leaving me to wonder what I'll come up against next, and how will I deal with it, now that me ship is no longer optimised for a specific task.I don't know if the game engine can handle it but it would be nice to have more than four capital ships per fight.  Perhaps (if it's possible) the fights might be limited to a number of cores, allowing a mob of small ships to harass you, or one super ship to stomp on you.I had fun with SPAZ 2, and I'll have more fun again when it comes out of early access.  Then more again when people start modding it."
76561197994344833,Not Recommended,252470,35210558,Posted: 25 September,all,dada,"Flaws in the basics, careless design, quite repetitive and shallow gameplay.. Space Pirates and Zombies with ""Bandits"" instead of Pirates xDsadly not recommended..!"
,Recommended,252470,23264160,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Valkor,"Finally a proper sequel to a game, other games wish they had a sequel this sequely.It isn't SPAZ1, and it doesn't try to be. It has all the good bits, and the bad bits got massaged quite a bit. Diplomacy actually matters now, and it is a broadside brawler moreso than a top down Escape Velocity-like. It is still possible to use the top down view, however. The story exists and, like SPAZ1, is hilarious enough to bother reading and paying attention to.Despite being early access at the moment, I definitely suggest getting it. There's very little left to be done, and the only other Early Access game that was released with this much polish and playability is Factorio.RETICULATING SPLEENS^ this is the line that made me fall in love <3"
,Not Recommended,252470,35199105,Posted: 25 September,all,Misunderstood,"Really enjoyed the first spaz.This one reminded me too much of Rebel Galaxy.Many people love it, I personally don't.I like better either x-3 style space sims, or the original 2d spazGot quickly bored after mining a few debris fields on the 2d map"
,Recommended,252470,28871243,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Imperial,"Fun game, reminds me of space rangers and star control. For early access plays really well."
,Recommended,252470,28934329,Posted: 2 January,all,Petroph,"I've played this for 4 hours straight. Its now 4 am at the time of this review. Lots of pew pews, and explosions. 10/10 Would Pew pew again....."
,Recommended,252470,28813678,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,confused_enemy,"I am very excited about this game and really enjoy sinking my time into it. I have not played the first SPAZ but have youtubed it a fair bit. I guess that would be a good game but man, this 2nd game @4k ultra is totally on roids!The battles are epic and just way too much fun, it is possible to gank much higher levels by leading enemies toward safer grounds with the hopes of higher faction members coming to your rescue. This can level you up fast in later levels, like every match.The interface is great, some extra alt hot keys would be nice (like alt keys on enter or ok etc) or to have common buttons appear near another overlay common buttons as sometimes mousing around in 4k can be annoying (ingame dynamic positioning of windows would be even better here).The game was a bit slow for me at first, but once I got the hang of it it started to roll much quicker. Ship design is super fun. I would like the ability to save ship designs at starports so I can roll a ship based on what metrics I required per battle as long as the parts were available in personal storage (or get alerted to buy missing ones if needed and in stock at the station)Overall, this is a bluddy brilliant game and I am looking forward to seeing how this ends up with multiplayer :)Can't talk, must blow sheet up!"
76561198247184074,Recommended,252470,28934797,Posted: 2 January,all,sleepingdragon,SPAZ 2 is great game combat and graphic probaly the best space action by far simple but they deliver good time while at it.
76561198007470557,Recommended,252470,28828795,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TriXx,"Fantastic game. Well thought out, balanced, and has ton's of room for replay. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,252470,28975869,Posted: 3 January,all,Ultima Virus,"An improvement over every aspect of SPAZ1. It's more complicated, but for the better overall. Although it's an Early Access game it feels pretty complete, although I can't wait to see what else happens!"
,Recommended,252470,31534505,Posted: 3 May,all,"ezixen, last of my name :)",:)
76561198006483351,Recommended,252470,29425863,Posted: 22 January,all,Ueuelr Star8urst,"If you played SPAZ you will love this, so go ahead any buy the game. If you haven't played SPAZ and got to this game page then go buy SPAZ and play it. Then come back if you had fun and buy SPAZ 2!"
76561197961060149,Recommended,252470,23074121,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,tmpsth2k2,"Game is fun, but not SPaZ1 level, slower, weirder, need a lot more options.Building the mothership with a preset plan would be nice, plz add research!Like the first SpaZ, time just flew by with this game."
76561198007303672,Recommended,252470,23074095,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Renrul,loved the first game and love this one.  very different direction but i still like it.  its fun to manually aim and shot off enemy's weapons n engines.  i like the story and it runs smothly and doesnt crash for me.  the controlls are awkword at first but once u get the hang of it its a blast.
76561198003025247,Recommended,252470,29462942,Posted: 24 January,all,LK,The game has great potential!!! But need to improve the already present content and make the AI harder.
76561197995097547,Recommended,252470,28677573,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[SS]Deadeye,"Is it 2:30 a.m. already?  Yea, it's one of those games."
76561197973251520,Recommended,252470,29604806,Posted: 31 January,all,Edward,"Dude i So need a Bio-Port update, oh the Pwnage. Seriously this game is to date the funnest space combat game EVER MADE! It doesnt force you to sit around and tweak your colonies or worry about where thier♥♥♥♥♥♥is being flushed to(pollution). Nope, lets get guns, blow some♥♥♥♥♥♥up, save the universe, and have some fun doing it! Visually the game is kinda just fun to play, the script in the story line is great(hilarious). Not sure if they are gonna get real voices at some point because the comp voices are funny to hear but again the game was well enouph written to where I'm confident real voices could deliver this even better! To those who havn't tried this game yet you probly should. To those who actually don't like this game, ya know what,♥♥♥♥♥♥off, cause you dont know what a good game is ya dirty no good zambie!"
,Recommended,252470,23124189,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Iczel,"If you enjoy strategy games, building spaceships, and expanding territorial control of the galaxy... you will probably enjoy this game.  So far i'm enjoying the story...https://youtu.be/q0EdQMgKCy0"
,Recommended,252470,30139373,Posted: 24 February,all,Steven Smiley,"This game is amazing. It is quite different from SPAZ 1 but it's just as good, if not better. The best way to describe this game is Mount and Blade: Warband in space. I love M&B Warband, and the overworld of that is exactly like the overworld of SPAZ 2. If you like Mount and Blade for the politics and overworld stuff you will most definitely like this. The combat systems are fairly different but they're both just as fun."
76561197971088364,Recommended,252470,23077030,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rale,It's a good game. Don't expect a SPAZ clone with better graphics. It is it's own game.
,Recommended,252470,35142308,Posted: 22 September,all,wangyuzhou518,This is like Mount & Blade in space.
,Recommended,252470,35199316,Posted: 25 September,all,Perfume xo,"I bought this game not knowing what to expect and was not dissapointed, this game delivered on all aspects; with great voice acting, an active and ever changing map with fun quests, and gorgeous graphics.As the discription says this game is unlike the original SPAZ in many aspects namely the squad management, which has been changed to a more fast paced action intense shooter, which all though may get repedative at times is more often then not entertaining and fun.The new ship design mode allows you to create your dream spaceship and have fun messing around with parts to create a deadly combo.Theres also an added arena mode which lets you battle with tricked outspaceships in a simulation mode allowing you to get a feel for your own endgame potential and try out an array of cool designs.Overall i'd deffinately reccomend the game for the price even in the current state, and am keen to see new additions once its fully developed."
,Recommended,252470,23073632,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,F4rewell,Very fun and addictive space-shooter with nice faction dynamics.
76561198082805607,Recommended,252470,28074378,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VokriindLahzey,Great game with fun humor and sciense
76561198045915437,Recommended,252470,23125757,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,elirocket,"Honestly one of my favorite game series ever. Lots of lore and crazy stuff to do, beautiful graphics and gameplay that will draw you in. Very loveable characters and witty dialogue. Hope the full game has more Lore to discover and places to go."
,Recommended,252470,23126626,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Insolent Fool,"Spaz 2 is a fun game and brings some cool new features to the series like modular motherships, controlling your own faction and putting more interaction in combat. Now you can power to shields to block attacks and throw debris at your enemies with your tractor beam. It also lets you put your ship back together mid fight which is pretty cool.The graphics are nice, watching your miniguns spraying tracer fire at incoming missile volleys is pretty awesome and most weapons will be easily recognisable from their fire.The level up system is kinda pointless, you get 3 options which the game cycles back through. Giving you silly choices like +25% weapon damage or 10% more salvage. Once you pass level 35 it runs out of new choices so you can get the ones you skipped anyway.  Big downgrade from being able to specialise in Spaz.There is no voice acting in early access for the campaign, they use voice synthesizers as a place holder and it's not great. If that sounds like it would bug you then wait for full release where it will be changed.While I enjoyed spaz 2 I prefered the first one which I played through a few times.I beat the story in about 14 hours, and you could easily do it in less on your first play through. In it's current state and the way the faction system works with the infection and final battle I don't want to play a second time. The faction system and base building is quite well balanced against the other factions but against the infection is pointless and predictable.With some balancing tweaks from the infection/faction interaction, making the pirates actually do something and increasing the maximum amount of captains in a battle (Especially with multiplayer) it will be even better, but is defintely worth getting if you enjoyed Spaz.Looking forward to coming back once multiplayer is out."
,Recommended,252470,23126669,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Retalus,"In the first game, people complained about how grindy it was to harvest asteroids. Now, people complain that they removed the asteroid grind.Combat is  like a sci-fi naval battle. Ships turn and wheel ponderously, firing broadsides, chunks flying off, and when they finally explode, they sink. You then circle their corpse and pluck out any salvagable parts, adding them to your own frankenstein ship.You'll start to remember AI captains by name and form a history with them. I hated Dr Maneater after he extorted me for cargo several times, but after I saw him being ganged up on by a rival faction, I came to his rescue. Shortly afterwards, after we plucked the carcasses clean, the enemy faction came after me for revenge. None other than Dr Maneater rushed to defend me, and later in the game he became my permanent wingman. Things like this emerge from the star map organically.Drawbacks include a steep learning curve and of course, departure from the first game. Nostalgia burns hot with some of these reviewers, but I'm ready to see where this game goes"
76561198311508774,Recommended,252470,29798377,Posted: 9 February,all,Owen Wow,"At the current state, it's pretty good for a few playthroughts, but after that it gets a bit repeatetive and boring. Waiting for multiplayer update, could be fun."
76561198058638791,Recommended,252470,29890839,Posted: 12 February,all,thethomasgeorge,"Like the first one, the guys are working on it, making sure everyone is happy. They are dedicated and listen to constructive feedback. Very much worth getting."
,Recommended,252470,31667092,Posted: 10 May,all,Big Bubba B,Shoot em up + rts = win
76561198170191947,Recommended,252470,23125572,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,narib414,"At first I thought this was going to be another bland boring game.  I was wrong.  All I can say is that the last time I was this hooked, engaged, and intrigued in the story line was Freelancer.  Best $20 I've spent in a while!  Definatly worth a buy for me!"
,Recommended,252470,23276527,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lazuras29,i have been waiting with baited breath for such a long time for this game! I love it! its hard as hell right now but fun none the less!
,Recommended,252470,23153507,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,⎛⎝Aarki⎠⎞,"So, after the recent big updates I have checked out the game again to get a good grasp of all the changes. And a lot has happened in the meantime indeed, and I've been playing through the game from lvl 1 - 45+ again just because there's so much new stuff in it now.Pros:-The combat is nice. While not exactly the same as in SPAZ 1, the tractor beam and reload mechanics, as well as the ramming and breaking parts off of enemy vessels make it possible to utilize your skill and still win against objectively stronger enemies. The new, revamped strike craft are also pretty much in line with their SPAZ 1 strength, too.-The faction system and starbase ownership make for a neat little minigame and provide some emergent gameplay, too. People come to shop for resources and new parts, every faction has it's own economy and by conquering new territory you get access to better and bigger ship parts, too.-The bounty and relationship system are pretty nice, they provide a good way of controlling the AI captains and allow you to play the game strategically without having to do everything yourself. Then again not everyone might like playing just with little white triangles, numbers and dots on a starmap. Still, it allows you to put your excess money to good use.-Zombies as a whole can get rather terrifying if you have them around right from the start. As they absorb more captains and territories, they put more and more pressure on the rest of the galaxy and the player, making for a quite unique challenge compared to the first game where nothing really happened unless you progressed through the story. Of course if you turn down the difficulty, their progression stagnates at a certain point though.- Ship customization has been revamped, and while the new, global part catalogue has made it easier to get all the things that you really want, the core synergy system puts a bit more oomph into your design choices and puts an end to the first-order-optimal line or L-shaped ships.- Side events and flavor stuff are being implemented now, too. Mining operations where you can stock up on rez in relative safety and better bandits that actually provide some decent loot and XP even further into the game.- The new strike craft system is pretty close to how you handled your ships in SPAZ 1. Collect blueprints, pick a hull, customize the loadout and deploy those SRM spam freighters until your PC melts from all the missile spam.Cons:-Research/lvling is just a randomized ""Pick 30% more shields/armor or health"" thing. Most of the time you don't even get the choices that you need or want, and it can leave you crippled until you suddenly hit that magical RNG roll and get +30% weapon power that enables you to steamroll everything. Would really love some more customization and playstyle-tinkering here.-You won't get to see all the neat crazy weapons and big, beautiful ship parts until one of the factions/your faction has basically conquered half of the map. You only get the better/exotic weapons (mass drivers, fighter bays, etc.) if a starbase is connected to several others that have certain specializations. So for example one type of map sector gives you better engines. You have to capture 4 of those sectors and connect them to one another with starbases in order to get the biggest engines for your faction specialization. Good luck trying to do that with all of the other factions, the zombies and ever increasing starbase build costs. Once you're at the point where you can conquer enough sectors to unlock all the parts, you'll probably not need them anymore. <--This has been solved by giving us custom order parts. If you have the cash, you can just make any part that you want, even if no faction would be able to sell it normally- The inverted difficulty curve might still put off people, just like with Mount&Blade. You start out as a lowly lvl 1 guy among a galaxy of established captains and factions, and have to work your way up from there. As soon as you have a strong foothold, however, you can start steamrolling everything rather easily.- Crew is now just a resource to repair your ship. No boarding, no suicide pods, no picking up escape pods from your blown apart enemies and filtering out the new crew applicants through your trusty airlock. You still get to see people venting into space when your enemies break apart, but you really have to squint your eyes to notice it.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Not Recommended,252470,23048531,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Extell,"This new game broke heavily away from what made the first game fun. The combat is not fun, just a lesson in organized chaos."
,Not Recommended,252470,23352248,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mierda,"eveything that made SPAZ1 interesting is gone, SPAZ 2 is merely a dumbed down version of the first game, reeks of casual gameplay.its sad to see that the devs who made the first game worked 4 years on this thing, they literally chopped off every neat part of SPAZ 1, it feels like its made for kids."
76561198006534571,Not Recommended,252470,23049095,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,erodahs,"It's not SPAZ... not in the least.  The first person perspective and emphasis on flying your base around does not capture the original fun and speed that I really enjoyed with Spaz.  It's no longer about tempting fate and flying and ship close to an unfriendly base just to get some of the minerals its mining or flying around your fast little ship and avoiding detection.  To be honest, after starting it up I was hopeful, the humor seemed there and despite the lack of voice acting (which I understand is coming later) the gameplay itself just does the original no justice.  I have never before asked for a steam refund, until today"
76561198019390718,Not Recommended,252470,23075148,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sytistyranno,"I'm still trying to give this a chance, but honestly, I was looking for an upgraded SPAZ experience. This feels like something altogether different."
,Recommended,252470,23047303,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Miroslav,Just Love the game!
,Recommended,252470,23058984,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,•TGC• Illumi-Rorschach,"Waited a long time for this, now here it is. Will review later, so far looks like I'm loving it..."
76561197972054027,Not Recommended,252470,23082409,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Spinewire,"Ship combat is unweildy at best, ship upgrading is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and the upgrades are uninspired +5% hull etc. It is nothing like spaz1.I got a refund."
76561198041141958,Not Recommended,252470,23105904,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kregantis,"Its not just that this game is a massive dissapointment, its just terrible ontop of that. SPAZ 1 was awesome and grand in scope, this game is tiny, tedious, has a terribly built world map system and was basically in every way a dissapointment. Its early access so i honestly hope this is just the bare bones and they do a hell of a lot of upgrading, but seriously i can not recommend anyone gets this in its current stage. Its not even remotely like SPAZ nor does it have any of the fun."
76561198015104530,Recommended,252470,23348342,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HoshiSama,BUY IT
76561197969023173,Recommended,252470,23340626,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nanowave,"Is SPAZ 2 better then the first? Not quite IMHO. Is it a damn fine game worth the asking price? Hells yeah!The only things that let the game down a bit are not really big things, just slightly frustrating little things.Pro's-Decent sized galaxy map-Lots of lore to uncover as you open up new areas, good for new players.-Apart from a few small things (Part icon legend so you know whats what) the UI is well done.-Looks good-Can see alot of the style as first game just alot more 3D-Controls are intuitive, I prefered the control setting that made it play more like Rebel Galaxy personally but it feels good either way.-Decent story, will be alot better when the proper voice acting is in but very playable as is.Con's-Not easy to tell if a peice is an upgrade and to replace a bit deep inside your built ship you have to pull alot of it apart to get it in there, really need a part replace option and better ways to show stats on the ship peices.-If you upgrade one of your starbases to its max it still falls very easily to other captains, I seem to lose them quite oftem after building them to random ship captains-Miss the Blueprint/tech system from the original, while the new system (salvaged random parts) isnt really a con it just doesnt feel as fun as the original. Also to a lesser extent not having pre designed ships and now having to build them from random parts that dont really look all that good.-Too much neon in the ships imo, but thats just a personal taste thing, some people like it.After all that though I highly recommend SPAZ 2, while I still like the first one more, the second game is far from crap, its just diffrent."
,Recommended,252470,23137185,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Spear Deer,"This EA game is what early access games should feel like. Currently (a few days after launch into EA) it is the bones of a masterpiece. It already has so many things that I would be enthused by in a finished game, and the love and attention the developers have poured into crafting the systems and the engine are very apparent.  This game really feels like a SPAZ4, not a SPAZ2 if we're being real, its that large of a difference (and improvement so far).A lot of reviews you'll read will be comparing this to SPAZ, and knocking off points for discrepencies. It is very much worth mentioning that the vast majority of these complaints are comparing elements of SPAZ that are simply not implemented in SPAZ2 yet (voices, more robust campaign, procedural quests etc). Really the only thing thats fair to compare between the two games is the engine, and the systems driving gameplay, since those seems to be here in a largely complete way.That being said, this game isn't complete, and If you're looking for a narrative game I would wait until they put the 'Fin' stamp on the campaign.What this game is right now is a ♥♥♥♥in' awesome space sandbox, with interesting events, and compelling gameplay. I'm loathe to imply that this game is derrivative, but if I had to compare it to other titles I would say its the happy, space-baby of Mount&Blade: Warband and Sid Meier's Pirate's (which is to say two of the best games ever made).Good job guys. You ♥♥♥♥in' killed it. 10/10"
76561198009652718,Recommended,252470,23057488,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,maximus258,"amazing!, well worth the money. :D"
76561198013019948,Recommended,252470,23084412,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Skywalkerb,"Campaign is slow at the start as you figure out how to get resources and build a ship, but once you do start to have the littlest bit of competency this game gets SO FUN. It's been out 2 days, and 2 days in a row I have completely accidentally stayed up til 5 in the morning just because I didn't notice the passing of time.As others have said, if you like Mount & Blade, then you should like this game; it's M&B in space. It has almost the exact same overarching idea, and similarly captures that feeling of starting as an absolutely powerless nobody and rising through the ranks to become king of everything.You start the game literally flying pieces of garbage around the galaxy, scavenging from battles between bigger armies and doing arena fights to cobble together a modest fighter of your own (just like M&B). From there, there's a paradigm shift to working within a faction, defending a single outpost, and touching on relationship building (just like M&B). Then there's ANOTHER paradigm shift as you start your own faction and focus on managing multiple outposts and spreading your own influence, commanding other dudes to do what you were doing mid-game. JUST LIKE M&B. I mean all of this as an absolute compliment, as it is pulled off very well already in early access, and I look forward to any improvements they have in store here to polish the experience. It is already very streamlined, though.When it comes to the actual battles, again, in the very beginning you're just flying around with no clue what to do. As you build up your strength - not just by getting new gear and xp, but by actually building the skills necessary to construct a worthy ship and actually use it well (and then, mid-game, playing the meta-game of interstellar politics) - battles become incredibly fun. That moment when you take your ugly POS ship and totally refashion it into something sleek and powerful (use more than one nose and engine!) and can start stomping all over people is such a great feeling. Not only that, but it's when the fights get really fun and interesting. At first, it's admittedly kinda boring because you don't have any kind of strategy if you're just hoping to brute-force your way through every fight. Once you figure out what you're doing though, there are a ton of possible strategies, e.g., snipe from a distance, focus on shield strength so you can kite, hit and run with strong engines, constant missle barrage, etc etc. The arenas are great to showcase a lot of the different build types you can come up with.For real, the company is called Minmax, and you can (and should) minmax the F out of this game.Anyway, once you get to about level 10 or threat level 30ish, battles get awesome. It's a fun mix of flying in with your buddies to just stomp all over some poor sucker that thought it'd be a good idea to steal your Rez, a protracted drawn-out 2v2 45-minute long desperate fight to the finish, a panicked flight to the fail gate, sieges on starbases, and so on. My favorite fight so far was probably a 2v2 where the weaker enemy and my weak ally both got killed, and then I kept fighting the stronger enemy for I don't even know how long, engaging, disengaging, focusing lasers to get his shields down, focusing canon fire to blast his engine off followed by the nose to keep the shields down, dodging behind asteroid fields to reload and let my own shields recharge, reattaching my own dislodged parts mid-battle, and finally ramming into the dude to finish it off. Whew, my adrenaline is pumping just remembering it.All that said, it's of course still in early access, but the devs have been working tirelessly to incorporate feedback from the users. They released 5 hotfixes just in the first 24 hours and are working on plans for bigger adjustments.And there are things that need adjusting. Building/changing your your mothership is real wonky, Choosing your perk at level up isn't clearly incorporated into the big picture, weapon selection mid-battle (and actually most of the user interface) needs a lot of polish, things like that. The core of the game is fantastic, and I really look forward to the finished game once the devs work out the kinks that have got some folks panties' in such a bunch. This doesn't feel like it was made by just 2 people, but it was, so I think it'll take some time for them to get it from awesome-if-you-can-get-past-the-barriers-to-entry to just plain awesome.Absolute day one purchase for me. I recommend you buy it if you like M&B's style of three level strategy and want to see attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion and watch C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. If you do buy it, please play for more than 1-2 hours, really try to get into it and give it a chance. Get past that stage of making your ship just a straight line of wing parts, get into the min-maxing. The problems with this game are surface-level over a very solid, fun core, and the devs have vision, passion, and talent and are listening to the fans on what needs to be done. I personally look forward to playing until sunup many more times."
76561198075278978,Recommended,252470,23149573,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,keithstone001,This game is amazing! So glad the long wait is finnaly over. So addictive. Keep up the good work devs.
76561198022975473,Recommended,252470,23149035,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lord Beavis,"Fun game, even with the decision to kill multiplayer (honestly it would have been cumbersome)."
,Recommended,252470,23092194,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Pыцарь Советский,"Definitely Happy with this game.As you can see I have over 140 hours into the original game and I know i'll put just as many if not more into its sequel.I'll be honest here, This isn't the SPAZ 1 that you know. But you know what? That's alright, because this is a good sequal that expands on the ideas of the first and goes in a new direction.The first and most obvious change is the perspective. You are fighting in full 3D where you control the ship from a 3rd person view, (you can change it to the classic top down view with the press of a button).The next big change is the Map. You now have free choice to move about the map instead of jumping from sector to sector. Time only goes by when you are moving or doing an action A-La Mount & Blade. The map is filled with sectors where a starbase can be built and captains flying around doing their own thing. Each of the 200 captains will have their own agenda and opinions of all the other captains.Another new change is the ship building. You now control your mothership only which you can design by picking or buying peices, nose (front), core (center), wings (left and right), and Engines (the back). You build your ship using these parts which will have varying quality and will give different bonus' and weapons.Along with new shipbuilding, you can also create your own faction and build your own starbases to gather resources for you along with getting captains to join your side in the firght against the zombies.Overall I would reccomend this game as a good followup to its predecessor."
76561198008155705,Recommended,252470,23331912,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Schmlony,"** This is an Alpha review **I spent a lot of time in SPAZ 1, and I can say that this game has potential to be better.  For the moment, there are features that are great, and some that aren\'t, as with any game in development.  The game feels incomplete, but it is a great start nonetheless.  Highly recommended to SPAZ 1 lovers.Pros:-Free movement through the galaxy, more open than SPAZ 1.-Ultimate ship customization; you choose all the parts; no restrictive tech reqs like SPAZ 1.-Sandbox mode to customize the game structure in detail.-True to SPAZ 1\'s silly humor and wonderful♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off spacefarrers.-Alpha status means there will be many features still to come!Cons:-Incomplete (It\'s Alpha, don\'t play yet if you don\'t like seeing lots of changes happening)-Campaign feels unpolished, needs more depth / variety.-Space ship battles and missions have little variety (so far!).-With 100\'s of AI captains roaming around, be prepared to get bullied a lot early game."
76561197988083379,Recommended,252470,23095021,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Azirahael,"Fun space-fighting/building game.Different from SPAZ 1 in the same way the Fallout 3 was different form earlier fallouts.Different game, same universe.Good game, though it has the classic problem of getting too big, and with too much to do, and no tools to handle it all."
76561198085112093,Not Recommended,252470,35283302,Posted: 28 September,all,Infinite #WeeklyVacations,"I bought this game having loved reassembly and being excited for a similar game with significantly better graphics and maybe a story mode and more options.  The ship building is meh, at the end of the day it's just min-maxing with a space ship theme.  I guess I really just wanted this game to be something well beyond the scope of what it is in terms of ship building and customization.  If you want this for the vr experience then by all means pick it up.  If you want to build a space ship and play with it buy reassembly instead."
76561198022955940,Recommended,252470,26732533,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Booomclaw,"meh its alright, enermy scale to player level so you can never get ahead"
,Recommended,252470,23113554,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Capt. Jean Luc Picard,"I've been waiting for this game for 3 years now and after some inital disappointment, I dove all the way in and was pleasantly suprised how addicted I got so quickly. After a moderate learning curve, the game flows much more easily and makes for a galaxy-dominating good time.While lacking some of the charm of the original, SPAZ 2 is just as thoroughly addicting and fun. The creators have been hard at work since day one of the release, making hotfixes and responding to the community - something some AAA game studios have not mastered. No small feat for a two man team.There are a few ways to back yourself into a corner in this game and that can ruin hours of play. However, a few lessons in the games basic mechanics will allow you to dominate the galaxy on a second playthrough. While the storyline is nothing to shake a stick at, the writing mainly consists of constant humorous bickering between your shipmates. If you really want to delve into it though, the large number of lore nodes provide a fairly detailed look into the wacky galaxy of SPAZ.The space battles can quickly become oversimplified, devolving into DPS races or waiting to whittle down some space station's HP. But, a strong ramming mechanic and ship customizability can play into how you play - run and gun, close quarters, siege from afar, and so on. The modular ship design, while simple, is one of the joys of this game and simply optimizing your arrangement for space creates emergent ship designs that evoke that non-symmetric, utilitarian spaceship look.Strategy in the regional star map is also deceptively basic. Essentially, the best idea is to aquire territory ala Monopoly style - expand everywhere. But, later in the game paying attention to alliances and who owns your backyard becomes important. If friends become enemies, you could quickly lose a base you just built or cut your own empire in half, isolating it across hostile territory.$20 and worth every penny even without multiplayer, which is coming in a free update. These two guys are to be commended."
76561198072517289,Recommended,252470,23113374,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,s_j_cook,"10/10 So far.Just completed the main campain on Mid difficulty in 22 hours. Still a ton of snadbox replayability by the looks of things. And a replay on hard as well.Pros:- Complete control over your mothership design and additional strike craft. You will be constantly editing and refining your mothership, especially with the new cores added as you level up.- Zombies are a great change to the campain as they drop in.- Factions make a very interesting dynamic, especially the way they need more and more starbases to produce better gear. And you can feel the tension of region control moving back and forth as factions are at war.- In battle control is very intuitive.Cons:- A few minor preference things like:I always have more goons than I need, except disinfecting your ship I only get them to sell. I always can repair at starbases.Other:- AI do not use in-battle powerups (shield and capacitor refils and armour rep) You may or may not like this.- Finding the parts you want is HARD! especially the high level stuff. It means alot of the time you'll have 1 part in mind, or you know you need PD for your engines, so you use sub par parts with the right weapons or just deal with the wrong weapons to make sure you keepo high stats. I think it fits the theme and love it, some may disagree."
76561198076494436,Recommended,252470,23112002,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dr Ogiculus,"10/10 would ram againP.S. Seriously though, If you obsessively loved SPAZ 1 then you probably won't like this as much, because it's an evolution not a sequel but if you didn't like SPAZ 1 for every single component and just liked it as a general thing, or if you have never heard of SPAZ before, then it will be a much better game for you.P.P.S. But even more seriously, Ways To Win Strategy Guide:1.) Ram2.) Ram3.) Don't believe in a no-win scenario"
76561198028615675,Recommended,252470,27683194,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jawbreaker,Just shut up and take my money!
76561197970652798,Not Recommended,252470,35438121,Posted: 3 October,all,Smash,"This game makes me wish there was a 'meh' option.  It just goes to show that steam reviews just can't be trusted.  When a game like Ark gets mixed and this gets 'Very Positive' it just makes me fear for humanity.That's not to say that it's a terrible game and it was only $20 so i'm not sure what to expect, but this is very much a mobile game in PC clothing.  Pretty much all you do is gather resources from nodes, sell them to upgrade your ship so you can kill pirates and get more XP.  This let's you build a bigger ship, rinse repeat.There maybe some meta with the weapons that I couldn't figure out, but to me it really just seemed like spam weapons while ships are in range, spam shields when they're not, or when there's some kind of telegraphed weapon, like nuclear missiles.It has it's plusses.  It looks very pretty and it runs well, but the gameplay and ship development is watered down to the point of being extremely boring.  Steer clear of this one.  If you want to play a mobile game on PC play LoL (although, I have no idea why that's so popular either)."
76561198133845992,Recommended,252470,26301037,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Blitzwing,man what a good game.its space rogue pirates.realy nice grafic and good gameplay
76561197969989503,Recommended,252470,35077159,Posted: 19 September,all,Endless Summer,"This game is great fun, it translates a lot of the gameplay of the original to a 2.5D setting remarkably well, the strategic layer is much improved from SPAZ 1, and the new build-your-own mothership mechanic is also good fun. If you like the original, this is well worth the price especially if it's on sale. A great fun little game for cheap!"
76561198021168422,Recommended,252470,23083384,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Endoplasmatisches Knopylum,"Dont be afraid by negetaiv reviews! most of them wanted the old spaz back in a better costume. they are frustrated with the result! a result, that is so much better then the first game! BTW: the first game is a must for everyone! i LOVE IT! the dev`s do have the courage to try something new and they can be damn proud of what they did!a lot of ppl with just 1-5 hours in havent even scratched the surface and write a bad review. the(short) campaign(8-25 hoursdepending on you) is just to understand everything that goes on in this game! the real strenght comes with the sandbox mode! you can nearly change every aspect of the galaxy you want to play with! play with zombies from the start, no problemo! dont like zombies, no problemo. want to fight against very unfair odds? no problemo!pro`s- devs are very near to the community. they listen to you and will answere your questions and demands. they have gained a lot of respect for that.-within the 3 days, there were 3 hotfixes! more to be planned!- awesome visuals-very few bugs, very polished for an EA- 18 hours in 2 days! not many games can drag me in that much!con`s- no coop at the moment. they are working on how to do that-to many ppl complaining they did not got what they wanted! you need to adapt a little bit. once you see the greater picture, its awesome!but hey, dont read all those comments, try it by yourself! git good!Edit:After nearly 100 hours in, im still having lots of fun. each now and then i discover something new.personally, i encounted only one single crash, which is good for an ea.the dev team constantly dish out updates, bug fixes and new content. some if this content is event like ""nodes"" like in the first game, which a lot of ppl  missed in spaz2. they plan and tell the community what they are doing, so we now whats up.the game got a lot better over its time! cant press this more! great game!"
,Recommended,252470,31596430,Posted: 6 May,all,waffles__Suckin up that dial up,"10/10Would clense the galaxy again.The new combat was rough to get used to, wished there was a multiplayer aspect."
,Recommended,252470,23101239,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bjusterbaarlik,"There is review data that has not yet been written.Consider not ""not"" writing it, and instead write it."
,Recommended,252470,29578098,Posted: 29 January,all,masterofhacks,SO GOOD AND EZ
76561198130238664,Recommended,252470,35145503,Posted: 22 September,all,teh.FunKiller,"This is like Pac-Man, but not. I like this game! Buy it!"
76561198115815134,Recommended,252470,23097849,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tylernol,I managed to troll Zombie Alpha by destroying his zombie starbase every time it built a new one. Then Zombie Alpha trolled me by annihilating my ship.8.5/10 Zombie Alpha is not your friend.
76561198043458440,Recommended,252470,35120820,Posted: 21 September,all,shemah16,Good fun. Thumbs up.
76561198006353659,Recommended,252470,35121465,Posted: 21 September,all,SilleeRabbit,fun!!
76561198052260661,Not Recommended,252470,35174777,Posted: 24 September,all,Aizen ︻デ┳═ー,"THis game has terrible tutorial, and trying to do combat in VR mode in ridiculous. Had 3 different people try this game and no one liked it. Waste of my money."
76561197991112555,Recommended,252470,23085690,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rajion,"for what it stands for, this game feels solid to me and its got its strong points, SPAZ2 is not SPAZ 1.5 as many hopped it to be, but it is a continuation of the first game story with its own game style.if you played mount and blade, the overworld map (or over galaxy) feels pretty much to it, you have captains that have their own little fleets, you can build relationships with them, you cna make enemies with some, you can have a faction declare war on you while some members in it actually love you and avoid attacking you. YOU CAN RAM ENEMY SHIPS AND TEAR THEM APART what more else you can ask for?the game sure has its flaws, the ai tends to run instantly if it gets outunumbered, though i do the same so i guess we are even, and the ai dogpiling when a battle is started for 3v1 is often a problem when you get caught in a tight spot:but considering it was made by two guys, the game stands on its own and feels rewarding, from dodging most foes to tehn begin to search for them to get new/better pieces.its been an enjoyable experience nad look forward to finish the campaign and play the sandbox"
,Recommended,252470,23127960,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Major Mauser,Looking good so far. Much more in depth than I first thought. But the UI and the design makes it easy to understand. I love this game!
,Recommended,252470,23099561,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,electrovir,"I just beat the campaign with 35 hours.  Got all the achievements that exist so far.  It's very different from SPAZ 1, but the charm is still there.  It sure has been fun to play!I highly advise beating SPAZ 1 before playing this as all the lore you learn about in SPAZ 2 completely spoils SPAZ 1.  I really like the lore though, it explains a lot of what happened to more depth.  I felt a lot more engrossed in the story (though still kinda cheesy like the first one) and the characters than in the first one, even with the (current) synthesized voices."
76561197970890209,Recommended,252470,23099653,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Nate,"Playing during Early Access. The start of the campaign is a little slow. Slowly improving your ship and leveling. Lots of nutty dialog you can skip. Many tutorials.After you pay for your first base, then things pick up quite a bit. Bounties on you. Neutrals raiding your resources. Size 2 parts.During the campaign, after the zombies appear. Things get even busier. Battles are much more fun and drawn out. Level 3 parts with sometimes, new interesting weapons. Taking out 2 lower level zombie captains with your 1 ship is quite satisfying. Often after a battles I'll level twice."
,Recommended,252470,23124527,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Codex,At first it felt strange and i didn't really like it . But then when u get deeper in the storyline and learn about the game it becomes actually awesome . You need to give it time and upgrade your ship before its actually really fun . You can do builds like breaking shields fast and them ramming into the enemy ship with your powerful thrusters and breaking them apart .
76561198020204523,Recommended,252470,23091893,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TheonlyrealBeef,"First off, despite being a sequal, it plays significantly differently from the first part. You'll control a fully modifiable mothership made out of ""core blocks"", and parts that fit on them that always contain a weapon and some stats: rear part for example adds the most speed. This mothership will later be accompanied by ""strike craft"", smaller ai controlled ships doing their thing to help you.So how does the game go? Well, first you get a scrappy ship. It's terrible, and your choice in weapons is inexistant until you get enough resources to buy some at a starbase. First you will just need to scrounge these resources from around the map until you can beat bandits. The bandits use nothing but scrap in their ships and killing them makes other ship captains happy. Although you COULD attack these other ship captains at this point already, the way fleeing from a battle currently works makes this a pretty bad choice.When you're done beating up bandits you will be able to build your own starbase(s) at some point, and be a part of a faction. This opens up an entirely different gameplay especially during faction wars: which is currently the fastest way to progress. Tons of battles with all kinds of ship captains from both factions battling eachother. And although it's fun joining in on this simulated large-scale conflict, there are two parts I currently dislike: battles are currently locked to 4 motherships at a time. That's regardless of 3-1 or 2-2, you simply get a ""battle full"" message, which I found dissatisfying. Furthermore, destroying a ship does not get rid of its captain, so you may end up repeatedly facing one captain, despite him/her being doomed to fail for battling with little more than scraps (since you blew up his/her old ship).It's early access though, so some things will probably get tweaked here and there. Still, despite being early access you can already enjoy the full story mode and sandbox mode.tl;dr it's different from its predecessor, but I still enjoyed it. If you like beefing up a big spaceship while picking (real-time) fights and making friends with ai ship captains try it out."
,Recommended,252470,23174714,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Oi,"This is a first time player review, 7 hours of an initial sitting.From what I can see of my small time and little research into this game, I have to say it's a little bit confusing at first but quickly becomes absolutely amazing. (Even at this early access stage)Instead of writing a long review, I'm going to list the pros and cons of my first sitting experience.Pros:-The visuals are amazing, weapons, engines, background, textures and colors are stunning for a simple game like this.-Combat feels like a simulation, without all the fiddly bits that go with it.-The strategy or travel part of the gameIs simple and takes the ""grinding"" out of things, while letting you progress.-Customization is astonishing. Not only do you choose how your ship looks, it also affects your movement, shields, armor, hull, how your weapons fire and the strategy you employ.-The amount of choices you can make to progress is vast.Cons:-All the panels and icons can be confusing and overwhelming at the start, but easy to get used to.-Combat strategy is briefly mentioned but all the possibilities to take another ship down has to be gradually learned.-Information on all the weapons can tend to get a bit over whelming.Apart from this I HIGLY recommend this game. Even in early access it has many hours of extremely enjoyable gameplay."
,Recommended,252470,23239110,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dayz,"I am enjoying SPAZ 2 even if it is different than the gameplay of SPAZ.  Personally, I would recommend this game to others and it does take a bit of thinking and tenacity to achieve the goal.  I have not gotten towards the end game yet so I cannot speak to this.Thank you guys for a fun sequel!"
76561198007704820,Recommended,252470,23091088,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Xanael,"So far i really like the game, I have played the campaign to the zombies and so far it has been pretty balenced. I started again on highest difficulty in sandbox mode and have been speed running that as fast as humanly possible. I am still on the hardest difficulty, and I have noticed a few things, the first being that the player stash is shared across game modes, which is nice because I can now stockpile all the rare parts, the second is that there is a cap on levels, not experience wise but the gains, putting 10 levels into weapon damage just to get the improvement of a single low level upgrade was annoying, and being limited to 15 cores was disapointing, i think i still have another 45 minutes until the zombies come and i will see if it changes after that but this war with the reds has been really give and take, very entertaining and with enough kiting i can barely take a 1 vs 3 now at 90 power, warheads, missiles and snipers, last thing i noticed, not sure if it is intentional or not, but the starbases extend outside of their shields making them really easy to kill, a couple volleys takes out an entire quadrant and by the time most of the weapons are disabled the shields can now melt away, i love the factions but i wish it was more dynamic with factions developing over time instead of the immediate 5, now back to farming snipers until the next tier of weapons starts showing up. . . maybe i should grab another warhead for my engines, last minute thought, multiplayer? would definately buy this for a couple friends if we could have only player made factions and the zombies... or maybe players as the zombie faction leader too"
76561197970497530,Recommended,252470,23086428,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,scruff1,Just one more battle...
,Recommended,252470,23094991,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,bubbaste,"Well, I loved the first game. This one is very different from that, lots of reviews and comments about this if you want to read up. I obviously cannot say if you peeps will like or not but personally I think it is great."
,Recommended,252470,23228205,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,hmantheawsome,It's quite fun and I look forward to the progress the game will make.
76561197971725790,Recommended,252470,23125240,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,gunthnp,just great
,Recommended,252470,23127824,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Maddog,pretty good
,Recommended,252470,23150639,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jasonridesabike,"Having played through SPAZ1 I was expecting a rehash with updated graphics and maybe a few mechanics. It ended up being more of an overhaul than that, which at first was refreshing. Became tedious around the time I begane learning faction mechanics, but picked up again as I framiliarized myself with the basics. By the time the zombie outbreak started I was hooked.I'm hoping they extend the story a bit more, improve the UI (I'd like to see a mini profile box on ship hover), add procedural missions, and really flesh out both local and online multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,252470,29416785,Posted: 22 January,all,Thomus,Sadly this is nothing like the original. S.P.A.Z. 1 was a real gem.
,Recommended,252470,23042425,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,bakwards,"Tastes like Mount and Blade in space - with pirates and zombies and 2.I played the original very little, but did like the idea, even though the game was kind of hard to get into. Despite being in early access, SPAZ2 is really easy to get into, and the myriad of AI captains are intriguing. I look forward to spending more time in my scrap ship!edit: early access, not early development"
76561198005087078,Not Recommended,252470,26276016,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Reed,"I really, really wish they had stuck to the original formula. I don't know how many hours of fun I had with the orig, but I couldn't get past a dozen hours of frustration and boredom with SPAZ 2. Unintuitive parts, resources, and inventory schemes make for frustration. Short, repeatitive battles utilizing modular, uninteresting ships make for boring gameplay.Oh well."
76561197981987030,Not Recommended,252470,34048408,Posted: 5 August,all,Joe.Werly,"I did not like it, lack of gameplay, the mechanics are very weak, it seems that I walk through the galaxy without any interesting reason (even with the questline), SPAZ1 was better. This is my opnion"
,Recommended,252470,23042109,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,LegendaryKira,great sequal. huge improvement when it comes to visual. the add on of 3d made the game look alot better from 2d. if you're a fan of the first game. you will love this one.  for new people looking to buy. check some youtube video's if it is something for you. this game is defenitly not for everyone.
,Recommended,252470,23040972,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gower,"SPAZ really deserves attention and love from the average user. It's early-access, but that doesn't mean it isn't quality. The campaign is over 15 hours long and the gameplay is quality. The reason for it being early-access is because there's some features missing, such as voice acting and multiplayer. But it will come later. The main thing about SPAZ is the campaign, and that is completed."
,Not Recommended,252470,23057617,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Lt_Stash,Too Difficult to get resources. You are no match for any of the other ship captains and they are always attacking you. Game has lost the shield face mechanic From SPAZ1 which made combat more strategic. I am throughly disappointed with SPAZ2.
,Recommended,252470,32323152,Posted: 10 June,all,id.gardika,I AM HOOKED
,Recommended,252470,23075360,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shyman012,10 / 10 would have a galactic cleansing again
76561198023268808,Not Recommended,252470,23140480,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Glarecaster,"really disappointed that able to modify only mothership! imho original SPAZ was more fun! game does not met expectations, everything seems to be simplified. with 3D - SPAZ2 lost it's charm! definitely will not recommend SPAZ2 over good old original Space Pirates And Zombies."
,Recommended,252470,23074954,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,Great game
76561198017713182,Recommended,252470,23594448,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Hom189,ok
76561198041331648,Not Recommended,252470,35459362,Posted: 3 October,all,SevenLetters,Nothing like the SPAZ1!
,Recommended,252470,23049502,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Erikkustrife,"Review to follow, for now love this game 10/10 cant wait for more :D"
76561198127634744,Recommended,252470,32187299,Posted: 4 June,all,GooSmile,was really fun i enjoyed my time spent on this game
,Recommended,252470,23043488,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lockjamez,I loved the first one and liked the look of the second one. in my opinion is more complex and tricky even on easy but it looks amazing didn't encounter any bugs or glitches would recommend to anyone and everyone.
76561198050993000,Recommended,252470,23058879,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Gamers Mind,"i played for a bit today...first run: zombies screwed me oversecond run: zombies and factions screwed me overthird run: made a faction, neutral kept attacking me 3vs1 and litterally couldn't do anything else but loosefourth run: tried to do better than third run by making lots of friends but game crashed -_-needs alot of tweaking but if your into leveling to get stronger and battles in which you gotta blow up ships with your custom made ship then it's definantly worth to buy it, especially after alot got fixedONE MAJOR FLAW THOthe controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ havent played with controller yet but if you want to fight while looking at your left/right/rear while still moving to the portal becouse 2♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥are gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥you..well i wish you goodluck, the mouse is like in warthunder where the nose of your ship follows the mouse, dunno if it can be turned off but pressing a or d also doesn't work correctly at times making you turn like a retard that says ""shoot me in my butt"""
76561198068844505,Recommended,252470,27608666,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RainbowFloyd,I like it
76561198002850272,Not Recommended,252470,23073435,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Naery,"Simply echoing most of the comments here: don't think you are getting anything like SPAZ1. Combat is slow, salvage is thin and disapointing, threat level means nothing as everyone somehow missiles the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you from infinity distance and then lazers you to death while you flounder with lef-right wings sometimes firing, sometimes not and always waiting on stupid battery recharge."
,Not Recommended,252470,35143883,Posted: 22 September,all,Prune Tracy,An effective time sink but not all that enjoyable. I'd say it's worth $5
76561197992967451,Recommended,252470,30091782,Posted: 21 February,all,Zasharak,Well The main reason I bought this game is now dead Sadness. Still a good game but won't be looking forward to it release.
76561197994321686,Recommended,252470,23084659,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,markelphoenix,Really enjoying game so far! Love what they did with the travel system and how they updated it!
76561198027985197,Recommended,252470,23092025,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Spite425,"Being a huge fan of the original SPAZ, I can say without a doubt, that this game has the potential to be amazing. The thing to remember is this is still EARLY ACCESS...I have personally had so much fun playing, and watching my starter junk ship become something more personal, and far superior. You really get a good sense of progress as your ship is upgraded over and over again. Having the rouge AI running around the startmap is a great new concept, and I am really looking forward to what this game has in store."
76561198007145843,Recommended,252470,23090829,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Meman46,The only downside to this game is the need to sleep irl
,Recommended,252470,23093349,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Agigio,"This game is awesome!Ok a bit raw because it's an Early Access but brings a lot of dun already.Beautifull story mode, with a lot of laughs and rage :Pi didn't play Spaz 1 but i think i will take it as soon as possible just to get a bit better the lore, for what i saw the gameplay is completely different from the one and some rewies complain about it, but dont worry this game is truly enjoyable!(Don't let the haters scare you!)I loved my first campaign, i loved how my way to play the game changed throught it.I loved see my efforts be rewarded and my stupid action being punished (like try to fight in enemy territory xD)I appreciated the choice to let you choose if reload from an automatic quick save or accept the defeat with honor and restart from your starbase.I suggest you to check a couple of videos to understand what are you going to play instead blindbuy this game, because can be frustrating."
76561198068742138,Recommended,252470,23093305,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,CobraPLCH,Awesome continuation of SPAZ. Was waiting for this game for a while and now I can't stop playing it!I recommend it to anyone who likes space games where you can 100% decide what is on your ship and what your game style is.
,Recommended,252470,23105313,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Auraknight,"This is an amazing game that, as far as i can tell, is only going to get better. As it stands, it's more then worth the early acess pricetag, and if you liked the original, you'll likely enjoy this.That's not to say this is more of SPAZ1, however. it's not. There's a wierd limbo where old and new meet, and this is sat firmly in it. It is well worth playing, but it's also worth treating as a new game in the same setting as the previous one.In other news, devs are extreemely responcive! I got a reply email in about four hours after I sent in my inital thoughts on the game to them. Props mates!~Aura"
76561198011364546,Recommended,252470,23093726,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,zoogzin,"Truly a professional game, with all the creators' heart and soul poured into it. Their dedication to quality shines through. The battles are a wonderful spectacle, too."
,Recommended,252470,23233224,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Turnloy,"I love this game, So much to do and not Boring at all. Can't wait till Multiplayer comes out!"
76561198051808847,Not Recommended,252470,28734388,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Maddogg52,YOU CAN'T GET ANYWHERE WITHOUT HAVING A BETTER EQUIPPED SHIP KILLING YOU. Very frustrating.
,Not Recommended,252470,23623153,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,BreezeLetterGaming,"The amount of d**k sucking I've seen in the positive reviews is astounding. Total disregard for the games shortcomings, even when their own Pro/Con lists present more Cons than pros. I've finished the game. It took me a mere 8 hours to complete the story, after that I had little to no incentive to continue playing. There's no sign of any kind of ""Build"" or ""Playstyle"" you just make sure you can dish out as much damage as possible while keeping an eye on your shields and running away when you need to reload likea pantsy. The skill based combat from SPAZ 1 is gone. It's degenerated into damage trading, unless you can stay out of range, in which case, you've won, because you'll just wittle him down and there's nothing he can do about it.Why don't I recommend this game?Quite frankly, even without taking the title into consideration, it's because I expected more from the developers.I expected a great game. Not necessarily a new SPAZ, but this abortion of an excuse for a ""sequel"" has really soured my milk.The ship customization can only barely be called ""customization"" since you just slap on the best stuff you can find, there's really no need to care about what it is, if it does better damage, or gives more hull/shields, tape that thing to the side of your ship and swim in victories.I sound super salty in this review, and I'm not. I still have SPAZ 1 to play. I'm just sad that the devs spent so much effort, money and time on this. I can see the effort, the love, but it feels so half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ even though it clearly isn't.I probably won't change my review bar some miracle in the future.You want a space game with customizable ships and a world that feels alive? Alive as in ""not-an-anthill-full-of-mental-patients"" alive? Buy SPAZ 1."
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,252470,23048385,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Moforkus,"Did you love SPAZ 1 like me? If so, go back to that game. This is a glitchy mess, with a completely stupid camera (that even if you try to change it never approaches the level of spaz 1. The controls for your ship, are also stupid. They do not work like spaz 1 and it was disorienting to keep having to change the button to make me head toward the enemy (not a good design decision), changing equipment on your ship is also annoying, you have to go to a seperate screen (where your ship leaves tactical view/inventory tab) and you have to use the gimmicky tractor beam to physically remove the pieces you no longer want and attach the ones you do (after you scroll over the random pieces to tell you which is the one you want). The  game doesn't properly explain what threat level means (threat level 20? is that super bad? Why? what level enemies should you be able to fight? The combat is also too far removed from SPAZ 1..it just doesn't feel right. For instance, only one of my  sub ships spawned..but couldnt' figure out how to get second one to spawn, it's hard to see the enemies because of the stupid camera angles, and the zoom feature is just dumb..you have to zoom in to shoot the enemies effectively, which gives you tunnel vision and you are getting shot from other directions and can't maneoevre.Anyways, in short. until they fix this mess, i am going to just play spaz 1 again. This game has a long way to go to reach that level...and frankly after 3 years, i expected a much better offering.shame on you min max, shame on you."
,Recommended,252470,23056215,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tim Curry Smile,If you change the control setting from relative to non relative the game becomes fun.Very fun.
,Not Recommended,252470,26076497,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Black Tongue,"Do NOT, under any circumstances, give these people your money. The best word to describe this game is ""tedious"". I've had more fun at dental appointments. Every aspect of this product is a chore.There are some truly awful design choices in this game.You know how in some FPS games you end running backwards and shooting as your primary means of interacting with enemies because you can't jump, roll, or anything else? It's just run backwards shooting because it's your only choice? The SPAZ 2 version of this is turning, constantly turning, because no matter how many wings you put on your ship it is exactly as nimble as a rotting corpse.No matter how ""powerful"" you think you've become, no matter how much time and effort you put into scouring the galaxy for RNG-generated parts with ""good"" stats, the enemies always scale directly alongside you (unless they're specifically flagged not to be). There's a ""parts catalog"" you can order stuff from (paying a premium to have it brought to you) but there aren't any real choices because, once again, it's more RNG.Why is there so much ♥♥♥♥ing RNG in a single player game? If you've decided on a mechanic where I ""build"" star bases why do I not have the option to build the parts that I want? Why am I chained to whatever loot table you made? There just isn't a way to actually get ahead in SPAZ 2. You will always be right on the cusp of getting your teeth kicked in by even random, unnamed bandits because they've got dozens of additional ""strike vehicles"" in their hangars whereas you cannot build your own and when they're destroyed - yep! MORE RNG! And oh, look! Nobody else has strike vehicles and there's none in the catalog to buy! How's it feel to be crippled?Which brings me to the point I said the hell with it and decided to write this review: the big battle with the zombie alpha.The whole point of SPAZ 2 is finding upgrades to get stronger. So if you foolishly invested time and effort loading yourself out with the best you can get before you engage in the ""plot"" (LOL) missions, you're in for a treat: you get to fight multiple zombie clones of your own ship! Without ever having the opportunity to repair or replace your drones! Doesn't that sound AWESOME?♥♥♥♥♥♥like this always makes me wonder what game developers are thinking when they implement such bad choices. How do they imagine this is perceived as fun? ""Oh, but it's a challenge,"" you may say. Fair enough. If that falls under the rubric of ""challenge"" then why not just disable my monitor? If I can't see anything doesn't that make it more challenging? Why not ♥♥♥♥ up the controls so I have to figure out a whole new layout in the middle of a tough fight? Doesn't that make it more challenging? Well, if those choices would be perceived as bad because they cripple your ability to actually play the damn game, how is literally crippling my ability to engage with enemies significantly different?This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t marathon combat comes after you spend time and effort ""building up"" the galaxy in the form of star bases and newly recruited captains to your faction. They don't factor into the battle at all, which the devs know is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing thing to do which is why they hang a lampshade on it in the NPC text, and then you're in the thick of it perpetually turning, and turning, and turning, because if any of the ""zombie torpedos"" bursts too close to your ship they eat through your shields in seconds, infest your crew, and permanently lower your total health.There are no health pickups in the fight. Pieces of your ship break off and are no longer available to be used or calculated in your stats (shields, health, speed, damage). Nothing. You're better off slamming a crescent wrench into your forehead.All of that having been said there's potential here - assuming whoever writes the dialogue wakes up to the fact they aren't nearly as funny or clever as they think they are, the dev team as a whole re-evaluates their conceptions of ""fun"" and ""challenge"", and they implement some things I would have assumed would be a given in a game that's all about customized ships you build yourself. Let me build parts to my specifications. Let me dump cash and ""rez"" into a line of research, wait for some time to pass, and have the parts I want. I mean, FFS, I have to choose between stats and cosmetics in a single player game that's all about a customized spaceship? Really? Jesus.Wait till it's five bucks. And maybe not even then."
76561198041954665,Not Recommended,252470,25759641,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Leroy,"I loved the predecessor, bought it twice (outside of steam before), played it through several times, including with a big galaxy in hardest mode. So I totally looked forward to  SPAZ 2. There were so exciting announcements, all involving added depth but in the end the new game has absolutely nothing in common with the first game, except maybe the annoying long dialogs between the NPCs and here it is even worse. Even the start is annoying, I have to confess that I even failed the get what the game expected from me (and this although I'm used to play far more complex games like KSP). After tons of NPC chat you get dropped somewhere with a space ship and your task is to rebuild it for some strange reason instead of just working with it and upgrading it gradually as usually. I normally LOVE creative aspects and ship building but this is done so unintuitve and complicated and even pointless, there is no fun at all. The game concept also has completely been changed to some strange grinding, the combat was fun before but now it's somewhat 3D'ish and nothing like it was before. I put the game down for long time in hope I may be able to get into it but I just can't. If you don't know SPAZ yet, please try the first one, it's so much better and they should have been build on it instead of trying to reinvent everything. It's even worse than MOO3 compared to MOO2 but similiar in messing a good game up with completely new and different mechanics."
76561197990240426,Not Recommended,252470,23049970,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dersh,"Biggest waste of 20 bucks in a long time.First of all the basic concepts of modular mothership was kind of cool at first but...This game is a boring grind that sucks all around. I spent 5 hours on this game grinding while all the other ships around me far out leveled me in no time at all. So all there is to do is raid various resources of your enemies once your part of a faction, and fight pirates. Because while I am threat level 16 with crap weapons the nearest non faction ships to fight are threat levels 24 and up which take you out in no time. Bandits are always threat level 6 so once you beat them its just a grind. Money, rez, and goons are a grind to get. The map is tiny compared to SPAZ1. Combat is clunky and unintuitive. The mothership pieces all look very generic, they are all the same between factions minus the difference in color.This game is in early access but it also needs a lot of its core mechanics overhauled badly! I mean I could put more time into it but I already feel ive felt everything it has to offer minus grinding for 10 more hours to start fighting some other factions ships.On a plus the story is interesting, so are the research tidbits. But unfortunately the fun just isnt there."
,Not Recommended,252470,25848043,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,sandwich,"I love Spaz so much, I saw Spaz 2 and freaked out.  I bought it, installed it immediately, and realized it has nothing to do with Spaz 1.  I'm so disappointed.    It's genuinely my fault for not watching the trailers before I bought it, but I'm just so shocked that it is so completely different from the game I love.  Returning this and going back to Spaz 1.  :/"
,Recommended,252470,23041484,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Haby001,"So far, I'm hooked. It still has the SPAZ charm and gives you a huge sandbox to play with. The universe feels alive and in motion even when you ignore it. I would definitely recomend this game."
76561197999721967,Not Recommended,252470,23157253,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Moonfear,"I am fan of SPAZ, so when i saw this in early access it was nobrainer. Now i feel quite dissapointed, most of ""good"" ideas from first incarnation are gone.No customizable wingmansNo rez and goon farming (even if it was sometimes boring as hell)No depth of combatStory is... i will tell you when i find oneNearly every aspect of SPAZ which was quite interesting and well done is tuned and dumbed down. This game smells like games targeted for console kids. Time to play old classic."
76561198039645449,Not Recommended,252470,24964990,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Fives,I thought I'd play it for about two hours and see how I feel about it. While I don't neccecarily think it's a bad game I just got bored way too fast. The combat wastn't satisfying at all which I was hoping since the reviews we're positive about it.
,Recommended,252470,23059688,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Medic,"After all the waiting, I'm loving it!"
76561198014874521,Recommended,252470,35074397,Posted: 19 September,all,George Foreman Grill,A really great game from an excellent series. It has all the customization you would want from a game of this type.
76561198005549245,Recommended,252470,23059519,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Mr Melon,so the campaign is like supa short unlike SPAZ this one u could do in like 2hours if u wanted. the hardest part of the late game is rez ur ship wieghs so much it cost 2 rez a seconds so u cant go anywhere or to do stuff. just from rez zone to rez zone u can stay at no rez but then it costs crew to move so even worse. the flight controls r alil weird to get the hang of and u just sort of cants get the hang of them like flying straight and looking left right to like broad side u can use W cuz ull turn and u cant use A or D or ull turn so u just have to boost or sit still.i do enjoy the game but there r some low points and high points its more fun that SPAZ 1 but its nothin like SPAZ 1  its like make a long stick ship put as many weapons u can fit and go kill stuff but SPaz 1 was like the ship is mad u just put on the weapons and everything fits theres no 1 gap where its says u can put a part but it wont fitif u like lego and space and colours get the game if u want SPAZ 1 like game its nothing like SPAZ 1 but still try it out its fun
,Recommended,252470,23083776,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Leezeebub,8/8 would SPAZ again.
,Recommended,252470,23074682,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Evil Sandvich of Dooom,Life was taken over by zombies and space pirates; 7/10 would do again.
76561197989772461,Recommended,252470,23051417,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Garrik,love it!
76561198042574486,Recommended,252470,23100039,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,universeboy4 the space god,"Hi everyone, just want to give my perspective on SPAZ 2 after playing for about 6 hours (not finished the story yet - I'm at the part about a bandit base, won't give any more details because of spoilers if anyone hasn't reached that point yet). I have played both SPAZ 2 and SPAZ 1 and have been following the development of SPAZ 2 for around 2 years, so I already knew it was going to be different to the first one. I guess there's four major ways in which I can review this game:Story:Personally I think the story is even funnier in SPAZ 2 than in SPAZ 1, I have laughed out loud at the storyline multiple times so far. The lore objects provide interesting background information and you get a reward as well. Great work from the developers with the story, and the computer voices actually make it even funnier.Graphics and Sound:Unfortunately given the fact that I have a terrible computer (barely meeting the minimum system requirements) I can't really do this game justice graphically. Nonetheless, I was surprised by how good the graphics look even on low settings, unlike some games where low settings make your game look like Runescape (not that that's necessarily a bad thing, I used to be a Runescape player but for this sort of game it looks terrible). Obviously there are a few weird graphical effects but that's mostly due to me having to turn down the settings, when I started on the default settings the game lagged so I had no choice.Gameplay:There are two different aspects to this: the starmap and combat. The new starmap interface is great and although to a certain extent I miss mining rez asteroids and taking on comets and picking up escape pods from blown up ships in SPAZ 1, beyond a certain point particularly on the harder difficulties it got very grindy so I on balance prefer the new system. I would like the power ups that already appear in battles to also have the possibility of containing Goons, Rez, Scrap or perhaps ship parts to perhaps encourage some map exploration in the combat. The 200 AI captains really do make it feel like a living galaxy, at the moment I have a bounty on me and it really feels like the AI is out to kill me, whenever I go into hostile territory or harvest a resource I have to look out for people who might be hunting me. In addition, it is good that the other factions interact with each other, with the captains remembering everything that is done to them it feels like you have to consider major actions carefully and decide who you can afford to upset in order to appease someone else. I also like the ability to build your own starbases for a particular faction and use them to harvest resources. The parts system is quite good, though I miss the customisation of every ship from SPAZ 1, I think that your strike craft should be a certain size with maybe 1-3 cores but you can add your own parts to them. That would be my single biggest recommendation for this game if there are any future updates. The tractor beam system for changing parts is also a little annoying sometimes but to be honest it's not a major problem and several people have already posted guides to avoid/minimise the need to use it.Onto the actual combat, I think that the new 3d view looks great, and people who want the old style from SPAZ 1 have that option too. The combat itself I have mixed opinions on. The options for commanding the strike craft could do to be expanded upon (at the moment they are little more than go here, attack that, defend that ship over there). The idea of being able to aim at certain parts of enemies and watching their parts fly off is good, and there seems to be a greater variety of weapon types than in the first SPAZ. The new reload and boost system adds opportunities in combat to attack when your opponent has to reload, and makes you think carefully about which targets to prioritise.However, I have to say that the in-battle HUD is distinctly lacking. The distance to your target is in arbitrary units, and your shields and hull are just two bars along the bottom of the screen, with no indication of armour. There is also no in-combat indication of which of your weapons are in range, or the armour status of components on your opponent's ship, other than the visuals. As a bit of a statistics nerd, I would prefer to see a lot more in the way of hard numbers like the first game. I would also like to see the return of shield quadrants, as that used to be one of the main reasons to have a fast ship. Whilst in SPAZ 2 a fast ship is still useful for dodging and hit and run attacks, I don't understand why shield quadrants were removed as that made the game much more strategic.Progression:Obviously this is subject to balancing changes and I can't comment across the full game as I haven't finished the campaign yet. I think that the game's difficulty and complexity is about right. I have not yet reached a situation where either my ship is so strong that combat becomes too easy or I have way too many resources, nor have I ever reached a point where I am grinding for hours and hours on end just to make some small progression through the game. I have never had to spend more than 2-3 hours to gather the resources and upgrades to progress, whereas SPAZ 1 sometimes required hours upon hours of exploration and searching for blueprints, which whilst fun at first quickly became boring. I have heard about a few complaints regarding the zombies in late-game, but as of the time of this review the developers are aware of the issues and I think there have been 4-5 balancing fixes so far just 3 days into early access.TL;DR:If you are a fan of space games: buy this now.If you are a fan of SPAZ 1 who wants to see something quite significantly different but still based loosely on SPAZ 1: buy this now.If you are a fan of SPAZ 1 who is expecting the sequel to be a new, improved version keeping most of the original ideas: watch some videos, read reviews and maybe wait a few months for a few changes before deciding whether to buy or not.TL;DR the TL;DR: if you have been following this game and like the direction of it buy now, if not wait, read and decide later."
,Recommended,252470,23128235,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Metalsie,Great game. Never quite played anything like this.
76561197983681411,Recommended,252470,23093572,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lorgore,Great game! Really enjoying playing it
76561198003368009,Recommended,252470,23083407,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,AndsuBM,This is one of those games that exceeds by 200% the value that they are asking.
76561198047415536,Recommended,252470,25672037,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CykaSquad,Better than No Man's Sky
,Not Recommended,252470,29402363,Posted: 21 January,all,Kerazene,"I loved the first game, this one is a far cry from being anywhere near as good. I get that they wanted to try new mechanics - and that's fantastic, I welcome that - but not changing the mechanics of the entire game. That's taking it a little far.SPAZ2 plays absolutely nothing like the original, has a much more difficult to understand UI - and you have to take your mothership (which is made up of lego-like segments) into every single battle, and grind like crazy to improve the parts. The smaller ships that accompany you act like drones, vaguely following your orders and not being very useful aside from giving the enemy a target other than your mothership to hit.I really enjoyed there being other AI captains in the game, and an area takeover mechanic, I though that was a nice tough, however I really disliked the system of moving an arrow around on-screen and the way you have to collect goons/scrap/rez. Only flying your actual ship whilst in battle was really disappointing, I liked being able to explore empty regions of space, with the risk of bounty hunters ambushing me at a moments notice, or zombies hatching and attacking me. Or even just going to a mining area and spending my time farming rez.The biggest let down in this game for me is the control system - flying your ship from a third person perspective and being able to push a button to ""auto-attack"" the enemy is a huge no no. Firstly, it's incredibly slow and difficult to maneuver at the lower levels (I imagine it gets better the later you get, but the game was so terrible I requested a refund and didn't want to wait to find out). The biggest thing that lost me was the third person perspective, I've already mentioned this, and you CAN pilot your ship from a top-down perspective like in SPAZ, but it doesn't feel the same, and it feels like this was an afterthought as you can't really play effectively in this perspective.My recommendation for anybody that was a fan of SPAZ1 would be; watch the game and wait, hopefully the developers improve some of these frankly terrible mechanics and make the game better, it is still in early access after all. However.. I'm not holding up hope, In the meanwhile I'll continue to play SPAZ1 over and over, so that I can enjoy all the fantastic things missing from SPAZ2.If you're a newcomer to the series, I still don't think I could recommend this to you, I mean, without having played the first game, SPAZ2 might seem fun at first - but it's still incredibly grindy and difficult to play."
76561198024251618,Recommended,252470,23040781,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BCTrooper,"I feel I have to say this as I want no one to miss out on the hours of fun they can have with this game. Even though it is early access, the company will release updates and will continue to support the game. When SPAZ 1 was released they were constantly releasing updates and keeping in touch. Buy the game! You will not regret it!"
76561198011675856,Recommended,252470,23042758,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gen. Cornwallis,"If you are a fan of the first, GET IT!!!Great storyline (well as much as in the first 2 hours)Cant wait to play it more!!!"
,Recommended,252470,23040857,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Anticept,"So far, I'm liking how it plays. I was hesitant to play the ""2.5D"" style vs the top down from SPAZ1, but it looks like they kept the core feel.Will update this review as I play more!"
,Not Recommended,252470,23080294,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Glarfl,"Movement, combat and the game as a whole feel sluggish. I personally don't think it lives up to the first SPAZ game.However, the new tractor beam was cool as i could smash debris into enemies. Which in some cases was more efffective than the weapons i had."
76561198016955373,Recommended,252470,25724019,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Joker,I told my friends to buy this game.Now my friends have dissapeared and won't leave their house.10/10 would lose friends to this game again.
76561198068042087,Recommended,252470,25735149,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Necro Flesh,This is a really alsome game!!!
,Recommended,252470,26729146,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Pretentieux,This game is for weird nerds.
,Recommended,252470,23043251,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,"Greatest game ever made. Disagree? Then buy it, play it for at least 3 hours, and then tell me otherwise, I DARE YOU."
76561198001418172,Recommended,252470,23091758,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Kosemartin,It's pretty cool.Reminds me of Rebel Galaxy.
76561198087398582,Not Recommended,252470,29256555,Posted: 14 January,all,Pegatron,"If you are expecting a game anything REMOTELY similar to SPAZ 1 don't buy this. While I have to commend the devs for trying a new concept and still cranking out patches for this title, Its nothing like the original. It runs fairly roughly still, the UI is ""eh"" and the combat is dreary and boring.Its a no from me."
,Not Recommended,252470,25763628,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Spoderman,"As a fan of the original and Mount & Blade style freefrom RPG's in general, I thought I would give this  chance. I read the reviews midn you, and was warned about it being quite a different game. After a couple of hours with the game I have to say- All the ships look like mildly different versions of the same thing- All interfaces, particularly the ship construction, are clunky, confusing and uninformative- The core gameplay loop, mainly the combat, simply is not fun to me."
76561198030786790,Not Recommended,252470,26584773,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jamesc70,"I thought the new direction this game was going looked fun, but I had to force myself to play to even get to 6 hours played.Instead of the clever top down shooter with lots of customization, SPAZ 2 is any random 4X game without actually flying around, with some of the most generic combat I've ever played. That really sucks, coming from SPAZ 1 where combat was always interesting and fun. Every battle you warp in, the enemy is directly in front of you far away, they fly at you, you at them... the only difference is what fighters you have, how your ship is setup.The gimmick is the mothership construction, which you do through snap on parts. While kind of interesting, it just doesn't hold a candle to SPAZ 1's hangar bay and customizing all your ships by each hardpoint. Instead of switching around booster modules and weapons, you scroll through lists of snap on parts and study their stats... not fun.Heres to hoping a SPAZ 1.5 will be made; a true succesor to SPAZ 1."
,Not Recommended,252470,32576463,Posted: 19 June,all,Luck,I just want it to be 2d again.
,Recommended,252470,23042648,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Eclipse,"Been waiting a while for this one, love it to death."
76561198134690269,Recommended,252470,31736517,Posted: 13 May,all,TGaP_Trixie,"I NEED CHINESE, PLEASE!"
,Not Recommended,252470,23046417,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TonkatsuRamen,I expected a better SPAZ 1 but got a dumbed down version. The game ditched all the parts that made SPAZ 1 fun and added  more grind mechanics than cookie clicker.
,Recommended,252470,23043571,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Huxley,"Get it now, extremely well polished.It seems the negative reviews are due to the game being different to SPAZ1. In my opinion a game should be judged on it's own merits not on a previous game. I think people are annoyed by feel of SPAZ2 rather than any actual bad gameplay, it's a great game.Although it feels different it is actually pretty similar, you have the starmap, you do things like improve your ship, trade and talk to captains. Time only passes when you move on the starmap (or in spaz1 it was measured by ""Jumps"") Then you pick a fight and you fight. There is a lot more to do in SPAZ2 than SPAZ1. I loved SPAZ1, it's one of my favourite games and I can see this game becoming one of my faves too, but I am not going to compare them in the way it seems quite a few people have done, that is not a review that is a comparison."
76561197966203934,Not Recommended,252470,25891514,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"I dont like the fact to lose by figths more resources for repair then i get thrue battle, loot is rare what makes it boring to figth Bandits, it cost more then you get in most cases. (Early Game) It stops me from want to play further, what is not wanted i guess."
76561198054199843,Not Recommended,252470,25770196,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,n1nsun,"not yet ready. it's stable, but missing many usability enhancements."
76561197998964861,Not Recommended,252470,24019995,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Southern Wind,"If you expect SPAZ1 then do not buy SPAZ2. I have expected SPAZ2 because I loved SPAZ1, but SPAZ2 is not like SPAZ1.First, SPAZ1 is top view game. I still can choose top view mode on SPAZ2. But I can not play with top view mode. Because of the sight limitation of top view. I have to switch first person view aiming mode to aim. The enemy's shooting range overwhelms me.Second, I manipulate the arrow all the time except during combat. In SPAZ1, I teleport betweed the galaxy(or the planets). In SPAZ2, I manipulate the arrow icon with W,A,S,D keys. The arrow icon is my ship. This is so weired.Impressive thing is that constructing the ship is like Captain America. It is so customizeable."
76561198052001143,Recommended,252470,32964071,Posted: 28 June,all,pompompom,Great game
76561198135888005,Recommended,252470,25731743,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,"kirtapkasor ""F THE DLC""",great game missing multiplayer tho
76561198052601509,Not Recommended,252470,23049183,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jywert3,"Not Spaz 2. Just using the same setting. Did bit hope the level 13 ""joke"" was just a joke not real game.Made a  good space shooter were you could really controll your ship into a broad-side brawler in sea.Look at youtube videos before bying. If New to game buy Spaz 1. Its a better game than this.Not really worth it. Refunded."
76561197962081295,Not Recommended,252470,29566948,Posted: 29 January,all,Piderman,"I've tried to like this game. I really did and I know how much efford went into it. But seriously, the combat system is absolutely not enjoyable. It's just not working. Even for a beta version this is rubbish (and you are saying it's basically finished...).Maybe I'm missing an important point, the key how to succeed in combat, but so far it was that I've been destroyed in every single combat situation I've been to. If there is a trick, how to do this, you should consider sharing or showing it to the player before they end up totally frustrated.God I loved SPAZ and was soo excited about SPAZ2, but this is a huge dissapointment for me."
,Not Recommended,252470,31661961,Posted: 10 May,all,ThatZenoGuy,"I cannot say I like this game, nor can I say it is superior to the original in any way.Graphics: 3d doesn't mean better, too few developers understand this.3d has no purpose in a game which lies on a 2d plane, why not just use nice looking sprites like the original?The original has lovely sprites and artwork, this game looks like absolute trash, with glowing lights everywhere giving you a headache, and god awful mothership designs which look like someone threw trash together and named it a functioning warship.Gameplay: Again, a massive fail compared to the original.Its a grindfest, nothing more than hours of joining battles in hopes of getting enough levelups until you can actually fight something on your own.To be competitive you need 'high star' parts, and the chances of these dropping are so slim, I am yet to see any drop with all my hours of playing this game.Buying a single one takes hours of waiting. And I mean REAL TIME hours, this game needs a fast forward button.Difficulty: the developers are quite incompetent at this, your enemies are braindead and rush at you until the end of time, the only thing which makes them difficult (or rather, impossible to beat, if you're playing harder difficulties and they have lots of strike craft) is that they simply do 10 times as much damage as you do, and have ten times as much health.I watched a ship with 10% health remaining, and no shields, 1 hit my full health and shielded mothership twice his size.That isn't difficulty, or balance, its cheating.Enemies at low levels have what appears to be nearly 'unlimited' strike craft, each of which can solo your entire mothership singlehandedly, yet alone the 'medium' strike craft, which I am yet to defeat with my mothership and 4 whole strike craft loaded with anti-big ship weapons.Map: Its a giant circle with little 'blobs' making up sectors...Its boring, has pointless fog of war which permenently dissapears once you visit a sector, and every couple has a 'lore' pickup which gives you some much needed stuff when you start. Despite clearing the entire map of pickups, I still didn't have enough resources to buy anything of value, and was promptly one hit killed by a guy fifty times stronger than me who I never met before.Guess he just hated me.I cannot suggest buying this game.The first game was a genuine grindquest, but at least it was a fair one, at least it didn't need you to contantly be on the lookout for non-existing good parts, at least it had damned good art design and didn't rely on lego-motherships which have ten times your health.This game is horridly backwards in many ways, and the development shows this.I did not manage to buy this game when it first came out, but I bought it before they 'cancelled' multiplayer.I don't care much for multiplayer, and its sad every indie dev shoehorns it in, countless hours were wasted which could have been spent actually making this game a good one.DON'T expect any updates or pathes of value to arrive, it won't happen, simple as that.The last patches have done nothing but rebalance and update the sandbox function of the game, which is nothing more than a grindquest of variable length, depending on what you choose.The campaign is short, a handful of quests, but is artificially elongated with hours of grinding, and bloated with enemies which will 1 hit kill you if you get close.Zombies are particularly overpowered, in the original game they had unique weapons and ship models, in this? They're just purple enemy ships.Large zombies launch little pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥at you, which drain your shields in 3 seconds, then proceed to remove all your HP in another 3 seconds, again, this is cheating, not balance.I'd ask the developers to give me a refund, but I doubt they'd do so.This is such a shock to me, as I loved the first game with a passion, and found it to be quite enjoyable.I have written this review after spending the entire day grinding to beat the 3rd or 4th quest, and I still get 1 hit killed in it.Edit 1: There is no difficulty in this game other than how stupidly tanky and damaging you want enemies to be, you have unlimited time ot grind, but enemies level up as you do, meaning that in the hardest difficulty, it is functionally impossible to beat.You would need to have a craft with nothing but 'six star' parts, and at least like 8 six star large strike craft to follow you. This would take literal months to grind and find on the hardest difficulty.This isn't fun."
,Not Recommended,252470,23075258,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,'Zakan Mikhael',"I puchased this game in Early Access, and then returned it.  I enjoy the first SPAZ game, and I understand that this one is different.  However, it felt like a shell of a game.  In the first mission, I could control the ship fine in the standard view, but when in overhead view (when you press ""C"" to zoom out and see your ship from above) the controls seemed random.  Also, I was not sure what to do... I just flew around... and flew around... and flew around... but never encountered anything than a few barrels.  At another point in the game when it allows you to add modules to your ship and such between levels, I could not easily figure out how to pickup and drop the modules onto my ship (not intuative... I just clicked and dragged and click left and right and such until something happened).  When I realized that I was getting frustrated with the game, I decided to  return it and purchase it again later when/if it becomes more polished (and, when multiplayer works -- a key reason I wanted the game).  I can see a lot of potential in this game."
,Not Recommended,252470,23052412,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rubberband,"I loved SPAZ. I don't love SPAZ2.If you loved SPAZ, I don't recommend this game. If you didn't play SPAZ, play this first as you might not be as biased as me. If you then don't like SPAZ2, get a refund and then get SPAZ, cos SPAZ rocks.I've played lots of early access games and, whilst this is polished enough, it felt wrong, instantly. It's like being handed a shiny, happy, love-filled unicorn only to find it has had its delicious, rainbow-flavored icecream violently slurped from its butt by a mean-faced zombie pirate named Gary, who also left drool all over its tail.I willingly admit this review might be entirely due to my bitterness following my prolonged excitement of SPAZ2. I only bothered to catch up on the games progress this week and then I read the negative reviews this morning. I tried to stay positive, but it's the Phantom Menace all over again.I reserve the right to reverse my review after final release and many patches that turn it back into SPAZ."
,Not Recommended,252470,28653020,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Paper Girl,"From second 1 this game has no desire to tell you how to play - and even less interest in actually allowing you to do so. After some four hours of play I still have yet to be able to stake even a small amount of the small sector of the universe I explored as my own - or even join another faction. Playing on the easiest difficulty setting will get you randomly killed by encounters two-to-four ""points"" above your own, despite the fact that the scaling system seems to easily go into the triple digits. Maybe this game gets way more fun later on, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the first several hours are just an obnoxious, aimless grindfest that seem to expect you to want to play the game on its own merits, rather than to advance or progress or anything meaningful."
,Not Recommended,252470,24659679,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,QQ,"If you like open world (2d or 3d space) games, this is for you. Its based on a 2d map screen that you explore and when you find an enemy, you go into the combat mode you see in the vids. This was enough for me to not like it because i was wishing it was more like SPAZ just with a 3d engine  and more to do."
,Not Recommended,252470,23046649,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Xangi,"http://steamcommunity.com/app/252470/discussions/0/364041776199817475/This thread should contain everything you need to know. I'll change the review if my opinion changes, but it rarely does."
76561198005404110,Recommended,252470,35072920,Posted: 19 September,all,Viscerios,Fun little game
76561198042519847,Not Recommended,252470,32756123,Posted: 24 June,all,Retribution,"Never played the first one.I've been gaming for over 30 years and usually I'm the guy that can figure games out with just a nudge in the right direction. I've got 1.5 hours in an honestly have no clue what I'm doing, what I should be doing or even could be doing. Because of this I cannot recommend it. I mean, how could I if I can't determine what it's supposed to be in the first place?Is this game so early in access that there is no direction and it's more of a sandbox to just run around and bump into and off of things?I'm puting this back on the shelf for awhile. Hoping that maybe in a month or so it'll have more shape."
,Not Recommended,252470,26579430,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Shush,"one dimensional gameplay, its all grind and the combat feels unsatisfying and sluggish"
,Not Recommended,252470,23050038,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gravedigger,"Space Pirates and Zombies 1? Nah, that game is good and interesting. Let's make a boring crappy game instead.A good game makes you feel like hours could disappear in seconds. This game made me look at my watch after 20 minutes thinking hours had passed, should tell you how engaging it is."
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,252470,25950610,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,matt1184,"The game is largely unfinished and many things don't make sense.  For example, my threat level is over 60, but a zombie with a threat level of 30 destroys me, everytime.  A lot is not explained well, if at all; so there is a lot of guess work, and that has no place in fine gaming.  Don't pick this up unless you are bored and want to be frustrated every so often.Update: Don't bother.  It isn't ready."
,Not Recommended,252470,35084131,Posted: 20 September,all,Exostenza,"I don't want a game that is EXACTLY the same. I want a game that builds on the foundations of the original while bolstering the strengths that made it so good while adding more to the experience and an up to date engine. It just feels like a different game entirely (and a super dumbed down - aka streamlined in the industry - version of it to boot ... maybe in anticipation of a console release due to controller UI restrictions) rather than a sequel.That is my issue with it.It might be a decent game without expectation set from SPAZ 1 as it is definitely a far cry from the original SPAZ experience in terms of overall gameplay and mechanics. For all intents and purposes it might have served the devs better to call it something else and start a new IP so people who were huge fans of the original wouldn't be let down like I was because we were expecting SPAZ 2... not this game. SPAZ 1 just grabbed me and I played it forever as it heavily drew from the Escape Velocity Nova formula/genre and I loved that game and the general style which is just not really present in SPAZ 2 and I can't seem get into it at all. I think it is because it no longer resembles that type of experience anymore. I was expecting something like VoidExpanse except with higher production values and that just didn't come to fruition with this title. Even though that game is fairly low budget I had way more fun with it than SPAZ 2 (and enjoyed SPAZ 1 even more) as it keeps closer to the formula of the type of game I was expecting. Again, I am not saying it is a bad game, I just think it isn't what SPAZ fans had in mind for the sequel is all.I think this is all reflected in the 11 CAD (so maybe 10 USD) sale before the launch. I think they know they don't have a game that lives up to the expectations of the original SPAZ on PC. Console player, however, might find it a very different experience not having the original for reference if they aren't also PC gamers. That is where they will likely get their revenue from if they maket it well enough as it definitely screams ""made for console"" in every respect that the game has been changed from the original."
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,252470,23570239,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,AiDec,Huge difference between SPAZ2 and SPAZ. Previous game was IMO waaay better.I`m very disappointed :(
76561198046036230,Not Recommended,252470,28164265,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mizu Zoo zU,"I loved the first Spaz, but I am having a very very hard time enjoying this one. Its gun to roam around freely and do what you want still, but I don't like the way they went about the new mother ship idea. I wish that you started the game with a new clockwork. The ship that made the game what it really is. Launching strike craft and support ships. But now you just have the little drones and such and its with your new lego style ship that can get parts blown off. It takes literally forever to save up for these modules and in one encounter before you can run, you lose half of your guns in the scrable to escape. Sadly I will not recomend this game in the state it is in now. I don't have much hope for it to feel more like Spaz 1 either. So sad :c"
76561198024949177,Not Recommended,252470,30807073,Posted: 28 March,all,ignis[ru],"It's not a SPAZ. It's a whole different game, and not a good one. SPAZ was a fast, dynamic arcade with an interesting plot. This is a space sandbox survival. It is slow, clunky and eager to punish you with nothing to give you as a reward, UI is bad, controls are bad, ship design system is bad, combat is bad. Developwers were too busy making it realistic economical simulator to make it an actual game."
,Not Recommended,252470,29717508,Posted: 5 February,all,Mercy,"The combat of this game was a real let down.It simply cant compete with games like Rebel Galaxy.The combat is dull.Getting into the game, you will get no obvious input whatsoeever whether you're hitting the enemy or not, whether you're in range, whether you're doing the right thing, whether your weapons are off cooldown, etc.I got frustrated and bored with it really quickly."
76561197999055408,Not Recommended,252470,35126915,Posted: 22 September,all,Jiff,"complete rubbish with non intutitive controls, save your money"
76561198006750633,Not Recommended,252470,35081363,Posted: 20 September,all,King,"Your ship handles like an obese person swimming after a platter of cakes in rapids and battle-wagon mode takes all the fun out of shooting at enemies. Combat is generally boring and unvaried and the 3D graphics should be considered a downgrade from the 2D sprites of SPAZ1. Very difficult to evade incoming fire, the afore-mentioned manouverability being poor is a cause of this but so is the AI being a crack shot with everything from gunfire to wrench throwing.The story continues on from the ending of SPAZ, with voice-acting that is often swing and a miss. However, frustratingly, the story is spread very thinly. I was still in the middle of the tutorial, which is actually the campaign, an hour in to the game.I can't recommend this game simply because it wasn't very fun."
,Recommended,252470,26779090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cathulhu,"Dedicated developer, listens to community, not afraid to do new things instead of doing the same over and over again.Would purchase on first day again."
,Recommended,252470,23108115,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,囍 DEN MOCK,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
76561198020005385,Not Recommended,252470,26641011,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,atleastsmile,"If you came here hopping for more of the amazmo from the first one you will be horribly dissapointed to find a completely different game without anything that made it fun before, just with the same names."
,Not Recommended,252470,23111958,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RawCode,"Current (early access) implementation of game, and especially ship construction minigame exceptionally dull, boring and frustrating.It's fun to assemble your own ship and make it unique, BUT:1) It's fun only ONE time, after that one time you will be forced to waste your time instead of actually playing game.2) Dont ever think about playing hardcore, ever with unlimited resources, you will be forced to reassembly your ship BLOCK BY BLOCK every time you die.no blueprintsno automatic assembly3) Assembly... ever if you are faction leader and own entire galaxy, you will be forced to visit ""shops"" on every station by yourself and there is no guarantee that you will actually find ""Block X with Weapon Y"".There is no way to manufacture blocks you need self, ever if you own station.There is no way to change weapon on block.4) God damned ""radiant AI"" welcome to obvilion 2, as soon as you hit level 40 every idiot will wear ""daedric"" and you can't do anything about it.Galaxy level with you and you will never become actually powerful no matter how hard you try.5) Instant respawn of enemy captains, with all blocks and weapons, no matter is station have such weapons or not.You may waste two hours in order to get chainsaw beam weapon, but, every god damned captain will have one after level X.6) Arbitrary forced limits ever in sandbox mode.You are not ever allowed to trade on level 0 and MUST grind your first level before you can ever trade with stations!Making your own station require level 12, for no reason.Same for ship size.7) Some AI captains are criminals and will attack you, CONSTANTLY with INSTANT respawn and you can't do anything.There is no way to execute captain or put him to jail.Probably developers will fix issues related to assembly minigame and respawns, but, ""everything levels with you"" cannot be fixed and will not be fixed.There are no strong captains, there are no weak captains, everyone always exactly your own level, no exceptions.(you will notice this after level 20, or 20 minutes of gameplay, intially levels are 1-20 but as soon as you hit level 20 everything will follow you)There are many games that implement autoleveling of everything to keep player busy at all time, but in reality there are no reason of levels and grinding at all if it will not make you any stronger.level 1 - your damage 10, enemy hp 100level 10 your damage 50, enemy hp 500just neh..."
76561198039270126,Not Recommended,252470,23320716,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Iceman,"Man. What a let down. All that time it was on my wishlist. All that time they spent \""developing\"" the game.... Just ugh."
76561198039894350,Not Recommended,252470,26706523,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ben,"If you liked and played SPAZ as much as I did, this is probably not for you."
,Not Recommended,252470,30547300,Posted: 16 March,all,Dimension Five,"A game with very little to do with its name sake.  SPAZ1 was a great action/arcade game, and had a wonderful sense of humor to boot.  This ""sequel"" is kinda a whole other beast.  Its been stripped of the promised multiplayer.  Leaving a rather dull single player game that revolves around creating your star ship out of random modules.  Its not very intriguing at all, and fans of the original should apporach this game as a whole new franchise.  The developers have updated the description since launch to warn people of such.  So its simply a too bad and ♥♥♥♥ you scenario for people that put their money up early due to how much they loved SPAZ1."
76561197968254063,Not Recommended,252470,30462235,Posted: 11 March,all,bean,"This game has a resource management layer that must be navigated in order to maintain your ship and get to the ship customization and combat layers that I find compelling. I wouldn't mind this if the resource management was  strategic, but it appears to be randomized on a large galaxy map and players are asked to fly around it picking up resources and finding engagements suitable to their threat level while upgrading their ship to increase their threat level. That seems like it should be fun, but there are a **ton** of other ships that are either AI or other players that are also nibbling up resources as soon as they are available and I found myself feeling rude for taking them - which I could get over, but I found it very difficult to find threat-appropriate challenges. Given how many positive reviews this is getting, I'm guessing there is a trick to it if you look up a tutorial or something, but I'm not that interested, and, again, I really don't like competing against other players in the resource-management layer. . .  it felt like Hungry Hungry Space Pirates and I was bored. YMMV.On top of all this, the narrative is poorly written with no introduction of the rather silly and funny crew for new players, way too much exposition at the front of the game that has no impact on the game's immediate story which again seems to be about Hungry Hungry Space Pirates. On the bright side, the quirky characters and narrative were a big part of the appeal of the previous game and they are back but they came off as just weird until I looked up the original game on Youtube to introduce myself to them again."
,Not Recommended,252470,23085930,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,My name is not important,"The freaking characters are so terrible! So far, all the dialogue has been forcibly hateful or forcibly sarcastic. Not just the characters' dialogue, or the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying to be a smartass at me, telling me that I MUST read the tutorial messages, but everything written and spoken is so patronizing.Literally, the first thing I saw as soon as I clicked on [new game] was ""This game is incomplete""IT'S BEING RELEASED AS A FULL VERSION!!It's only been 25 minutes, sure, but I already hate the damned game."
76561198019783247,Not Recommended,252470,35117312,Posted: 21 September,all,Furgarr,"Ill be sugesting it to my worst ennemy , so ican hear him scream WHY WHY !!! sucha  bad game no fun ."
76561197992660810,Recommended,252470,23042394,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,poison,10/10
,Not Recommended,252470,34358407,Posted: 19 August,all,bullno1,Clunky VR control. Monotonous gamgameplay -
,Not Recommended,252470,26628803,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jake Lockley,"The gameplay shift turned me off of the game completely. I have 84 hours in the original SPAZ. I want a real SPAZ sequel, not whatever the hell this is."
76561198041471543,Not Recommended,252470,31178491,Posted: 16 April,all,Scuba Steve,Scrapped Multiplayer GG thank you for scrapping one of the main features promised at launch.
76561198352087811,Not Recommended,252470,29603852,Posted: 31 January,all,Tedan,The graphics - it's giving me headache! Too many controls! Tutorial not so helpful
76561197991246612,Not Recommended,252470,24892403,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,AssaultPenguin,"Spent about 20 minutes trying to get my rumblepad 2 to work without success.  Then spent about ten minutes trying to reconfigure the keyboard controls via the input menu, which theoretically allows for customized keymapping, but was just plain broken.  Not going to waste my time on this game if such basic control functionality is broken. Couldn't find any references or instructions.  Looks like it's set up for people with xbox controllers, but nobody else is worth supporting.EDIT: Several months later, decided to see if they've upgraded the controller functionality.  Still only supports xbox controllers."
76561197970914684,Not Recommended,252470,26652997,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dan,I loved SPAZ but this is so bad. Gameplay is just no fun at all.
,Not Recommended,252470,30031676,Posted: 19 February,all,MyMy,I stopped playing 5 minutes into the game when I saw the new awful 3D person view and heard awful machine voice. I will give it another try after release indeed. But they definitely should have not called it SPAZ 2.
,Not Recommended,252470,23060593,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CombatWombat,"SPAZ was a treat, SPAZ 2 is beat."
,Not Recommended,252470,35078306,Posted: 19 September,all,[40-1]HandsomeJack,"If you expect this to be like SPAZ like i did, dont buy it. Its a completly new game on the same theme. Sadly this game goes to my junk folder on steam."
,Not Recommended,252470,25739672,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ankido,"I'm going to clarify my review because a lot of people were not understanding.  No, I don't support this game I'm sorry.  The devs are nice people and they listen to the community.  They've listened to what everyone wanted from Space and Zombies 1 and added to SZ2.  Great group of people always willing to help.Unfortunately, I don't like the game.  The concept is kinda broken.  It's Rebel Galaxy meats the RTS world.  The campaign drags and the story is boring.  You can't build your own starbase and conquer the unniverse until you're level 12. By that time, the grid is full and you have to attack stations to grab a piece of the grid for yourself.  (There's a part in the campaign that tells you to join a faction and build a base.  I can confirm that you need to be level 12 in single player but in campaign it's part of the missions before level 12).  Regardless, you can't build under your name, must be the faction you are with.I don't like how the ships are being built.  I feel like I'm limited to what I can do with my ship.  Like the devs said themselves, it's a weird game and unique of it's kind.   I'm sorry, I don't like the game and I don't think it's fun for me.  Is it worth a shot to try it?  Sure it is, a lot of you will like it.  For me, it's not balance at all in single player.ProsSmooth gameCan't seem to find bugsColorful nice graphicsConsnot balanced wellPoor UI systempoor ship customizationSome of the things I can think of.  Please don't grill me or be mad at me.  My opinion and how I feel about this game.  Way too early to buy."
76561197961643129,Not Recommended,252470,25737005,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Pub Heroes - b0niK,SPAZ 1 is better in every way.
76561197981478563,Not Recommended,252470,31712835,Posted: 12 May,all,Dys,Game play is very slow. Pirates take your resources you collect because you have no chance of beating. I would rather have pink eye then play this game.
76561198007079115,Not Recommended,252470,23059874,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,andbruu,Nothing like the first game. Not even motivated to put more than 20m into this game. Something so bad in the first 20 minutes dont deserve to be explored further.
,Not Recommended,252470,30697682,Posted: 23 March,all,dyslexnick,not worth it after they scrapped multiplayer
,Not Recommended,252470,28296543,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Tooway™,"NEEDS ALOT OF EARLY ACCESS WORK, wait for final product."
76561198042976404,Not Recommended,252470,34961479,Posted: 14 September,all,max.kanel,"I loved SPAZ a lot and this is completely different gameI played it for 30 mins and had no fun at all.Obsolete graphicsNon intultive controlsBad tutorialAll in this game look dated and unpolished. Waste of 20$Update:I give it a thought and my conclusion is: this is an insult to call this game ""SPAZ 2"" in the first place! This is NOT SPAZ 2! :) I imagine how many people bought it expecting SPAZ in 3D...For people who came here in a search of SPAZ-like games: try Endless Sky, 3030 Deathwar Redux, Star Nomad 1 and 2Also: greatly underrated game with the similar spirit: Windforge"
76561198010265854,Not Recommended,252470,29982822,Posted: 17 February,all,Thygod,"Game was stated to be multiplayer when in first stages of development so I purchase a copy, Turns out they cant implement it but they did give me a refund,so the developers are pretty dedicated to customer service.But I cant give a possative review on that basis the game doesnt have what It was supposed to so I have to keep a neg review on single player side the game is great as was the first. My only hope is that if they make a third they make the full game multiplayer to cater for the people who was looking forward to that.."
,Not Recommended,252470,25741676,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Tea2theBag,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit : Runs okay now i7700k @ 4.8Game's pretty bland. rather boring.
76561197961428713,Not Recommended,252470,30011859,Posted: 18 February,all,Devilman,Was stated that this game would have multiplayer and then to find out it now cannot have multiplayer .... screw this company and its hoax of a game .... buyer beware multiplayer will never be coming.I hope this company dies for this .... lying to the fans about features is not a way to build a game.0/10
,Not Recommended,252470,30094537,Posted: 21 February,all,BloodravenD,Not worth picking up.
76561197969844403,Recommended,252470,23040717,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,x,If Half-Life 3 was out it would be the second best game of all time because this game is the number one best game of all time.
76561198054803988,Not Recommended,252470,35075285,Posted: 19 September,all,(P.A.N.) Void killer,"♥♥♥♥ing awfull! I loved SPAZ 1, so this is a major dissapointment for me! The combat system is totally different, the mothership is different and your ♥♥♥♥ing ships are different! I ♥♥♥♥ing tried to like it, I honestly did! Spaz 1 is just better in every way"
76561198130575956,Not Recommended,252470,34083583,Posted: 7 August,all,switucki,bad game
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,252470,29684008,Posted: 3 February,all,Meat Popsicle,well i honestly like the game but im not gonna reccomend it.why you ask?there appears to be some pinned thread asking users to lie about the game and thumbs it up so help their rating for sales.i mean they are complaining over 4 negative reviews.what the ♥♥♥♥? the game is good enough that it had plenty of positive reviews.thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥. im out
,Not Recommended,252470,28260154,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Baboon,No controller support
,Not Recommended,252470,28209089,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,iiiiik,Pro:- nothing.. its a different game.Contra:- everythingwaste of money and time
76561198011795054,Recommended,252470,30429629,Posted: 10 March,all,BooMan,"A very short review based on a few hours playtime:It's the perfect sequal. It is similar enough to SPAZ1 that it feels like a successor, yet different enough that it's not merely a re-skinning of the original. It feel familiar, yet also new. And you don't have to have played through SPAZ1 to be able to enjoy the game. Having played through the original gives you added flavor and a sense of continuity, but you won't be at a disadvantage in gameplay if you haven't played the original, plus the Lore bonuses fill in the notable backstory details of SPAZ1."
76561198137117579,Recommended,252470,30482257,Posted: 12 March,all,Rad Machine【=◈︿◈=】,"Really fun little game. Maintains the best features from the franchise with dynamic and fun combat, customization, and good humour. Also keeps a lot of the elements from the previous game while adding plenty of new ones that make it feel unique and different. Looks very promising and is more than enjoyable in its current state of Early Access. Definitely reccomend to try if you enjoyed the first, and even if you haven't you can still have a lot of fun with this one."
76561197990746338,Recommended,252470,29567908,Posted: 29 January,all,Defelion,its a fun game where you have different ways to play alliance yourself with the galaxy is your goal or destroy all other factions or a mix there of with the use of your ship that you design in a way not like space engineer but in building blocks where you put the peices together to give the play style you want wether it is being a carrier or have a ton of missiles and torpedoes meaby a sniper or a shutgun typeit will be even more fun once multiplayer comes around well if it is not just an arena that it is actuly multiplayer coop kinda deal
76561198009196812,Recommended,252470,30672825,Posted: 22 March,all,Sizman,"Fun Game, Strategic with space ship battles, great graphics, customizable mothership and strike craft(weapons only).  Been a while since involved with a game.  Never played the first SPAS."
76561197970336162,Recommended,252470,23053146,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dragonbait,"Update:So there have been a number of hotfixes which have added some control options and squashed the majority of CTDs, enough that I would now say its a worthwile purchase!Still looking forward to a bit more content, but if the original SPAZ is any indicator that will be forthcoming.Review after my first 6 Hours play:Awful controls, really unintuitive somehow, even after 6 hours I'm wrestling with them all the time, would be nice if they added more options.Lots of crashes to desktop, thankfully it auto saves though wish it did this slightly more offten whilst there are still so many CTD's.Joining a battle seems a litle bit pontless currently (this could change later in the game), whenever I join a fight with another NPC against a bandit, the bandit always dies before I get even halfway to weapons range.Prefer the old style tech tree and equipment, somehow just replacing parts, seems more limited.All that said I can already see it has a lot of potential, and Whilst I would hold off buying for the moment I think it will be a great game once its had a bit more bug squishing and polish."
,Recommended,252470,23051164,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Doctor Nightmares,"I brought this game expecting a improved SZAP 1... What I got was a totally different game.As you can see from my hours, I thought that it would get better once I've sunk my teeth into the game somewhat.Sadly, that isn't what happened. By the time I reached around level 40, I was out of perks to pick. The perks in this game on each level up wasn't even 1/4 of how many there's in SPAZ.There's less weapons too.I am surpised that SPAZ2 is looking to be a flop. A flop that was five year in making. I feel bad for the devs. I can see how much effort they put into the game, the AI programming... But... The game just isn't fun.The game is in early access, yes, but the devs have made it clear that the single player side of the game is finished. Once the muiltplayer side of the game is also finished, the game will be out of early access.I'll add more to this review once I've beaten the game.Edit One:Well. I beat the game. If I had focused on just the quests, I would had probably beat the game less than ten hours in. My feelings about the game haven't changed, aside from me starting to think that the storyline is kinda of forced.It turns out that beyond level 40, you get perks affecting your armor, HP, shielding and weapon damage, starting at five percent bonus for each perks, and after you've gotten some of those perks, they drop down to 3 percent bonus each.Edit Two:Now that I've slept a bit on the game, I would give this game a thumb down if this game was supposed to be Space Pirates and Zombies 1.5, but it's not. It's a different game. From that view point, the game is a good game... Not a great game as Space Pirates and Zombies 1 is. It is fun enough, through, that the price is fair.As you can see from my total playtime, I've gotten a good bang of fun for my bucks. I was interested enough to keep on playing, even after bashing the game. I changed my rating from a thumb down to a thumb up. The game could be better, but.... Even so, it is still a good game."
76561198011613278,Recommended,252470,23207876,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,dalamar_nightshade,"I really want to love this game. However, Some of the simple things are terribly overlooked. Like which button to hit to tractor your ship apart and add modules. Seriously, I tried every button on my keyboard. I tried multiple combinations.Well, found out from an online thread, then I saw the developers comment. I loved SPAZ 1, so I'm going to give this another go, I'll update this in the future when I've made my final determination.Update: Well, the devs do read the reviews, and change things accordingly. I understand the game is still currently in beta. I'm having some major problems with the game freezing my pc. I'm hoping this gets worked out as they start working out the kinks.All in all, solid privateer type game."
76561198074989089,Recommended,252470,23082755,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lox,"A stand up edition to the first and although it does differ from its predecessor it defiantly lives up to expectations, having followed the development of SPAZ 2 since it was mentioned by Minmax Games I can say I wasn’t disappointed and can’t wait to see what they continue to do with Spaz 2!"
,Recommended,252470,30808005,Posted: 28 March,all,IHaveNoMercy,"I love the game,awesome mechanics, great strategy, the only thing is the game doesnt have much content in terms of what they plan to add in yet, the development is rather slow, but its worth picking up :) and its 100% worth the $20 usd, it just needs to be developed more frequently"
76561198031709580,Recommended,252470,23062778,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,AidenTetra,"As an avid fan of the first SPAZ game, I had extremely high hopes for SPAZ 2. I was not disappointed. Much has changed from the original SPAZ, and many of the changes are great: Fantastic graphics, great sound effects and soundtrack, decent AI. I only have a few gripes with it.1) The Level Up SystemIn the first SPAZ, whenever you leveled up, you were given some research points and you could allocate them into different categories such as Engines, Missile, Shields, etc. In addition to making that system or weapon type better, certain items, like advanced shields or high tech weaponry, could not be installed onto your ships until you reached a specific milestone in the tech tree. For example, a high-damage cannon could not be used unless you had Cannons researched up to level 8. In SPAZ 2, they got rid of this level up system and exchanged it with a more streamlined, albeit less RPG-y system. In SPAZ 2, when you level up, you are given 3 choices (and sometimes a free perk is thrown in) that can be anywhere from getting 10% better prices in shops to increased weapon damage. Because of this, weapon types are no longer hidden behind a level wall (although one could argue that since some ship parts have level requirements there is still a sense of a level wall). In SPAZ 1 you could focus your points into only a few categories, or allocating a few points into many categories. Which could lead to a fleet of extremely fast ships with high powered lasers (if you focused on Engines and Lasers) or a fleet that is mixed, or jack-of-all-trades. There is less of a push for specialization in SPAZ 2, which leads into my second gripe: Weapons.2) WeaponsIn short, I don't feel as though there is enough difference between the weapon types. Lasers, cannons, and missiles all seem to do just about the same damage when compared to one another (and I have damage numbers enabled so I see how much damage I'm causing the enemy ships). In addition, I find it irritating that ship parts come with pre-installed weapons. I would like to see the modular parts such as the wings, noses, and engines be able to switch out the weapons that come with them.Aside from those, I do believe this is a phenomenal game. The gameplay is fun and fast paced, and the story is just as intriguing (and has just as much funny dialogue) as SPAZ 1. I do hope that, as this game evolves and continues to be worked on, that things such as side quests will be added. But for being built by 2 guys, this game is amazing.Rating: 8.7/10"
76561198050719425,Recommended,252470,30825534,Posted: 29 March,all,TheWizard,"This game is nearly there. However some real sad things are present that make me say maybe you'll like it. ( edit: after playing the new sandbox mode I am changing to recommended )Graphics, sound, battles are very good except for the fact that enemy ships seem to have small ship manufacturing plants on board their main ships. It seems an endless onslaught of missiles as you attempt to speed away from the enemy main ship(s). Your fingers are becoming numb by the time you finally kill all ( or mostly all ) of the intercepters, etc.This is not my idea of fun, or tactiful space combat. We should all fight on a level playing field, but we can only carry under 10 ( approx. - it has been awhile since I was that far into a game ). Beat me with your ability to program, and prove it with the AI you build into the enemy. Not some BS let them have more stuff to try to counter human intelligence.The only other snag is once you get your own base and begin to roll, the enemy just become battering ram targets, with your ship as a ram. There's very little actual 'dog fighting' involved.I think it will be great fun when the devs get where they want to go, but it has been slow. Still, with over 150 hours in the game I have gotten my investment out of it plus dividends."
,Recommended,252470,25333644,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GretelMK2,"The game is pretty fun.  The campaign is good and it's probably worth the money.  But I'm writting this review to talk about what I believe is it's biggest flaw:Battles are always too easy or too hard.  It's super rare to find a fight where your skill in flying makes the difference.  Either you and your teammate out gun them so badly that they run away or you get a 3v1 in the enemies favor and you get destroyed.I don't know the solution to this issue, but it stopped me from putting waaaaay more hours into it."
76561198138271158,Recommended,252470,23134405,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MadYeAd,"One hell of a good game! 7/10It isn't exactly a sequel for Space Pirate and Zombies 2. But it brings you with a new type of gameplay.You fly around the galaxy with your FTL drive, which is being powered with REZ and play with 200 other Ai captains that might be your allies or your enemy. But the Zombie threat is going increasingly stronger with every defeated Ai captain.Gather resources like scaps and rez to build your ship and get stronger. No ship is alike and parts only comes with fighting other players and in faction controlled stations.Building your parts is an option but cost a lot more than just buying it from a station and thanks to the search button, it is much easier.Attacks can be somewhat dull after a while. The game only allow you to fight against 3 enemies at the same time. Same goes for how many allies you got on your side. (So only 4 AIs, 1 player and 3 AIs can fight at the same time.)"
76561198162319125,Recommended,252470,28809824,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BobTheFancyHobo,"Pretty short in terms on the story mode and it doesn't take too long to become so powerful that even 3v1 is no problem (if you build a good ship anyway) but the combat is fun and the variety of parts for your ship is pretty good. I'd say buy it play story mode, then jump into the sandbox and set some challanges for yourself. I am currently only allowed to use fighters/bombers and strike craft and the goal is to destroy every starbase making the map 100% neutral."
,Recommended,252470,28794281,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kalogrym,I'm really loving this game.
,Recommended,252470,28939663,Posted: 2 January,all,SquidBoss,"I was told the robotic voices are temporary.Don't you dare.9/10Have spent a large amount of time trying to find a mix of space battles and galaxy management. I spent about seven hours with nose glued to the screen doing both and didn't realize nor come up with a glaring issue and this is the 'Early Access' - it has more polish and substance than most in early access around these days.The only issues I've come to have are the pacing and the ship size. Early levels feel somewhat snail pace and it is a lot of 'Click and wait to scrap' or 'Arena that's really too easy' and eventually you'll get in a fight and get so much XP you'll earn two or possibly three levels. Ship size seems to stall out or at least lingers at 15 cores and with three attachment points on later pieces it is very easy to have very few weapons. It bega to feel that the support ships of enemy captains were actually the threat in battle and the captains themselves in many situations would die in the first thirty seconds but their support ships would run me down. (This could be my error but it felt strange) Navigation with the UI is near seamless, load times feel amost as if they do not exist, everything is super easy to see and reach. The humor is great and the captains are all special snowflakes in their own insane way making them all quite memorable.Given that it is early I look forward to the updates and all further development. If you're into piloting space battles and building custom ships in a strategic/galaxy management it'll be worth your time."
76561198019236311,Recommended,252470,28975276,Posted: 3 January,all,SamSaruel,"This game is for us, my 30+ friends ;)"
76561198000554322,Recommended,252470,28976924,Posted: 3 January,all,oldbone,"Great fun. I'll try to touch on positive points perhaps not covered by other reviews:- CARRIERS! Finally, a game that does carriers justice. Sit back and watch your swarms of fighters/bombers take down enemy ships. Big fun.- INTERFACE. Clean & polished. You can tell the dev team has experienced UX designers on staff.- LOTS TO DO. Whether it's fighting off raids in your territory, protecting your transports, stemming the tide of the infection,  heading off to sell booty, or whatever - the galaxy is always teeming with activity.- QUICK FUN. One of the games I pop into for 10 minutes and feel accomplished. The only danger is when you don't realize that ""10 minutes"" has turned into ""1 hour""...Looking forward to multiplayer and whatever else comes along. Instant-classic!"
76561198096684749,Recommended,252470,28771217,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,☠ S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Whisky Wolf,a whole lot of yes with a side of dont blow me up
76561198055969272,Recommended,252470,28769483,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,leonhartlover,"You can have a horde of fighters.You can blast away from long range.You can even get up close and personal, shred them to bits.If anything, this game is missing allowing more cores and a little more 3d construction. Tiny game, big package. I'm so addicted."
76561197970523499,Recommended,252470,28965158,Posted: 2 January,all,Azzazzel,"Completed first play through.... it was kinda tasty, coulda done with a lil more and I hope it will get tweaked. ALLOW BIGGER SHIPS!(maybe 30 cubes?). ALSO ALLY SHIPS THAT DO NOT FLY IN FRONT OF A FULLY UNLOADING DESTROYER OF DEAD THINGS! AND THEN SIT THERE GETTING KILLED! There... I tried to be subtle and I think I did it masterfully if you think allied captains are masterful at 'what happens in combat :) Otherwise quite good! ;)"
,Recommended,252470,29766553,Posted: 7 February,all,pat.camp,"Space Pirates and Zombies 2 is a game that needs some polish, and has some disappointing flaws, but is a blast to play when you get down to it.  My biggest complaint with the game is that I never felt like a pirate.  In a world where every other character is a pirate too, you lose some of that swashbuckling fun."
76561197993016605,Recommended,252470,23042392,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,gravix,Really nice
76561198038508673,Recommended,252470,27915316,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tanner,"Great game, lots of fun and there are many options on how you go about killing the enemy."
76561198003430773,Recommended,252470,27871154,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SpaceHaze,"One of a few Early Access games that actually feels and plays like a complete product. Nice combat mechanics, which are affectd by your ship building strategy, but I am hoping that more weapons get added for the higher levels, to keep the game-play evolving."
76561198012433712,Recommended,252470,27799220,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Toxie,"While it's somewhat different in both at scope and gameplay copared to the first game, it's still a very good and addicting game that gets updated regularely.Definitely recommended for everyone that likes space games."
,Recommended,252470,28795363,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ShinnikinsLive!,"They really need to get the voice acting in but other than that its a great game! Really fun and original. Would love it if some of the parts fitted togeather a little better. So if you could find the right parts you could have a normal looking ship. Still great game, lots of fun.  Would recommend even in EA!"
76561198168678947,Recommended,252470,28803922,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,smccalley,"Definitely enjoying SPAZ2.  There aren't enough games like this!  I'm maybe halfway through, and still having tons of fun.  Even in development it's a great building/upgrade/fighting space game.  The first game was a lot of fun, with a community that came up with some nice mods, and hopefully that will happen this time around as well.  The learning curve is perfectly fine-- it looked a bit more intimidating going in, but things might actually have been easier to pick up.  I'm looking forward to playing sandbox when I finish story mode.Things may be a little more difficult this time around, but not in a bad way at all.  It's hard to compare, but the dififculty seems harder without really sticking any walls in front of you.  Progression is natural and the variety of ways parts are generated or combined means that you have a lot of variety in your mothership.  That's a lot better than the first game, where you had a fixed set of ship types to really interact with, so there's a lot more choice in how you construct your main ship now.  It more than makes up for somewhat lesser options in fleet construction (the streamlining there is a lot nicer really? because all the more complicated ship options are all in the mothership now instead of laborious repeated customization for each fleet ship).There's only one real grind: mining in early gameplay.  Mining Rez doesn't get you much, but it can be hard to use the alternate methods at first (though once you get to a certain point, and that's pretty fast, it's just fine).  It's entirely possible that on a second game, this isn't going to be a problem just because I'll be used to the balance of resource-gathering (but I don't know that yet).The game is very funny; there's a hilarious (inoffensively profane? sounds paraxodical but isn't, unless you object to profanity on principle) nihilism to the way people are written.  If you liked the first game's attitude, you'll like most of this.  The entire setting has a sort of comedic nihilism about humanity in general.  It's even present in mechanics (people are a resource, after all, and the mechanics of getting them are probably horrific).  The balance of humor about the general human condition, without concerning itself with politics, nationality, or religion, is kind of fascinating for a scifi work that goes out of its way to casually develop through its characters what it's like to live in the setting.The sex jokes may not be everyone's style since they're all made at the women.  Nobody's the butt of a sex joke for being male; that's reserved for female characters (at no other point does sex or gender get addressed or matter).  They're a bit of a drag to slog through if it grates on a player.  Fortunately, it's not a large part of the game (but I want to space Skid).Definitely looking forward to my sandbox game!  I'm hoping that they add a few more options to game parameters when you start a new game, but even if they don't, it's a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,252470,31567309,Posted: 5 May,all,The Trashman,"Definitely different from the original, but very good."
76561197965090270,Recommended,252470,31659069,Posted: 9 May,all,MageLink,Awesome game
76561198117332250,Recommended,252470,31666486,Posted: 10 May,all,a very angry African American,this game is great like the first one. This one is a must have for every science fiction fan and sandbox lover
,Recommended,252470,31687675,Posted: 11 May,all,I.C.E.,"First game was fun. This one is even better, totally can recommend it if you liked the first one.Just for great justice: Couple of things I don't like- Camera defaults to 3rd person. In 2d space topdown is so much better. You can switch to topdown, but can't set it as default.- You can't useonlyyour strike crafts, like you did in the first game. While it's okay with the new gameplay, it gives the feeling that your small friends are useless (wrong feeling, but still)."
76561198003433135,Recommended,252470,31777855,Posted: 15 May,all,Automator,"OK, I'm playing it again. Although I think it could be more it is still a far cry from the cash grab games released over the years. They care about this game and it shows. Thumbs up!"
76561197978864955,Recommended,252470,30182825,Posted: 25 February,all,Toriessian,Fun game.Its a lightweight strategy/space combat game. Not super deep strategy wise but fun enough and the game has personality. Graphics are good. I certainly think the game is worth the price.
,Recommended,252470,23189468,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,arikreven,"I played SPAZ 1 and enjoyed it greatly, I really had my hopes up for its sequel and while there are a great many improvements overall, I am left with the feeling that MINMAX has made it unduly complicated.  SPAZ was a great top down shooter, and had a very amusing storyling and SPAZ 2 still has the possibility to become better, but I can't say that I can recommend SPAZ 2 as it stands.5/10Above you will find my first review, as you can tell, I was not overly impressed.  However as I have continued to play it and get use to how the new game works, I find it very fun and engaging.  As long as they keep updating it and keeping up the good work, I see this game gaining groung on the popularity of SPaZ and possibly surpassing it.8/10"
,Recommended,252470,31055409,Posted: 10 April,all,Pugpugpugs,"I would consider this a wonderful game. Probably the biggest, even only, issue, is that the developers had to give up on multiplayer. However, this does not reflect the game's quality. This game looks amazing on quality pc's and involves a great spectrum of different gameplay. If you love pure action, enjoy some ship battles. If you want to take the entire universe over, you can. There really are a lot of different things you can do. I would most certainly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great single player experience."
,Recommended,252470,23246419,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Myssiv,"I will admit that I was shocked at how short the story campaign was, however the sandbox mode has nigh endless replayability and powerful modifiers to make the game whatever you want it to be. There is a great game here and I love that instead of wallowing in the success of its predecessor, SPAZ 2 jumps off and boldly decides to do its own thing and be its own game.It is fun and there is just enough homage to the first one for me to be satisfied. 30+ hours of good, concentrated fun is well worth it for me."
,Recommended,252470,23051647,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,LeatheryObject,"I am so proud of the growth of this game. I've been playing this game since the beginning and following it even longer.when it started it was enjoyable but was missing that special something that made the origional great. now, they have found that something. there is so much freedom in ship and universe design.the future of this title is so bright. constant developer interest in the feedback of the community constant tweeks and changes to get the best product possible.they were involved and updated the origional right up until the announcment of this, it's sequal, so expect constant changes and improvments over it's lifetime.could not reccommend highly enough, these guys deserve your investment.THE SCIENCE IS LEAKING OUT!"
76561197998002169,Recommended,252470,34156037,Posted: 10 August,all,gmike92,"I was a bit skeptical about the game play at first, but I really enjoy it now. Constantly upgrading my ship and kicking♥♥♥♥♥all over the place."
76561198075172990,Recommended,252470,34007321,Posted: 3 August,all,Natopwnzor,"This game is lit, the only things I'd reccomend are diversity of modifications, maybe land battles with tanks and such, and multiplayer co-op campaign that has a bigger map. I think this game should be more known, it's an fps and an rts at the same time! We need more!"
76561197985095837,Recommended,252470,35077808,Posted: 19 September,all,Madreag,"After a couple hours of gameplay, I can see the fun in this game.It is no SPAZ 1, but still rather fun. At its pricepoint, I definitely recomend this game to SPAZ fans....and the developers rock! :)"
,Recommended,252470,35166113,Posted: 23 September,all,Devil`s Rejected,"The story is awesome, reminds me a lot of The Expanse and the books too.Storylines like this make me always think how cancerous humans really are spreading violence and death everywhere. Then seems obvious, in order to save our mother land, planet Earth, we really need to colonize other worlds so wars be about them and fought also on them, not here."
,Recommended,252470,35165772,Posted: 23 September,all,Swiftpain,"Only have just started really diving deep into this game. I can say that it is still has the Early Access feel. You will notice the how out of balance it really is, a few other silly issues. Let me quickly break this down to the Pros and cons.Pros:Many factions to pick from. (Pretty sure its just what ever color you want atm.)Lots of customizationMany different styles of weapons to useLots to fightPacing is decentRaids or Wars (two factions fighting)The BanditsThe ViewThe Dialog is greatFancy graphicsNo giant mothershipEvery pilot has its own favorabilityCons:Fighting someone equal to your level is not going to go well. (At least in lower levels)Lots of grinding for your small shipsFactions are mostly pointlessAI is very dullNot enough information going into fightsOk, I know there is a bunch more. This is just a quick EA review. I still think you should jump on this game. I did get it for 50% off so it was totally worth it."
76561198019961071,Recommended,252470,35155595,Posted: 23 September,all,lordcrekit,"It's great fun, ton of replay value. I really like that they let you do things that will probably screw you over (labotomize/execute captains with huge diplomatic reprocussions, enter an ongoing battle and fight everyone there instead of joining a side, etc). All the other captains have the same abilities as you (except they can't load saves) and that makes it really interesting.Problems:- As the ships get larger and more powerful. combat often starts with these ships too close together. Sometimes they start almost in weapon range.- Battles max out at 4 people, even if there are 20 people around. There should be some system to allow for massive battles.- Most importantly, the campaign/strategic AI is really shortsighted. Often it will charge into me because it is stronger than me, even though I have a wingman/allies surrounding me that will come to my aid immediatly. They don't take into account anyone other than their mark.Even with those problems its a super fun playthrough, even if you only do it once. And you can do it a lot. The replayability is huge."
76561198002543245,Recommended,252470,35155224,Posted: 23 September,all,Securion,"Supricingly funny game and it feels like you can play it forever. Plays a bit like a ""rouge-like"" game.Endless replayability!"
76561198029579791,Recommended,252470,35168608,Posted: 23 September,all,Siegfoult,"Combat: Pretty fun hybrid of space shooter and broadside combat.  I would have prefered broadside combat more like Rebel Galaxy with the charging up of main cannons, but this game still has pretty good gameplay.  You can equip your ship with a variety of cannons, lasers, missiles, shotguns, etc.  You can also have a small fleet of small ships assist you.  There are powerups that boost shields, energy, etc that you can grab during combat.  You can blast parts off of enemy ships and attach them to your ship mid combat, and they can do the same to you.Metagame: This is where the game really shines.  The map is made up of dozens of other AI captains who can do everything you can (except quicksave before battle).  Some are strong and some are weak, and you start out weak and have to get stronger.  There are factions and you can make other captains like your or not, depending on how you interact with them.  Make enemies, and they might hunt you down.  Make friends, and they might join you in a fight if they are nearby.  There are also pirates and pirate nests to do battle with.  It's a great AI-driven sandbox for making your own stories.Music/SFX: OK, similar to the first game, nothing spectacular.Graphics: Sci-fi with an emphasis on neon colors.  Battles look pretty in a vivid sort of way.Story/Lore: Not bad, characters can be a bit annoying, setting is kinda cool in a dystopian way.Price: worth $20 if you really like space shooters or AI sandboxes, otherwise wait for a $10 sale."
,Recommended,252470,35178677,Posted: 24 September,all,TħɘLΕԌΟɓŗίck,"runs fine on this potato-toaster hybrid i call my computer (on maximum optimization, but even then im quite amazed)"
,Recommended,252470,35181920,Posted: 24 September,all,Paradox Song,"A good game, but very very different from its predecessor."
,Recommended,252470,35181728,Posted: 24 September,all,Crazyed66,"This game is awesome. Is it the best of its type? No! But it is very worth the purchase. It is early access but overall it is a quite enjoyable game. The humour is quite good (I especially enjoyed the story end). I am hoping the devs continue to create expansions to the story (as the game hints that they might :) ) As a sandbox I found the options were too numerous, A simpler selection would be good for those of us that want to get in and conquer quickly."
76561198009270346,Recommended,252470,35136499,Posted: 22 September,all,3Dguy,"I loved the first game.This thing, however, is completely unbalanced, broken.If an enemy is only ONE level above you, you get a beating.I grinded hard to level 116. What happens? All enemies spawn on level 135, and so on, and on.Gave up right on the final battle. Really an annoying experience that should send developers  back to the game design school.It´s a shadow of his former self, a pretier but extremely frustrating game."
,Not Recommended,252470,35148319,Posted: 23 September,all,Tyrian,this game has random generated balance based on player powerwhich means is same sht as insterstellaria have hadaka no balance at all
,Recommended,252470,35498703,Posted: 5 October,all,Rokk,"Campaign is a little bit grindy at first, but the sheer depth of the game makes up for it.Despite the 3D view, battles are still in 2D, like in the first game. It's more like a tank battle (which is fine)."
76561198052386399,Recommended,252470,35512277,Posted: 6 October,all,Sekai,"Pros:++Bought on sale on the premise that it was essentially complete for Windows.  Was not disappointed.  I've had bad experiences in the past with early access, but I didn't find any bugs or game breaking issues in ~41 hours, enough time to do the main campaign and a couple of custom play throughs.++Dev is active on forum.+Spaz 2 is a mix of space empire management and realtime combat.  Combat is largely automated, all you have to do is steer and select targets.  This is a negative for some people (as a lot of the negative reviews state that this differentiates it in a bad way from Spaz 1, which was much more skill-based and allowed greater control of the ship.)  I have not played Spaz 1, so I cannot compare them and am only rating it on its own merits.  If you like small-scale (at most 4 captains/motherships/starbases per fight) tactical combat, you should like this.  Although at times the 4-person limit seems arbitrary and restrictive, as there will often be dozens of captains flying around or attacking a starbase, but usually 3-1 fights are an automatic lose for the 1 unless it vastly outlevels the 3.+Your crew is voiced pretty well.  At first they might appear to all be cliche cynical snarkmongers, but they gets better as the campaign goes on.  The story isn't too deep, but it's not bad and there are extra lore nuggets floating around if you want to read them.Meh:= RPG-style leveling up is such that when you gain a level, you pick a perk, IE more damage, shields, armor, etc., but level-up customization pretty much ends at 45 (and then begins again, but on a much smaller scale), as by then, you will have gotten all of the 1-45 perks.  At 46+, you can keep leveling indefinitely, and all of the same perks will be available but in much smaller increments that really won't make a difference other than command points.  However, while level progression is pretty straightforward, there are still a wide variety of weapons, modules, ship upgrades, and other customizations to choose from.= There are several factions, and you can choose to either join one or start your own, somewhat similar to Mount and Blade.  You will be forced to start your own in campaign mode, and joining another is more of a bother anyway as you can't pick a wingman to come with you, which makes taking down defended starbases or groups of enemies in hostile areas much harder.  Each captain has their own diplomacy standing with you, but it's very easy to raise and maintain compared to similar mechanics in M&B.  Just repeatedly punching bandits in the face in front of people will get and keep up the standings of everyone you're not at war with.Cons:- Zombies will spawn after either a certain amount of time or a certain action in the main campaign.  While I like the idea overall of a separate faction with separate mechanics to the human factions, the way they are implemented could use work.  Every time they kill another  captain (which is very often, as other captains are stupid), they convert them into a zombie.  You can convert zombies back into humans at a high Rez (one of the main resources) price, but it's usually a waste of money unless as they will just go and get themselves killed again.  Zombies also start with a very high level captain.  Due to this, the zombies will usually easily overpower all the other factions and captains in your own faction within a short amount of time.  However, they are also limited in that they will not cross over empty territories to conquer another one, nor conquer empty territories, so you can effectively ignore them entirely just by making sure your faction is surrounded by white space.  You win the campaign by going to and destroying the original zombie starbase, which is a solo fight, so your comparative empire size and the number of zombie captains make little difference (there is a mechanic wherein you need X amount of your territory + human faction controlled territory to unlock the final fight, but it's easy to reach).  All this together makes the empire management/strategy aspect of the game somewhat irrelevant or easy to circumvent.- Long range weapons/kiting seems to be the only effective option late game.  Short range builds get rekt by large strike fighters/motherships/bases while approaching, and are more likely to be targeted and destroyed before their wingman/ally.- NPC captains/factions have no real dialogue, only a few simple sound bites shared between all of them. They may be added later, though.+Overall still fun and worth its price in crates of oranges."
,Not Recommended,252470,35522093,Posted: 6 October,all,Aviox,"I'm still going to give this game a fair chance and put a few more hours into the campaign, but first impression --If you loved SPAZ, be weary of assuming this is a great sequel.Spaz 2 took all the things I loved from SPAZ and either took them out or changed them so much that the game is no longer resembles the orginal that I fell in love with.- Battles are so automated they aren't as enjoyable.- The feeling of building up from a crappy little ship to a massive one is almost entirely removed.- No more mining, which now that it's gone, I realized I actually enjoyed.- The 2d pixel art style I loved is gone.- Ship customization became more complex but also less interesting. Building ships from parts . . . just looks goofy, and removes the excitement of unlocking new ships.On top of that it feels more like a civ game now than what the first iteration was. The complexity of the added factions doesn't add anything I personally enjoy.If you loved SPAZ, be weary of assuming this is a great sequel. I'll update this review once I play more."
