user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,252490,32548604,Posted: 18 June,all,UnixSan,"So before i begin with this review : Yeah we all know Rust is a laggy piece of sh*t sometimes, so i won`t discuss this here.Pros- Great concept- Stunning graphics- Game mechanics are great- The combat system is good- The crafting system is very good- Weekly updates! Which is one of the most important things for an Early Access game!- Good and serious developers, who listen to the community- Modding is easy, and the community has almost full access to modding- SkinsCons- Not optimised for extreme potato users, but that is not a main problem i.m.o- The community can be cancerous at times, but that is life! Not everyone you meet will be nice or help you!- Server creation is a little complicated, but if you are stubborn enough you will learn how to do it / manage it"
76561198027414971,Recommended,252490,8445609,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,maniken50,"I love this game, I built a house around a guys house and made him my prisoner, I fed him cans of tuna and cooked chicken when it was available, and some times I would drop in spare logs of wood(when they were available). The best part. he talks to me, keeps telling me his clans going to raid my structure and save him.. I simply respond with .” It puts the lotion on its skin, or it gets the hose again” and by hose I mean I dump charcoal on him.-Great game hope the servers come up soon, I think my pet may need to eat.-Maniken"
,Recommended,252490,31984915,Posted: 26 May,all,BOT Mark,"> wake up on beach> wander> meet some guys dressed up in trash holding AK-47s> ""HEY YOU, NAKED""> I come> ""Follow us, you're our prisoner now""> They bring me to a base with a crudely drawn ISIS flag on it> They bring me into their base> ""SING FOR US""> I don't say anything> ""well you're ♥♥♥♥ing useless aren't you""> ""bring him in the thunderdome""> waitwhat> they bring me into a prison with another naked> ""NOW FIGHT!""> me and the naked fight intensely with rocks> I kill him, everyone is screaming ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" in bad middle-eastern accents> they bring me outside for a break> one ISIS member leaves the base, and I run outside while the door is open> being shot at by AK-47's while zigzagging> I escape into the desertthen I left Egypt, bought Rust and the same thing happened in Rust"
,Recommended,252490,32410686,Posted: 14 June,all,Mattini,Found a Shotgun before i found food. I felt like a child in Nigeria10/10
76561197970343422,Recommended,252490,8751701,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Sparrow_Hawk,"Chased a guy with a rock, with a rock, around a rock.Game Rocks."
76561198027399122,Recommended,252490,8735550,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Komrade Kayce,"So I started playing 'Rust' at 4pm yesterday.Within 3 minutes of my first time playing, a bear ate me. Then I watched two other players club each other to death with large stones, while completely naked,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(penii?) dangling in the wind. Having managed to slay a small pig, I fashioned some clothes to cover my genitals, then went exploring.Ate some uncooked meat and threw up all over the place. Made a small fire to cook the rest of my meat. Fashioned a bow and arrow out of some wood I collected, also a shirt and a pair of boots. Went about fashioning a small shelter out of some random crap laying around so I wouldn't have to sleep outdoors. I could have chosen from one of the many, many, ramshackle structures dotting the landscape. But those may or may not belong to/contain other players. Who may or may not be armed or clothed. I just wanted to peacefully live alone, so I stuck to the wilderness.I slipped off a cliff and broke both my legs. I shouted out to anyone who would listen, asking what to do to fix my broken legs, I didn't understand the game and I needed help. A naked man came over, typed '??? i help' in response to my pleas, then bashed my head in with a rock and presumably looted my corpse.Then I starved to death when I forgot to eat. Out of desperation I butchered a wolf that attacked me instead of running away, but didnt have time to cook so I ate raw meat again. Nope. Instead of just starving to death, I vomited, then starved to death.Its now 7:25 am and many adventures later, I've decided to sleep in a small shack I made myself in the mountains. Don't dare risk making a fire, someone might see it at night and kill me for the tin of baked beans I got off a zombie I found wandering around a town that gave me radiation poisoning. Oh yeah, I'll probably die slowly because of the radiation, but thats a problem for later-me.In a tiny hut on a mountain with my sleeping bag and meager belongings after 12 hours of playing straight, I can probably safely say I'm enjoying this game."
,Recommended,252490,32119576,Posted: 1 June,all,☭ The Soviet Ninja! ☭,1. Watch some YouTube videos.2. Get hyped up.3. Think it looks easy and you can manage.4. Try it for your self.5. Fail horribly.6. Spit salt everywhere.7. Rage quit.8. Wait a moment to cool down9. Repeat :D
,Recommended,252490,8324694,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ObeyTheLawson,"Killed a deer got chicken meat out of it, BEST GAME EVER. 20/10"
76561198061748548,Not Recommended,252490,24566985,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Tobogan,"***EDIT:7/30/2016***Needed to add a edit in here because there have been some developments you guys should know about. The Facepunch team have given developer powers too popular youtubers. the youtuber in this case is Rhinocrunch. He can go on any server official or modded and do whatever he pleases. Ban people, noclip through walls etc. When this was discovered many reddit posts were made exposing it, but then Helk (dev) made a post saying anyone talking about it would be REMOVED from reddit WTF! How many other people have dev powers? The Devs finally admitted to this on Reddit. Sad day for Rust indeed, also Garry has officially stepped down and Helk is in charge now, but he cant take the heat, as in recent post. If you have any doubts about this info, just google or search reddit, it's all there unfortunately.......After a long rough 3 years with Rust i can no longer recommend nor play this game. When this game first released in 2013 it was the pinnacle of gaming, never before were there game mechanics to kill a person while he was offline and steal all his♥♥♥♥♥♥(raid). It was a rush i had never experienced and kept coming back for moreEven tho the graphics were subpar, but no one cared, why? Because the gameplay was amazing. Crafting PVP, raiding, surving were all a blast.....until they decided to rebuild the game from scratch on a new graphics engine (Unity)At first it was very welcomed, we got better graphics, new content, new guns, raiding tools, all was great. In May-July of 2015 was the peak of this game. It was the most fun i have ever had gaming (30+ years)So what happened you ask??The Devs started to ignore the community and do what they feel is ""improving the game"". which led to bugs galore, no more optimization, nerfing of every aspect, guns, raiding, etc. The A.I. (animals) have been broken for YEARS. Bears will clip through your base and kill you instantly. Same with going through rocks, the ground, you could be out farming up materials for an hour, and out of nowhere, a bear clips through the ground and kills you......People complain and whine a lot but also people suggest wonderful ideas on reddit which are either ignored or the Devs themselves literally ridicule and make fun of people.But the final nail in the coffin was the ""New XP"" update which totally ruined the game. Before this update you could get on rust and within a few hours have a decent base, some guns, and you are preparing to raid. Now with this ""New"" update, you will have to literally play 60+ hours before you experience any fun. Everything is locked behind xp now, so you literally have to grind XP like a asian MMO.Half of the player count has left rust, it is not in the top 10 steam games anymore and this is the REASON why. When people give great ideas about how to balance this, they are ridiculed and made fun of by the devs themselves.Garry (Owner/Creator of Rust) has made his money, he does not care about this game anymore. They have sold 4 million+ copies of Rust and they (Facepunch) are already working on other games. This is becoming a common practice in Early Access. Get people hyped for basically a hypothetical game, make about 10-20% of said game, get paid millions, then abandon it and move on to the next cash cow. Dont belive me? Google any of these games StarForge, Warz, Dayz, H1Z1, The Dead Linger, Towns,The Stomping Lands. Less than 25% of games make it out of Early Access.TL;DR   Save your money, this game was once great but the Devs themselves have killed this game and dont care about it anymore, they do not listen to their fanbase/community,half the player base have left and more everyday quit rust. The devs are paid, dont give them any more money, save it for a REAL game that is already published. You have been warned.Update EDIT 8/22/16   It seems the Devs are constantly working/spending time/resources on things no one cares about. So many cool concepts: Hidden bases, vehicles, setting players on fire, the new rad boar we never got, Robot sentrys, i could go on and on....There is actually a reddit post that was made today about all the concept, animations etc that are basically finished but not in game. The list is staggering but you know whats worse? A Dev replied, no words, just a picture of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥made from rocks shooting water......These guys (Devs) are obviously children, and take nothing seriously. If you don't believe me go to rust reddit and check yourself. Sad days.Look at this reddit post, it will make you a sad pandahttps://www.reddit.com/r/playrust/comments/4yw1no/why_are_so_many_things_made_but_never_implemented/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRLgPIiwBho"
76561198011717223,Not Recommended,252490,23471880,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DongasourusRex,"The issue I have with the game, is by far, its community.PROS:-Intense survival experience, you are a mortal in a dangerous world- Initially cold, hunger and thirst are real threats.- The graphics can be very pretty, if you can run them.- Sounds are nice, gun shots ring out and pierce the still air.- Building is interesting and fun.- exploration is interesting and the blueprint system is pretty fun.CONS:- The community tends to be absolute garbage *Expanded at the bottom*- Servers tend to be immediatly taken over by massive constuctions, and sometimes clans immediatly dominate.- Resources become scarce pretty damn quickly- Animals run up sheer cliffs and can be quite glitchy- No costomizability *this is very minor*- KOS; COD style.-Optimization, my decent rig constantly overheats if I don't put my fans into hyperdrive; manually.NOW TO EXPLAIN: The community is simply cancer. If you are neaked and a geared trooper sees you, you can almost bet that he is going to shoot you for no reason. The excuse is; this is PVP, and that you ar a potential danger, or even ""Just like in real life""Well here is the issue, KOS is not very real life, BUT the game is silent, it is dead when you move around. The only thing to break the silence is gunshots, some screeming from what is usually a poor helpless naked that has just barely managed to get his 2.5k wood to start his shack. Even when he makes his shack, instead of negotiating forming an alliance, this player is eliminated, his base raided for little to no resources and as such he has to start all over and the raider gets the thrill of raiding an offline 2 by 2 shack. This is all due to a KOS mentality that is so far from survival mentality that it is in reality COD mentality. The game runs like this:1) Spawn, get materials build a small base2) get blueprints and start gettign ready to wreck some♥♥♥♥♥♥3) establish dominance in your area4) Once dominance is established with your little posse build a massive unraidable castle5) dominate the area and consume all resources, killing anyone you see for the fun of it, because you are now bored.6) Make four excuses : ""Git Gud"" , ""Become like us"" , ""Everyone is a threat, therefore I can KOS because I feel like it"" , ""Man salty nakeds""I once managed to get a small group going, immediatly a small but well armed clan emerged from their base and began hunting nakeds, just because. We had just managed to make a bow for one of us, when they emerged from the trees and just sprayed into us, killing all 5, and screaming through their mics that we suck and to ""git Gud"". This behaviour has slowly but surely been spreading throughout the entire community because it is the best way to play. Kill everyone, steal their resources, build yourself. It's also pointless. It makes the game a ghost town. Not but one year ago the servers were full of new players. Now the servers I usually play on barely peak over 1/2 the population, most of those being either clans or KOS' ers.It is sad to see such a great game go to waste because of the community, the only break from this is RP servers and PVE servers. RP servers maintain that PVP aspect, but give it a nice twist where KOS is rerely an option as each side has quite a lot to loose and tensions get higher than ever, whereas with KOS its usually just a naked dropping dead every so often. Sometimes clans will clash and then everything looks great. But those occurences are rare.The community needs to change if the game is going to ever survive, and in fact, thrive. I would suggest implementing a system like unturned has. You cannot hide weapons in your quickbar, either you have a tool to quick draw or a weapon, and then everyone can see how well armed you are, as well as add some strategic depth to the game. Also make nature more intense, make the PVE aspect even more challanging, its apparently post nuclear time, some strange♥♥♥♥♥♥ought to be walking around. It would add a nice threat to well geared players and well give nakeds a nicer start as they are suddenly not the primary target for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. There also needs to be benefits to living a peaceful life, and benefits to living a violent one, and each needs its downsides. Right now violence is the only solution, pitifully so. Your chances of going out and finding a place to survive peacefully is nigh impossible. Especially when these massive bases make their rise. The only person rading such a base is another person with a similar base, and even then they will probably fail, and require a clan.The game needs to change, and minor changes are needed. But as it stands I would not recommend the game. An amazing idea ruined by a terribly toxic community. Maybe ill come back to it next year. But for now, ill try and develope my own game, and see if I can fix these issues myself. -->DISCLAIMER: This review is old, and as such does not reflect the game in its current state. I have been notified that apparently substantial changes have been made to the game. These changes might have fixed a lot of the issues that were inherent ot Rust, especially community based ones. But I myself am unable to confirm this as University and studies are taking up more and more of my time and as such i am unable to actually recheck any of my above statements."
,Recommended,252490,12885008,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Song,"I woke up in the grass, my head hurting and my body cold. I was naked.I ran around, looking for a fellow survivor. After an hour, I saw him. I yelled at him as loud as I could, and he turned around.We greeted each other, and agreed to work together.After a few days, we'd built a house, and had enough supplies to last a week. We had weapons, food and water. Life was good.One day, on our daily raid, we spotted someone. He was naked, and ran towards us. He greeted us, we greeted him back, and he and I started a conversation. Suddenly, my friend pulls me back and whispers to me. He said we should kill him. Survival of the fittest.I looked back at the innocent man and gave him my pickaxe and told him to leave. My friend sighed, and gave him some clothes. He thanked us, and left.The next day, he appears again, to say thanks, and that he has a gang as well, so that we could join him. We kindly refused. He sounded a bit agitated, but he said no problem, and left.Later that night, I hear footsteps outside our house. My friend was fast asleep, so I grabbed my homemade shotgun and looked outside.It was the man. The man who we gave a pickaxe to. He was inspecting our house with someone else, but quickly left after he saw a bear running towards him.The next morning, I woke up my friend and told him what happened. He told me I shouldn't have trusted him, and that war is coming.I was raiding an old town, when suddenly on top of a hill in the distance, I saw him. Although this time, he had his gang. There were a lot of them. About 10-20. My friend noticed this as well, and told me to get inside. We got inside, and it was quiet for about an hour. My friend and I go outside, and see them waiting.They said that they were friendly, but we didn't trust them. My friend and I got out our shotguns and told them to leave. They didn't listen.Then the war began.They got out guns and shot at us, firing at all directions. My friend got hit, and yelled at me to get inside and lock the door. My friend barely got inside, but when he did, it was already to late- they were inside.Luckily, we had a panic room for this kind of situation. It had an iron door, which could only be broken down by C4. We rushed down there as the scavengers began to search our house.After a few minutes, they'd discovered we were in the panic room, so they began swinging at it with the pickaxe I gave them. It didn't work. When suddenly, I heard a boom. They had C4.My friend and I discussed what we should do. We agreed that when we get taken hostage, we run like hell.They eventually got in, took all of our gear, and we were naked again. They were about to execute us when suddenly, my friend got up and began to run. He ran as fast as the wind would take him. They missed every shot they took at him, so I decided I had nothing to lose, so I ran as well.It was pitch black outside. I felt around and felt a bush, so I hid in there. In the distance, I could see torches everywhere. My friend saved my life, but the enemy was searching for him. There was nothing I could do, so I ran off, and began my new life.To this day, I don't know what my friend is doing. Dead or alive, he's a hero. The enemy army got raided by an even stronger group, and me?I'm surviving.Stories like this make Rust such a good game. It truly is an experience. I highly recommend this game. Although the glitches are a bit annoying, you get used to it.9/10"
,Recommended,252490,13205399,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ongo Gablogian,"I am running.I am hungry.I am dying.All i have is my trusty rock, ""Dwayne Johnson"". We've gone through everything together.From hitting and killing a man in black spandex who was looting another spandexer.To beating a bear to death.But now none of that matters.I can hear a faint music playing...It is the American national anthem.""AMERICA ♥♥♥♥ YEAH, COMING AGAIN TO SAVE THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥IN' DAY YEAH"".They have found me.The spandex man and his allies have found me.I can no longer run, i am too tired.They surround me.""Any last words, ♥♥♥♥♥♥?"" they ask me.""This is it, Dwayne"" i mutter to Dwayne Johnson.The one that i killed walks up to me.He grabs a revolver from his♥♥♥♥♥♥I kneel on the ground waiting for my doom.""♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS IS WHAT YOU GET FOR MESSING WITH THE MEAT BANDITS"" The 9 year old screams.He has to shoot me twice in the head to kill me.Rust In Pepperoni, Dwayne.10/10"
,Recommended,252490,29625347,Posted: 1 February,all,SilverMoon,"I've had Rust for a week at the time of writing this review / guide. I have 50hrs at this point.What follows is a review of the various stages of your rust play-through, from wipe to wipe.In the beginning:- You are given a randomly generated character, and spawn naked and afraid.I am a black male, finally I can use BBC in my online rust dating profile.*If you can't handle this point, do not pass begin, do not collect 200 wood, GTFO.- You have a rock and a torch, they are used to bash trees, animals, rocks and hordes of preteen nakeds that chase, and kill you for no reason. Be careful! Trust no squeakers! And if you come across someone who doesn't kill you right away...BE CAREFUL! They are cunning and probably have a deeper, more mature psychopathic nature.- Once you gather enough wood for spears, stuck a few naked preteens to death, and move your way up the food chain, you'll need a place to stash your goodies. Location is very important, you will need access to basic resources like fresh water, stone and wood, but also isolated enough to not attract the older, more geared players that will level your base and put you in the middle of their circle jerk while chanting ""whats good ma dude"" to completion before killing you...Then picking you up saying ""sorry brah, my bad, sorry man, want to join us?"" IT'S A TRAP! They will kill you after 5 seconds whether you respond or not.- Now after getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed into the dirt a couple of times, or in my case, an impressive BBC (A couple times being an understatement) you will establish a little 2 x 2 house that's quite isolated, some food in the chest, a nice pickaxe, hatchet and a roaring furnace. You might even be so lucky as to have a friendly neighbor. Well done, you have made it further than you would have for about 10 hrs of your initial gameplay. Don't let this discourage you from getting the game though! Or do, you salty noob.The Middle:- Now that you've ticked off two to three of Maslow's tiers it's time to have some fun.- You will need to grow your arsenal and this can be done in a few ways depending on your skill set:a) Do you like exploring and avoiding danger? Night time rad town runs might be for you!b) Do you like adrenaline rushes and close calls with death? Killing geared players on their rad town runs might be for you!c) Do you enjoy asserting your dominance over others, puffing up your own ego over those that clearly are helpless against it? Raiding the nakeds might be for you! *use of the ""What's good ma dude?"" slogan is optional.d) Are you a PVP god and enjoy using the terms ""Get Rekt"" and ""360 no scope""? Raiding other big boy clans might be for you! *A YouTube channel to upload tutorials on how to 1 v 5 is optional.- Expect to get raided! No matter how isolated you are, how strong you think you are or how many slaves you've forced into hard labor on your hemp farm, there will come a time when you get raided. If you are lucky, your base could hold them off for long enough while you and your human shield of slaves fight them off, with all your cleverly placed traps, your double stacked foundations and your triple stacked walls. In most cases, however, you will get a rather efficient, high pressured♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that will usually take place when you are out shopping IRL.- The aftermath of a raid: Once you come back to an empty house, you will go through the five stages of loss. Namely denial, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. The only part we will discuss is acceptance, provided you didn't destroy your PC in stage 2. There are really only 4 options after a raid, and that again is dependent on your skill set:Type a) players: Pick up your sleeping bag, if you still have it, and jog on.Type b) players: Learn the weak spots of your base, rebuild, and hope your online next time they come so that you can defend yourself.Type c) players: Find a naked, take over their base and relocate. It is very important that you wait for the poor naked to come back to the base and beg for some of their gear back, make sure you only reply with ""Why so salty"" before giving some gear back, and then proceeding to kill them.Type d) players: This is what stirs your coffee! Call your boi's and start recording! It's time to make a counter raid video!-The end:Regardless of the server you choose, one thing is certain. All maps will eventually wipe. All your hard work, all the times you've laughed, you've cried, it all gets wiped like the blackboard of your maths class. What was it all for? What did you learn? Was it worth it? Will I ever use that knowledge in the future?In short. No.There is only a brief moment in time when you will be on top, or at the bottom, depending on your preference.One thing is for certain though, whatever you choose, it feels GOOOOOOOOD.I can best sum it up as a heroin rush, followed by addiction and hatred for yourself and your life choices.If you're gonna buy Rust because of this review, and you didn't type TLDR, then welcome!"
,Recommended,252490,8066556,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Krizzeus,"Such gathering, much dongers so naked 10/10 good game.You spawn completly naked and only have a stone, torches, med kit. Sometimes you meet other players that tell you in voice chat that you got a nice♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and then they shoot you in the face."
,Recommended,252490,8039617,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,MarcoDeGammo,"A naked man chased after me with a rock over his head begging me to stop running. When i finally ran to the edge of a cliff and turned around. He said, ""Alright...OK.."" then bashed my face in with said rock.Another naked man asked ""Are you an Expert Rock Fighter?"" i shook my head no and i took my rock and bashed his face in.This is what i have learned from playing this game. TRUST NO ONE and always strike first. May my male genitalia dangling over your corpse stand as a warning never to cross me and my rock again. Only the strong survive."
,Recommended,252490,26341719,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,VENǾM,Really good game but a very toxic community.
76561198022890486,Recommended,252490,10011763,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MizuDamen,"Found a man sleeping peacefully in a field. I watched him as he dreamt wondering what thoughts were dancing through his head. Was he flying through the night sky amongst the stars? Or was he in agony over whatever decisions he had made up until this point, tortured in his mind by images of wild animals dying in terror? I think to myself perhaps he is just waiting for the sweet release from this mortal coil. With my trusty rock I enhance his sleep into one eternal. Rest in peace stranger.Oh sweet he had some food.A year later I have become food. Enjoy the Soylent Green. I hope you choke on it."
76561198080487147,Recommended,252490,22501355,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Trollslegur,"Found someone's house and knocked on the door with no weapons drawn as I only had a rock, torch, and a spear.The occupant opens the door and listens to me ask for food in exchange for wood.He murders me with a sword.I swear revenge.I begin preparations.I searched barrels, boxes, crates, anything that could give me the tools I needed to avenge myself.And it came to me.A gracious barrel with a curious object.A flamethrower.I found just enough materials to repeair it and fuel it.I made a few spears and found a grenade.I found his house (again).I waited until dawn to see if he would leave to forage the nearby ruins of an airfield.He left.With the door open.The first mistake.I began burning the wooden foundations with my fury and watched as it burned.I entered the house after the first flames died down.Bedrolls and beds in the open (respawn points).I destroy them with my own sword.I set the house aflame from within and watch.It is the most beautiful sight my eyes will ever behold.The owner returns.The house is in shambles.He fires a shell from his pipe shotgun.He fails to kill me.I throw my spear straight into his face.He goes down.""How does it feel to have your house burned down by the hands that you wronged?""I strike the final blow.13/10, would burn someone's house down in revengence again."
,Not Recommended,252490,23509732,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Неко товарищ,"456 Hours of Rust at this time. Here comes my review on the game in it's current state: Rust is an amazing game, one of, if not the best survival games on Steam right now. But the thing that drives everyone, literally ♥♥♥♥ing everyone away from it, is it's community. The community in Rust is quite possible the most toxic and unfair group of people you will ever lay your eyes upon and you might truly think they all deserve to die, they might. On modded servers where you don't have to farm for an hour before you're able to even think of getting a base, still, it's nigh impossible to play without a group of 4 people or more because you will be demolished by every squeaker who gets a waterpipe regardless of skill.Now on vanilla servers....where the gather rate is NORMAL....there comes to issue of a broken keyboard/monitor etc. you will be out alone for a VERY long time and the second you run into one person with better things than you, you have to start over ALL. OVER. AGAIN. It's very repetitive unless you have a group of your closest friends to play with you so you don't get destroyed. On the decent side, again, Rust is a very amazing game without the community, with great building systems, radtowns to find loot, and an amazing world to explore. But once more, stay away from this game until the community grows up and finally finishes 3rd grade, or you have a group of friends to enjoy the game with you."
76561198097954729,Recommended,252490,17451033,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MaxAttack64,">Playing Rust by myself>50ft from my base>harvesting metal ore, minding my own business>lifeisgood.rar>suddenly, BANG!>I am kill>respawn in base, peek out window>3 hazmat-suit wearing players approach my base>two carry Thompsons, while one carries a bolt-action rifle>they had killed me with the rifle outside my base>they are moving in to raid my base>my body is lost>meh, only had some random♥♥♥♥♥♥I got while harvesting>I realize they are about to blow into base with C4>prepareforbattle.exe>grab only weapon I can find in my base at the time>its called an eoka pistol>a real Weapon of Mass Destruction>Its a metal tube with a handle, loaded with a shotgun shell>to fire, you smash a rock against the thing until BANG.mp3>anyway, back to story>my base is designed with a circular ring surrounding the center room where my loot is stored>to get to my loot room, they must blast through two separate walls>I enter the loot room and shut the door>hear a series of blasts as they break into the ring surrounding the loot room>I hear the first wall come down and then footsteps>they are inside the ring>all part of my plan>timeforcounterattack.bat>I quietly slip out of the loot room and into the outer ring>I'm on the opposite side of the base as them>Move towards them, crouching so no noise>Hear a blast along the way, they have planted 1/3 C4 required to take down 2nd wall>the time has come>I creep around the corner, eoka pistol in hand>there they are>they are focused on the wall, away from me>they are about to detonate 2nd C4>I come up behind one of them>smack eoka pistol with a rock>makes a noise, but he doesn't have time to react>he turns and looks at me, realizing in horror what is happening>1/2 second later, I hit pistol for the 3rd time>huge bang, he is dead>other two mow me down with Thompsons>I respawn in center room, decide next course of action>Look in one of my chests I neglected to check while searching for weapons>there it is>my glorious AK47>grab it and some bullets, and charge outside>one of them is still in my base, I easily dispatch him>I took a thompson round, but still alive>2nd one is outside, waiting for his slain comrade to teleport to him>mow him down, and I repair my walls>loot bodies, find 5 C4>jackpot>I realize that they are likely to come back at this point, with butthurt levels over 9000>I have to take out the problem at it's source>grab anti-radiation shirt off one>did i mention that while i was mowing them down, I was still completely naked>I go out for their base, as it's nearby>I silently approach the wall, C4 ready>hear them bustling around inside getting ready to attack me again>they are jabbering at each other in russian>quickly plant 3 C4 on one wall, then back away>KABLAM.rekt>through the smoke, i charge into the base>naked from the waist down, dong swaying in the breeze>wielding my AK>i mow one down before they even know what is happening>the second manages to shoot me in the leg with a revolver once before he dies>the third hits me with a shotgun slug at nearly point-blank range>am nearly kill>my AK begins to pop>he is slain>I quickly heal, grab as much♥♥♥♥♥♥out of their chests before they can respawn>I get 7-8 guns>one metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of ammo>3 more C4>high-quality metal, which I can use on more guns and to upgrade my base>grabbed anything of value I saw in a 20-seccond search>decide to get the hell out of dodge>I run away from their base as rifle shots zoom past me>lost them in a forest>i enter my base a rich man>look down>still don't have any pantsSummary: I fend off a group of russians from my base with an AK47, then break into their base and steal all their♥♥♥♥♥♥while naked from the waist down."
76561198072606069,Not Recommended,252490,10245554,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gary demonic,"So I know what you're thinking. Another negative game review for a game that is getting great press. How could this person be so ignorant of the majesty that is RUST? However, there is a specific reason I'm giving this game thumbs down. It will not go anywhere, it will take your 20 bucks unless you get it on sale, and say thank you for your money, and it will leave you feeling in some way molested after the experience of playing it for a few days.Let me first start off by saying the game is fairly well put together as far as it’s landscape. The game map has very few clipping issues, or pit falls that will leave you stuck, and unable to retrieve your gear if you can get back to your gear before it disappears. The higher end guns and ammunitions work fairly well together, and the graphics are pretty good up to this point in the games development, so I can’t give it bad marks in these regards.With that said I must commence with the game breaking negatives this game has to offer. After a few romps around different servers it has become clear that the game engine of this game is so full of security holes it could be used as a cheese grater. What could have been an awesome game has been reduced down to a slew of game cracking trolls that spend their time finding exploits to the game that allow them to fly, summon in anything they want, and know exactly were you are on the map at all times so that they can kill you and laugh. After reading up on the web about this wonderful game breaking experience, I was sad to see that the game engine used for the game is the cause of this slew of security problems. In short, the game designers would have to completely port this game over to another game engine just to fix the issue of hackers galore. Meaning they would have to start from scratch.This game is in Alpha stage, and I understand that the company still can say that it’s in Alpha stage and it will still have problems. The issue is the game will stay in Alpha stage. The majority of people that want/wanted to play this game have come and gone, the player base has been destroyed. For a game that is to be a multi player game it will not have the multi player community after it’s all said and done.Please, I beg of anyone thinking about playing this game to just say no. If you want to end up either dropping the game after a few days of play, or turning into a Troll, please stay clear of RUST.In truth please stay clear of any game that says ALPHA in its description. At least with a BETA game you can say it’s past the majority of its development issues. I don’t care what age, race, or gender you are. It’s your responsibility as the player to put a stop to game companies wanting to get the juice out of a lemon before it’s ripe. And in the case of RUST I will chalk this game up as a learning experience.Edited 7/3/2014OK, so I have to give the makers of this game major Brownie Points. they're actualy going to restart the game over on another game engine. Seriously this takes big man tenders to actualy accept the fact your product isn't going to work, and put forth the effort to fix it. Hats off to you guys working on this game, but still until the new release commes out, and it proves to be a lot more stable I'm going to keep this review up on your site. maybe some day I'll switch it over to a recommended."
,Recommended,252490,8215728,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kilroy,Society Simulator 2013
,Recommended,252490,16346542,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GLOCKY,"Rust is a very fun and enjoyable game ONLY IF:-You have a group of friends to play with and if you want to be strong it has to be more than 3 players in a group.-You have to play in certain servers. Rust used to be filled with cheaters and I am pretty sure there still are some. If you dont play in a server with active admins or any higher authority, it can be very frustrating.-You have to be ready to devote your time into this game. If you have school the next day or work, don't play. You need about 3-4 hours to start yourself up. Finding food, getting clothes, finding supplies, and etc. Getting wood is a lot of work and finding a place to camp is also very hard. Your playing needs to be very consistent.This game also has a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Say hello get shot. Give food get shot. Have nothing but a rock get shot. Breathe get shot.I think the only way Rust can sky rocket themselves into a successful era is if the creators are active and they put up more offical servers and roleplaying servers.(This review was written by a 17 year old boy who used to ditch school to play this game. So yes I do recommend)"
,Recommended,252490,32954462,Posted: 28 June,all,Jemo,"I was looking for the game of my life and I can easily say that I finally found it. I have been playing Video Games since PAC-MAN hit the game rooms, so when I say this game is unique and different from all the games that I have played before, please don't think that I exaggerate. I got frustrated or raged in games before but I have never had a big adrenalin rush before or had a cocktail of many different feelings in a game before. The first week of Rust burned into my memory, remembering running scared and losing myself in the game, it was too much. It was a Love & Hate, for which I kept coming back. You can become a hero or rich in a second and lose it all in another second and you can become the villain you despised so much. You will meet horrible people and great ones. With Rust, my game expectations changed so much that I can't play single-player games for very long now. I used to be lone gamer, but this game made me buy headphones with a microphone, my friend list went from 0 to 30. I started following YouTubers. I learned new words. I am not that salty anymore against toxic players, PvP became a norm, PvE became fun, going deep became a goal… It even had effect on my life that possession became more irrelevant - that this game showed me everything is fleeting over and over again. There is love, anger, betrayal, revenge, and all kind of roleplay… and I have grown in it."
,Recommended,252490,34381551,Posted: 20 August,all,MrPotatoAim,nice game bad community
,Not Recommended,252490,16788591,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,AudieMurphy,"I've played this title off and on since legacy, and watched it change a lot as I've racked up the hours. An apt summary of this title would be that it resembles an (M) rated minecraft with guns and very heavy teamplay and PvP requirements.  These are coupled with gathering/building elements, with a dash of survival tossed in.  The build tools are functional and fairly robust.  The gunplay is solid.So, why can't I reccommend it?Well, there are still issues.  Lots of them.  Hackers are everywhere, and if you play on the official servers you'll encounter this almost right off the bat.  Headshots thru brush in the dead of night, people flying around, noclipping thru walls, it's really bad.  Private servers are better but still not immune.Another issue is the grind.  Holy mother of grind.  I hope you like hitting rocks, son.  And trees.  For hours and hours and hours and hours and hours on end.  Seriously, 9/10 of my played time was spent hitting objects with a hatchet, pickaxe, or hammer.  And then, once you assembled the materials together, you queue up a batch of gunpowder and then alt+tab and go watch youtube for an hour.  Then you come back, see what you have, and start making stuff with the gunpowder.  Alt+tab again.It takes over an hour of queue time to make a single C4, on top of the assembled materials and smelting.  That alone will turn many people off.On top of the time investment required to make high-tiered goods, there is also the matter of protecting it.  Which is where the main reason I can't reccommend this title comes into play.Rust is a social experiment.  Anything you craft in-game can, and probably will be raided and stolen, no matter the defenses.  People will add you to their friends list for the sole purpose of knowing if you're offline or not in-game, so as to determine the perfect time to steal all your items.  Rust is a soul-crushing digital manifestation of what happens when the world breaks down and guns and explosives are the only form of barter or negotiation.It is a beautiful game.  The sunrises and sunsets are majestic.What it does to people. however, is the exact opposite.  Rust is a more brutal, unforgiving, and relentless online arena than EvE Online - as even in EvE. you could park your assets in a neutral station and wait for the storm to pass.  Here, the storm is everywhere... right outside your door, crawling on your ceiling, while you're asleep in your bed.  Waking up to find your assets intact in Rust can be considered a major accompishment, and usually only practical for those in large clans which cross multiple time zones.Ultimately. the game is fun, but the community makes it very difficult to enjoy for individual or small group gamers.  The mechanics are stacked so heavily towards larger groups and resource pools that banding up is a necessity.  Trust then becomes an issue.  Political conniving and intrigue and backstabbing ensues.  Hilarity sure to follow.I would echo other players' sentiment in that this title holds one of that most atrocious, obnoxious communities in gaming that I have ever experienced first-hand, rivalling LoL and DoTA2.  This is not a problem isolated to one server or group; it is pandemic across the entire community and as of date of this writing, it still exists in spades.The core progression curve and experience is, on paper, rewarding.  It's a shame that the actual gameplay 90% of the time is 3 guys with guns chasing you down for your rock, ad-infinitum.Occassionally, as a solo player, you'll find a decent lowpop server which enables progression.  And the server admins will wipe your progress randomly midweek because they don't GAF about lowpop servers.In all honesty, in spite of the many hours of immersion in this title, I think that nothing short of the mark of Cain could adequately rate this product, and of all the gaming experiences I've had in my life, this has been among the most frustrating and painful... on every level.  From random wipes, to hackers, to admin abuse, to 90 % of the community being total and utter mouthbreathing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags, any and all of which will destroy days or weeks of progress.  I wouldn't wish my time spent on this product upon my worst enemy, and I mean that.Based on what I've seen on rustafied, twitter, and devbuilds, the dev team seems totally disconnected from the gameplay experience, and their focus is not being spent in areas that positively affect gameplay.  I do not have faith that it has a long-term plan that will result in a well-received title by most gamers.  People have been asking for some type of legiimate PvE activity since legacy.  What they got was an attack helicopter that flies around the map murdering freshspawns as they try to farm blueprints without a weapon that could even hit the chopper.  Oh, and did I mention that the helicopter drops unique components for building automated turrets that you can only acquire in this manner?  What this translates to is that new and solo players now have an even larger curve to overcome, and the large clans that run every server now also have automated gun turrets all over their bases.  Balance.It should also be noted here that this latest release still contains known bugs, some of which can cause your system and internet to hang or BsoD, leading to hardware damage and data corruption over time.If you are going to purchase this title, make sure you have a large group with a high threshold for self-inflicted injuries and a LOT of time on their hands, and a recent system restore.For me, this game exposed a darker part of the human psyche that I haven't seen for a long time, and hoped to never see again until the wheels fall off.  It's a beautiful game, hauntingly so.  But the amount of time investment to get anywhere is preclusive for most.  And for those who invest the time to dig deep into the game, they might not like what they find in their fellow gamers within this arena.This is one of the few PC games where I can justly declare that there are no winners.  The only way to win at Rust is not to play at all.How about a nice game of Chess?"
,Not Recommended,252490,8486290,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Stormrhodos,"Rust definitely has potential to be a good survival game,and in some aspects it already is. However, most of these good parts are countered by gamebreaking flaws in game design or massive issues caused by the community.I cannot recommend it at this stage because of the glaring problems that lie in the core structure and the Developers mentality. Even ""it's an alpha"" can't excuse some of the awful design decisions made by the developers,especially when it comes to core aspects of the game like Server administration and Balancing.This review is mostly focused on the negatives because there's plenty of rose-tinted reviews upvoted on the store page anyways if you're just looking for something to convince you to buy it, so here's the most gamebreaking problems in it's current stage:- The big One: Server administration! The developers decided to give all the power to the people who are willing to pay for hosting Servers. Server administrators have a cheat console. In a game based on survival. Yep. They have Godmode(!!!) on command, can teleport any- and everyone where they please, spawn in items for themselves or others, change server Rules on the fly without anyone ingame noticing,wipe the entire server and reset everyone's progress to zero, ban/kick anyone they wish without having to give reasons...the list goes on and will probably expand if the developers decide to keep this ""feature"". Some people think this is a good thing.  The notion of admins flying around in godmode without taking damage from anything,spawning in explosives to destroy bases and kicking people just because they killed one of the admins or something ridiculous seems entirely fine to some people because they think of the game like Garrys Mod. And those are the same people whose recommendations based on an hour of gameplay you see upvoted on the Store Page.And if you think ""surely admins won't abuse that power and it can be used for good only because admins are good people"", you couldn't be more wrong. Giving admins a cheat console is ASKING for abuse. And don't get me wrong, there neeeds to be administration,someone to kick hackers and griefers (which there are plenty of,see below) but you cannot give anyone who decides to pay for server hosting a cheat console and expect them to only use it for those things.Dedicated servers hosted by the game are scarce and fully populated and don't have proper administration, so griefers can flourish for days without ever getting banned.And the solution is so simple: DON'T give admins a cheat console. Give them the tools to get rid of hackers and griefers, and give those tools to the community too. Votekick! An option to report players. An option to atleast SEE which admins are currently on,and what the names of server admins are, and an option to report those admins if they are abusing their power,which happens all the time on many servers. All of this is currently missing, and it can easily break your experience of the game.-Server-bound progression: Everything you do in the game is bound to one server only,the server you are currently on.Now this sounds like it would be good at first,and yes,it is necessary to keep the balance and avoid serverhopping. But couple this with the cheat console admins and think about it. You might play for hours building up a base and then discover that all of it gets blown up by an admin with godmode on who decides to spawn in explosives and destroy all your stuff because he feels like it. Anything you do ingame is in the hands of the admins of the server you play on,and that is a huge issue which many people don't seem to realize until they experienced it themselves.This would not be an issue if admins wouldn't have as much power as they currently have (and if hackers wouldn't exist) or if there were dedicated,modded servers with websites,active admins and features like votekicking or an actual working Banning/kicking software other than Steams VAC-banning which often takes several months to be processed and even then only bans the current account, not the IP. I don't doubt that those servers will start to form once the community has access to or developed new tools, but right now every server you join is a gamble, you might play for hours and get all of it destroyed by a power-abusing admin or hacker.-The big issues caused by the community: Killing on Sight (KoS), Griefing, Hacking,abusing admin Powers, regular DDoS-attacks, Killing freshspawns, camping spawnpoints, VoiP without mute feature (enjoy your 12year olds squeaking or teens trying to be bandits), the list goes on.: This obviously depends on your personality and if you care or don't care,but even if you don't care you WILL see it,and quite often,and won't be able to ignore it. Rust has no age restrictions, is quite cheap, has similarities to Minecraft and DayZ,and is hyped just as much because...well,it's a survival game and we all want a good one. So enjoy your hordes of wannabe bandits, squeaking pewdiepie fans and teenage godmode admins wrecking your base because you didn't comply with their wannabe bandit demands. Hacking is common, abusing admin powers is essentially the same and happening all the time. Killing on Sight seems to be standard because that's the trend that DayZs banditry hype sadly set. Camping spawwnpoints and shooting fresh spawns happens all the time because some kids just need to stroke their epeen on a daily basis by shooting unarmed freshspawns or people with far inferiour gear.- Balancing: People who have played on a server for quite some time will have all the best gear you can get. Kevlar-clad players with Holo-scope silenced M4s with laser sight and flashlight who are able to instantly heal themself up with large medkits at the press of a button are the sort of thing you'll inevitably face,naked or in cloth armor that barely protects you,with your rock or hatchet or maybe even 9mm Pistol if you managed to set up a shack before you got oneshot randomly for no apparent reason. The combat system is barebones, most weapons oneshot or kill a fresh spawn in about 2 seconds flat while kevlar armor seems to absorb Pistol bullets like a spongue, not to mention how much easier it is to hit someone with holo sights and laser designation. The blueprinting system seems fun at first and adds a layer of progression into the game but once you encountered a fully geared out person you'll see the issues with it: to even stand a chance of winning versus someone who has played on a server for a long time and has a base with tons of supplies somewhere you will need dozens of hours of gathering,crafting and farming zombies and ""radtowns"" for blueprints and a good bit of luck paired with the constant danger of getting oneshot or your base raided by snowballing fully geared ""veterans"". On high populated servers your base will inevitably get raided quickly before you can even build enough defenses to stand a chance, and the people who already played a long time on the server will simply be able to break through anything with c4 anyways.Theres plenty more issues with the game but those are the most potent gamebreaking ones you should know about. A lot of people don't know about these issues because they haven't encountered them yet or ignore them because of the hypetrain, and ""it's an alpha"" seems to be an excuse for bad design choices and massive core structure flaws nowadays, so I'll leave it at that.Rust undoubtedly has positive aspects and I've had my fun building stuff with others, but until they decide to strip admins of their ridiculous godmode powers or dedicated servers with policing are established I simply cannot recommend it to you. I want a good survival game as much as everyone else but unfortunately Rust isn't it,at least not in the current state. If those glaring issues get fixed/ proper dedicated servers are established I will change the review/recommendation"
76561198025394013,Not Recommended,252490,8420439,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Szlav,"Imagine waking up to the sound of gunfire in the dead of night. With nothing but pants, a rock, some bandaids and a torch you run aimlessly through the wilderness. Your torch runs out; you hear crunching behind you. You whip around only to see a dimly lit half naked man weilding an axe who then yells ""DO YOU LIKE ROCKS?"" through the mic and smashes your face in to death. You then respawn. You are lucky this time, you have been alive for 3.5 minutes! You make it to a road-THE road. You then see a man in full kevlar body armor running at you. Natrually, you turn the other way and begin sprinting. To little suprise you hear him laugh ""LOL NEWBBBB"" through the mic as he unloads his sub-machinegun on you. Fast forward 3 hours of this. You respawned for the 50th time. After every wild animal, naked man, clothed man, zombie, and feild of radiation has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you of your soul; you grow cold inside. You and your rock bitterly smash away at trees until you see another man in full armour come up to you. He gives you a handful of valuable resources that you were never able to get on your own. You prance around like a kid on christmas with your new axe. You also find your two friends who you have been looking for for the past few hours. Things are great-maybe you can actually enjoy this game now! JUST KIDDING YOU GET SHOT TO DEATH WITH A BOW AND ARROW BY SOME COCKY 8 YEAR OLD WITH AIM BOTS.In short, great game. Terrible, horrible people."
76561197998434047,Recommended,252490,15332891,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Just_Garrett,Day 1: I've apparently woken up on a beach. There seems to be a naked man running towards me. I barely have time to register what's going on before I am brutally bludgeoned to death with a rock.5 Minutes in:   I've noticed the naked this seems to be a popular trend. Am I naked?15 Minutes in: I've found that tab opens the inventory. I'm definitely naked.20 Minutes in: I meet someone else with a mic.  He proceeds to tell me that I can hit f2 and remove the censor on my junk.  I have no idea why I would do this.20 Minutes 1 second: My uncensored junk is flapping in the breeze.  I feel strangely liberated.22 Minutes in: Horribly maimed by a wolf. I survive to be crushed to death with a rock by my fellow man.23 Minutes in: Where am I?25 Minutes in: Someone in chat has given me the run down on how to build my own house. I proceed to collect materials.40 Minutes in: My inventory is nearly full of building materials.  I hear a loud noise and wake up on the beach.41 Minutes in: Lose faith in humanity.50 Minutes in: I'm apparently starving.52 Minutes in: See a man peacefully sleeping on the beach.  Proceed to crush him with a rock out of frustration.53 Minutes in: Eat human meat to sate overwhelming hunger.54 Minutes in: Wake up on the beach.1 Hour in:        Quit out of rage.2 Hours later:  Friend notices I bought Rust and tells me to get on.1 Minute in:     I wake up on the beach.
,Recommended,252490,31427825,Posted: 28 April,all,Polisbil,"Good game, toxic community"
76561198121553943,Recommended,252490,9188955,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Visceral Fears,Although it is in alpha the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥model is top notch
,Recommended,252490,22742508,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,RunniEggz,">Be me>Fresh spawn looking for supplies and maybe an ally>Find a guy with a gun>Tells me ""I have some spare gear at my base"">*follows him*>I'm inside his house right now>I hear another voice>It's another guy>Gun guy locks the doors>Tells us to fight>I'm fighting this naked guy with a rock>Kill him>Gun guy tells me my only food is human meat and I'm his fighter>He takes me to an arena to fight other guys>A guy I start fighting with starts screaming tells me he doesn't want to fight>He gets shot by another gun>I loot his body and find a bow with arrows>On the way back to my cage with gun guy I turn around and headshot him killing him>I take his gun and keys and take over his base>Decide to live at his base>On the way back to his base I found another fresh spawn>Decide to help him on the way to the base with the guy>I decide to make him my fighter>I make him fight another naked guy>an hour later I'm shot in head by my fighter with a bow10/10 The cycle continues"
,Not Recommended,252490,13494106,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,focus,"You lied to us Garry.And those that have been following this game since its early, early stage, will certainly know what I'm talking about.Brilliant ideas, awful conclusion.The game when it came out, it was amazing, it had a purpose to survive from zombies and wildlife, and now?You could even change the name to Call of Rocks: Wannabe Survival WarfareDon't trust that ""gameplay trailer"".Do you want to know how it will be your first day in rust?Random naked dudes trying to kill you with rocks, or even other people using you as a shooting target.Basic Resume of rust:'Naked man simulator trying to kill each other with rocks.This is an extreme PVP game, if you're looking for a survival type of game, this is NOT the game for you."
,Not Recommended,252490,19529625,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Z4nder,"If you plan to play solo - DON'T BOTHER. Game was designed to play with friends or clans. If you play alone you will be severely disadvatged from minute one and you'll never catch up.Let me describe typical first 20-40 hours of this game.You start naked with stone. For the next several hours you'll be grinding away to collect wood and rocks to build a basic house (storage). Be prepared to get killed a lot during this stage by better geared people who run in groups.Five hours later you have nice storage that should stand up to basics raiders. At this point you have to start going to high-risk areas swarming with better equipped people to collect ""blueprints"" that spawn randomly in bins. Now, without these blueprints you're stuck with basic gear and bow (no guns like you see in video, no armor etc.)It takes A LOT of blueprints to get even a basic gun, problem is that to collect more of these you have to go back and forth to base, otherwise you're risking being killed (happens a lot) and being looted of all your hard-earned blue prints. Why going back and forth is a problem? Maps are huge and you typically spawn at the edge of the map near water. All the high-risk areas are towards the middle of map. It can take anywhere from 5-10 minutes of real time to walk to in one direction. Why not walk close to high-risk area and built house there you'll ask me? Because old-timers build their houses there first, typically right after monthly reset with group of buddies. So unless you log in to server right after reset and run close to airport and somehow manage to outplay local clan for territorial superiority, you're SOL. Hence, build house out outskirts of map where no one bothers to go to and walk for 5 minutes to find some bins.If by some miracle you manage to collect enough blueprints (we're taking 1000+, when you typically get 20-50 per bin, which are pretty rare themselved) you have to build those weapons & armors using tier two materials (iron, gun powder) which you have to refine. That takes lots and lots of resources and can not be acomplished in one gaming session.Now you log out for the day, having collected enough blueprints and accumilating some tier two materials. You'll get more tomorrow . . . you followed guides and built raid-proof honeycomb base . . . you'll be allright.Tomorrow comes, you log to game only to see your base raided and all your loot stolen. In some cases it would be pretty obvious(hole in wall, etc), but in a lot of cases you don't even see how it was breached. Hense the exploits and bugs in game which are constantly being used by hard-core gamers. There is no raid-proof base, hense there is no advacement in ""solo"" mode, you'll be outplayed by clans and groups in each case. They have collective power to get more resources, share gear, share C4, cover each other during raids, ganks lesser players in groups.So now, 30 hours later you're back to square one and you dont' even know how your base was raided, you are nowhere near close to that gun or rifle. You're sitting naked with stone in your house♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Do you start over or go write a review about the game and move on? Your choice, I've made my.EDIT: spelling mistakes"
,Recommended,252490,12754585,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TEA,"This game took over my life. I go out naked in real life carrying a rock, smashing peoples head in and chasing pigs at the local petting zoo. I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,252490,34822647,Posted: 8 September,all,Bizzy,"Rust will never be forgotten, and it will never be at peace. I told myself I would wait to do this review, that I would let it settle, that it would one day be finished and then I could write my thoughts. Well, too much time has passed for me to wait any longer, and for some reason, today seems to be the day.I'm not even sure now how I discovered this, ""new game with a cool idea"". A friend, DayZ-exploring, a flashing Steam store page, who knows. But once I installed it, and loaded it up, I had found a new, exciting video game. The music when loading was incredible, eerie and atmospheric; and this was 'alpha' music? Once I loaded into the world, an island of apparently great size, I enjoyed the experience from the start. Nature, trees, vast distances, animals, ruins, and...people.For that is what makes Rust tick, people. The first moment, not knowing whether to hide, fight, or try to communicate, is telling, and this is a common thread. And with these first moments, come the first deaths, both expected and not. And so comes the first rule of Rust, don't trust anyone. And with this rule comes the choice you have to make, do you strive to live a solo life? Do you have Steam friends that play and can band together? Or do you try to find some team to take you in? Be ready, you are going to die, a lot.I made a shelter, and built, and harvested, and hunted. I ventured into dangerous places and survived. Or died. In the end, it was a great experience. Then came the version changes, at first it was good, bugs were fixed. Then, they started over from scratch, and things started getting different from what made it good in the first place. It was good, then bad, then good, then bad.The game today is worse than it was, a new thing we are seeing in games when they are made to be a service. A game with a golden age, something we used to only see in MMOs. That is why I can no longer recommend this game. I am going to give it a thumbs up, because of my experiences, and that it was worth the money I paid, but now is a different time. Rust is over for me.Graphics:Apart from certain updates and small periods, Rust has always looked fantastic. As they moved into Beta and the modern Rust era, the game both looks great, and takes a great system to run. It's one of the games that gets my PC as hot as it can get. Beware!Sound:Great music and sounds at first, but inconsistent sound production. Seemed like the staff never settled on consistant sounds/music during the process. To me, this shows a lack of focus, which has been clear from every player since the beta started. This developmental blurriness seems to coincide with when Rust had already made huge sales. Pretty much the team had success, and just went in slow-patch mode. It was less about a work of art, a work that could have defined the team of producers and developers for the rest of their lives, and more about making the project akin to updating the software in automatically flushing toilets.Community:It's a multiplayer game, and the community can be tight-knit if you're in good, but overall it's as toxic as it gets. The sadness with Rust comes from both the community and the developers. Nobody is happy, ever. This has bred conflict between players I've never witnessed before. In short, Rust has the worst community of players I have ever seen, and the clear lack of maturity in most players is almost depressing.Overall:Rust was a pioneer, and flagship in a tattered lot, but what made it great also destroyed it. When new games are made in its shadow, I hope that someone can capture that essence just once again, and hold it tight until a perfect time to share it with the world."
,Not Recommended,252490,26547919,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Flonk28,"Not a fan of this game.[Community]The community is VERY toxic. In my initial review I said it was ""a tad toxic"" however I've had countless abusive comments written on this review, let alone the ferociousness of the players INSIDE the game. I've even had comments written on my Steam profile! Most, if not all of the players inside the game will try and kill you on sight - even if you're a newbie and they're fully kitted out. It's a damn shame but that's how it goes in Rust.[Bugs and other spastications]There's a lot of bugs (some small, some large) often involving things clipping through walls which you would have expected to have been fixed early on in the game but still exist three years after the release.[Servers]Most servers both modded and vanilla are jam packed with buildings for quite a distance around the various different spawn locations. You can keep server hopping until you find a relatively sparce one but more often than not you'll be killed by one of the many noclipping bears or have your head crushed by the local russian en-route to your new home for absolutely no reason. Clans often dominate servers so a solo or small group of players will not stand a chance in any established server. In other words unless you're a total tryhard, this isn't the game for you.[Performance]The optimization is kinda dire - I'm using a Nvidia GTX 760 graphics card and an AMD FX-6300 CPU and I can't seem to run the game even on the bare minimum settings without lagging. I don't know if this is because I'm using an AMD CPU and Rust isn't built to be crunched by one or if the game has♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization in general (To quickly put this into perspective: I'm easily able to rock GTA V at 50-60 FPS with all settings on a mixture of High and Ultra).[Microtransactions]Who in their right mind releases microtransactions in an unfinished early access game? The argument promoted by the developers of Rust is that the microtransactions have little to no impact on the game however I personally feel like it's the developers feeble attempt to milk as much money out of this game before the sales dry up completely.I do believe rust had a lot of potential but it just isn't worth investing in until the developers address issues put forward by the individuals who've been shunned over the past three years for openly expressing negative opinions about the game.Edit - You might find some additional information about the game in the comments of this review so feel free to check it out and/or leave some feedback for others to see!Edit 2 - It seems the argument posed by most hardcore Rust lovers is that it takes a long time for you to learn how to play and progress so anybody with a playing time of less than 30 hours has a completely invalid opinion.Feel free to czech out a positive review to see the PROS of Rust."
76561198057523847,Not Recommended,252490,8465132,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jaha35,"An exercise in futitility.  A griefers paradise.  If you enjoy spending hours to accomplish very little and then watch some prick come along and ruin it all for no reason then this is the game for you.  The Devs have a boat load of work to do before this will be a commercially viable game, if they even want that.  Most likely it will fade along amidst numerous DDos attacks and a player base set of shut in bullies.  Casual gamers are not welcome in Rust.  Stay away."
76561198132390955,Recommended,252490,34583257,Posted: 29 August,all,Vapor.wav,"Find naked man.Wife and I take him in as our own.Forage for berries and wood with new son.Our son, Dopie, screaming WACKA WACKA WACKA while chopping.Glance at wife, she nods her head.Our son is touched in the hed.Take Dopie behind shed. Wife cries. I close my eyes. Pull out my AK.Drop AK on accident.Dopie shoots us. I die. Wife dies.Dopie runs away while screaming WACKA WACKA WACKA."
,Recommended,252490,23111506,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mr Bim Bim,"Spawned in server, 30 seconds later shot in the head. I think to myself why did i buy this game? I contemplate even respawning but i do. Only to be greeted by a man named Pablo. Pablo was a man of many talents, he took me under his wing and told me to follow him back to his base. I was not anticipating getting locked in a jail cell along with many other fresh spawns beside me, each in their own cell. Each cell had a window and i was on the ground level of the compound. I looked outside, we were surrounded by high stone walls and there was no way for anyone to get in and rescue us i thought, I was wrong. That night i heard explosions and looked out as i saw a wall come crashing down before me, it was a group of 3 people, but they were no match for Pablo, he shot all 3 but not before 1 chucked me an AK through the window... I wondered what i could do with this, could i kill Pablo having only played the game for half an hour? I waited for him to come with food and i launched my attack, he opened my door and i shot him in the head. I looked in his corpse and saw something i never thought i would, he was holding the rocket launcher the 3 men used to break through the walls previously. 7 Rockets were also there, i ran to the exit and blew out, using 4 of the 7 rockets in the process, Pablo was outside, i used a 5th rocket and blasted him. 2 left. I look to my left, there it was, the hole in the wall but i wanted more revenge, i decided to head further into the compound using my last 2 rockets to blast through a wall which had Pablo's sleeping bag and Tool cabinet in it. I struck gold. I authorised myself and destroyed Pablo's sleeping bag - I was now the ruler of Pablo's prison. I then did the same to Pablo as he did to me only to be raided by another group of people and lose my prison, the cycle repeats itself. 10/10 Would be imprisoned, take over the prison, and lose the prison again."
,Recommended,252490,34312120,Posted: 17 August,all,LAwlzy ☆,"*walked up to someone*me: Hi sir, how do i drink water? I'm new to the gamehim: Oh hi there, yeah just follow me there is a river down here you can just sit down and press E to drink*gets to the river**crouches down to drink*me: oh thanks man, i really needed that.*gets headshotted*him: you're welcome.10/10 experience."
76561198135650370,Not Recommended,252490,24578239,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Neo,"Useless Developers! Dont actually understand that the reason BPs was so good! Maybe the fact that you had a chance of picking up something good to craft but no...... Lets just let them grind XP....No actually lets change it to components and let them grind that!Helk is a useless developer thinking hes knows the way forward. Doomed project, Buy if you want but you'll never experience the greatness of rust anymore as they have completely nerfed out casual gamers! If you have no life and you spend 10 hours a day playing then buy it and enjoy it until you realised this is an empty, boring grinding game.....Tiny amounts of fun at times but nothing really impressive"
,Recommended,252490,26202758,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,JKPG Perzzon,*Wake up naked*Get killed by a geared guy with assault rifle.*Realise your rock isn't a good weapon and stop knocking at people's doors.*Find gear in a airdrop.*lose it by a geared guy.*Build a house.*With a normal lock because your to bad to get a furnace and kill animals.*Realise how to farm stone*Upgrade house > Stone*Wake up next day *raided*Build a new house.*Level up.*Craft your first gun.*Die by a geared guy.*Start getting better and learning how to play.*Do your first raid get loot.*Start killing nakeds with Ak47's*Die by a zerg clan.*Feels bad man.*Start to play with friends.*Start a clan.*Run around with endgame loot on the 2nd day.*bully solo players.*Go to bed.*Wake up raided by a bigger clan.*You and your friends join bigger clan.*Bigger clan > Even Bigger Clan.*Dominating the server.*Drink bleach*Die69/10Best survival/pvp game ever i.m.o!
,Not Recommended,252490,8027784,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Maxdoom,"One of the biggest insolences I have ever witnessed. I bought this game, got into the basics and when I went to the OFFICIAL forums - which are located on facepunch - in order to tell the devs what find good and what don't, I got instantly insulted and got played for a sucker because I would be too stupid to understand it and wasn't part of their hipster community (We were already playing this game and in this community before you, you have no right to say anything about it) . After several times telling me to ♥♥♥♥ off because I am not part of cancer group they banned me from the forums.Do not buy this game, the devs are working together only with their♥♥♥♥♥♥community and want you to fund their project. When you want any support or just add suggestions on the forums they are gonna laugh at you for financing their product.It's like they tried making the game look shiny and put it on steam to make people buy it (Oh cool, it looks like Stalker and DayZ) and as soon as they have got enough money they are going to make Garrysmod 2.0 out of it (""We don't know where we go with this product yet..."")It's an absolute impertinence that this game is even on steam. Imagine someone selling you an expensive iPhone, when you unpackage it it's just a plastic mobile phone and when you ask him what the hell this is supposed to be he waves the money you gave him in his hand, points and you and laughs. And there's nothing you can do.[EDIT]You think thats inaccurate?I quote Rust creator Gary Newman 1:1(http://www.pcgamer.com/2014/05/05/show-us-your-rig-rust-creator-garry-newman/):""""The only disadvantages to using a Mac are the price (...) To me this isn't a big deal because I'm rich as ♥♥♥♥—so I'm more likely to just buy the latest model instead of trying to get 10fps extra in BF4 by upgrading the graphics card."""" But hey, at least he's rich as ♥♥♥♥ now!Update - Apparently the rules of Facepunch do not apply to facepunch staff and admins themselves.See the picture for further infohttp://www7.pic-upload.de/17.12.13/466nq1kftaiu.jpgWhat I get as answer when complaining on the facepunch forums about it?A video of the worlds smallest violin.http://www7.pic-upload.de/17.12.13/mq6w6avtrc2t.jpgIf anyone says facepunch is not a bunch of hypocritical lying and abusive imbecils he is clearly not in a condition that is cureable.Update:If you think this review is bad then just vote it down and maybe write a comment about it on the review comment sectionBut please, STOP spraying cancer over my profile, the whole ""i read ur review and have to tell you your a whiny ♥♥♥♥♥ and not a pro pvp player like me xd"" isn't changing anything about your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥size and it's becoming really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying.Another thing: Everyone adding me and asking me to buy Rust for them will get reported and blocked by me. No, you can't trade games in your steam library because that would be literary the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing steam could do for their own finances. I am also not going to buy this god-damn game for your and trade it for your trading cards or whatever. Goddamn kids these days.Just got the 10th kid adding me and asking me for something like this."
,Recommended,252490,13417196,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Portal,"Hello im new to - Suddenly Died by a rifle*Trying to build house*A group of russians :♥♥♥♥♥ DIE!!!11!1 - Died by a group of russians with shotgunIm in my house and some ppl knocks the doorI dont let them inThey breake the wall and kill me7 year old cod kids come and attack with rockI kill them they call admin for abuse and i get banned""Climb to a mountain*Suddenly another russian group : ♥♥♥♥♥*died*GREAT JOB GARRY BRORAGE SIMLUATORHARDER THAN REAL WORLD69/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,24491135,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Fair Nando,"THIS REVIEW IS NO LONGER UP TO DATE! I stopped playing a while ago and can't judge the current status. This review has been written months ago and doesn't represent the game anymore.This game used to be great. It had a very special play Style with collectible Blueprints for guns and other items that was quite unique. I won't go into Detail cause it has been removed and replaced with an exp System.I used to play this game from time to time but only for so long. I enjoyed having a small Base and collecting Blueprints, being able to build high end guns and compete with others eventually.Sadly this doesn't work anymore. You can't research guns you find or be lucky and get a blueprint, you have to Grind exp to level up and unlock it. I put a few hours into the game since that Update and I hated it.The game now feels like a Grind Simulator. There is not a lot to do except for farming resources to earn exp. After a couple of hours I gave up. This game is sadly no longer the Rust I played for the past years.If you are able to put a decent amount of hours into the game, you will still be able to enjoy it but it is too time consuming if you have a job/ go to school and can't put dozens of hours into it per week.This exp system is my biggest issue with the game at the moment, though there are man other issues aswell. Bugged animal ai, Items nerfed into Oblivion and performance issues are just a few of them. It is an early access game, but it has been for years. If I look at other early access Games I can see more progress than in Rust - which is sad, cause the game had potential and still has it, the Devs just seem to make the wrong decisions at the moment.If anything changes and the game feels more like harsh survival and less like a grind Simulator, I will happily recommend this game, but currently there are just too many issues with the game in my opinion.For anyone interested in buying the game: I would wait a couple of weeks to see how the exp system turns out.At the moment Rust feels less like a game and more like a job if you actually wanna compete with others, therefore I DO NOT recommend it"
76561198102461441,Recommended,252490,12322243,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,@knowl3dg3dm@n1@c,"I was playing the game earlier this week, while scavenging for supplies. I noticed faint shapes of other players in the distance..thinking ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; i scurried away. little did i know they saw me and started to chase me.A few minuets later i made a wooden shack in the middle of an open plain, for me to sleep in.I awoke in the night to hear footsteps outside my door, scared and confused I peeked through the cracks of my shack..Several naked men were trying to  break into my house and loot me.Strange russian voices could be heard.A minuet or so later they broke into my shack and i made a run for it...In the persuit I was running as fast as i could, only to be shot down by a naked mans bow and arrow, a few seconds later they caught up to me and started to gangbang my nearly dead corpse, while beating me with rocks and making really strange sex noises.....i must say that this is the most realistic Russian prison simulator ever.10/10?"
,Recommended,252490,18832282,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Wizzy™ aKa Firm Handshake,"Best game I've ever played. Dev team is great. Idk what else to say. Oh, being friendly to people will get you more items than trying to kill everyone you see. Two people hitting trees is much better than one"
76561198335088080,Not Recommended,252490,33999301,Posted: 3 August,all,Seepage Putty,"After I purchased Rust it quickly became one of my favorite games ever, but at its current state I can't recommend it and am probably going to quit playing soon myself. The devs are slowly killing every desire I had to play this game and are turning it into a shell of what it once was and is supposed to be: a survival game.Here is a list of the current problems in the game:- Lack of progression/servers dying off and losing population way too fast. As of now most servers (excluding officials and a small percentage of community servers) start to die off 2 or 3 days after a wipe. This is due to both lack of progression and poor game design. What happens is players can run around radtowns and streets breaking barrels and opening crates and recycle all the components they get to craft a full set of gear and weapons. They then can go around killing and raiding everyone starting out and trying to build a base, causing them to quit the server. This goes on for a couple days until the server starts losing its population and the raiders leave and do it all again on another server that has recently wiped, leaving the people who actually play the game as if its a survival game and not PUBG alone on an empty server. Once people get raided they have absolutely 0 reason to stay on that server because there are 50 others that have just wiped that they can join. These are their two choices: they can remain on a server where they have nothing, but others have everything or they can switch to a server where nobody has anything. The second choice is obviously the wisest. The community has asked the devs countless times to address this issue, but they don't seem to care and would rather Tweet out pictures of genitalia with the caption ""get ♥♥♥♥ed reddit.""- Gunplay is awful. With the addition of the infamous aimcone, gunplay has become a joke. Bullets do not go where you aim them and PVP has turned into an RNG fest. There is no skill involved in fights. Again, the community has asked the devs to do something about this, but all they do is reply with emojis making fun of the feedback.- So many things are unbalanced in this game. The devs will add new content that is almost always extremely OP, then they will ignore the feedback and won't touch it for a month's time, then finally they will nerf it into oblivion and nobody will use it anymore. As an example, they added heavy plate armor, which was cheaper and stronger than the previous high-tiered armor, making all other armor obsolete and turning players into tanks. This problem was ignored by the devs for about a month until they made it so you can no longer see your entire screen while wearing it, you're slowed down significantly, and you cannot aim down your sights. After this nerf I have not seen a single person wearing it in game ever. It hasn't been touched or mentioned since. This has happened time and time again and the devs just keep moving on to new broken content.- The game is confusing and lots of information about it is outdated or just flat out wrong. The wiki gives out wrong information, there are hardly any in-game tips about things, descriptions for items completely lie about their features, and armor/weapon values make no sense. Pretty much you're on your own if you want to learn how to play this game, and you'll be doing things wrong for weeks until you accidentally learn that no, your cooked bear meat isn't actually burnt and won't hurt you if you eat it, it's just labeled wrong.I realize the game is in early-access, but the entire point of letting players play a game before its release is to listen to feedback and make changes to improve the game. It seems like the reason this game is in early-access is because Garry likes to make fun of people who give feedback and tell them to get ♥♥♥♥ed. Some people may think the way he acts is funny and charming, but to me its extremely unprofessional and disrespectful to the people who gave his game a chance and have supported it through its development. And Helk can say ""I want to make one thing absolutely clear. Rust is a PvP game."" as justification for all the stupid changes he's made, but the first line of the game's description says otherwise."
76561198098707920,Recommended,252490,22208539,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,lebron jaques,"met some guysthey let me join themi help them, harvest, gather, kill for themthey shoot me in the back of my head with my own pump-shotgunthey forgot to remove the sleepingbag i put in their basei spawnfind a granadei lure them in to the loot roomonce they open the door i yell:ALLAHU AKBAR.*kaboom*all chests are gone, and everyone died.10/10"
76561198065089392,Not Recommended,252490,28224146,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Solemnwind,"BEFORE YOU JUDGE; I would recommend this game, there is only one HUGE thing that makes it a no from me. The community. This game has beautiful graphics, great survival mechanics, AMAZING guns, awesome tools and buildings, and all around this is a great game on its own. Now, the reason its a no is that the community is horrid, as in 99% of the people you find want to kill you, even if you are a fresh spawn and have nothing. This is a huge game breaker in my opinion because it makes it so the game is WAY too PvP centered and IN MY OPINION, makes for a boring survival game."
,Recommended,252490,9444848,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Shara,"Where to start with Rust?Kidding, you don't start. You get a rock and a huge map to go do rocky things with your new friend.I quickly discovered that life in Rust is very hard. The animals are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the other players are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and someone made a♥♥♥♥♥♥out of campfires.Now you may be asking yourself ""Does this help me survive in Rust?""No, it doesn't. So as you play, you may be asking yourself important questions, such as:""Why do deer give chicken meat?""""Who's that naked man with a rock?""""Can I kill that naked man with my rock?""""Who are all these people doing cult dances around me?""""Where the hell is all my cooked chicken?""""Admin, please stop calling in airdrops?""These are good questions to ask, and they have very good answers.But **** you, I'm not answering them. Just play the damn game and play Chase The Chicken. With a rock. Because that's all you do during the first hour of gameplay anyways. Now I shall detail out the pros and cons of this game.Pros:1. Chicken out of everything. If you're a vegetarian, screw you, meat is godly.2. Rocks.3. Managing to craft an M4 out of metal sheets complete with ""Made in China"" decal.4. Radiated animals that go out of their ♥♥♥♥ing way to chase you over rocks5. Player vs player gameplay6. Gunfights that heavily favor rocks7. I found an M4 in a crate once. It was glorious8. Unlimited replayability. *snort.*9. Throwing flares into people's bases in the middle of the night yelling FLARE PARTY(Note: number 9 might get you shot. Just throw more flares and run)And of course, every game has cons. Here are a few I noticed:1. No Nazis to shoot. Every game needs Nazis to shoot. Please update this2. They removed the zaombies. Wait, this is a pro.3. Rocks4. Did I mention we need Nazis to shoot?Those are the only cons.So all in all, I give this game an Apple/10, please add Nazis to shoot at.And remove those player controlled AI bots. They shoot at me while I raid small rad town. This is very unfair to me because I have guns that I don't want to lose. How do I fight back?"
,Recommended,252490,32584482,Posted: 19 June,all,RogueFlame,This game is really fun and annoying at the same time but brings good memories and friends.
76561198006789950,Not Recommended,252490,13367126,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Spectre,"""People are constantly asking for a roadmap for Rust. I’m not a fan of the traditional roadmap. I don’t want us to feel tied down to features and timescale. We’re hobbyists at heart – we’re not a game factory – we don’t need that kind of pressure.""-FacepunchTLDR:  If you buy this game, expect it to never be more than an alpha close to its current state. The developer sees no need to hurry, nor even to finish this game. Consider the game as it is, the finished product. As such, I can't recommend it.Elaboration:I've put a lot of time into this game over it's life, as you can see by my hours played (though a lot of those hours are simply having Rust up, not actually playing, but still). It's been a simple game due to a slow development pace, and then the remake of it. Even still, it has been tons of fun even through all the hackers, shoddy networking architecture requiring you to restart from scratch every week or two, and lack of content (though I would say I've had so much fun due to the bond's I've formed from interactions in the game). I've been patient throughout all the issues Rust has had and tried to enjoy myself, but that above statement pretty much sums up the state of development for this game, currently, in the developers own words. It's a shame that a game that has had so much support from the community has become a game where the developer has already written it off as a success due to the amount of early access backers and don't feel a need to put much work into this game anymore. They can't even be bothered to update the video for this game, which is currently showing the old version and numerous features, which simply aren't implemented in the remake.This game has always been developing slowly since it first came out, and now you're lucky to get more than one feature per update (and updates may come every month or two), and when I say feature I mean like a new type of lock, or one new building improvement/addition, not even anything that big. Don't get me wrong it's moving, albeit incredibly slowly, in the right direction, but there's simply not enough content to justify anyone buying this game since the remake, nor does the developer seem to care about ever actually finishing this game. As they say, they're hobbyists.This game seems to be going the way of DayZ, though at least DayZ hasn't gone backwards with starting over again."
,Not Recommended,252490,20928330,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Blinkrieg,"This game started off as a magnificient survival game set up in a sombre atmosphere, with a unique art style, a huge map with tons of details, a building system like no other we've ever dreamt of, an unbelievably caring and cooperative community and lots of adrenaline rushes caused by strangers, zombies, and rad animals. In short, it was about primitive men—some better geared than others—versus nature, making friends and enemies along the way.At some point Rust was rebooted from scratch. That made a lot of sense back then because the amazing concept behind the game was being hidden by its modest technical level, and the messy code in Good Ol' Rust supposedly hampered developers’ progress to an ill extent. Getting more features and a better game seemed optimal. This new thing was labeled Rust Experimental.Now, two years later, Rust Experimental is simply known as Rust. A lot has changed since the beginning of said massive revamp. I'll give you one thing: it looks fantastic. It totally does.The negative side? The game has totally turned from a survival to an FPS. The community is now crowded with players who are intellectually uncurious at large: they are not interested in interacting, they will never ask for food nor will they try to convince you about letting them in to spend the night, and they will not cooperate in any way. If any of the previous ever happens to you, it will be to kill you and to raid your house. Most of the times they will refrain from using these old tricks and just shoot on sight with an AK-47, rocket launcher, flamethrower, or sniper rifle with a 4x-zoom scope if they are able to. Everyday they stay late at night with one goal in mind: use C4 to raid as many houses as possible right when everyone's logged off.People are simply not open to expanding their friend circle, and so the hilarious and creepy dialogues and situations that made Rust the best game I've ever played they're all gone. The developers' ill emphasis on military weapons has taken this too far away, to the point that I've found myself playing DayZ trying to recover some of this experience while still visiting Rust from time to time to check on the progress of users' devastating mindset and the building system, which I still enjoy quite a bit.Some other bad bits that are in no way nearly as defining as the ones above: developers are poorly organised and seem to tackle issues randomly instead of as a team, developers' progress is tedious to follow mostly because of their lack of focus, realism and priorities (although they manage to pull some decent weekly devlogs), performance is poor and seems to be slowly getting worse, the building system hasn't received barely any update in a year (bugs are virtually the same ones as back then), developers' only goal in life is adding modern weapons to the point that even this new FPS-addicted hostile community is feeling wrong about it, procedurally generated maps are losing features for no apparent reason (amazing desert and snow biomes, forests and canyons suddenly just flew away), caves have never worked properly and old Rust's rock formations which allowed players to hide, build shelters where they'd never in a hundred years be found simply don't exist anymore. Animals have not worked at all for two whole years and they want to have it fixed by June (!).Now let me tell you a story. Facepunch didn't like the zombie fashion, they took them out of the game, put rad animals instead and took them out again when moving to the new Rust. After that, they spent years deliberating about adding NPC hostiles (there are none), doing intellectual work on the topic, coming up with amazing new beings that would terrify survivors, thinking of refined concepts that would shatter the world as we know it. After all that effort on a paramount subject, the only NPC threat now in the game is... guess what. A cannibal tribe? An ancestral monster? A wizard in a tower? Nope: a chopper, a ♥♥♥♥ing chopper with a machine gun. You still think it's not that bad, huh? Okay, picture Facepunch staff would be replaced by one CoD-mad 14 year-old, tell him to develop a concept for The Boss of a game like this and give him two hours instead of two years. You and I know even he would've thought of something better.And have I said this game requires too much time? Several hours daily. And also that it includes a few pre-gun powder weapons who no one can use thanks to the mindblowing number of guns?There are a lot of minor points I could make too, but I'm lacking the energy and time for it.In case you are considering this as an FPS purchase, I firmly believe it makes no sense for you to go through the annoyance of building a house, gathering blueprints and resources, crafting weapons, trying not to die at night, and moving from wipe to wipe if all you want is to simply shoot down some people. Of course, this game allows you to shoot down some people who really care about what they're doing and who're expending a sick lot of time putting effort into building their place, which I have come to understand motivates a bunch of people. (Sigh)If you are still going to play it, bring some friends from real world and enjoy the bloodbath or simply get abused non-stop playing solo.Rust is opposite to what made it different."
,Recommended,252490,20071933,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Freddy M.,"After over 800 hours of almost complete solo gameplay, I can honestly say that this game turns you into a person you wish you'd never become. Almost from the get-go I had to decieve newly made friendships just to get ahead. Due to the almost impossible difficulty of making a house on your own, I was reduced to something most of my freshly made enemies called ""Modern day trickery"". After weaseling my way into a friendship with some more than kind strangers, I would stab them in the back with almost no resistance from my consience. I understand that I am part of the reason this game has negetive reviews, because I made it not only my goal, but my life to ruin others experience. I would, without hesitation, call myself a war criminal."
,Recommended,252490,13072244,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,niceguyX,"I chased a man around and then beat his head in with a rock, then took his rock and used it to build a better rock. Then, I killed someone with an even better rock, and stole theirs. 10/10, best rock simulator out there."
76561197984934431,Recommended,252490,14169947,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kalibore,"Best Rust experience ever;So me and a group of friends (met in game) went for a raid we planned for 2 weeks on a very huge all metal and very fortified base. We are from the UK and the local Russian crew that were working together made this fortress we went to raid. There was some in game rivalry between the Russians and, well... everyone not Russian. They went as a crew of around 15 and just hunted and raided everyone constantly.En route to the base that day to recover some of this taken loot were about 20 of us, most from the UK. We only had 4 c4's but decided we wanted to try anyway. We got to this massive base, 20 odd storeys high and taking 2 mins to run all around. We discovered from 2 scouts we sent that there were only 2 Russians in the area, chatting on in game chat. We went for it!We managed to get to the base, 20 of us charging, we killed the first guard, c4 on first metal door, dwarfed by this fortress. We got in and through the first 3 secure doors...Killed the second guard who was overwhelmed inside.We were in the main section! We saw at least 100 boxes, all fully stocked with ALL of the best loot, 1000's of guns, 1000s of armor sets, 10000's pieces of ammo etc,etc,etc ! Literally months worth of time had gone into this base and the hording!!The guard we killed first had set a spawn in a small building not far from the main base, he ran and replaced two of the metal doors we destroyed to get in, we were all too busy grabbing all the good stuff!All 20 of us were trapped!! 1 C4 left. No way out of this metal fortress at all! We didnt have enough c4 and they had left none in the boxes on that floor!We ran upstairs as far as we could before stopped by more metal doors and could hear the Russians shouting at us on the mics. Both parties knew we weren't getting out. They called reinforcements back to the base and a shoot out began, us from the upstairs windows and them surrounding the base! Around 50 of us all in within 10 mins! They tried to get in but we held them back, gun fighting in the entrance corridors.. they reset the metal doors. Totally trapped!!We werent getting anywhere, taunts still flying on the mics back and too. We decided we would have to sucide or die, whichever way we were not getting out with the loot. Not a single item! So we grabbed everything and threw it from the crates onto the ground, it then disappears permanently. We threw EVERYTHING to vanish forever!!So crazy watching all those hours worth of loot vanish in front of the 20 of us, whilst I played 'God Save the Queen' full blast down my mic to the Russians after we told them what we were doing with all thier loot.Those Russians were pi**ed off! You have never heard obcenities like it I can promise you that, in funny English accents. I still remember, 'YOUR FATHER, I PIG MATE REGULAR, YOU LIKE!!'Then we all commited a mass suicide!Martyrs of Rust.Greatest and funniest moment ever in gaming history for many of us included. You had to be there really, but still funny :)10/10"
,Recommended,252490,30778655,Posted: 27 March,all,"Nick ""Zorb"" Cage","I got somewhat 500 hours in this game and i just decided to write a review for it.Game has a lot of potential, some of it hidden. Rust is better played in a group of 3 to 5 on a medium or big server with constant rivals at your doors and glitches on your back. It's been in early access for quite some time now but unlike other games, this one actually has updates (weekly). Devs aren't afraid to change gameplay mechanics to see how it plays out in the end, this is Early Access after all. So, how's the game up close?Gameplay is simple in its basics. Just survive. Kill, build (optionally, tho, you can even survive without a base), farm (a lot, especially if you're alone) and do whatever you want. Currenly, as of beginning of 2017 there is no end-game content or any specific objective to do. Most people tend to raid once they have reached a certain level of development; some just build the biggest and baddest base around and stay in it, occasionally killing someone from their roof and most of the players are engaged in pvp content, whether they want it or not. No one is protected from having his аss handed to him just because he made a wrong turn in the forest and walked up on a gang of 3 ruskies with ak's and full armor. This is why the game is best played in group, that way you can have an actual objective in game - to have fun together, instead of just building a base or raiding someone.Graphics, optimisation, all of that are changing constantly and for some the game would be unplayable, but that's only if you have a very old pc. Currenly, i'd have about 40 fps on high on r9 270x and i5. But since it's early access and unity together, means that there are a lot of bugs and nothing can save you if you suddenly freeze during a firefight. Happens occasionally.Sound - eh, it's alright. Music - eh, turned it off.Social interactions - knock a door, press V and scream SUKA ♥♥♥♥♥ SUDA IDI NAHOOY, get rekt.Potential - a lot, if devs keep on updating as they are, game will (probably... hopefully) leave ea with a lot of content and ready to conquer steam charts."
,Recommended,252490,30514911,Posted: 14 March,all,Cubë*:C,"Basic InformationTitle: RustDeveloper: Facepunch StudiosPublisher: Facepunch StudiosGeneral ImpressionThe basic meaning of Rust is to survive no mather the price. You spawn naked on a Island, you gather materials to build a base, kill animals and  fight other players and get you. The game is really fun to play when you got a buddy to play with you, or... you can play solo. Solo is really fun though, you get to do everything yourself and stuff, but can be really hard sometimes. The game itself is just really fantastic!Strong Points+ Multiplayer+ Trading Cards+ Interactive+ Great priceWeak points- All Offical Servers has atleast 1 big clan that has a hacker in itGeneral RatingsGraphics: 9/10Atmosphere: 10/10Audio/Music: 9.8/10Gameplay: 7/10Story: N/AEngines/Mechanics: 8/10Personal Rating: 8.9/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,15423338,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Big Burrito,"Rust is an interesting concept. Garry and the team at Facepunch have done right by the community in revamping the game and really putting a ton of effort into it.From my perspective, I think the game looks great, runs much better, and has some cool mechanics. Aside from those points, I really cannot say this is a good game. It simply requires too much time - and no matter how much time you're spending on it - someone else is spending more time than you. It's a neverending circlejerk.You spawn with a rock and a torch and you have to build up from there. Maybe you make a small hut the first night. Let's just say you wait 2 days between the time you made that small hut and you log in again to continue your progression. Guess what? Your hut is gone and you've been killed. This doesn't just apply to new players - you constantly have to restart because there's always someone who will be on when you're offline.Rust players will tell you ""build on a rock"" or ""hide your base"". Well yeah, that works, except you have to bascially use game breaking stuff to do the first part. People will climb huge rocks by using foundations ( a building element) and then deleting them. As for hiding, some people find cheaty ways to make their houses in a rock or use indestructable stuff to surround it with.I would love to recommend this game, it has a lot of TLC put into it. But I can't. At its core, it has an awful community and it's impossible to step away from it for a day or two and come back. If you don't mind being attached at the hip to one game every day, then get it. Otherwise, stay away, because this game will just be a huge waste of time and source of anger."
,Not Recommended,252490,33143337,Posted: 2 July,all,Hidden Hand,"IDK, Helk seems to have taken Rust in a not-fun direction.I tried to hold out. It all started in July of 2016, when the developers removed the blueprint system. Under the BP (Blueprint) system, you would collect fragments to piece together blueprints which you would consume to unlock the ability to craft a specific item. The better the item, the more blueprints it required. They replaced the BP system with the XP system. Under the XP system, you would receieve experience for completing tasks (basically just grinding, you would get xp for hitting nodes, chopping trees, picking up crates, and whacking barrels) and you would then consume the points to unlock the ability to make a specific item.So, XP was a mess for a lot of months. Mostly because Helk decided he didn't like XP, and wanted to overhaul again, but it took 4 months for them to come up with a new system. So for 4 months, from July 2016 through November 2016, Rust was very grind and in a state of Flux.The new system that replaced XP in November of 2016, which is still in use to this day, is what's known as the component system. Under the component system, you are able to craft everything right from the start. If you have the apropriate ""components"" you can craft the item.This component system has a lot of drawbacks.1) It made an already grindy game, even grindier.- Instead of having to collect Wood, Stone, Sulfur, Metal, High Quality Metal, and BP frags, you have to collect Wood, Stone, Sulfur, Metal, High Quality Metal, + Rope, blades, Semi-Auto Body, Rifle-Body, springs, gears, SMG Body, pipes, sewing kits, etc.2) It causes servers to die in 2-3 days-No progression system tieing players to servers. If you get raided, there's no reason to stick around on a server anymore. Wipe these days go like this: Wipe day - Servers are full pop. Next day - Servers are half pop. Day after that - Servers are 10-20 pop. Back during blueprints, and even XP, servers never used to die like this. You could make it a full 5 days with max pop, and even longer with 2 week/monthly servers.-Community is also gone. Severs used to have a distinct identity. You got to know the people on your server, because they played there every wipe. Now? people switch servers too frequently. Everyone is a stranger.3) Being 1-2 hours late to a wipe is disasterous.- With high-tier weaponry being available within the first half-hour of a wipe, if you happen to have a job and you don't get off work until 5 on thursdays, you're going to have to compete against full-geared players with the nerf-to♥♥♥♥♥♥bow/xbow/and pipes.So like I said, these changes were made in November of 2016, and the system hasn't been tweeked at all. The only changes have been to HQM costs on auto-turrets, and gear costs on a few items. 8 months is a long time to have to watch a game that was once amazing, turn into a heaping pile of grindy♥♥♥♥♥♥To amplify Rust's problems even worse, gunplay has now devolved into this terrible system where the guns don't really shoot where you're aiming. I cannot describe the feelings associated with wasting your time grinding for weapons and armor, just to be able to PVP, and then you end up losing all of your gear because your gun doesn't shoot where you tell it to. (This isn't even taking into account the horrible lag spikes that preceed any gunplay. Rust is not optimized. If you have a low-end graphics card you will not be able to achieve more than 20 fps, and if you have a good one you will sit at 100 until any sort of action happens, and you'll spike to 5-10 until you die or you happen to be blessed by lag-jesus.)Due to all of the reasons outlined above I cannot support anyone purchasing this game. There are better uses of $5 at this point. Had you asked me a year ago, I would have raved about Rust. I would have told you to buy it and if you were hesistant I would have bought it for you just so that I knew you got to experience it. Now, the devs just don't give a ♥♥♥♥, and it really shows.9/23/2017 Edit:Still not worth buying, but it's getting better. I think when the next forced wipe comes (first thursday of October) there will be a new progression system, so maybe Rust will be fun again sometime after that."
,Recommended,252490,22348076,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Josh,I live in a concentration camp where I am forced to draw paintings for my masters
76561197969067252,Not Recommended,252490,19717739,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[v2]Hiv3,"Let's mark this 2year of developpement. I bought the game 13 december 2013 in alpha and we are now 15 december 2015 the game is still in developpement...My 2years Story with this ...thing...When the alpha opened back then, the game was a hit and sold an insane ammount of copies.In the alpha we all bought , it was ugly, bugged, but playable.An FPS with survival features as well as building and gathering.Zombies, radiation, wildlife were part of the party.The game was hard, i died from survivingGood Alpha and everyone can agree with that.But this is what broke this game, his alpha success.With millions in pockets developpers decided to rewrite from scratch the game and broke every part of the Alpha.To make it better ? NOThis game was Survival with PVE (wildlife and zombies) and PVP and building.What we have now ?Better Graphism <== that's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Better is the Good's enemy. They were fine before.No Zombies, no wildlife <== No threat, harcore.... no more PVE play, just PVPFood or Water don't work.No Radiation and they dare to call them ""Radtown""<== still survival ?More craft to survive nothingThey basically changed the game from ""Coop to survive against elements"" to ""Call of duty, naked"".I have waited them for 2 years to give them my game. They are completly lost. And I say that because I read what they have to say :""I painted a scrapable part of underwear""""He took me a week to draw this road sign""""I have done animations stuff on banners""They add content to the game. OK it's a good thing but not here when the game is not finished to build!!!!!CONCLUSIONDon't buy this game until it is released.2 year dev.... less gameplay than at start.No deadlineThey could say ""Hey let's start over again""The game is not fun, they don t even know what ""balancing a game"" is.200h played  => 150h during the first few weeks before they broke it down.50h waiting for my game to come back.Dev are lost"
,Not Recommended,252490,8074995,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Fox,"Well, I've got 15 hours put into this game so far in the 2 days that I've owned it and from that... I've noticed a lot of bad things about the game so far, a lot more than good things... I know the game is only in Alpha, but a lot of what I write in this review probably won't get corrected. But for the record, this isn't my official review of the game... as maybe I'm currently just having a bad experience with it so far.Pros:Voice chat with a limited distance to a player is a nice feature. There are a few nice players in the game which try to help new players out a little by giving them armors and weapons. Whether you like the game or completely hate it, if you love the survival aspect of it, then it is somewhat addictive. It is fairly difficult to handle the recoil of the guns which I like cuz it adds a need for skills to handle them properly. The survival aspect of the game seems to be well done in the sense that you can get cold, hungry, bleed to death from a bear or zombie attack, etc... and you always have fear on the brain because you never know who will attack from where or if a zombie or bear will pop out of nowhere to attack you.Cons:Editing game options hardly works at all: Raising or lowering graphics detail does nothing, only resolution changes have any effect, editing control options before launching the game does nothing as you need to change it again once in the game, and the in-game UI seems to have minor issues too and feel too basic. Half the players are bandits and shoot on sight or pretend to be friendly until your guard is down for just a second. The map may be big, but the terrain all looks the same... it's so ridiculously easy to get lost in the game or lose the spot where you placed your base. Also, while the map is big, it still always feels crowded with players even with a 50 player limit. There's only 1 non-PvP server out of hundreds and it's only 128 players and is always full so don't ever expect to be able to force your way in there. There's no way of knowing which player killed you or trying to kill you unless you were up close to him and had a chance to see the name before dying... The detail in graphics are only slightly better than 7D2D (although they have plans to greatly improve that) and yet it requires so much more out of your GPU (first game I've ever needed to lower my resolution and even then could only average 45fps until a gun fight breaks out lowering it to about 20fps). All the good items in the game require you either find blueprints or find research kits which seem to be extremely rare because I never once found one in the 15 hours of play and I explored a lot and visited the rad cities a lot. Night time leaves you 100% blind or if you use a torch or flashlight or make a fire, makes you a really easy target for bandit players... therefore the only safe option is to hide for 20 minutes of the game in total darkness until it's daytime again which is really boring. No matter how much effort you put into making your base secure, they'll always get in the moment you log out... or will destroy the base with C4 with you in it... The few players who are friendly are so nervous that even they sometimes shoot on sight out of fear of being raided... It's just a game loaded with frustration and stupidity... speaking of stupidity... I shot a naked guy in the head with a 9mm 3 times and he was still trying to attack me with a rock (then the bear clipped through the floor and killed me). Wearing a complete set of leather armor hardly protects against bullets... you still die in 1 or 2 seconds depending on attacker's aiming skill and it requires so much effort to make the armor so in the end, you're better off just running around naked and pretending to be weak since you have pretty much the same chances of survival in a gun fight. And new players with nothing worth mentioning in inventory and completely naked get killed for no reason, they have no weapons and give clear signs of non-hostility (jumping and/or voicing friendy in chat), bandit players seem to kill anything that is near them and are always in groups so you tend to not stand a chance against them even when in your base. Animals can clip through structures to get to you without warning (can reach you on the top floor while the bear is underneath). In the 15 hours of play, I still felt as though I had nothing worth fighting for in my base... I was so limited because I couldn't find blueprints that I needed or even a research kit to be able to make my own blueprints. PvE is a bit challenging at first until you have your first true weapon, then they become easy prey (if they remove zombies from the game, PvE will really have nothing left in terms of challenge, so they'd need to add something else to take it's place). You're very limited in how you can build your base in terms of materials used, where the walls and doors can be placed, if there's terrain clipping through the foundation, you can't place anything near it, etc...In the game's current state, I'd rate the game below average and is no competitor of 7 Days to Die because 7D2D, which is also in Alpha, has so much more variety in every meaning of the word and effort put into the game and allows players to fully customize their servers and you even have the option to play offline which is still lots of fun because PvE is being designed really well. I haven't tried DayZ Standalone yet, but I hear that game has just as many issues right now, so maybe DayZ is a good competitor with this game. I might put in a few more hours into this game later on if I can find a non PvP server that isn't always full, but till then, I kind of regret buying this game, especially at full price too. While $20 isn't a total rip-off, knowing what I know now, I wouldn't have paid more than $5 - $10 for it."
,Not Recommended,252490,23533936,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,tieks,"Rust is really a lot of fun. It's hardcore survival. You have to build, and in order to do that, you need to gather resources. You must be careful because as you gather, someone might kill you. If you die you start over, with nothing. It's a ruthless and savage world. Rust is a game that required me to become emotionally invested, and when I got killed by 16 year old cheaters, it ruined the experience.Rust is plagued with cheaters/hackers. The systems that they have in place to even detect these people are practically usless. This game has an AWESOME foundation. It can be so much more awesome but the devs are extremely short sighted and I don't think they really care about cheaters. Or the direction of the game. I'm pretty sure they just roll the dice and go in a random direction with development.BEFORE YOU DOWNVOTE ME, I realize this game has a LOT more going for it than 99% of other ""Early Access"" titles. Just understand that it's equally broken/unfinished/bug ridden, as those same games. It's just more ""centrally complete"" with more functional systems."
,Recommended,252490,9751434,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,keaty,">lead a group of 3 bandits>geared with m4's and♥♥♥♥♥♥>have super epic base, with windows, the works>get bored>go to nearby town>find naked caveman>force him to drop all gear and tell him to come with us>tell him to look down, so he can't see where we go>lead him down a road, slave trade style>bring him home>lock him in the basement>hes agrees to be a good pet>leave server for little bit>log back in and he's trying to get help, the little♥♥♥♥♥♥>time to interrogate>he wants to leave>we let him know that that just cant happen>he wants us to kill him>hes calling to the server to go all search and rescue on his♥♥♥♥♥>he doesnt know where our base is lol>accidently let him out&gt♥♥♥♥♥>shoot him down while he runs for freedom>mfw>10/10 goty"
,Recommended,252490,29500865,Posted: 26 January,all,greyw0rm_ofhousedoomfist~witdong,"I got chased down by a group of white people because they didnt like my ""kind around here"""
,Recommended,252490,25345858,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,WhiteZe,"Rust delivers you an unfair and cruel survival experience.-Do not buy this game if you don't have time as this is a huge grind and extremely hard for new players.Rather than reviewing the game like I usually do, I will tell you what the experience with it was for me (since it's hard to review an early access game), and how it may go like for you too:First you spend 10 hours setting up your stone base and crafting arrows and a bow just to have a big group of people with C4 come and take it away from you instantly, take away all your stuff, and make you realize how horrifyingly cruel a game can be. All your hard work for nothing.Every single bush can have someone with an AK ready to shoot you down and take your stuff, every single person you meet only wants your resources for his own needs, no one will be friendly.After you realize the terrifying truth about this game, you get a bunch of friends and you join a server. Every singe person you see shout friendly gets instantly shot in the most brutal manner and you steal all his belongings. Resetting his 20 hours of solo adventures, feeling no mercy, feeling no remorse for your horrific actions.You have became a monster.Welcome to Rust."
76561198271450045,Not Recommended,252490,24770861,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,A$AP J,"I love this game. you start with a rock and end with ak's running around killing people while you let stuff smelt at your home. or so it was like that before the new xp system came about. now the game is ""go out your house with a crossbow or a bow (doesnt matter cause they both do same dmg...) and a pair of mining tools. hit trees, rocks and any live animal to level up. reach a decent level by the end of the day, go home and find your base totally destroyed by a clan of 10 who got to max level 5 min into the new wipe with xp sharing. I wanna end this review with a short letter.Dear Facepunch,You ♥♥♥♥ed your own game in the♥♥♥♥♥and made it boring for the solo/small friend group players. Fix your life, and your previously awesome game.Best Regards,the whole ♥♥♥♥ing community(except for the 10 man clans)"
,Not Recommended,252490,25524122,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Viktor,"Rust is a game for clans. Solo playing is either not possible or not fun. If you try to play solo, you'll be out numbered by a clan of trolls within a week. It takes forever just to get the basics, especially solo. Server wipes are a joke, because hard-core Rust players will dump 12 hours non-stop on the day of the wipe. I personally cannot justify doing that & having to dump insane hours daily just to stay relevant in the game is more a chore than fun. The amount of time and effort required when solo is just not worth it. Success in this game is purely down to how much time you invest in it, so it will be dominated by either large clans, or people who have no job & just play games all day.So you're probably saying, ""well, just form a clan"".Rust is not a good game to make friends. You CAN make friends, but its long punishing trials to do it. A typical rust conversation in-game is ""Hello, hows it going?"" and then taking a bullet to the head. The average players are immature trolls & only seem interested in communicating to be abusive rather than friendly competition or teamwork. You would have to be willing to die & be trolled over a dozen times, just to meet half decent human beings in this game. That was definitely my experience. With that said, the best way to form a group, is to form one outside of the game ahead of time.But if your group is not covering your base in shifts so that it is protected 24/7, then either a larger clan that has the man-power to patrol in 24 hour shifts, will out-perform you; or a tiny band of losers with no jobs will. Games should be fun, not chores.But this leads me to the final issue. Even playing this with a group & managing a few bases, it honestly got rather boring because you just run out of things to do, presumably because it's still ""early access"". So in it's current state, it isn't worth $20. Luckily I picked this up on sale for $10, so not much of a loss.I will give this game a chance to improve with time and review again after. But in the meantime I will not play vanilla servers & will only play with a group of 5+ in different time zones. I recommend if you already own this game, that you explore mods cause vanilla isn't worth the effort.------------------------------------------------Review #3 from March 2017.Rust is improving, but there is still more work to be done.The good news; The bullet-proof trade window, the vending machine, and the guest code option on code-locks are all very helpful changes which I think are huge steps to encouraging team work/diplomacy & an in-game economy, rather than just PVP trolling.Peace-keeper turrets are a great idea & probably essential to this being fully successful, but are useless at the moment. You can just send nakeds to trigger it and make it deplete all its ammo before going in geared. Until this is addressed, there is really no point in using peace-keeper mode, which is a shame because if it worked better, it would discourage alot of griefing & encourage more shops, trading & even communities.Hacking remains a major problem on official servers. Witnessed so called spiderman hacks, which allow you to climb walls. Had to reinforce doors and windows that were 6+ floors up as a result. Previous months I encountered aimbots, including the very obvious ""spin to win"". Took the mods 2 weeks to ban the clan.Official servers are still very much unmoderated. A teenage boy was going around painting nazi swastikas on everything & calling everyone racial slurs, I guess he thought it made him edgy and cool. It didn't offend me or hurt my feelings, but I thought it was sad that Rust mods are nowhere to be found, whether it is hacking or extremely toxic behaviour.Performance on official servers remain incredibly poor & was more severe recently; despite many so called ""performance updates"" during the last 2 weeks. Some servers are also far worse than others. US East 1 went down several times & suffered from severe stuttering even when the server was only half full. The lag was entirely network related. I verified using console to monitor  & put graphics all the way down (I have a GTX 1080 GPU)My previous criticisms about clans remain. This isn't a game for solo play, you need a group, formed outside of Rust. Changes to mechanics could strengthen community formation, which would challenge or even topple clans. The wipe cycle is only a half-fix for monopolies in Rust. Devs plan on doing better, but the question is how soon.Animals still move through rocks & foundations. I've heard rumours that Garry blamed it on Unity engine, which if true, just sounds like a cop out to me.So like in my previous reviews, I recommend buying while on sale, since its still early access and severely flawed.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Review #2 from Sept 2016:I haven't seen this much hacking, since pre-VAC Counter Strike Source. An entire clan of hackers getting constantly auto-kicked by the server for violations, bragging about their aimbots & being reported by virtually every online player, but somehow not ending up banned for an entire 2 week period; one guy came over with a 'spin to win' classic aimbot, constant headshots while spinning fast. Headshots from across the map in the dark, no silhouette to see our body outlines or head, even headshots from across the map (at night) when moving passed the tiny little gap between closed shutters, instant headshot, no delay, no miss.I didn't notice hacking this severe the previous months that I played, but it is suddenly very severe this month. I was playing on an official Rust server, so the blame for this rests soley with the Rust devs & admins; there hadn't been a single moderator on the server while I or my friends were online. People reported today that one of the clans known as ""141"" was finally banned for their hacking, but they are one of 3 clans that were hacking & its too late, the damage is done, half the cycle is over & those around me that weren't targetted by the hackers, gained a huge advantage over those that were.Hacking aside, there are few incentives to discourage the obscene behaviour ingame, or empower players who aren't part of a large clan. Rust's best effort at encouraging teamwork/alliances (for instance) is a f***ing trade/shop door which does absolutely nothing, it is 100% cosmetic. (EDIT: A few months after this review, they added the bullet-proof trade window, and vending machine, which has helped alot)I managed to build a massive base, despite these setbacks, but only because I am self-employed & thus could squeeze in the time to compete with the 15 yr old that have 0 responsibility in life. The average person 18 & up, simply cannot compete with people who have so much free time to waste on a game.Now I could continue dumping the time into this, but I am so frustrated with how unfair & broken this game is & the amount of time I'd have to put in just to keep my base at this point, that I despawned all my chests of loot. I had more than enough resources to go on & even capture my enemies bases & loot, but that would have required me to dump even MORE time into the game, to the point where I'd be neglecting my job & not paying my rent, and being married to Rust. No game is worth that effort & that is why it is dominated by 14-16 yr old boys.And I haven't even mentioned the poor performance of this game. I have an EVGA GTX 1080, and this game runs like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ If it isn't a frame-rate drop, it is lag on the server & it is very severe. I overlooked this & thought it wasn't serious compared to the other issues, but it is still frustrating, especially when I have spent money building a high-end computer only for this game to not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥how fast my system is, and still run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy this when its on sale so you don't overpay."
,Recommended,252490,29993863,Posted: 17 February,all,Codrin Bradea : Satana,It's a great game where bears possess mythical powers to go through rocks and hit you with ranged attacks after 40 minutes of looting.
,Recommended,252490,29731902,Posted: 5 February,all,✪ Vizteck,"Do you love getting killed 100 times before setting up a♥♥♥♥♥♥shack?Do you love to interact with salty, low iq kids every time you try to use in game voice?Do you love being camped at your doorstep?Do you love being rushed by clan of 20 people, when you have only basic tools?You do? This game is for you then!On the other hand, I still love this game, its one of the best games I have played in a long time.I love the idea of the game, the pvp and building/raiding concept.But, most precious thing in this game, is the people behind it. Facepunch developer team, I really, really appreciate you guys, you are the one of rare developer teams out there, WHO are actually listening to players and doing your utmost to fix the bugs, bringing us constant updates and balance the game as much as you can.Much love and respect to Facepunch team and to Rust players, even if you are one of toxic players."
,Not Recommended,252490,21826564,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Regiseal,"Amazing game with everything I'm looking for, but a horrible, horrible community. Can only reccomend playing if you have a friend so you can fend for yourselves before the top players kill you on sight."
76561198037395441,Not Recommended,252490,28247311,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,mrq02,"As many other reviews have mentioned, the community around this game is incredibly toxic. On two separate servers I was mocked for not knowing how to begin, when there is no in-game tutorial (even a single pop-up with the basics of hit trees to get wood, hit dark grey rocks to get stone, and  pick up hemp or hit cacti to get cloth would have been enough; though the map and sleeping bags could really use an explanation as well). And so after visiting a few extra-game websites to figure out how to start playing what's really a pretty simple game, I finally began.After waking up naked, I ran up to a tree and started hitting it only to hear someone whisper ""Hey, buddy"" behind me. I turned around and he killed me with a gun. I woke up naked somewhere else and arrows immediately started flying past my head. I jumped around a bit until the other fellow finally pulled out a gun and killed me. Third time's the charm, right? Nope. After waking up naked, I started running away from the spawn area, only to get sniped at and finally killed by a couple of guys who were quite some distance away.Finally on the fourth try, I was able to functionally start playing. After a couple of hours, I had a reasonably functioning base; cue a guy trying to sneak up and kill me with a silenced rifle. Luckily he was a terrible shot and I got lucky; I killed him first. I took all his gear and started exploring to see if I could find some of the stuff I couldn't craft myself. About 10 minutes later, I was dead and being looted by a guy with a machine gun.After restarting again and getting a friend involved (who also was new to the game, but strength in numbers), I got a reasonable base and plenty of supplies. Had high quality metal bars smelted and could craft most of the stuff in the build menu. That was when I realized why everyone sat around killing other players: Unless you're really interested in just exploring the island, there's really only about 10 hours of gameplay here. By that time you'll have a fully functioning base, good armor, and at least a semi-automatic rifle. At that point, might as well just hunt new players as there's not really anything else left to do."
,Recommended,252490,30950105,Posted: 4 April,all,Lucid,"IMHO, it's the best survival game out there. You aren't likely to find a more toxic community unless you still play League of Legends. The skill cap is legendary. I hope this game makes you realize the futility of your existence."
,Recommended,252490,18571381,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SHADOW,"You will laugh, you will cry, it will change your life. You will die, A LOT, and love every moment of it.Rust is not quite like any other game, and it's always changing.. Just like the real thing, it never sleeps.15/10 - The best £15 I ever spent. If Garry ever adds pies then my rating will go up even further."
76561198032085445,Not Recommended,252490,15990632,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,cosmickobal,"On the surface, this would seem to be a fun and exciting PVP survival game. you gather wood, metal, stone, cloth, etc and craft all the required gear to survive in the wild.Once you get more than 5 minutes into it though, you realize that you can only trust 1 in 20 people who claim to be friendly, people will hack/ghost into your house, steal all of your 10's of hours of hard earned materials and gear and leave you naked and with 5hp(out of 100) all while locked inside your own house with no way to escape or even to kill yourself and respawn.It was interesting and mildly annoying the first time it happened. it's F****** infuriating the second time. there is NO sense of accomplishment when the rug can so easily be pulled out from under you. I have had it with this 'Game'.To be perfectly clear, I have no problem with a game being hard; in fact, I play permadeath games whenever possible, I love the dark souls series, and I only play skyrim with a super difficult and realistic Requiem mod set.What I have a problem with in Rust is the utter lack of anything resembling a community, the chat is constantly filled with some of the most racist and hateful crap that I've ever seen in text form, there almost never seems to be a mod watching chat, the fact that you can spend hours and hours and hours working to make yourself as safe as possible before you log out to use the bathroom, and when you come back, it's all down the toilet...This was a total waste of my money and for the first time ever, I'm going to search for a way to permanently remove 'Rust' from my games list. This crap is why I used to torrent games before buying them.-10/10 (I've never given a game a negative score before)P.S. a few more things; (will edit as I think of them)1. Even though I have a 1,400 dollar PC that is only 1 year old,AND running game boosting software, I have to run Rust on absolute minimum settings just to not lag ALL the time. even still, the wildlife tends to clip through mountains and run up and down 80' slopes like the frigging roadrunner.2. Every update seems to halve my Framerate even further while not actually seeming to provide anything useful.******EDIT: After thinking about it, I'me going to try a foriegn server. One where English is likely not spoken often. Hopefully by doing this I can evade the 'hate chat' and maybe by building my house in the middle of nowhere and build it very small, I can stay below a hackers notice?... sigh... I spent good money on this, and I WANT to like it.... Ging to give it another shot...*****2ND EDIT:   Tried it again, received some VERY rare kindness from a fellow with a house near mine. Paid it forward by supplying a noob with useful tips and basic tool and food, made a secure stone home, logged for the night, and was house hacked AGAIN and locked inside with no way to escape or respawn or kill myself or anything.My initial review was done in the heat of the moment and I was rather upset at the time, but I'm crystal clear now and stand by everything I said previously. I gave Rust its second chance. Rust ♥♥♥♥ed me over and I will NOT be giving it a third chance unless my friends tell me that every single hacker was BANNED from the game( not likely).*****EDIT TO RESPOND TO ALL CURRET COMMENTS:       To the people saying that I'm just a crappy player, that's relative and has nothing to do with the performance problems, the lack of trust, the lack of anything social beyond someone trying to tell me that they wont hurt me but still trying to stab me with a spear, etc.To the people saying that hackers mostly arnt a problem, I tried playing on around 8 or 9 different servers with the same EXACT problems on all of them.To the people saying that i wasn't actually hacked, but people were beating down a wall/door/ whatever and boarding me back in. I already knew about that and I find that difficult to believe could happen in the time it took to log out for a bathroom break(less than 1 minute most of the time, not that you particularly needed to know that).There were 2 or 3 times that I suspect that DID happen since the new door/wall was wood and not the upgraded stone, but those times were when I was gone overnight. i DID build small and i DID build fast and I tried to find the most desolate and hidden places to build. I never set a fire at night and tried not to kill anyone so as to NOT give away that I was even there in the first place. I also played on the LEAST populated servers. I would STILL have people 'SOMEHOW' getting into and back out of my upgraded and trapped home in under 2 minutes. it was friggin ridiculous.As far as my computer stuff goes, I'll try the nvidia control panel stuff the next time I have a similar problem with a game, I have no desire to try it now, but I'll keep it in mind :)one last bit...directed towards anyone having a problem with me using torrented games to test drive games when deciding what to buy. consider that big games nowadays cost around 50-60 bucks. who in their right mind is going to simply lay that cash down on a game that they dont know they'll like? if ALL games have a decent demo and you could KNOW that you wouldnt be dissapointed by Galactic Civ 3(since it feels like clone of GC2 with somewhat better graphics and a repetetive ground combat system.), then would you put your cash on a game that you torrented/demo'd and KNOW you'll like? or would you risk it on one that you had to rely on reviews for?"
76561198077924697,Recommended,252490,9255307,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Owl,"Some guy captured me, gave me food then kept me in his house as a sex slave. 10/10"
76561198117333493,Recommended,252490,13291117,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hail,"I don't know where to start with this review.  I've tried to find other games to replace Rust with, I've gone through the store a thousand times and watched gameplays and read reviews and bought a lot of really crap games and nothing at all compares to the community you will find in Rust.  You will hate it, then kinda like it and then get sucked right into it completely.The characters you will meet will have you crying with laughter.  From that random weirdo making sexual sounds at you when you hit a wood pile, to the angry russian who tells you their day will not be complete until they've killed you at least once.You will meet groups that run around pretending to be detectives, or hobo killers, or KFC employees.  You will find people who build clever run-throughs to trap players for their loot or large trap houses to keep other players as their pets and/or slaves.Almost all of the players are sick and twisted but so clever and hilarious.   The 16 and under players are the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥since they all think this is COD or CS:GO and they almost all hack and act like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but they're entertaining when they rage and pout.I've met a lot of amazingly interesting and funny people, and built relationships that I hope last forever.10/10"
76561198016017370,Recommended,252490,14095394,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tzeentch,"I went into someones house and beat them to death with a rock while I was naked,I stole all of their stuff,Then I ran off home and played rust."
,Not Recommended,252490,34533328,Posted: 27 August,all,populi,"have 5 friends and play all day long? go ahead this game is for youSolo player, and want to play 1/2hours, 3 or 4 times a week? dont buy the game"
76561198041275847,Not Recommended,252490,13857850,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sgt. Ainsley Chaiken,"Bought this game after it was recommended to me by a Steam friend; huge mistake.What convinced me to buy Rust was the allure of promises which have been revealed to be half-hearted. From what I know, this game had something going in its previous incarnation, now called Legacy. That is no longer the case.It took no expense of time for me to realize that Rust is a prime contributor to the disgustingly lucrative business of perpetual alpha, money-grubbing early access survival games. They are very efficient at exciting the imaginations of customers with the prospect of what ""could"" be without ever fulfilling that potential.Rust was actually very fun at first. I got so caught up in building my stuff and trying to set up my survival regime that I pulled an all-nighter building a large forest complex seated atop and around a big rock. There were some dumb things going on along the way, like my walls getting destroyed by guys with shotguns and non-responsive wildlife that teleports short distances.However, as you can see by my invested play time, that fun did not last. I returned to the game the next day to find that the entire complex I spent over 12 hours building had vanished and random chunks were left floating around. After inquiring about it in the global chat, I learned thatRust's servers cant even handle its own infrastructure. My forest complex had been destroyed by the game itself, which apparently struggled just to allocate where things go and failed miserably. Aside from the plethora of issues that I consistently experienced with connecting to the game, Rust's servers have to be wiped out completely several times per monthjustto avert their inevitable destabilization.The aforementioned glitchiness of the wildlife was also attributed to the game's servers and poor script. Further compounding this madness is the decimation of your framerate that occurs near concentrations of objects or light sources regardless of how powerful your graphics card is.A game that issix months into developmentafter its reboot cant even handle the basic stress of having player-created constructs across the map. Mind you, the game's map is bare-bones aside from grass, rocks, water, and resources. Given this, I'm supposed to believe that Rust is going to somehow become a finished, fully functional sandbox game with full terrain and even more complex multiplayer features?I could go on and on about what's wrong with Rust's gameplay, which isn't even a bad thing. It's an alpha and flaw is to be expected. The game obviously still needs a lot of refinement and that's okay. It's another matter entirely when the rudimentary infrastructure of the game is♥♥♥♥♥backwards, volatile, and unstable. I'd cut this game some slack if its total development time through Legacy and its current incarnation didn't span several years.To put it simply, this game is in♥♥♥♥♥♥poor condition given the circumstances. It may look pretty, and it may seem promising, but it's just another siren singing you to your demise.Rust is built on asinine coding, upheld by unstable servers, and can barely limp into functionality after an unreasonably long development cycle. It's quite clear that the developers don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about accomplishing whatever dreams were put forth in Rust. They've made the money they wanted by whispering sweet nothings into your ear and now lack the incentive to fulfill their end, despite very strong support from the community.I wanted to like Rust but it did a great job of disappointing me in a very short time.Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse of a game. Unless you'd like to run around with a shotgun and repeatedly murder players who are powerless to stop you, steal their belongings, and blast their homes into oblivion, then start all over in a few days, because that is the epitome of the experience Rust has to offer you."
,Recommended,252490,17250585,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Goodbye $team and Asia!,"""Sticks and stones may break my bones."" Accurate, as hell."
76561198047427688,Not Recommended,252490,31006632,Posted: 7 April,all,Ƹpidemic,"After over 1300 hours of gameplay i'm writing this review.The gameplay of rust, is 10/10 fantastic, the constant struggle makes the game very enjoyable, the rollercoaster of gaining and losing loot.I have nothing but good things to say about facepunch and their constant updates/changes to the game.Now the problem with the game, and i consider it game breaking.  It's not a big deal while you're new, but as you get more established and definitely as you work towards group play, this becomes a major issue.  The hackers, are real.  hackers are constantly using aimbots, flyhacks, no clip, speed hacks.  The only successful raids on my groups bases have been by people using either aimbots or no clip.It gets to the point where playing as a large group is impossible, not because of players, but because of hackers.  So having multiple friends who want to play with you, ultimately makes you a hacker target.   Small groups are generally less effected by this.  Personally i prefer large group play, and it is not an option in rusts current state.I can't reccommend this game, because of the hacker problems.  The game itself again, is 10/10 gameplay.  Until the hacks are sorted out though, this game is just unplayable for dedicated play."
76561198095916164,Not Recommended,252490,33756528,Posted: 23 July,all,Cat in Hat,"Wouldn't recommend buying or even picking up this game in it's current state.I had a lot of fun in rust and brought about a 60 man discord community together to loved playing this game. 50/60 of those players quit the game and for good reason. The devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their loyal high hour player base. They've changed good gun mechanics with a high learning curve and turned them who has the better RNG. They've made building one of the best aspects of the game boring and spamy. They've made raiding easy and your base will surely be gone when you lay down at night. Not only all this but the game has a very small form of progression that will feel like it's completely useless after 10 hours of actually playing the game.For all of you that don't understand the points made above:- ""You've had your money's worth it's time for you to take a break"" - Garry Newman- Changed old recoil a mix of compensating and strafing for an aimcone. As you shoot the spray randomizes and it's makes for a less skill impactful gun play. If this doesn't sound bad enough they've added something else called ""recoil compensation"". What this does is it will move your cross hair back to where it was so you don't even have to adjust while tap firing. This creates a very small skill ceiling and you have to wonder in every fight if you're getting better or just getting better luck.- They made it so you can build certain tiers of structures on other player's land so that you can more or less get to any point in their base easily.- With the update they introduced in the point above it made raiding easier and not only that but offline raiding more common. So you'll have some younger player with no job online at 4 am to take all your hard work.- Finally there is no progression or reason to play past 24 hours. You get end game weapons in 1 hour can raid bases easily in about 2 hours, and after you've had your fill of rng and the occassional offline raid your base will be gone when you wake up.If the game gets fixed I'll change my review, but from my perspective and a lot of the player's that quit the game already facepunch is using it as a cash grab with their cool skins. Expect no information from the devs on where the game is headed because at this point they're cashing out."
,Recommended,252490,17365088,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,LusT,Day 1Went into a Russian public server there are 157 people online gathered some naked russians they believe that I am russian as well we raided some other russians with home and some guns we break in 30 naked russians(my army)vs 3 well armed russians.We take their home and salvage their resources.They crown me Tzar.I ordered 15 of them to gather some resources.While they are away I killed the other half at home.They heard the gunshots and came back home.I killed them as well and gather what they gathered.I barricaded my base.After a while they gathered outside my base 30 naked russian.They are attacking the doors I shoot them on the roof.I kill them for 20 minutes but they start to evolve.Some of them can think now.They craft some sleeping bags outside and start to gather resources and craft bows and arrows.They call me Mad Tzar and taunt me.I am almost out of ammo.They are breaking the doors.There are too many of them.I've been holding on to my dear life for 45 minutes.But I am out of arrows and they break in.I pıll out a spear and made my last stand 30 Russians barge in and kill me but before they execute me they taunt me they mock me.I am laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off.They are even madder.Finally they kill me and I am fire.10/10 would fool russians and betray them again.
76561198281709995,Recommended,252490,23772579,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Trooptastic | Csgogem,"I woke up on a beach, naked and hungry, while walking inland looking for food a deranged naked man tried to abduct me, so I smashed his head in with a rock and ate himThen I left Somalia, went home and bought rust"
,Recommended,252490,20670411,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jellyfishlion.dukk,"A naked guy showed up at my front door and offered to renovate my house. 10/10 would receive remodelling services from homeless man again.Now for the actual review... This game is absolutely brutal, but it's ridiculously fun. You can spend hours gathering stuff and building an amazing base, only to have some jerk come by and blow it up. I've been killed by bears, chased by helicopters, and shot by strangers. I've claimed an island for my own, built up an arsenal of weapons, and lived in a cave. I've made some awesome friends and dangerous enemies. Once you learn the basics, this game is an absolute blast (sometimes literally... heh, c4).My advice? Find a small, well managed community server to play on. I've avoided official servers so far and have had a blast on an unmodded community server. With 10-20 people, there's plenty of space for everyone to grow into while still forcing people to interact (and sometimes fight)."
,Not Recommended,252490,13812937,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Armothy Morty,I can't in good faith give this game a positve rating as badly as i want to like it. The concept is excellent the delivery seems to be excellent. One problem is the game has been in alpha for years now and no finished product on the farthest of horizons. This game has become one of those: 1.Presell a bunch of copies 2.Cashout 3.Fire the staff because they cost money 4.Forget about finishing the game because you already sold it so why put more money into for no return.~This game is currently in alpha AKA MoneyGrabPlease Don't Buy this I will change this review the day they decide to realease some kind of content
,Recommended,252490,16101301,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Blase,This game is great but it would be better if it had a single player or private server feature as it is way too unfair for new starters to understand the game like myself.
,Not Recommended,252490,14752021,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Zomby.UnKnown,"Rust was a GREAT game !!   Then the hackers came...  then the developers gave up...  then the developers decided to start over...   so they took old Rust, made it look better, took away all 'game play' and gave us the most boring un-playable game on Steam !!~1000+  hours of 'old' Rust game play  (would play again if they'd get the hackers off old version)"
76561198337790284,Recommended,252490,32006187,Posted: 27 May,all,BoozeDumper,"Okay, so I have put about 200 hours into Rust and I'm going to write another review once I get more hours. So I'm going to tell you my experinces in Rust and if its worth your hard earned 20 bucks. So my friend had gotten Rust because he was tired of all the games he had and after a couple of days he recommded it to me. And I was like sure why the hell not. And boom! One of my current favorite games was born. Rust can get be frustrating most of the time. You WILL spend hard work and effort to make your little♥♥♥♥♥♥shack, and it WILL be wiped by a 8 man clan. Things like that will happen, even more now that the ""Twig Foundation"" update is out. But Rust can be very satisfying as well. For example, on one server this group of 3 raided my base and killed me. So in return, I got allied with a group of well armed people and raided and took over their base in return. Getting revenge is in my opinion the best part of this game. The game in general needs a bit of time to get used too. Controling the spray of your gun can get hard sometimes. But keep in mind the goal of this game is too survive and become the most powerful player on the server (Well thats my goal atleast), and people will betray you. Trusting someone is always a risk (unless you know them irl) but trusting people might be better than just killing the right off the bat.Okay this review has gotten a bit too long so imma wrap things up. If your into games like ARK then this game will suit your needs. Playing alone is fun enough, but with friends is even more fun. Couple words of advice, don't trust strangers until you have formed some sort of a bond, nighttime is aids, stray clear of bears and wolves, and eoka pistol is god tier."
,Recommended,252490,21357465,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hedronz,>Found an AK-47>Shot 8 naked people>Came home and played rust
,Recommended,252490,12402577,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,sl0thie_OG,"Please read edit for new Rust!!!First of all, Rust is a great game! Constant updates, and a good community! Overall, I would rate this game 8/10 and definitely recommend it to others!Now, I shall tell a story!-Once upon a time, there were these 3 naked men who found M4 rifles and killed everyone within sight. One day, these 3 men decided to kill some annoying child whom was spamming their mic. (We) went and took over his base, finding many resources and, yet another, M4 rifle. We went and found another trustworthy person to base with us. We decided not to kill everyone, only people who were stacked with gear and were killing everyone. We helped a few newbies out and built our base. I chose to build it under a rock cliff so it would look like a cave. While building, we noticed this small crack since there wasn't enough room for another wall. I stuck a barricade (very weak) to keep intruders out. The micspamming kid found our base, and got hackers to kill us. They didn't know that we had beds to respawn in there with. We respawned, got our gear, and started improving the base. They couldn't get in since we had good walls (and didn't notice the barricade). Then, the kid came back with some n00bs claiming they had C4 to break in our base. The chopped and chopped with their rocks at the door, and we just kept building walls behind it so they couldn't get in. Then, they left to go get gunpowder, so we went out the secret exit to get resources. We needed to craft bullets. One at a time, we went outside, making sure it was safe. One guy fell off the cliff and died. The other was mauled by a bear. It was down to me and one other guy. We got all the resources and returned to the base, rebuilding the barricade. We crafted and shared all the bullets. The next day, we were all laughing when that kid came back. I told one friend to break the barricade while I distracted. Then, we all jumped on top of the cliff and reigned fire upon the kid's army. One of or men were shot by friendlies in the crossfire. But then, all of the enemy was defeated. We did it! We returned into the base, went and picked up the fallen ally and returned his gear to him.-This game is an amazing game! If you're looking for a fun, survival, multiplayer game- GET THIS!"
,Not Recommended,252490,8046569,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,deadmilkman,"In a PVE server, players SHOULD NEVER be allowed to harm one another. But this is not the case with this game's PvE servers: I've been stolen and killed. And of course, as a PvE player, I'll not be comming back to start everything again from zero. There's no point in scavenging, crafting and building if everything will be for nothing.Also, there's more demand than free slots in the PvE servers.If I could, I would take my money back."
,Recommended,252490,14761648,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sn!gger the Monkey,"Spawned as a naked man.Smashed a rock against a tree and got wood.Built a house.Night came.Saw a light in the distance.Yelled out ""Hello?""The light came closer.A naked man appeared.He began calling his people.From the bushes a thousand lights were lit.Naked men.Everywhere.Running towards my house, hungry, eager to kill.Died from naked men.10/10 would get killed by naked men again."
,Not Recommended,252490,25040470,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Desperado,"Rust legacy was so much fun!RUST was a survival game where you had to battle the elements/animals/people.Now it is nothing more then a free for all deathmatch with clans ruling the servers.Weirdly enough in old rust this was never a thing, ofc KoS was a thing now and then.But it has never been like this, before it was a game is he friendly or not?Now you know 100% sure you gotta kill him or he kills you.I was one of the people who were hyped about the new rust that they promised.And everyone know it was gonna take a while since they started from scratch.But now looking back at everything that happent I wish they would have sticked to the legacy version.The graphics have improved but with that has everything been said...Graphics don't make a game, and while they did upgrade the graphics they forgot the game.Welcome to naked battlefield with basebuilding!!!"
,Not Recommended,252490,24520773,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,I'm being carried,"Rust as a game is good; even with the new XP system however unless you're playing with a dedicated clan and are prepared to put some serious hours into learning about raid proof base designs then this game isn't for you.   This isn't a salty opinion; the development team are very clear this is a clan based game design.If you're a random guy or girl who has seen someone playing on Youtube and think it will be a laugh; save your money.   Your nice 3x3 will be offline griefed most days and like so many other players the reality of starting from the begining each time you play will be what your gameplay consists of and it will be become hours of chopping trees, hitting stones, being killed, losing it all."
,Not Recommended,252490,8012600,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dragir,"Just had nine hours of hard work taken away by an aimbotter/teleporter. I am pretty sure i am done playing this game until garry releases the server files and better measures than VAC can be implimented. I understand that its an alpha and the whole nine yards.. But a multimillion dollar company can do better when it comes to keeping servers clean. Fun game minus the obvious drawback on it though, i would recommend it in the future, but i just can't in good conscience recommend it in its current state."
,Recommended,252490,15865251,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Screaming Fox,"Me and my friend were playing it today. (Just got the game tonight)We were walking on a deserted island, and we were clothed in nothing but boots, a military jacket, and a pair of pants for me, and my friend only had a pair of trousers.We walked, and walked, and walked. Eventually, we came across a poorly made, not terribly impressive home on a hill. Curious, I brandished my bolt action rifle, and my friend, his wooden spear. We then slowly walked into the open door and found two people asleep on the floor. One thing lead to another, and we have claimed this house now.To Respectable Dad: We're sorry. My friend got caught in the heat of the moment. You and your friend tasted delicious.Tl:Dr: Became cannibals and now own a house filled with military-grade weaponry. 10/10"
,Recommended,252490,18371966,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Burning of Prospero.,"Sit down ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you a story.Once upon a time a lonley noob logged onto his first server, the great London III Test server to be precise. I never left this world but instead began my time mingling with the local flora and fauna, once mauled by a bear in the dead of night as I was escaping from angry Russians with Assualt rifles and another gunned down by an angry helicopter as I inspected by loot, stolen from the corpse of an unsuspecting man.I started with my small 2 x 2 hut which lasted the staggering time of 27 minutes before I was beaten to death by angry men with rocks - Note to self, I really must get a lock for that door. They took my Wilson, torch, stone hatchet, blueprints and hammer, then disappeared into the night.Lurking around on chat I found an active community whom deemed me friendly, I joined them only to discover they were actively at war with another ""clan"" - the lonely noob was cast into a great battle and was soon geared and ready for combat!It ended in a hail of gunshots and looked like a scene from Mafia as my body was thrown against a stone wall from the sheer quantity of Thompson bullets hitting my frail body. I respawned in my bed, aptly named ""Liquids S**g sack"" and collected my meagre belongings - they team assisted me in taking a small and poorly guarded home on the airfield for myself. I joined with a few other solo'ers as we crafted and reinforced our little part in the world, we sent out supply runners and traded with the larger clans, all whilst maintaining good relations with the other server dwellers.The day before the wipe, everything changed. Darkness fell that night as usual, I sat atop my tower with a team of three - we waited for the sunrise but little did we know we would be cast into a recreation of the purge. It started small, a few skirmishes here and there, the odd burst of gunfire or stray arrow but soon out outer wall was slowly chipping away. The Russians had found us and they were determined to get in, I moved around silently on our upper tower and peaked around, only to be met by the sound of my skull crushing under the weight of a finely timed rifle shot. I respawned quickly at the tower sleeping bag and retrieved my equipment, shaking I moved around to the lower firing platform and thats where I saw them, several members scatted on the rocks - I look aim - FIRE! I direct hit, his wails could be heard and my position was met by a barrage of fire. Wood splinted and the stone clanged as the air was filled with lead, we had lost the base, the encampment that has stood the test of time but in the end we were undermanned and out gunned.My allies fell and with no local sleeping bags made were banished to the unknown of the darkness.A messaged appeared in the chat - ""We are coming."" - Our saviours had arrived, the local smaller groups had combined into a roving kill party to assist us. As I sit under my stone stairs bandaging my wounds, the cackles of fire eminated from outside, the rumbles of F1 granades, the sound of whizzling lead and the thrum of arrows was all around. Dirty, bloody and glorious.The fire fight died down outside, I crept towards the sniping perch and peered out. It was done, we were victorious. We lost some brothers in arms but the day was won, I ran down stairs to greet my new brothers, opening my airlocks and reaching the front door. The door flew open as the electronic lock pinged, the team had assembled outside I walked to towards them and  ... BANG. BANG. I fell to the floor, screaming and bleeding. The voice chat icon appeared ""We are sorry"", they stepped over my body and began looting my gatehouse.So ended my Rust adventure.The treacherous ""allies"" will fall, I swear this. The first light dawned on a fresh server wipe, I look out upon my new grassy home. I smile. ""Soon.""TLDR - Best Business simulator ever."
,Not Recommended,252490,34514121,Posted: 26 August,all,Reggi,Grind all night and day.Get raided when offline.Wanna die when you wake up to see all your work is gone.Not a fan myself.5/10
76561198039896082,Not Recommended,252490,8259091,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ghostface187,terrible community (teens that just spam and base camp). Lots of people with aim bot and/or teleporting hacks. Waste of time to invest when you will fail unless you have your own hacks
,Recommended,252490,9696925,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Fawcks,TRICKSY TRICKSY BANDITSES. THEY STEALS IT. THEY STEALS MY CHICKEN. MY PRECIOUSSSSSS CHICKEN.9/10
,Not Recommended,252490,25833022,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Trevor Phillips,"I really enjoy this game, but I finally ended up giving it up for a multitude of reasons. In my defense, I rarely quit games unless they have serious problems, and in this? The problem is the playerbase.People in this game are cancerous beyond measure and seem to do anything in their power to hinder anyone who joins the game rather than help. Needless to say, you'd either need to be a recognized youtuber,or etc figure, or in some clan, if you want to survive for an extended period of time.The game does a lot of things well, and I honestly enjoy it. The graphics, along with PVE gameplay are amazing by themselves. But, again, the hellbent playerbase seems to only enjoy one thing:♥♥♥♥ing your day up."
,Not Recommended,252490,21970346,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mr. Blackwell,"Damn man, Ive never wanted to give a good review for a game but just not been able to. Rust has some great things going for it but to keep the review short I'll tell you the main two reason that this game gets a big thumbs down. First off Rust has been in early access for years but it really seems like they just threw it together last month. Second one is the true deal breaker for me, worst community I've ever seen or even heard about. Of course you run into nice folks on a rare occasion, but the vast majority are pubesent boys working through issues (or seem like they are). Logging on to a random server in Rust is like a snap shot of a middle school lunch room.  P.S. I tried PvE but Rust in its very incomplete state really does not lend it's self well to non PvP)"
,Not Recommended,252490,24521700,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ken Chow,Confused devs cant decide what game they want to make.  3 years of early access so far for a game thats so poorly designed filled with memory leaks and endless hackers.  Not fun.
76561198069638742,Recommended,252490,23981975,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Poltergasm,"Rust is the kind of game that can be extremely frustrating playing solo, but a lot of damn fun if you play with a friend. I nearly gave up in the beginning, but I'm glad I didn't. Once I had worked out the mechanics and how to start from fresh every time I died it became a lot more enjoyable.Here's a few tips I hope will help fellow explorers starting out.- Harvest enough wood and stone for a hatchet (you will double your wood income per hit)- Make a map from paper (Useful when exploring, so you can see places you've already been) [optional]- Craft a pickaxe (double your loot from mining rocks)- If I've found no cloth I make a wooden spear to launch at animals. If I have cloth, I'll make a bow instead. Basically I want to make sure I've always got some kind of ranged weapon on me because those animals can run fast, and you want to kill them before they run through a wall, or scale a mountain you can't access.Found a nice area full of wealth? Throw down a sleeping bag in a safe place so you can respawn there when you die (Yeah, not IF you die. When).Be sure to collect mushrooms, pumpkins or any other food source you find along the way. If you don't find any animals for meat, these are good alternatives to keep you going.Try not to eat everything at once, as tempting as it might be when starting out. Exploring takes a lot out on you and you always want to make sure to have reserves if you find a zone with very little food.If you play on a busy server there are generally abandoned campfires all over the place. Save yourself some wood and just use one of those to cook your meat. If you're lucky enough there might even be some leftovers in there for you.Finally, the community is pretty bad in general. Don't trust anyone. Even if they seem friendly at first, they will most likely turn on you. Some guy invited me into his base, locked me in a room for 10 minutes then finally came back and shot me with an ak47. I was completely naked with just a rock, torch and wood on me. There was no need to do that, but they will anyway.If you see someone, run in the opposite direction as fast as you can. If you have a decent weapon, don't run around with it. Have people believe you only possess a rock and they will become overconfident, then pull out your tommy gun and fill them full of holes when they approach.Rust community has a shoot on sight mentality, so keep that in mind always. If you're playing like a paranoid person then you're doing it right.Happy exploring!"
,Recommended,252490,29269258,Posted: 15 January,all,Hound,"Apart from worse online gaming community I have ever seen, it's fun."
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,252490,12611261,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SKINZ,"Awful community, New version of rust is rubbish, so what have they been doing while we all played the""demo""....this???Mods on the forum ban anyone who puts a bad comment about the game, to put it simply this game is going backwards, they have even started stealing things from the forest and 7 days to die because they dont even know wtf they are doing anymore, they are also making a new game while they ""develop"" rust with our money.Overall 5/10."
76561198114873362,Recommended,252490,14087304,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,QuixoticEdam,"FOR ALL YOU PARENTS OUT THERE!RUST is an educational survival game with the aim to teach your child essential life skills such as how to:- Hunt radioactive bears- Be a sucessful burglar- Betray your friends5 RUSTY REASONS TO GET RUST FOR YOUR CHILD:1 - RUST allows the extensive study of both igneous and sedimentary rocks, in a SAFE controlled environment.2 - RUST teaches a wide range of hunting and culinary skills - to the extent of being able to extract chicken meat from a rabbit.3 - RUST teaches and hones advanced architectural skills.4 - RUST trains the memory to identify and analyse key landmarks in the landscape.5 - RUST reveals the truth behind human nature - allowing children to have the realisation of how backstabbing and deceitful humans really are."
76561198030997975,Not Recommended,252490,22091993,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dan1911,Item store on a 3 year early access
,Not Recommended,252490,26534932,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Futtbucker,"* Bear killed me twice, because i guess they can go through walls, so i lost all of my keys and all of my stuff* really buggy* community = 2edgy4me*  literally every server was arguing about politicsawful community + bugs = ggsrsly tho, worst community possible"
,Not Recommended,252490,31551116,Posted: 4 May,all,Devexity,"I've played Rust since Legacy w/ Zombies.  I've been here through all the major changes and the Beta of 'Current Rust'.  I've seen BP system go away, Experience System go away, Component System changes, Explosive Ammo Raiding get nerfed, Raid Towering go away (and then brought back this patch), and I've stuck through it all.However this last patch is a game killer.  My clan of 18 players, which normally has 9 people at a time (half Euro, Half US), has 0 people on right now.  This patch killed the game for not only us, but several of our allied clans that play on other servers.  The ability to thatch onto other people's bases without TC access allows anyone to bypass all security.  It has effectively gotten rid of ""Big Raids"".Normally, our clan would raid 20-ish bases between Thur (wipe day) and Sat.  They were offline for the most part and ""Economy raids"", and then we would find the biggest group on the server to ""Big Online Raid"" on Sunday.  It was fun building massive compounds, towers, and walls and then going out in groups of 4-6 finding trouble or taking down Helis/chasing down Air Drops.  This new change however isn't fun anymore.A group of 3 people can now effectively raid any base they see with very little effort.  All Helk did was change the way people build (instead of tall towers, it would become mathematical formulas for ""width protection vs height protection"".  You'll see double-stack AIDS bases that are 40 rockets to the core and 40 rockets from the ceiling, and it will take a group of 20+ to build it (and not be able to do much manuevering once inside of it...)If Helk had made it so only ladders were placeable within TC range, it wouldn't have been a game killer.  It would have actually been a good change in some regards.  But to be able to place down Thatch to climb up and over any base, is ridiculous.After 4,169 hours in Rust, through all the changes... I'm finally done with Rust.  Maybe this was Helk's intention.  The real money is in mobile games.  Perhaps he is forcing Rust to die out.  In any case, I got my money's worth and met some cool people over the years.  Time to find another game to occupy my time.If Helk removes the thatch building and leaves the ladder placement, I would come back, but it doesn't appear to be his intentions now or ever."
,Recommended,252490,23952837,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Quixxotic,">be me>buy Rust>be a fresh spawn>find endgame guys on the beach>they ask me if I'm new>I say yes>one of them is crouching in front of me and the other is behind me with a crossbow out>they tell me if I want an AK-47>I say yes>crossbow guy proceeds to shoot me>""Trust nobody in Rust."">respawn>I attempt to break a boulder with my rock>a naked woman attacks me with a rock>she actually revives me and gives me bandages>3 HP>she throws her rock at me>""noob"">respawn>19.8 hours later>have a huge base and AK47>the same guys breach in>i come home and they shoot me  and take all of my stuff>respawn at bag>they give my stuff back after they recognize me>the old crossbow guy shoots the other guy in the head and gives me his stuff>""Trust nobody in Rust.""10/10"
,Recommended,252490,22980694,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,東方の黑猫✿,Do NOT buy this game.if you hate PVP and raiders.
,Not Recommended,252490,14113708,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dildo Pete,"I've played Rust more than any other game in my Steam library. It started as one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had, followed by the absolute worst experience I've ever had. Let me explain.Rust ""Legacy"" (the version previous) was a very fun survival game. You had basic loot gathering, a map that took some time to memorize, base building, base raiding, fun PVP combat, crafting, etc. It was not a perfect game, but being ""Early Access"", it was easily the best purchase I made in 2014. And then the new ""experimental"" version was rolled out.The developers decided to completely scrap the old engine and do a rewrite from the ground up. I am a developer and I can appreciate this mindset. However, the new version of Rust is a far cry from what it used to be. The new procedural generated map is a cool idea but it is so incredibly bland. Combat is weird.There are no base raiding mechanics in place other than shooting a player's door down(they've reimplemented raiding with C4). Basic UI features are missing. The new version is an absolute mess and is not very fun at all.A new player looking at the reviews in Steam may be misled into buying it because of the ""Very Positive"" rating it currently holds. BE WARNED - Most of those positive reviews are for LEGACY. You can still play the Legacy version but it is now unmaintained and riddled with hackers and the experience just isn't the same. There is also a very large exploit which allows players to get into bases without having to raid and it is widely abused.It was borderline irresponsible for the developers to push out the old version so quickly and alienate their fanbase. I get that the game is ""Early Access"" and still has a way to go, but they took a step in the wrong direction and I doubt they will be able to get back to what made this game so special.Edit on 3/17/2015: raiding is now in place. Game still not as fun as legacy."
,Not Recommended,252490,25219976,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,XxANiMePROxX,"Hate the player not the game. Well, for this game, the players are the game, and its by far the worst, most cancerous community I have ever encountered in my life. If you dont have a clan of a dozen NEETS to sit here and play 20 hours a day everyday with you, theres no point to it. You run around for 3 hours gathering wood only to get shot dead and looted by a fully geared clan of no lifers. Honestly, half the reason I still play this game is for drops. The other half is just to troll. Ok premise, terrible execution. Save yourself the grind and buy an FPS instead. None of the grind and atleast youll have a chance to shoot back."
,Not Recommended,252490,28382454,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Covenant Turtle,"Game used to be good, but devs have their heads up their arses and can't handle criticism.- Component system is absolute garbage- Grind consistently getting bigger for lesser reward - increased repair costs, crazy decay on bases, components for low tier items- Raiding is nothing but grinding and blasting. No more raid towers, no more arrow raiding, no more soft-siding doors, no more stealing codes while people were changing them/authorising, no more exploiting bad base designs- Early weapons continually nerfed - bow, crossbow, spears, pipe shotgun- Horrendous performance- Animals are still broken- Microtransactions in a paid early-access game - skins thematically inconsistent, and ugly- Dev priorities completely ♥♥♥♥ed - Gun view models? Hemp spacing? Ruining furnace bases? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out new military guns?- Map generation is disgusting, barely any flat land to be found"
76561198034965030,Not Recommended,252490,15928278,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Sploder,"Pros:- Graphics are pretty nice, runs fairly well on my upper medium rig- Building a base with some friends, gathering resources and getting blueprints for weapons is very satisfying- You can occasionally meet someone who won't shoot you on sight, then maybe you'll have a laugh together- The paintable signs are a great idea and add some much needed personal touch to the worldCons:- The community is toxic, ~9/10 people will kill you instantly on sight even if you are a fresh spawn, but whats worse is half of them sound like spoiled 10 yr olds over voip which is extremely annoying- Logging in and seeing your base and all your stuff completely gone just cos you couldn't play for a day is pretty disheartening, so unless you want to be a 24/7 rusthead then don't bother, all you'll get is frustration time and again.- Makes you hate the community, turning you into another kill on sight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cos you're sick of getting shot for no reason, hence the community breeds it's own demise.- Buggy as all hell eg. losing a valuable item cos it fell through the floor / can't kill a boar cos it glitched through a huge rock- Hackers (not to name names but cough *russians* cough)Basically if you want to have a game that you have to dedicate 4 hours a day to AT LEAST then you might enjoy rust, but for me its just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥ sitting in their towers shooting everyone they see, only going outside to shoot more people on sight.Having said that you might want to be one of those people, and it can be really good fun don't get me wrong. I just want you to be a little more knowledgeable about what you're getting with rust, which is what a review should be."
,Recommended,252490,18881279,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pretermit,"Fun Fact:  Go to 0:15 in the trailer, the other guy is me. This trailer was made byScardigne, the devs thought was good enough to use as the game's main trailer. This shows you how community oriented this game really is.Rust's Features as of December 2015 (Devblog 88)-Manual Resource gathering.- Using tools to hit Trees, Ore nodes or Oil Barrels-Automated Resource gathering.- Building Quarries to mine ore automatically.-Home Design- Creativity and strategy are strongly encouraged.-Tiers of commodities-  Deployables , building materials, armor, weapons, tools, blueprints-Clothing system- Shirts, Boots, Pants, Bandannas, Balaclavas, Hats-Devblogs- Devs keep you updated and discuss every major update.-Community Showcases- Every week, get your work featured for everyone to see!-Skins system- Workshop, SDK and Steam Market - For Clothing, Weapons and Deployables-Environmental factors- Weather, Temperature, Dryness, Radiation-Weapons- Rifles, Pistols, LMGs, Bows, Crossbows, Spears, Knives, Swords, Maces, etc-Weapon Attachments- Silencers, Holographic Sights-Boss NPCs- Rewards teamwork (Heavily armed Helicopters)-Player-built structures are fully destructible to anyone with the tools to do so.-Slot based Inventory system- Excess must be stored in storage containers.-Defensive Tools- Autoturrets, Traps, Mines, Wood Spikes, Spike Barricades, Stone Walls, Wood Walls & Gates-Offensive Tools- Rocket Launchers, C4 Explosive Charges, Grenades, Explosive Ammo-Raiding requires planning, strategy and vulnerability assessment.-Defending requires strategy and damage control proficiencies.-Ammo types- Incendiary, High Velocity, Explosive, Regular-Day and Night Cycle- Along with appropriate environmental changes.-Procedural maps and resource spawns.-Sign Painting- Show off your work to others!-Voice chat-  Will make your character's mouth move according to what you say.-Airdrops- They fall randomly and are nearly always contested due to their high risk high reward status.-Blueprint system- Collect fragments and upgrade them to better tiers as to reveal better quality blueprints-Player Death- You lose what you carry/wear when you die, but not the blueprints you have already learnt.-Physics and projectile physics- Throwing a rock, spear, hatchet, using a bow, crossbow, firing a gun, etc-Metabolism- Hunger, Thirst-Secret Stashes to hide your loot.-Sleeping Bags spawns- These can be given to friends to ease playing together.-Freelook- Look around while doing stuff.-Fully configurable keybindings-No combat logging- your character goes to ""sleep"" when you disconnect. You can still be killed and looted.-Modded and Normal Servers- Choose one depending on your playstyle.*REMINDER: Features subject to change with each update, checkhttp://playrust.com/for latest information*GameplayYou spawn in with a Torch and a Rock. From there you try to gather as many resources as you can. This is a game in which resources are key so acquiring them by any means necessary is fair game. Yes, that means you can kill the guy farming a tree for 5 minutes and take all his hard work. Or you can be killed by a guy while you're farming and subsequently lose all your hard work...or kill the guy farming then get killed by another guy. That is why you always want to use move around and look around while farming. To make sure you do not lose all of your resources, you must invest them into making a house. No house is ever 100% secure as enough explosives will break through just about anything. Clans are difficult to fight, but nothing is stopping you from gaining their trust, and then completely destroying them from the inside out. There is no such thing as ""morally wrong"" in Rust. You do what you must to survive, and survive what you must to continue doing so.As for progress, how much have you hoarded so far and how many blueprints have you learned? The more you have learned - the more you have progressed. Eventually you will have all the blueprints studied - and you will have nothing better to do. At this point most clans just start wars with each other - this is the type of stuff you see inRaid cams. On most vanilla servers you will have blueprint wipe cycles the first of every month so all your blueprint progress is reset- and map wipes weekly or every two weeks whereas the map is cleaned of all houses and sleepers, without touching players' blueprint progress.  If you fancy permanent blueprint progression, less grinding or any other variation on normal gameplay - you are always free to play on modded servers that each offer their own mix of mods.This game can be very unforgiving, but it is ultimately up to the player to decide whether or not they will persevere through the hardships and turn the tides of battle to their favor."
,Not Recommended,252490,22384009,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,beeevaa,"The community ruins this game. You work really hard for hours, finally unlock something cool, walk outside to chase down a deer for cloth, and someone just shoots you from half a mile away for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason.Not to mention every second word is ""Fa**ot"" and eveyr server has a player named Hitler and there's swastikas all over the place. This game attracts the most immature, pathetic teenage boys on the internet for some reason."
76561198071637198,Recommended,252490,23611026,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,UGLY POTATOZ,Me-Gets RUST-Plugs guitar in as a mic-Plays guitar for a bit-Gets taken hostage to play songs for some group on the server.11/10 would be taken as a forced guitarist again
76561198062824258,Not Recommended,252490,33913497,Posted: 30 July,all,cgk239,"Overall Fun game but all of the recent changes have all been down hill. Please fix.Hard to get started.Hard to play solo.I disliked when they made it that you can build twig structures to build in other peoples building priv areas.I agree with ladders being able to do this.With it being so easy and cheap to raid by using twig, it makes high walls useless. Which in turn makes quarrys usless.Once again, ladders are okay because they cost rope and you would need alot of rope and wood to raid. (TAKE AWAY the TWIG RAIDING)I am not a fan on the new ""hints"" they stay on the screen too long and I did not see a way to turn them off.Very very time consuming = Building decay is extremely fast. (must play ever 24 hours and open and shut a door on each of your buildings or it will lose HP.)Overall a very fun game. Extremely hard. You will die alot. The community is pretty toxic,  but if you can find a group to play with and trust, it can be fun."
76561198000567511,Not Recommended,252490,8493735,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sheckelbergstein,"A truely amazing game! for an alpha it almost feels like a fully released game very fun to survive with your friends explore and set up a base or home somewhere secluded, and then come the hackers and griefers. Speedhacking, flying, teleporting, spawning thousands of c4 in to lag the server out, spawning with the best imaginable gear, god moded players who leap all around the map and kill all players as fast as possible, when that becomes tiring they simply ddos the server and make it crash, Stay in your home? it'll get blown up and everything that you worked for is gone, Hackers will frequently teleport inside kill you and blow everything you had up. Leave to get supplies? same thing, Log off for the night? expect to log back in with the same thing. Try to hide from them? good luck they know where you are at all times, kill you through solid objects rocks metal walls ect. wanna fight back? expect to only be shot in the head via aimbotsThe worst thing of all is the producers have not even awknowledged that this is a problem and have done absolutely nothing to help (besides the case of all servers being ddos'd at once,Steam anticheat? if you like players banned only after several months of continually doing this then go right ahead and keep telling yourself it worksHackers banned? They simply generate another game key and hop right back in to do the exact same thing constantly.In conclusion, the game is amazing and almost feels like an entire completed game even though its only in alpha, admins and private servers would greatly assist the hacking issue and keep it lowered as with hackers around, easily makes this one of the worst games on steam, I will be redownloading at a later date once this issue is taken care of, Truely a waste of several days of my time as well as 40$ to try and enjoy it with some friends.DO NOT BUY TILL THE HACKER PROBLEM IS AT LEAST AWKNOWLEDGED!"
,Not Recommended,252490,28173276,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Default_Sound,"Worst community you can meet in the whole galaxy! I don't understand why the devs are so proud of a so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ playerbase. Even in DayZ you dont have a playerbase which is so a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like in this game.================I don't understand why people feel indignant about ""Hatred"", were you play a killer who kills people just for fun. When you can do the same in Rust? Manhunt on you, just for fun? No problem Rust can help you."
,Recommended,252490,13049193,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Paulio,"I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugar1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot."
76561198087029116,Recommended,252490,33155230,Posted: 2 July,all,Palmeolje,Awesome.Naked people scare me though.
,Not Recommended,252490,15438361,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,HigAF,"After putting in about 1500 hours in this game here is my general synopsis. Garry and Facepunch have found an awesome model for revenue stream. Riding on the coattails of Valve, these non-programmers turned game developers have used 20 year old techology and recenly have tried to put ""lipstick on the pig,"" so to speak.This group has never heard of things like testing on the development server, process engineering, or menial things such as making milestones to try to achieve goals like getting out of the alpha stage. Their model to stay in alpha leaves them lots of room to make knee-jerk changes with little forethough, documentation, testing, among the few, and say, ""it's in alpha...""So after 1500 horus I can tell you, it is a non-polished, buggy, broken pvp game, with little or no objectives. The PVE elements are mostly broken.  The tree graphics are laughable. I can go on and on about the short comings of the game.The positive is it can be addictive when it comes to building, but honestly the building engine is fair at best and very broken. The terrain can be nice other than the laughable trees which look like 8 bit nintendo all over again from a distance of 150m in game.The phsycis engine is horrible, and there has been no mention to change it. However, they do hang their hat on metrics like; stability, etc...Too simple, it will never be finished,Don't waste your money/time."
76561198093039723,Recommended,252490,17612097,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,"Vladimir ""Rook"" Lenin",This game showed me never to trust any naked man ever.......
,Not Recommended,252490,29088385,Posted: 7 January,all,masK,"After years of developing this game is getting worse and worse! Used to be really fun, now is unplayable in my opinion. You have to grind A LOT to get few resources, also they are very very rare nowadays (even in just wiped servers). Animals are still few and broken, but hey, there is plenty of day 1 full armored people with guns and c4 that kill on sight! Worst community ever, awful and frustrating gameplay: Leave this title on its shelf and go on."
76561198202501920,Not Recommended,252490,28961532,Posted: 2 January,all,☛Branducci☚,"It pains me to write a negative review for this game.  It WAS good but now its a community full of kos and♥♥♥♥♥♥people.  Old rust (not legacy, just rust a few years ago) was a more fun game.  People where a lot nicer, less groups of 10 that had aks first day, a lot better I would say.  Unless you have a large group of friends to play with or the game is on sale, I would say not to buy it."
76561198093966016,Not Recommended,252490,23030609,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,AVaLaNcHE,"The video trailer forgot to add a few things...1. Gather Resources2. Get SHOT by player on sight. Repeat Step 13. Craft new tools4. GET SHOT. repeat step 1 and 35. Chase WIldlife6. Build a fire7. Get Shot (why would you build a fire? Oh my sweet summer child, everyone will flock to you and kill you.) repeat all past steps.8. Lay your foundation9. Get raided and killed.10. Rebuild base and get shot in the process.11. Rebuild and get raided.12. Rebuild and enjoy your home (for 1 day tops)13. Make Friends wait, this is RUST YOU DON'T MAKE FRIENDS! THEY LIED!14. Get Shot trying to make firends.15. So called, ""Friends"" track you back to your base and trap you inside for 3 hours and then blow it up.16. Rebuild base.17. Try to get an airdrop then get shot, blown up, bludgeoned, and shot again all at once since everybody wants it.18. Rebuild base again, Let's face it, it was destroyed and raided again.19. Craft new weapons and lose them upon immediate death afterwords.20. Make Enemies.21. Make Enemies.22. Make Enemies.23. Make Enemies.24. Make Enemies.25. Be hunted by Ninja Bears (this is actually not THAT frustrating in my experience)26. GET SHOT AGAIN.The gameplay I would give a 7 or 8 out of 10 which is great for an alpha, but factor in the playerbase and it drops to 2/10 no way it would be higher.Think back to when some school bully would beat you up, steal whatever cash you had on you, and spit in your face. EVERY DAY. That is 90 to 93% of RUST's Playerbase. I have been playing since Legacy and it hasn't changed. People are 90% KOS (Kill On Sight) players. Everyone will try to ruin you day no matter how big or how small. I am NOT joking when I say the ENTIRE Playerbase are bullies. THERE ARE NO FRIENDS in this game. People legitamately want to STOP YOU FROM PLAYING THE GAME. They take joy in trying to run people off of servers and every server is identical.My friends are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they wasted their money on a game where they thought they could build a community.THERE IS NO PvETHERE IS ONLY PvPGameplay is great but the Playerbase demolishes whatever fun you may have. You run into people a lot and they will kill you, destroy your base, and try to run you off of the server. BE WARNED."
76561198086473205,Recommended,252490,18842778,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Trash Man,The only game I atually bought after successfully pirating it.
76561198157465518,Not Recommended,252490,16040777,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,kkkken,"I am sure that the RUST group has been working hard to detect cheaters and ban them, but unfortunately hacking still exists and the players who don't cheat suffer from this.可以肯定的是RUST游戏组一直致力于对抗挂逼，但不幸的是，挂逼依然存在而且威胁着不开挂的玩家的游戏体验。I will not agree that RUST is a good game, unless all hackers are banned and never play RUST again.除非所有挂逼被就地正法，否则我不会同意RUST是一个好游戏。Now I seriously report a hacker in Official Hong Kong Server, who has been doing everything a hacker can do: auto aiming, run really fast, super jump, see clearly in the dark...most importantly, he has been cheating for over 4000 hrs!现在我严肃的举报香港官方服务器的一个挂逼，他自动瞄准，瞬移，超级跳，夜视，最重要的是他已经开挂玩了4000小时。His ID is TOP.他的ID是TOP。Everyone in Official HK Server should know his name, for being the greatest hacker of all time.每一个在香港官服玩过的人都知道这个史上最牛逼大挂逼。Can you imagine being headshoted 100 times, 10 miles away, by one player?你能想象被同一个人在十万八千里爆头一百多次吗？Can you imagine someone who just got killed comes back in 10 seconds?你能想象一个人刚被射死，10秒以后又回来吗？How would you feel if your base, which you have been tending for a week, got raided by these hackers?如果你悉心照料一周的房子被挂逼草掉了，你会怎么想？WE RE NOT PLAYING THE SAME GAAAAAME!!!!! IT IS NOT FAIR!!!我们玩的就不是他妈的同一个游戏！这他妈的不公平！Hope you(Steam and RUST group) can do something about this TOP, and all hackers.希望你们（Steam和RUST游戏组）能做点事情，关于TOP以及其他所有挂逼。Guess how many players will agree with me on this?猜猜会有多少玩家同意我说的？This game is surely a game worth buying, if there are no hackers.这个游戏是一个很值得入手的游戏，如果没有挂逼的话。"
,Recommended,252490,16884894,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,i love you all,"After a few dozen times you have been raided, you will start to understand what this game really is about.Rust will teach you a lot about the futility of materialism: is it really such good news to have half-a-dozen furnaces working day and night, when this means your house will be the target of every raider in the region?You will also learn to keep a stoic calm during the harshest of times, because no matter how well-off you are, how many weapons you own, or how impenetrable your house is: you can lose everything in minutes, and you will have to rebuild everything more than once. The better you understand that no one or nothing is truly safe anywhere, the more relaxed your play through will be.The game is updated on a regular basis, and this version is already smooth to play. Never mind the complete wipes, the bugs (that can be an issue in some cases), and an overall rough community, Rust is and will be a great game."
,Not Recommended,252490,14587877,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Foamy,"UPDATE: I started playing again when XP gave some chance of actually surviving against the wild hordes of foul-mouthed children with poor hygiene. THen they got rid of XP, for a much more nebulous ""Component"" system. Like everything since Legacy, FacePunch has no idea how to stick to one idea. This game changes every few months, and sucks every time. I have no reason to update my negative review. I wish I could rate it lower.Some of you will no doubt point out, like peripatic mouthbreathers, that someone who has played in excess of 2400 hrs clearly doesnt hate the game. But I do. I loathe it. I hope the developers develop cancer. I tried for over a thousand hours to like it in legacy. For good measure, I spent another 500 trying to like it when they released random maps. Ive spent the last 4 months trying to like the XP system. Ive given each and every update a fair amount of time attempting, desperately wanting this game not to suck. It's gorgeous, now... but gameplay blows. Got 15 friends with no lives to play with, all of which haven't discovered good games? Rust will be great for you as you steamroll everyone else in a game with the depth of a Georgia kiddie pool. Everyone else? Its STILL not worth a Steam sale. I doubt they will accept it, but I wonder if I can get a refund at this late hour.********After over 1200 hours, the admin seem dedicated to making the game graphically awesome, and ruining gameplay. It is as if, having bailed on another zombie game, they attempted to convert a sandbox game into a free-for-all deathmatch. You will be killed for virtually no reason at any time and then insulted over public chat for daring to suggest this might not be very fun for you.But 1200 hours, you say? Well, yes, when Rust first emerged it was challenging yet after a medium learning curve was manageable. I stop in for a few hours every month, and I am less and less impressed. The ""game"" itself continues to improve... and yet is less and less fun every time I play. Expect to spend upwards of 20 hours gathering resources over and over, only to be murdered for them. Expect another 20 trying to find ""blueprints"" (The new ""spin"" to try to reenage players with this garbage heap) and then not finding anything useful, literally having to suicide to get a new rock to mine more rock. Sound fun? Maybe if your choice is between this and Flappy Bird, yeah.Rust is rapidly becoming what WoW became: Trolling children, homophobic insults and ranting, and new players being abused and crushed for the enjoyment of the people who are ""regulars"". Id beg for a refund if game developers (In particular, Garry) weren't greedy self-important narcissists.0/10Save your money. Get a coffee for some homeless guy. He will likely appreciate it more than Facepunch cares about your enjoyment of their ""product""."
76561198031621737,Not Recommended,252490,34427221,Posted: 22 August,all,Sploojy,"I must be a masochist because while I hate the toxic kill on site behavior of most players, the impossibility of playing solo and the incessant ""wipes,"" I still continue to play.But now that I've played awhile and have discovered most of what is discoverable (which is pretty limited), I'm about to quit...being eaten by a bear which materializes out of thin air or getting sniped by someone who has a high powered rifle when you only have a rock is just no fun.Plus, how can this game be ""early access"" after four years...c'mon."
,Not Recommended,252490,22416474,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Attila Gorilla,"No No No! This game used to be so great. Now, between the toxic community of angry 12 yr olds, and a developer who thinks he's a sociologist instead of a game developer, it's just an exercise in frustration. I am a middle aged white man in real life. I logged in to my game the other day to find out that I am now an Asian woman, which would be fine if 90% of the player base weren't spastic children. I was able to play relatively unharrassed before. The last game session consisted of me running for my life from a pack of 12 yr olds who wanted to &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥the chink"". I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Gary Newman's attempt to make me ""empathize with the downtrodden"". I just want to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game that I payed for in peace. If you're looking to be trolled by the developer of the game, Rust is for you. If not, AVOID."
,Recommended,252490,9191163,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Niall Snipars,it's k
,Recommended,252490,28161294,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,-=IKB=-,"Rust is a good and my favourite survival game.Graphics are quite good. There are a lot of servers, and there is a voice chat, so you can easily communicate with other players.The game is still bugged for example animals can penetrate through stones.After the first log on a server, first you have to get some wood and stone and craft necessary tools like hatchet and axe. After that, you can build your first base. Bases can be made of wood, stone and they can be even armoured. At the beginning, you will probably use weapons like bow, crossbow, spear which you can easily get but there are also weapons which are difficult to get, like for example AK47. Weapons can be used against other players and also on animals. Some animals will run away from you, but animals like bears and wolfs will try to kill you. A lot of players will try to kill you as well, so be careful. There are a lot of hoodies, jackets, pants and other attires. There are also attires that will make you stronger, like vests, helmets, etc. In Game there are rad towns and in them there are barrels and crates. In barrels and crates there are weapons, tools and food. Every now and then your character needs to eat and drink. You can eat meat from animals or chocolates and bars which you can get from mentioned above barrels and crates.OverallRust is the best survival game I have ever played. It's still bugged, but I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,252490,24039549,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ÐÜNË | MrEsq,"Don't play rust. Rust is a game made for people over the age of 18, and is dominated by people under the age of 18, who have no job, and all the free time in the world. I've put a boatload of effort into rust, and this is essentially what you can expect:-Over half the content in this game is worthless on 99% of servers if you aren't playing 3+ people.-If you have a job you're just wasting money buying Rust. If you (and/or your group) don't have at least 2-3 people who can play actively during the day, there is no way you can keep your♥♥♥♥♥♥safe, irrelevant to how big you build your base.-Long♥♥♥♥♥periods of AFK crafting items, and working your♥♥♥♥♥off just to gather resources, which you'll probably die before you can secure unless you play in a low pop server, or past like midnight. In the 830 ""hours"" I've put into rust,  less than 20 hours has been spent doing anything actually fun and exciting. Most of it has simply been gathering materials and building a base to keep said materials to try and prepare to do something fun. But any time you have a large stockpile of equipment, you're going to get raided. I guarantee it.-100% of what you do in Rust is high risk, but unless you're running with a huge squad is incrdibly low reward.-A bunch of people accusing you (Or a member of your group) of hacking. Honestly, in my experience, they are probably right too. It's pretty common for people to wait til late night to use things like ESP (the ability to see all items, enemy players, and what their names are from basically any area) to find and steal all your♥♥♥♥♥♥ As well people take the lengths to purchase hacks, make alternative accounts to run them safely (and on almost all servers it won't get their main accounts banned) who go around and scout bases to see whats inside so that they can raid you.-on official servers, most everything is over crowded, and everything is still dominated by a large few. On modded servers, everyone has the same size bases usually, and its still dominated by a large few, but everyone just sits in their base and shoots at you with bolt action rifles.It's really unfortunate, because honestly the game visuals are phenominal. Ambient sounds, environment, and everything is fantastic. The Dev's are really awesome, and they work hard, and are one of the best dev teams at updating both their game, and the player base. the problem is it's just a full time job more than a game. If you can't (Or don't have at least 2-3 friends) who can actively play 4-8 hours a day, you'll probably never get anything done. Oh and the community is essentially toxic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for 99% of the time, which to a degree is pretty fun when you're in a server with no large clans/groups. Unfortunately you would be better off trying to find a dolphin who speaks English. It just takes way too much effort to play.For example: The most efficient way to raid a large base is usually with rockets. It takes 4 rockets to destroy 1 wall. Unless you hit perfect corners, in which case you can destroy up to 4 walls with 4 rockets. That cost 40 explosives. To get 40 explosives you need about 2,000 gun powder. 2,000 gun powder requires 4,000 sulfur and 6,000 charcoal. The cost of 6,000 charcoal is roughly 8,000 burned logs, or about 12 trees chopped down. You get like 450 or so sulfur per rock that you mine. So about 10 rocks worth. Plus probably a couple hours worth of waiting, for the smelting. Now you can increase efficiency by using large furnaces, or huge quantities of small ones. All of which costs a lot of time and resources to safely protect/secure, and use. Which is more effort. You do have other options such as taking down the helicoptor that appears roughly once every hour, and has random loot. The issue again, impossible to do alone (Shooting it down is easy, but getting the loot without distracting half a maps worth of people gearing up to try and take it from you is different though) you can also try to loot randomly at monuments, but the drop rates for raid equipment is incredibly low, and entirely luck based not only in finding the barrels/crate spawns, but also in what you get out of them.So if you don't have friends (and most of you ♥♥♥♥s don't) and you have a job. Not the game for you."
,Recommended,252490,8444909,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shiranui,"9/10 in design, 20/10Got betrayed by someone who I thought was my friend, besides that no hostiles:D\Thank you rust communityEDIT: I'm not saying that bandits are bad, I just originally wrote this review because it was nothing more than a massive deathmatch at points, so I got annoyed and wrote this."
,Not Recommended,252490,22368909,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BloodJoker,"horrible community and a developer that LITERALY tells his consumers ""if you dont like it play a different game"" when they make changes that make the MAJORITY of the playerbase upset AFTER we've given them money?..... AND also halts the majority of development on this game? what more COULDN'T you want?if only i could refund this game......."
76561197992666235,Not Recommended,252490,17547968,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Virilitas,"Do you have faith in humanity and like to help your fellow man? Is your glass always half-full? Do you go out of your way to have a positive influence on the lives around you? Are you fulfilled by helping others accomplish their dreams?Rust isn't for you.I would recommend this game to those who have a positive outlook on life and wish to change that. Playing this game breeds hatred and rage in the hearts of man. As hard as you try, you will inevitably lose your life to other players. Not only that, hours of your life will be flushed away by the greed and hatred of others. It will happen again and again, each time slowly eroding your patience, kindness, generosity, and goodwill. Eventually, you too will become a parasitic beast eager only to smash skulls in with your rock and torch. Eager to grind your naked buttocks on their lifeless corpse in celebration as you spread the hatred this game has instilled in you.Recommend this game to your enemies. If you play it with your friends, they'll soon be your enemies too."
,Not Recommended,252490,16447493,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Blinky,"Buy this game if:-You have no life and can play 24/7-Love being told you suck because you couldn't kill an armored guy with a rifle when all you have is a rock-Love feeling like you are staring directly into the sun because the colors and contrast in this game are so awful-You have a group of atleast 6 other people who hate themselves enough to buy this game-Love laggy gameplay with horrible hit detectionAnd no I don't simply hate these kind of games, I really loved legacy Rust. But this new version is absolutely unbearable to try to play solo.  Bases are INCREDIBLY easy to raid, they added a bunch of idiotic systems like the use of keys for doors, and they made finding blueprints and guns a complete chore.  Meanwhile you just have 5-6 full armored guys with guns roaming the map like a death squad murdering nakeds.  There is honestly no point playing this game if you are going to play alone, the community is cancer and thanks to the new update the game is just as terrible to match."
,Recommended,252490,17450336,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,anikin,"Me and 3 friends join a server, locate eachother.We form a tribe called the Long Dongs, we aren't allowed to wear pants.We build a house called the Donghouse.We paint signs of our dongs on the side of the house.We play a satanic ritual on our acoustic guitar.We get raided by Ron Burgundy.10/10 would be a dong again"
,Not Recommended,252490,20464797,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Forekast,"240 some hours of my life that I really do regret.  This game is the biggest time sink I've experienced in a long while.  But let me sum it up for you:- Work really hard to gather resources and build a base that's heavily protected.- Get griefed while offline, all your stuff is gone, all your time invested gone.- Repeat first point.- Server wipe the next day.  All work gone.Unless you seriously plan to camp out at your base 24/7 (as in, you have no life) - then you're gonna get raided, constantly.To the people who might say ""That's the point of the game"" - great, fine, dandy.  But this is my recommendation, and I simply cannot recommend this game to anybody.  I genuinely regret my time in this garbage.The devs are all over the place, constantly adding pointless new content but yet they don't have a long term goal or even a game scope in place.  This game is destined to be in early access forever.  Sadly, people continue to buy it, so it will continue to be super popular.Skip this title, go for something else.  Your time will be better invested that way."
76561198007376287,Recommended,252490,9035640,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ｇ  ｕ  ｆ  ｆ  ｙ,"Gather naked commrades, let us build a magnificent fortress, run from crazy kevlar bandits, fight mutated red bears and bash our enemies with our bloody blunt rocks !11/10"
,Recommended,252490,28731493,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LGND 27,"So when I originally bought this game I really didn't understand how to play it, so it pretty much just sat in my library untouched. After about a year I decided to learn to play, although with no help from the toxic community, I learned from my brother who has a few hundred hours put in.  It wasn't easy at first and learning to build a pretty well fortified base, it took time. 3 weeks ago I had barely 20 mins played. To this day I have almost hit 100 hrs.Here are some things I've learned:-Base building takes time to perfect, get on a server that does full wipes every few weeks, and learn from your mistakes each wipe.-People are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, if they think you have useful gear, they will kill you.-Get thick skin! people will kill you, take your stuff, and then wait for you to come back to kill you again.-Learn from people, not everyone is an♥♥♥♥♥ some are looking for people to join up with.-Power is in numbers, clans are big in Rust though they do have solo servers.-Finally, the game is in Alpha, it's not perfect. If you're having trouble with FPS drops try lowering your settings quality, its not your graphics card, it's the game. (my♥♥♥♥♥♥looks like minecraft sometimes and I get 100+ frames.)"
,Not Recommended,252490,9350476,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,DevilTyphoon,"I played this game for 167 hours..I think i am ready to write something....ok. This is a GOOD game, You can collect resources, build your own castle, craft your own equipment...weekly updates. Make attention, i suggest to play this game with friend because in the first few hours you will be raided and killed many times, unless you enter a clan that can gift you some weapon and leather/kevlar equipment.What is the problem that force me to not to recommend it? Simple, this game is FULL of hackers of every kind...you will meet aimbotters, wallhackers, door hackers and the couple of anticheat ""cheatpunch + VAC"", don't help in any way because they have been bypassed immediately. Many times hackers forced the admins to wipe the server...First time you say ""pacience! I start again"", Second time ""Oh no again"".. Third Time you will take a break from the game for some days. Fourth time ""UNISTALL"" as i have done...Unless the game is not cleaned from cheaters, i think it will die before his definitive version..."
76561197979095455,Not Recommended,252490,8266672,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Caboolture_bogan,great game UNFORANTLY EVERY LITTLE KID IS RUNNING AROUND WITH HACKS COMING OUT THERE EAR HOLES AIM HACKS WALL HACKS INVSI HACKS
,Not Recommended,252490,8489059,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,^2IoveIy 🍂,"Impossible to play, whatsoever. No guide in the game, any attempts to find other players get hampered by zombies and radiation with radiation being placed between any possible passageway, zombies having an infinite range of vision once initially detected and darkness appearing without any remannt lighting to work.If you really, REALLY are prepared to get into this game despite horrible first experiences, buy it; otherwise, don't."
,Recommended,252490,15847476,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,haih_ys,"Joins a server, Gets KilledAttempt to cut down a tree, Gets KilledAttempt to craft tools, Gets KilledAttempt to kill a animal to make a sleeping bag, Gets KilledAttempt to make some friends, Gets KilledAttempt to get a airdrop, Gets KilledAttemps to get new weapons, Gets KilledAttempt to raid a base by myself, Gets Killed"
76561198120416269,Not Recommended,252490,32259340,Posted: 7 June,all,Smuc Muck,If the community wasn't a literal tumor it would be fun
,Not Recommended,252490,33946876,Posted: 1 August,all,Flare,"Rust to me started off as a good game, I started back during the Blueprint days, it was simple and it made the game more fun and interesting in my honest opinion, it gave people a reason to stay because it encouraged people to go out and find blueprints for things like guns and armor pieces and whatnot, then XP came along and it made clans even more powerful because if you were Solo when a wipe happened, you were ♥♥♥♥ed because the second you get onto a server with a top clan? They'd already have AK's and full armor by 2 hours later where as you'd have a measly little waterpipe and a ♥♥♥♥♥hack to boot after 4 hours of grinding materials.Rust was fun to me, Rust used to be the game I turned to whenever I looked at games like ARK, now it just became the new ARK, where clans are encouraged and you can never have the fun you were able to have before with just like 2-3 people, gunplay, the game and the community have turned to crap.Unless this game goes on sale and you can withstand the salt of your own self, or the team can somehow bring this game back from the state it's in, I highly recommend not buying Rust, ever, this game used to be something, now it's just a cesspool of screaming kiddies and racist old bags of crap."
,Not Recommended,252490,31732267,Posted: 13 May,all,Arceal,I will play it again when they remove the twig update.
76561198030162285,Recommended,252490,30581647,Posted: 17 March,all,www.twitch.tv/UncleSwedge,"In Rust's wild west online frontier of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and nudity, violence and death, obscenity, screaming, silly voices, verbal abuse, personal attacks, salt, cruelty, betrayal, exploitation, darkness and catharsis, mental health issues,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, Nazi imagery, racism, fringe-politics, drug culture, memes, resource-grinding, hacking, bugs, absurdity, loss, disappointment, and meaninglessness, you will find moments of hilarity, technical-skill, creativity, ingenuity, art, mastery, problem-solving, self-discipline, patience, resilience, nature, beauty, tranquility, philosophy, architectural-talent, strategic-thinking, diplomacy, political intrigue, community, trust, friendship, and moments of great kindness.Rust is a life simulator.So you will find yourself."
76561198026894235,Not Recommended,252490,8510145,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Slovak DenvelopE,"Lot of cheaters , playing normal , build house , someone come and kill you with aimbot , If they do Anti Cheat , It wil lbe good game , This anticheat which they now have is fake ....No Admins on servers , 0% Support of Admins , and when u write to hem they are offensive , Really I gave them 19 euro for nothing"
,Not Recommended,252490,33989553,Posted: 3 August,all,cAn I eAt yOuR aSS???,"Started playing Rust a while back (maybe 3.5 years ago) on what is now called legacy. I really want to say i love this game even after all the efforts the devs went through to make it what is but i just cant. Rust has changed too much since legacy. The old Rust was so simplistic and original which in my opinion made it very popular and fun. The old rust graphics were more realistic and less cartoony, the old music was more ambient, the blueprint crafting system was better overall and the old spray patterns required more skill and so on. Rust today has become very complicated and clan based to a point where its unplayable just going solo. Its very sad too see a game which i put almost 300hrs turn to this :( One day i hope the devs bring these things back."
,Recommended,252490,12477734,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Bidrav,some one stole from me while i slept i awoke to see his naked body standing over me  ..when i got up he ran  i did not..i pulled out my bow  and now i have my things back + more...thank u naked stranger...now i sleep w my doors locked10/10
,Not Recommended,252490,14441808,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,VerticalTaco,"""Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.""If you enjoy repetition and frustration or if you have nothing else to do with your time but ruin other people's game experience this is the perfect game for you! If you’re looking for a game that offers stability and doesn’t require constant tending, pass on this game.First of all the game is still early access and seems to be rather far from being finished. There's weekly updates that require the servers to be wiped clean so even if you don't get robbed blind by other players you will still lose all your progress every week. However, that isn't much of a problem since the main objective of Rust seems to be to break into as many people's bases as possible and hoard as much of their stuff as you can. To top it off when you log out your body lays sleeping unprotected on the ground, so even the things in your pocket aren’t safe. Yes, there are a few honest players that want nothing more than to gather resources the honest way. However these people are few and far between. Even the friendliest public servers are packed with scavengers looking to make a quick score. If you’re just looking for a game to build or a game to gather resources in, stick to another game. (Unless that is, you enjoy the repetition of re-gathering all your resources weekly at best.)Second, gameplay is buggy at best. Every update fixes one thing and breaks a dozen more.http://i.imgur.com/HTisMpC.jpg← Pretty much sums it up. The team seems to be more preoccupied with retouching textures and models each week than they are with fixing known issues. But hey, at least one team is consistent. Kudos, texture artists and modelers of Rust! If updates were put off to perhaps once a month, included larger fixes & were better tested and refined that in itself would make Rust slightly more bearable.Third, it is WAY too easy to be raided. There is no such thing as a raid-proof house in Rust and the glitches that pop up and the cheats that people come up with only make it easier. I found it tiring to spend hours to gather resource and build a house just to have it broken down, find myself dead and all my supplies missing each time I logged in. This is where the insanity of expecting a different result comes into play.The best part of Rust for me is that I get to walk around with my junk hanging out, since I don’t get to do that in RL. Mostly because I don’t have manly-bits in RL. Everyone is a man in Rust and most of those men look exactly the same since even clothing options are limited. It doesn’t bother me and I often joke about it, but it does make it harder to tell one person from another. There’s no form of character customization so telling one person from another at a distance is often limited to asking them to jump twice or flicker their torch.I do understand this is E.A. and you take that chance when you buy an early access game. I will say though that Rust is the reason I have not bought and will not buy another E.A. game. If repetition and senseless violence and hoarding is your thing, give Rust a try. If not, I hear Minecraft is real nice this time of year."
,Recommended,252490,23400849,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Andrew! ツ,-Wakes up on a beach-Walks 5m and dies from gunfire-Wakes up on a beach-Walks 10m-Chops down a tree-Gets beaten by a naked kid with a rock-Wakes Up on A Beach-Dies From a bear-Wakes up on a beach10/10 Would wake up on a beach again
,Not Recommended,252490,17560107,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,gay boi from outerspace,"Of the games like this, DayZ, 7 Days, etc. this is the best. But there is a fundamental flaw with this type of game which is that unless you plan on playing 24 hours per day, everything you do will be for nothing. Your base will be raided when you log off, regardless of whether it takes a few hours, few days, few weeks. There is nothing you can do to stop it. This would be fine if it didn't take so much time and effort to build a base. Also, even if you do make a nearly unraidable base, a hacker will eventually screw you over anyway. All in all, this is basically just a deathmatch FPS with some crafting thrown in."
76561198025958893,Not Recommended,252490,22359105,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,sumonebetter,"Two words.  ****** Community.  Unless you wanna burn 20 bucks, go play the Arma 3 mods for a survival fix.  Far better people.  Sad there are so many losers on Rust."
76561198092743071,Not Recommended,252490,12475126,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,<Scrubberz>,"Developers decided to change entire engine, wasted time trying to make it look good, now BOTH versions of the game are a mess. Used to love the game but now its clear that the game will take another 5 years to even remotely be as fun as it used to be."
76561198113635523,Not Recommended,252490,31563361,Posted: 5 May,all,CanadianHussar,"The latest patch is cancer. You guys literally broke the game. All you need to do now is wait for them to go offline and walk in. Were you drunk when you made this patch? Twig and ladders can be built on ""Building blocked"" okay sure, when they're online but as soon as they go offline you just build and walk in.. Congrats Facepunch, you played yourself."
76561198088232087,Recommended,252490,12415710,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Luthious,Hears random footsteps outside my shelter. Guy tells me that he will send his wild men after me. Few minutes later 5 or 6 men break down my door. Kills me and take all my stuff.10/10 Would be terrified again.
,Recommended,252490,17531547,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Greeber,"i was playing by myself and paired up with another naked guy and we met some dudes and i asked them if they knew any good rocks and they led us to one, after we mined it they killed us and stole all of our rocks."
,Recommended,252490,19867382,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[СCСР☭]Gasmask mun,"*someone coming into my base*me using voice chat: I will sit here and ♥♥♥♥ you. Get out*that guy come up to me and wip up his rock and tried to smack me*me*shoot him in the face with a shotgun**that guy appeared as a kid and started to scream at me* YOU HACKER YOU DON""T HAVE CLOTHES BUT YOU GOT SHOTGUN*after that he respawn with his friend and with fully arm stuff* I AM GETTING YOU THIS TIMEme*throw nades at them but they didn't know so it explode*that kid: YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I WILL REPORT YOU AND I WILL TELL LIZARD SQUAD ABOUT THIStill this day i have waiting for getting ♥♥♥♥ed by Lizard squad"
,Not Recommended,252490,15813083,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Eagle,"Hello dear gamers I'll try to be simple as much as I can so im stick with the pro and cons. (sorry for my bad english)Short Version:Pro:+Graphics,Art,Visual.+Environment,Atmosphere+Interesting game/building mechanics, Fairly complex crafting system+Weekly updates less or more.Cons:-Time consuming grinding-Immature bad community(not just in rust) !!!-Exploiting rock base building-Bad Anticheat protecion-Less cooperative/friendly but more agressive/fighting players.-Game in alpha state (less content) but its still OK-No offline mode to practicePros Long:The game looks nice with the new version and yes it has requirements but my mid-end PC can run the game well on max settings. It has the atmosphere and I like the game visual style. The game has potential in almost every aspects. I have to say I like this game even it is in unfinished state. You can spend time in game dont worry.Cons Long:As I said Rust has potential BUT GUYS we all know that potential is a waste if you don't use its power I don't say Rust is going that way but its on the edge in my opinion. The game has the same hardcore system like DayZ,WarZ if you die you'll loose everything and respawn elsewhere with the rock and torch (Your learned recipies remains right now its very good at least) this mechanic is good if you like this kind of hardcore elements BUT Rust doesnt support any peacefull action, only the outlaws can win and this is frustrating because you'll loose if you dont shoot everything on sight and it force you to don't trust other players. MY main problem is not in the game itself but the bad people and yes the game creates a playground for them and you'll be the toys. I'm not antisoical or emo I'm a normal man but guys there are a lot of mentally damaged gamers with serious problems they are just looking for conflicts and bully. This is just a game but how you act thats a portion of you. I like action and shooting elements but there are just KILLING without reason and no peace or nice communication now it's just a shooter where you loose every stuff. I built a base with almost fully upgraded defense far from everyone and it didn't last 1 night when i went to sleep and I put like 10+ hours to build it. And listen guys it's good that I can loose but they didn't just break in (dunno how easily) and robbed my base which is OK but they searched for my spawnpoints and destroyed it for what reason do they need that for survive or what? Nah this is about just f*ck with each other for no reason to hurt someone. Games are for fun but games can be for adults as well but immature people cannot handle the power when they have a chance to shoot or not shoot a naked guy who means no harm just running around survivng the elements they will shoot you like a dog because it's fun for him for no reason. If you are normal guys with less time you will get bored/mad so lads we are living a modern stone age where you kill just for fun Rust is a nice mirror what reflects the connection between people and very sad that the player base like 80% d*ckheads 10% just running away from you when you are talking to them and the rest 10% is normal who you'll never meet it's pretty bad ratio I'm sad. There are cheaters as well I met with only 1 that's not much but on offical servers it's bad. Also you have to grind and run/look for resources in the game it was obvious. Be a better community guys c'mon and have a nice time!"
76561198163270174,Not Recommended,252490,26458710,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,✅ Cody,"Well i play Rust since 2013, i saw how it has changed and its not the first time that i do not approve some dev's choices. In my opinion Rust has only 1 rival on the market, that's ARK. The are lots of difference between these 2 games.. among them it was the Exp System. Its a nerd choice, it make a sandbox more linear (no sense). Now Rust is really boring, you have to gather rocks to level up, and gather.. gather... gather.. gather.. there are no more blueprints, the feeling when you break a barrel and you get a Bazooka is gone. I dont know why they chose that way.. personally i think that Rust now sucks.Also this new component sistem sucks a lot of players will leave .I wanted to say lots of things, but my languange knowlodge dont let me do this. I hope that other players agree.. and i hope that devs will consider that part of community, maybe asking them whats the best way to chose (survey?)."
,Not Recommended,252490,31564834,Posted: 5 May,all,YoDawg,"As a player and owner of multiple rust instances this latest update has forced me to decide to cancel all 6 of my servers. Facepunch operates♥♥♥♥♥backwards for the most part, pushing updates on servers then hours later client updates so players can join, when players can finally join oxide jacks up the server which as of lately oxide has been one pain in the♥♥♥♥♥requiring multple updates to get everything back to normal.Plugins are needed for everything that should be default in game but nope so you are required to have in upwards of 100 seperate plugins / config files to manage each week. Plugins created by Devs are not updated on time which is understanding as most plugins are created by players of this game as a hobby without payment.This last update along with many months of headaches dealing with past updates and the way facepunch operates made me decide that i have wasted enough of my time with this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor company and focus my time on better supported games.This game has been in early release since it hit the market ""a few years now"" and these guys still cant get their crap together That should tell you that this game will never get out of alpha! They force changes on players and server owners like this latest release which is one hell of a mess YET the rust slack channel proves they are making changes on the fly without seeking input.In closing, unless you get this game for free i would not invest money in this poorly managed company!"
,Recommended,252490,22892447,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,WatMachtDieKuh?,"There are two ways to play this game.Friendly- You focus on your stuff and what you want to build.- When you meet people you talk to them and maybe work together with them.- You will maybe help people out with some resources if they ask for them and stuff like that...>>>> YOU DO NOT KILL PEOPLE WITHOUT A REASON <<<<Raider- When you meet new people you most likely will kill them right away- If you don't kill them on the spot you will kill them after talking mad♥♥♥♥♥♥to them via the ingame voicechat- Also you use the ingame voicechat to make a lot of creepy noises while hunting people- You're going online late to make sure there are not many other people online - then you'll try to spot your neighbours and rob them before they log in again- IF you work together with people its only to get into strong buildings you would not get in alone- ""Farming"" means ""Killing people and rob their stuff"" for youNow you decide which of these is the ""Normal"" way to play rust ;) I prefer friendly but you will always bump into raiders now and then ;P9/10Have fun, go crazy on strangers xD"
76561197975310237,Not Recommended,252490,14541236,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Terror,"Don't waste your money on this pathetic, hacker riddled piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Progression means nothing when players hack through your walls and aimbot you from the other side of the map.Seriously.. buy a packet of cigarettes, you're better off."
76561198354966758,Not Recommended,252490,34559439,Posted: 28 August,all,theonejc89,"To me, the game was great, it was everything I wanted out of a game. Now though, it's like watching a loved one die. The updates are terrible, the game is still buggy as all hell, I wish they would fix the problems they have rather than keep adding more. the mining is a joke now. the twig update was absolutely garbage. The rocket site basically rewards large groups and effectively stacks the deck even further against the solo player. Used to be a great game, now, not so much."
,Not Recommended,252490,21613928,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Michael Sly,"No DirectionAs of this writing, I don't recommend this game. Not because of the community, not because of the graphics or sound, not because of the features.The only reason I don't recommend this game is because the developers took the game from acommunity-based survival sandbox(i.e. Rust Classic) to aSurvival FPS.I have  a number of interesting stories and enjoyable experiences stemming from Rust Classic. It had a certain magic to it. At the time, no one really understood the game too much and the game wasn't so focused on FPS. With threats ranging from zombies, wildlife, radiation, and hunger, you could work with people and create a group of players all struggling to survive. When I played, I tended to be more diplomatic - and you could do that in Rust Classic. See what each player's about, build ""alliances"" with certain people, while defending said alliances when necessary. At one point, my house was a meeting spot for a good part of the community I played on. People could go to my place to make trades and meet up, knowing they wouldn't be shot at unless they came across the wrong way. At one point the community we created was so tight, that when a band of raiders started attacking people's homes, a domino effect occurred. An all-out war across the server sprung up. Some people died and lost everything, however the bandits were hit hard and lost their explosives. It easily ranked as one of my tensest and most enjoyable times while playing a video game.The gameplay now doesn't seem to get like that anymore. It could just be how I'm playing nowadays, but my experience with the game has become solitary due to the nature of the current state of the game.Rust today suffers from a number of things:No sense of direction from the developers.While they keep improving and updating the game, they're all on features that were already there. That isn't a bad thing, but it doesn't focus on the bigger picture. The focus is to survive, but aside from other players, it's pretty easy to survive in Rust. Focusing on what they already have, instead of venturing into new idea territory, consequently made the game more of an FPS.Lack of interactive environment and context.They've improved the graphics a lot. It's beautiful. You'd think that they'd make it a harsh environment with aggressive wildlife to complement it, or add features to the world to put everything into context. They could add NPC factions to put the Rust world into perspective. They could add seasons which would alter gameplay depending on the environment. There's towns with radiation, weapons ranging from wooden spears to fully automatic Assault Rifles with attachment slots, random attack choppers hunting people down and an airdrop that comes every so often. All of this with absolutely no explanation. Their goal was to make it a survival sandbox, but since it's more of a Survival FPS now, they should put it all into context if they choose to keep going in that direction.Focus on guns instead of survival.Or should I say lack of focus? Because of the earlier point about no sense of direction, they stuck with improving weapons instead of surviving. It's kind of an easy and safe way to create a sense of danger when you're allowing players to get semi-automatic weapons, instead of focusing on survival gameplay mechanics. They could expand the medical area, such as adding various contagious or noncontagious diseases, or a trauma mechanic that makes players fix broken bones from falling, remove bullet slugs, sew up cuts or bandage abrasions.Long story short:Rust isn't really a bad game, but I can't recommend it. Over three years of the development and it seems to be running in place. They add graphical improvements and update regularly. I've played this game when it first came out and play still today... My experience has largely stayed the same. There's no venturing into new territory for this game. Because they don't want to try something new within Rust and stick with improving features already present, it inadvertently shaped the game from a survival sandbox to a survival FPS.My review may have come across a little harsh, especially since it's still in Early Access - don't get me wrong, it's a good game in its own right. My fear is that it's becoming stale over the course of its development, and may end up becoming a game stuck in Early Access because of a lack of direction. I'll make changes to my review later in the future."
76561198030775872,Not Recommended,252490,22755240,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,northernfalcon7,"You spawn on a beach, naked and afraid.  With a rock and a torch in your hands, you set out on your mission to survive.Then some guy with a submachine gun shows up and murders you.So you respawn on another beach, naked and afraid.  With your rock you painstakingly knock a tree over, and crush a boulder into little pebbles, which you then fashion into a hatchet.  You use your hatchet to craft yourself a bow in order to hunt game.  You use your bow to take down a wild boar, which you then cook over a campfire.  You use the leather from the boar to fashion some makeshift clothing to protect you from the cold.  You smile, knowing that based on your intellect and hard labour you have managed to fashion a respectable existence for yourself on this forsaken island.Then the same guy with the submachine gun shows up and one-shots you.You respawn on another beach with nothing but a rock and a torch.  You gather your wits about you and retrace your steps.  Soon you once again have a hatchet, a bow, and a large pile of wood.  You get to work on building a home for yourself so that you will have shelter to protect yourself from the elements, and so that if you die you don't have to start over from the very beginning.  You carefully set down a foundation, and then build walls.  Soon, all that remains is to put the door in place, and your new home will be complete.Then the same guy with the submachine gun shows up and you fall to the ground in a hail of bullets.  As you roll around screaming on the ground, he pulls out the very same bow you crafted in your second life and delivers the coup de grace.You respawn on a beach.  Desperately you run in the direction of your house, which is on the opposite side of the island.  As you reach your house, you discover that a door has been placed, and you are now locked out.  You knock on the door, and submachine gun guy, the new owner of your house, pops out and murders you.In a rage, you respawn on yet another beach, with nothing but a rock and torch.  Furiously you knock over a tree with your rock, retrace your footsteps, and about two hours later, you finally have a house of your own.  You gather stones and solidify the walls.  You create a furnace and start smelting metal, which you then use to strengthen the walls.  You gather blueprints for advanced weaponry and armour, and soon are kitted out in the very best protection that exists.  After three days of this, your home is now a fortress, daring anyone to test your mettle.Armed with your rifle, you set out in search of submachine gun guy.  There is hell to pay.  But you don't find him; he finds you.  He uses hacks to make his way into your base, takes over the building privileges, and changes the locks.  When you return, he flies out of the building and rains bullets from the sky, ending your life.  When you reawaken in your sleeping bag, you discover that he built stone walls around your sleeping bag, trapping you in the darkness.You respawn on a beach, naked and afraid.  Submachine gun guy, wearing your armour, murders you with your own rifle."
76561198019014227,Not Recommended,252490,14300209,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[LEG] Niska,"let me start this review by saying that this is directed at the newer rust NOT old rust (rust legacy) and the current progression of the game.I sank quite a few hours into rust legacy and its a solid, fun mode to play. since it was launched it was mostly stable, was well optimized and had a bright future ahead of it. But the reason for a new rust being created is simple: the team cannot code at all. they couldnt progress rust legacy any further because of the web of issues that were created.Since they started anew i have gone from having a good opinion about its changes... to a dreadful one.The changes to graphics and ""shinies"" in the game are vast, lots of new clothing, animals  and graphics are pretty much overhauled.. HOWEVER the optimisation is nothing short of dreadful, it gets WORSE not better with every update made to the game. On the rare occasion an update IS made its to introduce more ""shinies"" instead of tweak with the crushing perfomance problems. I play this on a computer that NASA would be envious to not own, and i still have terrible framerate and freezing issues. Playing this a month ago it was BAD.... and now its even worse than before, which tells me one thing: very little is being done to improve these issues, they are in fact in my mind stepping BACKWARDS instead of forwards.I will now state what i think is disgusting of any game company and should not be tolerated whatsoever.Today after loading up rust i have noticed on the main menu of the game a list of devblogs, as many people who may have recently logged into rust may have noticed (02.02.2015). Garry or one of his team members has written at the bottom mockingly ""tell us how bad we are at our jobs on steam!"" followed by a steam review picture with a thumbs down. This is nothing short of childish and shows that either Garry and his team lack the decency to address the feedback of the community and possibly the maturity to even CARE. The people who have invested in this game have every right to review it´s quality, and so far since the RELEASE i have seen nothing but one mess after another. at the start of the game there were zombies, a solid and fun enemy to battle. however after being terrified of being called a DayZ clone they removed them, a foolish decision in my mind but this isnt what i want to talk about. This shows to me that to some extent they DO care about their reputation but possibly have cracked under the stress of the community being angered by their work (or lack thereof) and have simply lost the will to give a flying monkey´s.In Summary: DO NOT buy this game if you are expecting to get anything new from the game, its been a slow and utterly dreadful development of the newer rust and i have had nothing but poor experiences. If you want to buy this game to play rust legacy then sure, go nuts. Just dont expect your opinion to be valued for what it´s worth from those in charge."
,Recommended,252490,8076287,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,10Toed,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rocks. Survival. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,252490,14263696,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,bun,"You're bad at your job.You developed one of the few actually playable early-access-survival games twice in a relatively short time and put up some remarkably smooth working content. Yet you completely ignore the fact that your game is only interesting for a couple of hours, since there is no long term motivation attached to anything.There is no progress to make, base building/attacking is unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥, the game gets boring even for quite autistic people who like to spend literally years in games like this where you can't do much.Greg Tech Fusion ReactorsYou use a hopefully sophisticated engine made by one of the large, senior, oldschool game developers on this planet.Yet you have to reinvent the wheel with a console? Why the hell do you have to even develop anything related to a console? It should be done and working at the second you fire up the engine you licensed.Why is the netcode so bad? Inventory seems to be server sided, it is laggy as hell and tedious to use. Again, its 2015 and you use a licensed engine, why the hell isnt this better.Little things. Everything drops wolf meat? Give a ♥♥♥♥ing intern half an hour to copy&paste the classes and rename them for a start. Your artists made some impressive looking stuff, i dont believe some different looking meats will keep them busy for a year.How about you try a bit more to think from an actual players perspective, and try not to break players progress all the time. give people something to achieve, something to be proud of, something with a tad of permanency that goes beyond a huge base that will be dismantled by some russian guys while you're asleep."
,Not Recommended,252490,8731004,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,StitchJones,"The game has so much potential, but as of right now it's simply awful to play.  NO one helps other players everything is a total PVP fight.  And the amount of hacking is over the top.  This is the worst early access game to date I have played.  You cannot even ask questions on a server without everyone just bashing you.  It's almost like playing League of Legends the support is so bad.  You are best off not buying or playing this game as of right now.  If they put in non-PVP features down the road, then it might make what is in place enjoyable."
,Recommended,252490,20108813,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Knot csgobounty.com cs.money,"Spent 2 days building a big♥♥♥♥♥base, the next day the server restarted and i spawned naked again.10/10 would play again"
,Not Recommended,252490,29943529,Posted: 15 February,all,pezza,"The game has good potential and concept, and can be enjoyable with mates. But it has an awful player base, I've come across hackers even on 'official servers', alongside a lot of glitches and bugs. Wouldn't reccommend to anyone that wants to play solo as it's predominantly impossible with the amount of clans/groups."
76561198075281806,Recommended,252490,18966881,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Three Legs the Bandit,"Great game but be warned it will consume vast quantities of time. Its online crack.Game is what you see from video`s online and reviews. However its shifting more and more towards high tech weaponry so its not a true survival game set in the wild. It is but its got semi-automatic guns, C-4 and rocket launchers etc.Game tends to bring out the worst in people and massive QQ from people on chat.The thing is Rust is really fun but it does take a decent few hours to build a base not to mention gathering resources for guns and so forth. Because of this when people get raided some tend to have a nervous breakdown on Rust chat.You get to log in and mix with some truely socially dysfunctional people whom display some of the worst online in-game bullying actions and behaviour. One has to sit in awe viewing a screen witnessing such online carnage. Marvelous!The theme of the fully geared Rust player killing a naked Rust player in KoS (kill on sight) is a political issue online. The nakeds argue its wrong but once a naked is geared most tend to become the KoS`er of nakeds blaming the mental trauma they experienced as a naked in Rust as the reason. Fantastic!Rust dev team are steering the game towards building towns and trade areas between factions/clans. The community is so against it they rage in forums / steam feedback and generally blow the crap out of every base possible, loot everything and leave the owner QQ`ing on chat in CAPS. Ive even seen a naked bashing a wooden foundation with a bow and arrow repeatedly in a desperate attempt to destroy someones hard worked base and loot all it contains. The community are utter savages.In Rust its best not to loot random items in certain areas for possible craftable blueprints. If you enter an area like this 99% of the time you will be shot at by fully geared people on safari - shooting nakeds. In fact some tend to build bases in these areas purely for the purpose of pursuing the gentleman sport that is KoS`ing nakeds.There is no way you will be able to play this game and create a community for long. The barbarisim of the online community beats zombies any-day. You will NOT survive, you WILL die repeatedly and you WILL get robbed. No one is your friend, everyone wants to exploit you. Rust even has an emerging slave trade. Sometimes someone will have a massive QQ  never to return to the server. We dont know if that person died of a heart attack or went to another server. True dat.This is Rust.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,252490,16951890,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SporkMan22,First day:Ran around with a rock getting wood.Meet a group of naked men.Ran with the flock of naked men.Met another group of naked men.Decided to have a naked fight club.Came out victorious at said fight club.Won clothes and a machine gun.Naked.12/12.
76561198011186481,Not Recommended,252490,13310589,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sedwar,Its been more than a year and still no finished game. They are not even close. Huge scam...
,Not Recommended,252490,12457266,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,らせる EZ'Gamer,"Well it's about a month and a half now from my last review.So here it is I played for several hours after the 200mb update. What I can say about it?-Lag was significantly been improved meaning I don't feel much lag now compared from last month-Improved AI for animals. Way better than before since now it attacks you continuously but still need more improvement on their movements and how they attack.-Clothing is still the same it doesn't help you from radiation or probably they will come up with something for that.-The best part of it is the reworked of buildings. This for me is a very huge update and I can totally say there putting a lot of work on it. The pie selection is great. The demolish building concept is superb and how you upgrade your house has been rebalanced which is really great since you need a lot of resource to upgrade your house and instead of you hammering your house to death just to get it upgraded you only need to hit it a few times and it will automatically upgrade itself on it’s on. Really cool concept if you ask me.-One major idea that they added is the tool cupboard. This item basically prevents other people to build structure near your house in a certain meter. This for me is one of the best idea that they come up with since it prevents trolls from putting walls in front of your door or building stairs to get up on your house.It’s still not recommended for me since bugs are still noticeable but this was a great update and I can see that there’s a huge improvement from before. I’ll wait for more updates and will edit my review base on whatever they came up with. For now, kudos for Garry for this great update."
,Recommended,252490,8563163,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,hunter,"Dongs, rocks, and getting shot in the face by strangers repeatedly.A++ game would buy again"
,Recommended,252490,27278414,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Murad IV,"I must admit, even with having over 500h of this game, I am not even a tiny bit bored of it.But seriously, the game is really awesome with all it's servers."
,Recommended,252490,9434665,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Fjordus,I hate this game.
,Not Recommended,252490,13657748,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Slothikins,"I used to like this game, but the new Rust, ""Experimental"" is awful. It is unplayable. Things don't load, fall through textures, etc. I have a good machine, capable of running top of the line games, but ""new"" Rust is unplayable. Yes, you can play Legacy Rust still, but it is continually plagued by hackers. (So fun getting aimbotted across the map, or hacked in the cranium with an axe by a flying man). Maybe I will return and try again in a few months, maybe needed updates will comes. Until then, this game will remain unplayed by me."
,Recommended,252490,12862226,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SuperiorHydrogen,"Spawned in to Rust, found someone asked for food so i dont die. He gave me food and told me to follow him then he put me in a hut, next thing i know theres 10 people telling me to get recources. I rebel and get a bow and kill one of them with a bow while he trys to shoot me with a shotgun. I met some other people that were enslaved then we tryed to over take them but our small militia dident stand a chance against them, and they re-enslaved us and this time made us ""take off your trousers"" then we worked for them for the rest of eternity."
76561198078414052,Not Recommended,252490,31127798,Posted: 13 April,all,昇天 DarkKawaii,"This is my absolute favorite game. I love the pvp and building mechanics. However, I don't reccommend buying it until they fix the hacking problem. It is honestly so bad. You get all hyped up because you're winning a fight, and suddenly your whole group gets wiped by one guy who's aimbotting. You get your 5 floor tall base upgraded and suddenly there's one guy c4-ing your roof. Please facepunch, do something. Really sick of wasting my Thursday afternoons."
76561198032876357,Not Recommended,252490,13440007,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,fauthal,"First I cannot play Rust only Rust legacy don't know why and steam won't support their product. So I tried playing Legacy and it is so filled with hackers and people that have no respect for PVE vs PVP servers and even if it is a 'fair' fight so many hackers that magically run 10x faster that non-hack, jump through windows and ignore the walls of your homes you spent hours building. You can't complain because no one administers it, valve anti cheat is a joke and if you contact steam or valve they just laugh at you they don't care about the integrity of the environment so long as you paid they don't care. I'm not the only one either just google it and you will see the only people that continue playing this game are hackers, everyone else is fed up. If you hack it you get everything, if you work at it (which would be fun if some dbag doesn't ruin your work for no reason). Don't waste your money but more immportant don't waste your time."
76561198026038239,Recommended,252490,22009813,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Mr Bojangles,This game would make the perfect gift for someone who has beeing wanting to commit suicide but needed that final reasoning to actually go through with it.
,Recommended,252490,10745114,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dalvinton on BDO,Trust Simulator
,Recommended,252490,18151337,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,meme machine,Pretty much the best survival game on steam right now.
,Not Recommended,252490,22384496,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Apollo Diamond,"Servers are badly optimised. They require weekly or bi weekly restarts. was hoping this would die along with arma 2 dayz servers.Character customisation is nonexistant. even the gender!! all due to the devs stance of 'We dont care. Were raking in your cash and people still play our game. so♥♥♥♥♥♥off'Pvp system is worse than Dayz due to the KOS being almost 10x worse. This could easily be fixed with killing the player not giving off loot (e.g. bone fragments and human meat) The gear yes but not meat etc)) or a mental state if the player kills 10 plus people within a 2 hour period lets say.Simple stuff like the bolt actions iron sights being unreasonably clunky and large, would make it so much better."
,Not Recommended,252490,10123207,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,☣Patient Zero☣,"Originally this was emjoyable playing with some friends but after not much time you discover the games flaws.After you're done 'surviving' wich basically includes farming materials for crafting, food so you don't starve and enough materials to buld a house which isn't very exciting and repetative there isn't really anything else the game offers so people get bored and just end up raiding and killing everyone on sight so its basically a large PVP fest.Updates seemed to have slowed dramatically too, over a month since the last although they said they have to rewrite all the code because its a complete mess that was rushed.In future the game may be promising but as of right now, I regret this purchase.I believe it is one of the problems with the early access system where games are put up far to early and it could be years until they are finished, which there is no promise of.So I'd basically wait until the damn game is finished or at least has something to actually do rather than bang rocks together and shoot naked people.PS. I nearly forgot to mention the enormous problem with hackers which run rampant official and unofficial servers. Its a complete mess.Note: I've played a lot longer than steam profile states."
,Not Recommended,252490,9631076,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Prymark,"Rust is a hard review to write. This game is a blast to play with friends, yet it falls short on the community. You'll spent hours, if not, days, collecting supplies for your base, to be raided by some players who have used an exploit. It's also common for people with weapons to run around killing those who have freshly spawned, and to see people 'act' as frendly fresh spawns, just to pull a gun on you when you act friendly back at them.For me, that's where the community falls short. There's no 'honor among thieves', or even just common courtesy. There's a line between killing someone because they have good stuff, and killing someone to just tick them off, and in Rust, there doesn't seem to be that line. A few players find it amusing to place a wooden wall in front of any and all entrances to your base, making it impossible to enter/leave without C4, and that stuff is pretty hard to get hold of until late in the game. It only takes a handful of trolls, griefers and just down right mean people to ruin a server for the rest of the players.At the moment, I don't recommend the game as it is in early alpha; yet, if they were to focus more on the actual survival aspect of the game, and not the whole ""who has the gun, wins"" type of rule, then I would be happy to reccomend the game.I also hear they will be removing military guns, which I fully endorse, because this game seems to be more of a first person shooter then an actual survival game, because lets face it, surviving in the wild should not involve body armor and assault rifles."
,Recommended,252490,29583329,Posted: 30 January,all,Montoora,"The first time you play, be prepared for a long journey, and many hours of learning the ropes or consulting guides and the Rust Wiki.The early hours will be arduous, until you figure out how to build and protect your base correctly that is.Visibility is one of the key features that you should take into account when building your base, as the less people see your base, the less people have the opportunity to raid it and steal your belongings.This game requires a lot of activity to maintain yourself,your relationship with other players (most of which will unfortunately be the shoot-on-sight kind), the hazards of the environment, and your buildings.  Many resources will be few and far between if you join a populated server, and even the lower populations can have areas of the map be clear cut.By no means is this a game in which you can expect to be friends with everyone, believe me I've tried.The community in Rust is horrid in terms of teamwork, so I recommend bringing a few friends along to help you build up and defend yourself should the need arise. Although murder and defensive homicide is common, when you find those few randoms on the server who just want to have a friendly game, you'll most likely rejoice from the feeling of teamwork, unless you are yourself one of those murdering-bandit types (curse you). But remember,always watch your back, no matter who they are, if they're not on your friends list, do not trust them.TL;DR--------------------------------------------------------------------Rust is a great survival game that's complex enough to keep you doing new things and discovering hours in, and in time you will learn how to defend yourself relatively easily. It consistently receives updates from its developers, and new content has and will continue to be released.The Rust community is not for the faint of heart, teamwork is sparse and murder is common.Everybody wants everybody else's stuff, no matter how insignificant.Friends can turn into enemies at a moment's notice.This is not a game for people who get salty about being killed. People are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this game, and there's nothing that can be done to change that.--------------------------------------------------------------------------For people like me, this game is panic inducing, and sometimes enraging (screw the bears. Delete bears please), but I've still enjoyed every moment I've played of this game.For now, it's back to my metal boat house guarded by sentry turrets.Stay away from my property."
,Not Recommended,252490,14339118,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nik The Greek,"For me this game was amazing at its early stage, now its messed up ...Full of hackers that take away all your efforts and so many raids and rdming.Its fun and good to spend time with friends but not for long.i really wanted to like this game.... but noit looks beautiful, indeed its nice but the community is toxic as ♥♥♥♥, for example i helped a person he said ""oh thx dude"" and shot me in the headby the way also you cannot change your gender and stuff, its randomEDIT: its been 3 years and its still early access, begins to look like DayZGarry said: ""if you re bored of rust, then dont play it""looks like the devs love creating toxicity, you re creating a service, you cant to not listen to people who bought your product, we are the reason you make your money, have some more respect♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198031079245,Not Recommended,252490,8641820,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,[Moo Slave] TheCheaky,"What a terrible experience thus far.   Joined a server.. got shot.  Talked in chat, was told to F off.  Then chat was spamed for ten minutes. Tried respawning with my rock and was shot on site.  Joined another less populated server (<20 people) and built a shack, but realized there was no player interaction at all, so why play just to do nothing with literally no PVE interaction or interesting crafting.  Joined a mid sized server, was shot on site.  I asked why shot a naked guy with a rock, they told me to get more skill.  Thanks!  i just bought the game, and spent about ten-twenty minutes on Wiki just to learn what the heck to do b/c players are extremely toxic if you dont join a group before playing.  So, I respawned and was looting a rock, then got shot.  Respawned again.. get the story?Where is the player interaction?? Is it just griefing brand new players and KOS.  Is the goal of this game just to be lucky enough or have a big enough group to get geared just to grief naked players and KOS... I have no ability to plan a route or avoid players because I have no idea where I am, and cannot even see the players shooting me with guns I will never be able to get.   If you are looking for cheap thrills and no skill kills.. this is your game.  I am giving this a temporary not recommended.  But I will review it again down the road and after some more miles.I.E. this game is the digital equivalent of killing an indigenous, less armed people and calling it skill.  GG"
76561198098666968,Not Recommended,252490,16088157,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Forever Online,"If u want to have a fun time with friends or alone in a survival game, like to be challenged by mother nature, dont worry..You wont get a chance!The Rust community will ruin the whole game experience.How to play Rust:step 1: make it through the spawn point and do not killed by a naked men with a stonestep 2: Gather some resources for a spear so u can protect yourself from naked men with stones.Now, you need to get some stone, wood, cloth and meat.If you want to make it to the next day, You will need the most upgraded house that is possible.Chances are, you will get killed 99/100 times while gathering resources by a naked man with a spear..Some russian kid with some automatic weapon who kills noobs for fun because he knows how frustrating it is to get even something like a small normal house and a sleeping bag.I have played this game several times, i know how this game works..YOU DON'T GET A CHANCE TO SURVIVE!Its not about the environment. Its about the other players who like to kill you for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason."
76561198032311823,Not Recommended,252490,33180141,Posted: 3 July,all,Blu3bean,Without Friends - your ♥♥♥♥ed!
76561198036910394,Not Recommended,252490,22424453,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Scorch,Good game. Cancer community
,Recommended,252490,9946013,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,MrKhiel,"You wake up in a field. Rock in hand, a torch and some bandages.As you take your first steps in this beautiful new world the colors and the light captivate you... you wander for a moment and notice the sun overhead. Everything is nice.Until you hear footsteps and hide.""Animal or Human? Friend or Foe?"" The footsteps get closer, louder, pause and continue. You wonder where they're going or what they want. The steps fade away. You peak out of your hiding place and find not one but three pairs of feet each with rifles pointed at you and laughing. There is no chance to run obviously you don't know how to hide. Whats the point?""ummm Im new here... wanna team?""...You wake up in a field. Rock in hand, a torch and some bandages.As you take your next steps in this beautiful world... colors and the light still captivate you... you wander for a moment and notice the sun setting. Everything is kinda nice.But now its dark. And your hungry...But wait!You see someone else has just awoken as well. He takes his first steps in this beautiful new world the colors and the light captivate him... he wander for a moment and notices you.""Wanna team?"",  he asks..."
,Not Recommended,252490,34540255,Posted: 27 August,all,KRUSTY,"game is actually decentalot better than it used to becant recomend because literally the WORST community i have ever even heard ofyou will find better people in jail or on csgomost of the people who play are terrible people, and take out their frustration on everyone elseits not just being raided or killed (thats just part of the game), its what they say and how they do itdont bother asking a question, admins are usually terrible tooif you find pleasure in being terrible to others and absolutely doing everything you can to waste their time and be a cancer on humanity, this game is for youfun to play but you can only handle so many 12 year olds and neckbeard betas talking smackNEED THICK SKINit just got annoying and honestly pointless"
,Not Recommended,252490,25939294,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SlipperyDangus,The community is a cancer unlike any other.
76561198144147702,Not Recommended,252490,14538620,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Braatzy,the developers seem to have given up. majority of players are hacking. you can't even get started. what a waste of money. horrible game. the old version was better by the way.
76561198035344993,Recommended,252490,17272480,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TyroneKing,Woke up on a beach naked with a rock and torch.ran into a guy with akasked to drop stuffdropped rock and torchstill kills mecalls me a♥♥♥♥♥♥respawnsbuilds a wooden hut on the beachgets raided with C4havent even got anythingkills merespawns againnakedwith a rock and torchgoes to rad townkilled by radiationgame crashesmade computer now sound like a hovercraft12/3 would run on unity 5 again
76561198098132753,Not Recommended,252490,8448582,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dicks4Nipples,"Buy this game right here. If you love getting killed by a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥sucking little fourth graders than this is the game to get. If you have dreamed of getting so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that you have thought about breaking everything in arms reach, well than once again this game is for you."
76561197968090386,Not Recommended,252490,22382104,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,That Paul Guy,"Game Never moved out of Alpha in over how many days, weeks, months... years?!?!?"
,Not Recommended,252490,9670189,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ChewbaccaLincoln,"This is hard to write, I really loved this game like so very very much. Proably one of the best games out there, met a lot of great people playing it but have also met quite a few♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that is normal nothing wrong with that.Pros:-Great way to have fun and group up-Great game for starting from nothing to becoming the strongest on the server-So many different ways to play this game, different jobs and resbonsibilites one can choice to take onCon:This game only has 1 con but a serios one, the security system for this game is beyond ♥♥♥♥in dreadful, this game is fluid with noob friendly hacks that anyone can use and figure out, and truly no way to bust them. Like me and my group who put hundreds of hous into a base that gets raided by one guy in a matter of a minute because he has jump hacks, speed hacks, auto loot, and aimbot. Any game that wants its players to put as many hours in it to becoming the top dog, but has no securtiy procidures to detect an♥♥♥♥♥hat who can take you down to nothing is the dumbest game design out there. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR NOW AT LEAST.It is a great game but until the developers actually care enough to put effort into security, than this will remain a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.Sorry for all the language I'm just very angry about the whole thing, so dodge this game and you wont regret it. 3/10 due to security issues. If not strong 9/10"
,Recommended,252490,25571112,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Brover,"I ran around naked crushing innocent people to death using only a rock.Then I ran home, played rust and did the same thing."
,Not Recommended,252490,15460255,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,CaptainXanie,GREAT GAME! the reason i have to give it a bad review is because of the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players you will run into. if you dont have a group of 3+ friends who already play this game dont buy it you will not have fun =[ you got your hackers in servers with admins who dont log on....or you get admins who abuse their power and pick on other players.If you are going solo in this game then POWER TO YOU! because you will go mad.......such a fun game with the right people.problem is you gotta bring your own people or you dont stand a chance.....
,Recommended,252490,10490916,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Maou,Full of hackers!
76561198059776866,Not Recommended,252490,8467564,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stupid Ass StormTrooper,"I picked this game up over the Steam sale hoping it would eventually go on sale however it didnt. I found a server with a low population and it was fun for a few days , but you have to spend hours at a game like this. So if you are a  casual player make sure you have friends who also play or you wont get anywhere in this game. If youve played  War Z ( now infestation) or Dayz or any of those types of games youll have an idea of the community in this game . some mean well but most just want to kill you for fun , or your loot. Thing is in this game you are never truly safe . Youll get raided non stop . to give an example 5 minutes prior to writing this review i relogged into rust only to find my base being held under seige by a group of players in kevlar. Even if you have a base players can put up ramps to get in or even break/blown down walls and doors Which i really dont find fun if you have spent so much time in the game , but hey it happens. Oh also i forgot to mention since the game is still farely new it patches quite frequently so servers will usually get wiped , so all your goods stored away and your bases will go poof and sometimes so will your crafting recipies. I also wouldnt recommend joining full servers because ppl will just run around as nomadic nudists killing you >_< and yes that had happened to me the first time i ever played this game. If youve got the time , dedication, and friends then be my guest and drop $20 on this . if you dont .... well i'd figure surviving out in the wilderness irl will be more fullfilling**Update** so as of recently like last weekend , early April i decided hell ill play rust again . within a few minutes i ran into a player luckily i had a revolver but all in all he was friendly , we teamed up / talked over skype and eventually ended up with a 3 man team ! , however we switched servers the next day and started from scratch it wasnt so bad i suppose xD ,  we were playing on a no repair and instant craft server which will save u some time but wont save you enough , as i mentioned in my previous review this game takes alot of time to play ... i mean alot , youll find yourself getting sucked in with a mental to do list of crafting and there goes 1... 2... 3 hours . also you should understand in this game its raid and be raided blue prints are your friends , sleepers can be your downfall ,and c4 left in your base will be used against you , whoops let me get back on track. oh yes so time wise youll end up trading away a good weekend or your soul into this game to realize that you got raided , so what it happens its a part of the game but it truley does strike at your morale and begins to get really repetitive after awhile , i havent tried but id assume the only way to get anywhere in this game woudl be to join a clan and build a base with 4+ ppl , but 2 c4 can wreck your perfect base , my 3 man team ended up taking out a base with 4 sleepers and god knows how many sleeping bags but on our way back we were gunned down by 2 players , sad but true , Rust is very unforgivening so you have to be unforgiving back . also from what ive heard there are alot of hackers , is this statement legit ? hell idk my accuracy with guns in this game isnt top notch so id be a fool to accuse but be on your guard , good luck out there , and oh ... you might want to fork up that air drop signal b4 my buddies and i take it with force :) enjoy !"
,Recommended,252490,30059037,Posted: 20 February,all,Jarek Hawkman,"Sometimes i love Rust, and sometimes i really hate Rust.The Fun times are when i've build a base, go on a raid or kill other teams with my team.The times i hate Rust are when the chat is full of people insulting eachother again and wishing other players to get the most horrible diseases known to mankind. Yes, that's true.. The community is horrible and comes close to the one League of Legends has. Once you're getting used to it and ignore most of it you can have a wonderful time.I do reccomened to play this game with at least one friend though, not only is it more fun to build together but you also have more chance of survival. This game can keep you entertained for a very long time. But not everyone might like it.There are still a few bugs, but that normal in early access.Graphics: 7,8/10 - Nothing special but not badReplay value: 9/10 - This game has no end, it can keep you entertained for years.gameplay fun: 7,8/10optimalization: 7,5/10 (early access)audio: 7/10 - would have given an 8 if they bring the scream back again when you die. :(Community: 2/10price/worth: 7,5/10 - Would definitely get this when it's on sale.Total:  7,7/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,25718953,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,"Rust.So, I've got a lot of hours on Rust, mainly from just running around as a naked player. It's pretty impossible to play the game unless you have a group. You have people with guns in their base just KOSing players and sometimes..they even come out to kill you. No matter who you are, what you have, they all require blood and death.Rust = Base WarsThe OLDER version of Rust, was better in my opinion, was able to actually get stuff done.Rust is just a Deathmatch with Base Building.If I could refund this game for what it has become, I would definitely do that."
,Recommended,252490,9300956,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Geo.js,"Survive and Thrive! Kill or Be Killed! Any cliche saying you can think of in regards to survival apply here. Is it the most realistic survival game out there? Probably not. But imagine this:You've just spent countless hours harvesting materials and avoiding dangerous cliffs, wolves, bears and even radiation. You finally find your way back home after being lost in the dark for the last 20 minutes. By your sleeping bag you place your large wooden storage crate which holds everything you have to your name... then you hear it. The feint footsteps grow louder. At this point, the adrenaline within you takes over.  Even the slightest sound begins to make you breathe heavy.  ""What was that clicking noise?"" you ask yourself. The light from a flashlight mounted upon a gun stares directly into your eyes and into your very soul.  In almost an instant you find yourself not within a finely crafted base, but within a tomb you have worked so hard to seal yourself within. You have a bow, a few arrows, some raw chicken, and a few wood planks.  ""What could they possibly want?"" you think to yourself, ""The items I have with me can't possibly be worth much! Perhaps they want what little metal I have stored in my chest!"". ""FRIENDLY!"" you call out in desparation, ""Friendly! I just bought this game like a week ago!"". Silence follows; however, this silence is maddening. ""Hello?!"" you cry out. ""Is someone out there?"". Just as you are at the intersection of ""what do I do?"" and ""where can I go?"" you hear a loud ""YOOOOOHOOOOOOOO!!!"" coming from outside.  Your heart sinks. Your sweaty palms now grip what little you can feel of your mouse. A quick rememberance of playing minecraft on your favorite server flashes in your mind.  But gone are the days of punching trees and finding glorious diamonds. Gone are the days of advanced red stone technology and crafty agricultural designs. No. Here in rust, there are no diamonds. Only shotguns -- obtrusive, glaring, pantless shotguns. ""Hlep!"" you quickly type in chat, ""Help!*, I think someones raiding me!"". Within seconds, the ticking you thought might have been coming from an analogue clock on the other side of your room turns into a loud, life threatening boom! Again, tick tick. tick...boom! The lights come in almost as fast as the shots ringout in your ears.  You notice at the bottum right of your screen a red bar shows up. ""Bleeding"" it states. ""BLEEDING!"" it now yells. Red flashes appear all around your screen. You hold your left mouse button on your bow in the hopes of shooting something, anyting within this chaos.You die. All you hear are the sounds of zippers. The sound: An old friend but now your mortal foe. You remember the cheerful moment of when you killed your last bear in order to have the resources required to finely craft the perfect cloth helmet.  The moment is further sweetened by the fact that the game has aknowledged your accomplishments and awarded you some raw chicken breast -- because surely chicken breasts do not come from bears. The smooth zipping sound of when you put that baby on now resonates in your ear as an abrupt, tearing off of your flesh. ""[BOT] Butcher_catmike killed you using a shotgun with a shot to your head"" says the white message in the middle of your screen. Now you begin again naked with only a rock in a field you have never seen before.Then you see him.  A poor, naive fellow running up to you rock in hand. ""Hi! :D"" he types. ""Do you have some food?!"".  Is he mad? Does he not realize what I just went through?  Your blood boils. You look down at the rock in your hands. ""No!"" you tell yourself. ""I will not put him through what I just went through"".  Then you realize it. You look down again in confirmation but it is unfortunately true. You. Have. No. Legs! In a moment of pure rage, you raise your rock of doom and slam it down on this beggers face! One time. Two times. Your bloodthirsty emotions get the best of you and you start to take chase as he runs yelling, ""♥♥♥♥ dude, just stop!"".The man lay dead at your feet. ""That's odd, I didn't see him wearing a backpack before"" you think to yourself. A white message pops up at the bottum left of your screen stating, ""DUDE WTF!"".Welcome to rust."
,Recommended,252490,28309117,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,jewsteins *idle*,farm sim 17
,Not Recommended,252490,8447804,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AxiumBeta,"Currently not worth the 20$. There has been a massive DDoS attack on Rust as a whole and has lasted 3-4 days now with no end in sight. The game when it's playable is extremely addicting and very enjoyable; however, until the DDoS has finally been stopped I wouldn't spend the money just yet."
,Recommended,252490,18238989,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,C 4 M,"Naked guys, naked guys with spears, naked guys eating human meat oh and clothed guys shooting you for no reason :D"
76561198073179156,Recommended,252490,23767227,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lil' Yogurt,"Step 1: Join ServerStep 2: Find an area with many bushesStep 3: Find a nice big bush to place a sleeping bag and tiny chest (this is your home)Step 4: Place beartraps in all nearby bushesStep 5: Wait till you hear the poop inducing sound of someone getting chomped by a bear trapStep 6: If neccessary, finish off the naive victim with a bow while he/she is pooping themselves10/10 real life simulator"
76561198024576044,Not Recommended,252490,29734476,Posted: 5 February,all,cgmenendez21,"The community is unbelievably toxic, no matter what server you get on. The gameplay itself is addicting, especially if you like making buildings of all shapes and sizes, which is a bad thing in this case, because literally days of work can be destroyed in a matter of seconds by a group of random guys with barely any gear that steal all of your crap. This can lead to a vicious cycle of trying to rebuild and win, only to get raided by someone even better, so you try to rebuild even harder, and rage even harder. I'm removing this game from my account for the sake of my own health. Once upon a time it might have been a great game, but now it's the equivalent of a fudge brownie laced with laxatives: Tastes good at first, but absolutely destroys you later on. Word to the wise, stay far away from this one."
76561198255821873,Recommended,252490,18568028,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bassie_B,Can't get enough of this game! New features and content being added by very active devs frequently and a great devblog to follow the progress. This game has so much potential!
,Recommended,252490,12271702,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,_cure,bears drop chicken10/10
,Recommended,252490,11228233,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ranch,"So after playing for a couple hours, I died and respawned on a seemingly desolate mountain. Soon I noticed a totally decked out guy and his naked friend walking along with assault rifles. So I jokingly ask the guy on the mic if I can have some stuff. Expecting to be shot, I was surprised when he dropped his clothes, assault rifle, and ammo for me. I suspiciously took it and then tagged along with the guy for a while. All the while I've been seeing chat messages of people saying they've ""been frisked for their rock"" or ""were held at gunpoint for their rock"". Next thing I know, the guy who gave me the equipment (named Secret Service) is frantically explaining into the mic to a panting guy holding us up with a pistol that his rocks were all in the bag on the ground. The guy holding us up is named Aquaman. He starts hissing into the mic ""WHERE'S MY ROCK?????!!!?"". While this holdup was going down I sneaked off and looted a couple bags, picking up a shotgun and 8 shells in the process. So I walk back over and, entertained by this guy and his novelty rock collection, willingly throw down my rock to expand his collection. All of the sudden I see the laser from his pistol sweep in my direction as he angrily screams into the mic ""GIVE ME YOUR SHOES THIS IS PRISON THAT'S HOW IT WORKS!"" he continued to ramble and in my panic I sunk a shotgun shell in his stomach before he could finish his next sentence, while my two new ""friends"" Secret Service and Misguided seem to be horrified. They're frantically explaining into the mic how I'm going to regret this, and I start running because surely this guy will respawn near his stash of weapons and whatnot, and he seemed like a psychopath. This kid can't even be 14. So as I'm running I fall off a cliff and break my legs, so I slowly am escorted to Secret Service's home where he gives me some medical attention and begins building me some supplies and a sleeping bag. I asked in the mic how Service knew about this kid Aquaman and asked if he was insane and next thing I know I hear the kid say ""Yes I am *cackling*"" as he drops through the roof and shoots me in the head. I never found that bunch again.10/10."
,Recommended,252490,12464642,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Paul Skinback,Naked men.
76561198012608322,Not Recommended,252490,8587983,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mega Almondy,"Had a ridiculous amount of fun the first day full of clan warfare, fueds, raids, bandit hunting was a hell of a time got raided once or twice that was fine I lost a bit but i knew I wouldn't make the same mistake the next time.Got myself a metal door and spread my loot across several vaults and I wasn't raided again.Had my awesome base tons of loot, kevlar armour weapons as much as i could ever want.Then while playing the next day after going out to get some supplies I came back and noticed my furnace was empty thats weird it must have clipped through a wall couldn't find where it clipped but thought nothing of it.I decided then to go bandit hunting alright i'll go upstairs get my supplies and then i'll be off.Zero supplies in my base except for the useless equipment all my armour, weapons and resources gone I had nothing no doors were open no walls were destroyed wall hacker had gotten into my base and taken everything.I was angry but continued heading out collecting supplies rebuilding then came back again everything gone and thats when I decided to stop playing.So while I had a great time initially I cannot in good conscience reccommend this game in the state that it is in currently it may change later but if it doesn't the community will be dead pretty damn quick."
76561198068228759,Recommended,252490,19967960,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Holdacious,You get to bash peoples skulls in with a rock while running around naked.10/10
76561198004855004,Not Recommended,252490,12718721,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,whatisbestinlife,"♥♥♥♥ early access games. Early access is a scam and anyone itching to buy into early access games should not do it, even if the games cycle is at a low point, which I think is what spawned this abomination in the first place. I'm not even sure its a good idea for game developers to put their games out as early access. Out of all my friends who own this game, (11 is not a high test pool to be fair) the highest amount of time played on this game is 18 hours. I'm giving Rust the brunt of my aggravation but this was the game I thought had the best potential and so I'm using it as the best example of why early access is a bad idea as a business model.Servers for this game refresh all the time. Why? Because once a tribe has built their fortress and geared to the max its impossible for new players to get a foothold in the world. If you die in this game- you are likely to lose everything, especially if you die in your base. This encourages server abandonment and loss of interest in the game. Thats the worst thing about this game- theres no achievement no matter how long you toil at it.The second worst thing about it is the fauna. Smaller game are completely indecipherable in the weeds that cover most of the off road map until you're standing on top of them. Everything else like bears and wolves have a similar camoflage when standing in cover and their aggro range is predictable and robotic. They have zero AI- they are automatons in wildlife skin clothing.Third and fourth are tied for the absolute horror of your avatar and its postal 2 grade animations. Every player looks like Maynard James Keenan and they skip across the landscape like Army Men- absolutely no pitch or yaw or realistic movements. You crouch to hack at a lump of ore sticking out of the ground with a rock or a wood handled stone hammer (and these ore veins poke out of the landscape like zits on a teenagers cheek)- and the material gets whittled away in goofy chunks.Its clear what the motive behind the game was by what the dev's got right- spot on gun mechanics and sound. Whoever did the sound for this game knows what an automatic rifle sounds like when its being reloaded- cheap and plastic. The sound of a sniper round chirping across a moonlit landscape is sufficiently creepy. And the sighting and firing has the stink of realism as well, but in this game you can't have your cake and eat it too- although bullets are appropriately deadly no matter what your armor- you may find yourself firing at an opponent who has the movement capabilities of an insect or UFO.This game wants to be ultra realistic in its approximation of sub-modern warfare and it wants to be minecraft at the same time. It could have done better for itself if it hadn't lured gamers with the promise of completion down the road. Now that its all that closer- I don't know a single person who is interested in it."
76561198014605348,Recommended,252490,8483732,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,rebec_leonardo,"Well,actually the game worths,the devs are improving the fps and trying to ban the cheaters with a/c."
76561198195775090,Not Recommended,252490,17617137,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Groot,"Played rust for 780 hours only to find out that the developers of rust are actually bias-ed towards some players. My and my crew in rust raided these group of people whose names will be unnamed, and when they came online and saw the grief, they weren't too happy about it, leading to them asking their fellow developer buddy for help. Unexpectedly, that developer actually helped them to remove the grief. My old base was also grief-ed by some other clans and I requested for that to be removed as well, unfortunately, my request was ignored and the dev just went offline I really liked the gameplay and how rust works but don't think this game should be on steam market if the developer are trained to be impartial.If you guys are about to buy rust and those who already owns and plays rust, I wish you all the luck you need to never bump into this developer. Very toxic server, when you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the developer's pet, you're in for a random ban by the corrupted. Facepunch Singapore ll server everyone :)"
76561197987725252,Not Recommended,252490,28558321,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,HandsomeAwkward,">Spawn in>Naked>Laggy>See other naked man>""hi"" into mic>slowly beaten to death by other naked man with a rock as I stand still and do nothing>""why are you doing this? I'm not even fighting back. I don't have any gear. I said one word to you!"">Die>Leave server>Forget I own the game>Don't play for years>Accidentally click this game in my library right now>Remember I bought this for $20 years ago and haven't played it for even half an hour>Check store page>Released in 2013>Still in early access>Three years later>Discover microtransactions have been added (edit since this review has gotten popular: purely cosmetic microtransactions)>Leave negative review♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198140986214,Not Recommended,252490,34154293,Posted: 10 August,all,Rocket Man,"For new players this game would probably be great, but the game used to be a lot better.I used to love the game, and it was a great game, but slowly and surely, ther games great qualities are being reduced and changed.What changed:1. The gunplay now is just luck with aim cones, it used to be a learnable mechanic.2. (I don't know if they have at least fixed this yet, but It is an issue) Nodes are harder to find than they used to be. Also if realism is what you want, now you can't even get any stone unless from a node dedicated to it. In real life most metals and minerals are surrounded by materials like stone.3. The game used to run on blueprints (At 1 point it also ran on xp which in my opinion was also better) and you just needed to harvest materials to make any item you have researched, now you have to farm barrels forever to try and find good weapon parts.4. If you are naked, it is usually hard to get far because with the components, people often suspect you have some and kill you to find out.5. You used to be able to get full items such as a gun from a barrel or box, now all you get are useless parts 95% of the time and the other 5% you might just get something good.6. Out of any gun that was ever good, half of them were nerfed. Now the once good guns are either never used by players or you get them instead of the guns you want.There is more but there is no point, the list above may be somewhat short, but what the list has are big changes that are tearing the game from its former glory.New players probably won't know how different the game used to be and will love the game, thats fine. I you like the survival pvp pve sort of thing, then go for it.I just wish the devs would go back to the bp or xp, or even legacy, Gary should have never left the game in the hands of helk."
,Recommended,252490,9609512,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Kozaak,"Naked dudes spanking each other with rocks until someone dies because no bandage is in sight, 69/10"
,Recommended,252490,17288679,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[Z Clan] ✅ Lelouche,This ♥♥♥♥in' game man...EDIT: Updating for the Steam Awards badge.
76561198022320677,Not Recommended,252490,12565400,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,shiipz,"Game of Hackers, The new rust is still full of hackers even though it's still under development, if you want a game where people can x-ray where you are as well as other amazing cheats to make your game a total disappointment then this is the game. Despite trying to play around this problem, and hoping that the game was cheat free it appears the same people have simply figured out how to mod the newer versions."
,Not Recommended,252490,13884029,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Athelflaed,"While playing Rust at an early stage of the Alpha it was very enjoyable . The game was very good for what it was , it had bugs, glitches etc but was a very good game that had promise .After the developers left this game (At least the original and now they have this new ""Rust"" . That runs like garbage due to poor performance issues , high demanding , and god awful graphics (Looks worst in my opinion from vanila) .The days you could have fun in Rust are over , there were a lot of hackers when I just gave up . It got so bad , having a base 3-4 hours away from any main road was ran sacked . It became a hastle , I don't reccomend this game anymore . The money could go else where , and this game will never get out of Alpha , let alone Beta . Save your money , the devs couldn't even get enough people to work on the game when they were ."
,Recommended,252490,18343885,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,f o s t .,10/10 would get told to hang myself by Russian 12 year olds again.
76561198025296495,Not Recommended,252490,8658613,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Hypersapien,"If you are considering buying into the early access of this game, at the time of this writing I would advise you not to.  Conceptually the game is great- However the servers are rife with hackers, and there seems to be nothing being done about it.  When ever I log on, I immediately notice people in chat complaining about the same few players that are always causing problems on my servers. It just seems like there's no point in logging in anymore, when you know theres 2 or 3 people teleporting around the world aim-botting everyone.  There is practically no way to make any progress in the game."
,Recommended,252490,22806516,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Delskiitot,"Remember, don't buy this if your pc is crap"
,Recommended,252490,20015399,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,『Bart - LaceUp』,Meh....
,Recommended,252490,26149353,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,RJOtto - Venatoris™,"Complaints about rust is full with ***holes, negative review is born? Complaints about endless raids on player bases, negative review is born? Complaints against Rust is too hard if the player starts it alone, negative review is born?True if you play on any offical server or on populated PvP servers.Casual players can find peace from raiders and bad*sses on PVE servers.There are many. Get one with vanilla or almost vanilla settings with some plugins, and you can start your different gameplay experience with Rust by the help of your fellow survivors. It's just a tip.Rust is a very good game, even if you are sick from PvP and raids like me, you just have to find a place that suits you. On the other hand, forget the base building, get a large wooden box or two, place it somewhere in a  hidden location, far away from the populated zone, and you can start your story as the Shadow.Collect some weapons, store it.Get some ammo, store it.Get some armor and gear, store it.Then you can start hunting the hunters. Nothing feels better than killing a large clan or raider party one by one. It feels heavenly evil. Also, after some time, having a big bad sign in the center of the map that says: ""F*ck you Yourcharnameinserthere!!!"" is priceless. Try on PvE to learn the game's basics, then start again on PvP and be the pain in the a** :) You can do it, dont give up!"
,Recommended,252490,9678334,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Voodoo,You Can Sex a cactus. This is a good game.
76561198062675372,Not Recommended,252490,31546020,Posted: 4 May,all,Antiriver13,"Was good, but the 5/4/2017 update made this game pointless to play."
,Not Recommended,252490,8053982,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,campusmaximus,"Terrible. If you just enjoy running around killing people needlessly, and destroying what other players have built and looting their homes, basically being a trolling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, then youll love this game. Just another poorly done Dayz wannabe. This is just players killiing players pretty much. Dont waste your time or money on this colossal failure"
76561198137670100,Not Recommended,252490,12642115,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,coldsteelbuff,"If you like getting  killed by hackers who use every cheat imaginable plus playing a temporary version of the game that has no real moderators its for you . On the plus side game is adictive and fun when ppl dont cheat, and might be finished someday maybe"
,Not Recommended,252490,19472311,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Chaosreaver,"The game is just a grind fest with a lot of ""PvP"" that is essentially griefing. You spend countless hours building things up only to have them stolen, broken into, or outright destroyed when you log in the next day. Not what I'd call fun. Unless you play with a group of people. I'm quite upset I even bothered to purchase this game when it was advertised around as a fun survival minecraft clone, whereas it's truly just a grief and grind fest. It's a shame because the game is quite interesting and well-designed in its crafting and building system, but actually playing the game just makes you exhausted and frustrated. At least it wasn't expensive."
,Not Recommended,252490,8630327,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fixn,"Dont buy this until the devs deal with the hackers. No point surviving when someone can walk beyond al your defences and loot you without opening a door.I lvoe the game, but ill change my tune when this is fixed."
,Not Recommended,252490,19110761,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Zilacon,"So as a player since the legacy version of rust here is my review. The legacy version was horrible, gameplay was too simple and too easy. Hackers everywhere and no way to stop them. Thankfully Garry noticed all of the flaws in the unity version that was used in the legacy version and decided to remake rust on a more up to date unity engine.I loved the new rust as it came out. Everything ran great, the gameplay was flawless, and it gave me hundreds of hours of gameplay with my friends and community to make giant bases and wage war on other groups. Recently however (last 4-5 months) it has become impossible to play. The performance has got so bad that i get an average of 8 FPS. And i got a computer that can max out everything on ultra settings and get over 100+ fps. Yes i have older hardware but 2 GTX 680's getting 10 FPS on a sandbox shooter is just wrong.Garry and the team have countlessly noted that their performance sucked. And it would be fixed this week, next week, next month, in 2 months, in 3 more weeks, etc. As i continued to wait, and wait. It was months that i could not play the game with my friends. Months i could not play something i paid for.The more stuff they update and the more content they add it seems to only make the game worse. Every single update they have done my FPS has got worse and worse. I am a pretty patient person but when i got to wait more than 6 months for a optimization fix that still has not been released. Nope.The game is great, addictive, and the weekly updates is nice. However the players are toxic, finding friends to game with on here is nearly impossible as everyone just shoots you in the face and insults you or stands outside your home and threaten to kill you in real life and ""hack/ddos"" your computer unless you give them your stuff. I am one of those players that tried very hard to be friendly, not shoot people on sight, help new people with gear and show them how to play, only for them to use the very bow and arrow i gave them to kill me.Garry/Facepunch/Rust Team need to realize that 80%+ of their players have older hardware. And a lot of them have nVidia. I have tried playing this on my AMD computer and the FPS difference is sickening. It seems like they are providing performance support for their own choice of hardware and the rest of them can go shove it.if this games performance is fixed i may change my review but as of now thats all ig ot to say."
76561197963694888,Not Recommended,252490,13012488,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Liquid $moke,New rust = Laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥Legacy = Almost perfect but WAY WAY to many cheaters. The devs refuse to add Easy Anti Cheat to the old rust forcing people to either play with cheaters or play the laggy P.O.S new rust.
,Not Recommended,252490,24579573,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Murkon,Good for clans.  If you are a solo player I'd suggest researching the game before you buy.
,Recommended,252490,31829453,Posted: 18 May,all,IkBrian,"People in rust be like:Stranger:Wanna join our clan?Me:No, Im more a solo playerStranger:Please im lonely :C.Me:No i really dont wanna join!Stranger:Are you sure about that?Me:Yes im sure.30 minutes later...Stranger finds your home and raids it.."
,Not Recommended,252490,22085095,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,|*()()/\/l3()|,"This game was fun.WAS fun.I bought this game when it first came up on steam, and I loved it. (Legacy players would know)I played it with my friends and was sadly dissapointed when the newer version came out. It looks great, and the blueprint system is still really good, but it is time consuming, time that I never had.If you can play this everyday then good for you. I never could, only on weekends because my week was filled with other crap. If you don't have friends or clanmembers who play 24/7 then you're constantly fearing for your safety (in the game of course)That's another thing. While the idea is great and it's not going to get abandoned anytime soon, if you're not in a clan, well then you're at a loss.All the wipes the servers are doing to prevent clans from becoming so powerfull they'll rule the RUST steam forum page, they are causing other players, who are in it for the building and crafting, to lose weeks of progress.With all that said, if you don't find the above reasons a problem, then feel free to buy it, it is a fun game, I just lost the love for it.PS.This review does not reflect the official servers, I'm from South Africa so I could never connect (I know it's depressing).This is just my opinion on the User created servers.(Sorry for the bad English)"
76561198093468017,Not Recommended,252490,22454084,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Aegon,"Great game. Rubbish community, don't play the game. Because like most survival games, the community is crap and full of toxic little russian kids. Other than that the game itself is great."
76561198097312450,Recommended,252490,15876397,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Nikobain,"Walked a for a good three hours then reached a town,first thing i see is a pile of dead people with a sign saying ""Pile O' Dead Ni**ers"".Then proceded to get bashed to death by about five naked guys wielding stones.10/10 would stone again"
,Recommended,252490,35351607,Posted: 30 September,all,Hybrid,"Rust is a true gem to the survival/building genre. Very fun to run around with friends, not a great solo game.Facepunch Studios does a great job at updating their game and constantly and putting out new updates. Good work to them.If you're looking for a game to run around with while surviving through fun PvE content all while building a pretty epic base. Check Rust out, worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,252490,22950070,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,cobus krüger,"Don't get me wrong the core mechanics make this a decent game. It has fun gun play, solid building mechanics and good progression.BUT, I cannot recommend it. The game is absolutely riddled with hackers and game breaking exploits. Until hard bans and more vigilant admins become a thing avoid Rust like the plague."
76561198029896681,Not Recommended,252490,22985622,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Brendetlef,"Played this game on an official server and im fairly shocked. Hackerinfested, full of bugs/bugusing and a community you like to slap until they say ""thank you"". It´s early access, okay, i get it. But if I have to pay 20 bucks to do the testing for the developers and experience a mostly frustrating gameplay, well that´s a little bit too much for my taste. Be smart, invest the money in booze and wait until the game is further in it´s developing state. For now, I feel like taken for a ride."
,Recommended,252490,11573091,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Supreme Leader,I asked a guy for food but he shot me.10/10
,Recommended,252490,15719352,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,OkravaazDraaf,"Hello everybody! It's been a while since I've written a review, and this review is certainly late for the party. I've been playing since legacy, so I think my opinions are valid for such a time requiring game. Anyways, off to the review!NOTE: I will be reviewing experimental, because it has grown enough to be considered the main game.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Optimization: This game is generally well optimized on its own, but it can be unreliable at times because your framerate also relies on the server host. Other than that, this game can run on all current PCs, but to run it on lesser ones you must also lower your graphics(as expected). (9/10)Graphics: The game looks amazing for what it used to look like back in the 'Legacy' version of the game. I'll find myself completely absorbed and immersed because of the atmosphere this game introduces through the sunsets, the views, and the changes in screen overlay depending on the scenery. However, there are still some shading and shadow issues, which can ruin far terrain sometimes. (8/10)Gameplay: The game is very fun, don't get me wrong, but I feel that it lacks in certain areas. It is time consuming and difficult to build a base good enough to let you sleep and go about the week, let alone protecting yourself from larger raid-clans and dealing with building decay. From this, it becomes very tedious and the overall result makes you sad to go back to it. In the end, you do have some good memories colaborating with the community, which is why I give this section a (7/10).Originality: Everyone likes an original game, don't they? Well sometimes you have to borrow assets from other games to make said game original. Rust takes most of its communal elements from concepts used (and poorly delivered) in DayZ, and then combines it with other more sandbox like games to create a truly original game. You'll find yourself in wars, disputes, and towns because of the community colaboration's odd concoction with the sandbox elements. In the end, I think this game gave me some unique memories that I'll never forget. (10/10)Social Ease and Affect: My special category for this game is social ease and affect. By this, I (of course) don't mean how many players have social deficits. Rather, I am judging how the game allows and effects communication with fellow players. Anyways, the microphone compatability along with other people being able to manipulate you when you're offline really adds a sense of realism when it comes to social interaction. You'll find yourself having similar social disputes you'd have in real life, just on a more paleolithic scale. Social interaction is easy, as it is just the hit of the V button. Also, mouths moving when words come out adds a nice touch. (10/10)The total score of this game is an 88/100, or about a 9/10. Basically, that means it is rising far above most AAA games and is DEFINETLY worth your time, if you have a lot to spare of course."
,Not Recommended,252490,12844845,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/tofutehsurvivor,"**UPDATED REVIEW AS OF 6/1/2015**I played Rust again seriously for the first time in almost a year tonight, and it was great. Now, I'm not sure just how great it was since I didn't run into any players that weren't sleeping, but I'm sure I was having fun in some way. The house building mechanics are definitely more improved now, but I feel like it was ten times harder to navigate and find my friend. The severe lack of landmarks across a majority of Hapis had me searching for nearly two hours. Also, we just up and find C4 blueprints now? I feel like I've been cheated out of my time/effort from the old days when hunting a C4 down just to copy it to a schematic was like end game stuff, and now this? Damn. Overall, I just hope this game will feature less kids next time I get on and there's more than my friend and I on our server we chose. It'll be really awesome to meet all of the new and interesting players that will KOS because they've swrorn to role play as bots from a late-90's fps games like Quake.**OLD REVIEW**If I had payed $5 more, I could have just bought7 Days To DieInstead when I had originally blown $20 to buy this. I regret nearly every hour put into this early access game so far when I look back at it. I'm even referring to the hours that were spent in laughter of stupid things company and I were doing. It was all for naught, and Facepunch only updates this game once every so months now. I think I invested a better $20 intoValkyria Chronclesjust the other day.Point: only buy this game if you feel like you hate yourself, and can't afford an extra $5-$10 for a better early access game. Actually, just do yourself a favor, spend under $10, and get100% Orange Juiceinstead. That seems to go on sale every other week for less than $4 to boot. It's more playable with friends minus wanting to pound nails into your male reproductive organ.Also, the community is full of annoying kids. That's the worst part about it.**UPDATE**The meta-game isn't fun either. It's just like playing the real game, except now it's just a text adventure with kids."
,Not Recommended,252490,13379831,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Lito,Neither playable nor enjoyable at this stage of development.. wasted the money :-(
76561198054055910,Not Recommended,252490,16063946,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Xavia,"After playing extensively on the ""old rust"" and the amount in which i enjoyed it,  was unbelievable, raiding, grouping up, viewing on the online map and navigating it, ive decided to write a new review and delete my old one for the ""new rust"" after playing many hours, starting fresh, Different servers, different Social tests, it's come to my attention.*****NEW RUST ****This Game is possibly one of the most irritating Pieces of Sh!T ever made, Not only is the wild life scarce the map F***ing huge now, but the social aspect, EVERY player will Kill you on sight, Spawn Kill you. literally, there is 4 spawns on a beach, in which people Which AK-47 wait and spawn kill. In which Even if you make it out alive, you'll still die before you've even killed enough animals, let alone found them for 50 bloody cloth.In total they have completely Ruined Rust, the atmosphere of it, and even the popularity of it. Pretty soon the Dev's are gonna stop developing the game for the simple fact, new players are quitting, the community is dropping tenfold and people aren't enjoy this.The game is fairly simple, yet ruined by 12 year olds.1/10 new rust1/10 experience (social experiment) died 73 times at a spawn point in an hour on London II Server, (100 people)8/10 Graphics1/10 social/community imput. Everyone will kill you. even if you're naked.10/10 building10/10 Creation system1/10 player baseDO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HOURS OF ANNOYANCE  OF LEARNING"
,Recommended,252490,17919027,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,BRUXXUS,"This is Early Access done right!Been playing since day 1, and it's been quite an adventure. First, the game is wildly addictive and fun. I play on my own low population server since most players are jerks. I'm hoping they add in some more environmental threats and NPCs to give people something to do other than kill and grief eachother.Within the last few months the game has finally surpassed legacy in playability and fun. The choice Facepunch made to basically start over is paying off. We're starting to see new stuff added much more frequently and the Workshop is really cool if you're into cosmetic items.The game is much more tedious if you're a solo player, but it's also rewarding to build a whole base by yourself.Every time I play I'm struck by how beautiful the game has become. Just running across the island lets you see so many amazing landscapes.Finally, I love the weekly dev blogs. I've learned so much about the development process from keeping up with this game. Facepunch does the best job of listening to the community while filtering out all the idiots that are constantly complaining. This game is definitely worth the price."
76561198004637044,Not Recommended,252490,8802610,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Witold,"This game has potential. But I don't see a future if developers won't find a way to prevent idiots from killing everyone around them. I know idiots are idiots, but killing with a gun every newbie while he's trying to kill a pig to eat something... well it just has to be corrected."
76561198091136328,Not Recommended,252490,15875767,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Eqqsquizitine Buble-Schwinslow,"It is a very fun and addictive game, however, you will also waste literally all the time you put into it. No matter what you most likely will get raided and lose all the work you did. The only way to survive is to be on 24/7."
,Recommended,252490,9279455,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MailOrderPotato,"Dropped into this mysterious world of Rust, there I was lost in the wild with only a rock to weigh me down. As the sun set on this world devoid of humans a flicker of light caught my eye. There it was at last! Humanity! A sign of life! Quickly I made my way over to them where I was then held at gun point by two players. I begged for a sign of mercy, I explained that I was merely a lone survivor looking to group up to take on the world. It took some convincing but under their wing I went. They taught me how to build my first house. They found me food, clothing and weapons, all things I so desperately needed to survive. How ever food was scarce, ammo was low and people were slowly moving in on our territory. I quickly learned that this relationship wouldn’t work, I had to survive. It was me or them and I was playing to live, because of this I had to do one of the hardest things, take the other two out, with the very gun that was given to me! It was me or them and I had to survive. Its situations like this that make this game so worth while, to observe how other people act towards one another when pitted against starvation and limited resources. The results will scare you. Rust is a survival open world crafting game that is currently available for PC and in this players are dropped into a world with no direction, no objective, no help. You are simply put into the world and forced to learn. For some the game is a lot to take in and I can admit that even I was overwhelmed in the beginning but you grow into it, and once familiarize with your world, you get lost in it. Rust is a time consumer in that you are always prone to attack, players work with one another or work against one another in trying to take the resources that you have worked so hard to obtain. Rust is a high risk high reward game in where a death results in the loss of everything putting you back at square one. Its not for the faint of heart but a definite worth of the 20$ price tag it holds. I find myself discovering new areas, people and structures in Rust everyday that keeps me coming back. I would definitely recommend Rust, not only for the game play that is easily learned but the feeling the game gives you when you set out to raid another playing and the adrenaline rush that comes from knowing that you might not come back from this alive."
00110001001100110,Not Recommended,252490,8012430,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Linux,"This Game is Horrible Play only if you have the intention to deal with the most ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people on earth. Everyone is ♥♥♥♥ing HOSTILE. THERE IS NO MAP. NO COMPASS NOTHING TO HELP DIRECT YOU. AND EVERYONE IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥-Edit 12/14/2013So far I have found a decent server to play on. There slowly fixing some problems like items dissappering from houses. They need to make a door that doesnt break. If you start playing this game try to make some friends asap on a large server this is the only way to survive, and stay away from air drops unless your armed.Its slowly getting better but playing by yourself in the game will be horrible."
,Not Recommended,252490,8015876,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Turdle,"Would not recommend in current state. Incredible lag, excessive amounts of people speaking other languages on english speaking servers, too many Kill on Sight people who have managed to somehow get weapons and clothing that just shoot absolutely everyone they can. Needs to be fixed if i'm ever going to play it again. Wasted $20 on♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,252490,8376090,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Luke,"rust is dusttoo much grass, runs like a s s"
,Not Recommended,252490,15777883,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr Feudal,"Well done on revampping it. It's nice to see I can actually play the game now without increased spikes of latency.However this is a good game with a sour and contagious community who have no concept to helping new players.If anything the time I spent going server to server to find people who were willing to help me is next to none. 1 person helped me and we both got killed by a kid squeaking over the mic ""haha you died""... Cool rub it in,It is a good game but theres too many bad players on here: I managed to kill one and I still got abuse and cursed at becasue I defended myselfThe game is good, the community is bad, for that I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,252490,23853561,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,๖ۣۜInnocent bear dont die,♥♥♥♥♥community
,Not Recommended,252490,33915128,Posted: 30 July,all,Uncle N8-O,As a player who has played this game since legacy. I love the game and not complaining about the direction it has went. But! With that said this game has been out since 2013 and still is infested with cheaters. I cant recommend this game as i will play on servers where i will continually see cheaters playing day after day.. Now eventually they may be banned but the damage most likely has already been done and therefore players will quit the server/wipe killing servers in certain instances. After all these yars and they still dont have a grip on this issue.. As it stands i dont reccomend this to anyone until they implement a new anti cheat system. I think the issue is overlooked and not being taken seriously because the amount of extra money they recieve from repeat affenders buying the game.To sum it up: No one likes earning something and then having it taking away by someone who can kill you anywhere anytime.
,Not Recommended,252490,25498565,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jake,Absolute bag o' wank
,Recommended,252490,16509613,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Stacey,"Rust was my first pc game love (except Mr Blobby in 1995 on my first PC).The emotions I experienced when I was a noob on the legacy version was totally unreal! Fear, rage, anger, devastation.. The list goes on!Legacy started to get boring with no updates and hackers everywhere with a new hack/trick every hour of the day, so I stopped playing for a while. I didn't like the new version as it was laggy and boring the first time I played it.A few months later I went back and fell in love all over again. It is an awesome game, you meet some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and some helpful people. There is so much to do/learn on the new version that it takes a while to get your base up to scratch and ammo/weapons etc. This is why I stopped playing, the weekly wipes bored the crap out of me. I will 100% go back to the game, just waiting for more updates and hopefully the weekly wipes will have stopped.Finding a good server is so hard, but once you have one that's good the game becomes brilliant.This is the best game I have ever or ever will purchase."
76561198120594782,Not Recommended,252490,11845996,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Glajimator,I would really like to reccomend this one because its a really good game but the 2 major problems outweigh everything good this game has to offer.HACKERS make the game litteraly unplayable and ruin the experience for all the other players.The number of hackers is way too high and there is really no point at all to establish your foundation and progress in the game since everything can be taken away with non legit ways.My experience is bad and i feel bad because this is such a beautiful game.Second problem is the community which is really toxic and negative against newcomers i only felt similar way when i played lol in the past.Anyway i gave up Rust and its really a shame i cannot reccomend this wonderful game i hope the developers will really find a solution to this but in its current state i cannot reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,252490,21055513,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mariosam100,"If you want a survival game and that's it, find something else, if you want building complex bases and upgrading this is for you, if you like a friendly community step away.Although the graphics and other features of the game are amazing, it's the online community that worries me. The farthest I've got was crafting a stone hatchet. And after that I only survived 30 minutes. But, if you're looking for a hardcore kill or be killed survival game, then this one is for you. Also, you're gonna be grinding resources a lot.From what I personaly have been through, I would not recommend this."
,Not Recommended,252490,13978820,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Chase,"I bought Rust back when zombies were a thing, the game was beautiful, like an uncut diamond. It had so much potential but the developers have changed the game and not for the better, I played today for the first time in a year and the game felt even less finished than previously. The graphics are better but the whole design, UI, controls have become clunky and guttered. There was less hacking but everyone seemed to have get a hard on for killing people who held nothing but a rock.Yes Rust is about survival and no rules apply but there it is more fun when there is collaboration not just mindless killing, the backwards step combined with the 12 year olds lusting for killing makes me dislike what Rust has become.EDIT: Came back after a friend bought the game and tried it out, some new features were interesting and everything looked better however, the graphics are much more intensive though and my computer struggled to handle it. One thing I saw disgusted me though, charging such high prices to 'skin' items.At the end of the day, still not out of Alpha two years later."
76561198086283099,Not Recommended,252490,20457872,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Weaponized Autism,"I will admit I hae had alot of fun playing this game, but i see it going downhill.   With the ongoing development of this game I have seen the devs actually remove more content than they add.  Many of the things removed were major parts of the game(zombies, rad towns, etc).  The survival is way too easy resulting in most of my enjoyment of the game coming from my interactions with other palyers but the community is becoming more difficult to enjoy as the game goes on.  I found it nearly impossible to avoid greifing and rading by glitchers and people cheating their way into my bases.  I have also found that once you go offline pretty much anyone can have their way with your base and your items which you worked so hard to get becasue there is no defense for offline players.  There is also no chance of having complex interaction with anyone in this game due to the extremely toxic community as you are simply shot on sight by everyone, this removes the entertainment value of being able to communicate and interact with other players like the game intended.TLDR- Survival is way too easy and the community sucks leaving nothing to enjoy in the game itself"
,Recommended,252490,8542314,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kenuty,"*Note Game is Early Access, so Review is going to change once full version is available*You can check out my shenneniganson steam videos.This game is fun, you can role play as the good/bad guy in this game, make friends or really pvp them and its in alpha phase, the game is about an open world dayz+minecraft sort of game, you gear up and make weapons, cut wood, make a base, mine ores, create weapons and armors and then you kill or do whatever you want in a world where the players build thier own laws. you want to be the good guy in white knight armor? Go for it and gather an army, you want to be an evil♥♥♥♥♥and take over the world killing everyone in sight? GO FOR IT! The players make the laws here!Unless you play on a pve server to just build bases (which is kinda boring)I cannot wait to see this game progress. Right now I cannot recommend the game only for one reason,the game is choke full of hackers and more hackers.you'll spend days building an awsome base maybe gunning down some peoplebut there areAimbottersWallhackersWalllootersflyersWorst of all is that these guys dominate the official server hard and yet to see a vac ban in action.After getting hacked 9 times and spending hours with friends enjoying the game I have had enough and will wait till this issue is fixed.otherwise this is the only major complaint about the game I haveThe hacking is strong with this one.My advice?play on servers with whitelist or constant active admins! wait for the vac bans to kick in, give em time because vac takes a bit, even though it is an alpha game, the experience for this game is phenominal and it has more to offer than dayz standalone does at the moment for those deciding between the 2, also the creator is gary newman himself from gmod. this is his game and he gave us the power to set the laws, awsome game and not only that, but only a quarter of this game map has nodes in it at the moment. Tons of future updates on weaponry and vehicles zomg cannot wait! this game will grow to become one of the best game you'll ever play.Also check out my videos of my adventures everytime I turn on rust, You cannot believe how much fun this game is even if you aren't playing the game correctly. the interaction between players in this game is kodak memories.+Awsome open world gameplay multiplayer online only+weapon crafting and base building heck yes+More stuff coming+Its only alpha and has so much+Players set the law+server holds up to the hundreds+maps will be huge, vehicles, more weapons inc.+Animals all drop chicken breast-Graphics are ok, could be better, everyone always turns off the grass so its impossible to hide in it so perhaps it'll be perma on in the future-night only last 15 mins or so-too many hackers atm"
76561198047378868,Not Recommended,252490,29794827,Posted: 8 February,all,promega,"I played the hell out of this with friends in the legacy days. Though not as good as it was with friends, it was playable alone as well. Even after the frustrating desync issues and seemingly regular denial of service attacks on servers, over all rust legacy was a lot of fun... and its never coming back, and i respect the developers for wanting to keep in line with their original goal. I think i payed like 10 bucks back then for it, and, well, i feel bad for paying so low given the hours i put into it with friends.But on to the game in its current state....When rust ""experimental"" was released it looked cool, i gave it a good attempt, kinda missed the zombies, but i had known that they weren't planned to be a permanent fixture. I liked it enough to sink a few more hours into the game.Since then my feelings towards this game have deterriorated.While i still think it would be good for a few evenings of play with friends, it just hasn't hit the spot for me like legacy did, or even the earlier releases of experimatal/2/non-legacy.The developers seem to be in some sort of creative flux:+ Content and visual design seems to be improving+ Introduced a XP, then removed it again. Good move, but...- Removed blueprints too, which IMO removed some of the competitiveness over rad towns and landmarks- Resources enough aren't enough to spur on competitiveness, i was on a 100 player server and found plenty... except animals (which after circumnavigating the map, didn't see a single one the other night)- While bear attacks suck, i don't feel like i'm under constant threat, apart from other players with better equipment who kill on sight.- Servers now end up completely littered with empty and broken into bases, even 1 or two days after a wipe.- Their aim to encourage exploration doesn't quite hit the mark. I have very little reason to now. While the proc-gen is impressive, then only reason i have to for exploring is finding an un-colonised space to begin seting up a base that i've got very little reason to since i don't have to compete for diddly-squat.While it can still be fun having raiding wars with friends against other groups, its pretty boring played alone (aside from treating it as an fps), and there are plenty better FPS games out there, even within the survival and crafting genre,TL;DR: Was fun, then got weird, then got boring,But it does look pretty good.5/10 - Maybe I will throw spears while naked at other players yelling 'ooga booga' at them again.... time will tell.Edit: FYI I got my moneys worth in legacy and have no regrets."
76561198127803128,Recommended,252490,29738493,Posted: 6 February,all,long chin man,pros: you can kill peoplecons: people can kill you
,Recommended,252490,8608466,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,noscope nancy,The only game where taking chocolate from old naked men can save your life!
,Not Recommended,252490,15928458,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Stab Master Arson,spend hours collecting sticks and rocks just to get your skull caved in by someone 30 seconds after making a house
76561198035569841,Not Recommended,252490,12958531,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MinecraftMatty,"After playing 100 hours of ""LEGACY"" I.E. Rust I came back to realize that it has been replaced with a lagging pile of crap worse than the original game. Whatever I guess."
,Not Recommended,252490,25494404,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,N. Petrova,"If you are playing with your friends can be good game but the other side stay as far away from this game as possible, annoying bugs and some cheaters can be frustrating"
76561198197074628,Recommended,252490,15314660,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,KeepItStreet,"To start it off you guys are most likely wondering if this game is worth buying and what it has to offer, from bad to good.Let's start with bad:*Updates are fair but could be faster for what little they add*Lots of death (Also part of the good :D)*Lots of jerks*A fair sum of bugsNow the good:*The death and grind combine to surprisingly make the game a refreshing experience every time you die, with costs, but these costs give you new goals that make you want to continue playing the game further.*Advanced building mechanics*Great FPS mechanics (except for the drop on some of the guns, an AK shouldn't have an insane amount of drop at only 80 meters and should probably do a little bit more damage but cost more)*C4!!! The raiding! A blood pumping, heart racing feeling you really don't get over.*The asthetics, this game is a really beautiful game.*The events, I've had so many memories on this game that I won't be forgetting for awhile.With all of this to mind, the pros beat the cons and my personal opinion to this, is that this game is epic, just get it.9/10 - (10/10 if updates would come sooner.)"
76561198110657702,Not Recommended,252490,8442225,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Trivial Trifle Truffles,"Rust, unfortunately is currently in its alpha, making it sometimes unstable, glitchy, lacking features and profection, however when the game does work and you are playing with no problems, or only very small problems then the game is quite fun and entertaining. This game can keep you entertained for several hours. Rust much is more fun to play with a friend then on your own, and is much more challenging on your own.Rust is one of the hardest PVP and PVE games I have ever played. The game will definetly appeal to those who are seeking a fun and extremely challenging game. However playing this game with friends does decrease the difficulty however finding each other may be hard, especially with no current map to use.All in all, with the game only its alpha stage it go and become a great game from here or become a peice total♥♥♥♥♥♥ but currently it is very fun especially when playing with others, even with its glitches and crashing, but because Rust is in Alpha and costs $19.99, I can't truelly say that it is worth that, so I would not currently recommend Rust."
,Recommended,252490,11017238,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Vegetabledude,"I was about to leave the game because of the Hackers, bugs, 15 yearold abusive admins etc. But i waited, my life changed quickly in a good way, I started to play harder,  Now i have a girlfriend, 6 houses and 10 slaves."
,Recommended,252490,10075087,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Kewlcat Kaito,"If your name is Gloves, you should get this."
76561198131646919,Recommended,252490,34418226,Posted: 22 August,all,.... Some Call Me Tim,I'd Much Rather Be A German Soldier Stationed On The Eastern Front Then Play This ...
76561198043236859,Not Recommended,252490,22408226,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Beiige,"I guess you could call me a, ""salty gamer,"" but I strongly dislike this game for the community that it has created. Very few people help you out, unless you type in chat your questions. most kill you without warning. They kill you for; not having a mic to talking back with them, being unarmed or defenseless, kill you when you have no hostile intent or provoke, or just to kill you and loot what little resources that you have. I get it,♥♥♥♥♥♥happenes, people will do those things. Violence is human nature, and will defently be prevalent in these types of online games. It's irratating, But In the 2hrs that I played I lost all intrest in ever coming back to play this game for those exact reasons. Don't get me wrong, playing solo would be okay with other mates, but after experiencing the game like I did I'm not going to put in that time. It's a fantastic game, in the sense of what it aims to be, a survivel game. It's just the community of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that ruined this game for me. Would I recommend this game to mates? Maybe. But would advise them to mainly play solo, or with people they know before joining any servers with more than 30-50 random people, or more, where they are subject to the onslaught of senseless killing and looting. I now know why I stopped playing after 20mins when the game first came out, and why I stop playing now. Why I thought people would change in game idk. I was wrong, clearly.10/10 game wise0/10 community wise"
,Recommended,252490,17099238,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,PZ ツ,"Last time I've played this game, there was zombies in it.They did remove them.Now, we have bears and wolf attacking us, which is ok.Problem is.. there's not so many bears and wolf.This game needs more challenge.Yes it's a PVP game.Yes you will make friend and you will for sure make ennemies, which is what gives you an actual challenge.. killing peoples and not getting killed!But that's it.I know this game is still not a finished product and I hope it will get better. I'm sure it will.. you know why?Because now the game as better graphics, better crafting method/materials, randomly generated maps, new weapons (melee, gun etc.) , you can even spawn a sleeping bag to a friend so he can teleport next to you! NO NEED TO SEARCH EACH OTHERS FOR YEARSSS .. just joking.. but you get the point.All in all, this game is good, I can even say it will become GREAT but it takes time and I understand that.Judging by my review intro.. i'm sure you were thinking ""negative review on this game"" but nah.. I just started with that I think should be worked on and finished with what I think it's good.So yeah, get your friends in this game, build a house, gather ressources together..and lets f**king RAID everyone else in the server!! :D"
,Not Recommended,252490,8343568,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Col,DO NOT BUY!!!! HACKERS/CHEATERS/NO ADMINS/DUPERS
,Recommended,252490,20030880,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,I_NEED_21EEP,spent half a day collecting resources and building a housethen 2 armed guys broke into my house and made me watch as they steal everything i got and tear my house apart before they brutally murdered me with my own knife9/10 would feel depressed again
,Recommended,252490,17786297,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Shini,"Basically minecraft for c*nts, brilliant."
,Not Recommended,252490,21616958,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,luke,"100% ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to play solo, your ripped apart before you have enough to make a shack..."
76561198081694822,Recommended,252490,17982217,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Albus✠,"Spent the first 5 hours gathering supplies and building a base, got killed on a supply run before placing sleeping bag, next 17 hours spent in an infuriating rage trying to find my base while avoiding natural selection, found my base and realized the key i made for the door was looted from my first corpse... sad face, developed PTSD.Rust society has developed into a mix between anarchism and feudalism. You can actually work out deals with other players, for example I was offered protection in return for a percentage of what i farm (rock,wood,fur,etc.) or a bunch of new spawns might have the sense to form a temporary alliance when faced with a common enemy etc.. As frustrating as this game can be, once you eventually build a base, have weapons to defend it, better machines to gather resources, and peasant noobs knocking on your front door for assistance the experience feels very rewarding.Tips for noobs:Avoid most humans like the plague.Plan ahead.Build your base at 5am when most are sleeping.If possible try to establish trade link with at least one player.Try to avoid fights if unsure of outcome, run like ♥♥♥♥ for the hills and fight another day.Avoid dense populations, build base in isolated areas with terrain advantage.8/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,8059282,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,EatGamer,"The game has potential but their early access alpha is plagued by overcrowded servers, an unstable client and very, VERY poor lag. Wait till the game goes gold before putting money into this one - the potential isn't worth the frustration."
,Recommended,252490,19875104,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BillFnMurray,"I took a chance and spent $20. That was in March of 2015 (I think) Anyway, I have played Rust for almost a 1000 hours at this point. It has been one of the best games I've ever played. The dev team tries to fix bugs as fast as possible. They are active on reddit and reading the communities suggestions. They are OPEN to good and bad opinions. They are very transparent. They are aware if something they put in makes the game worse or better. FacePunch is probably the best dev team I've ever encountered. I watched a stream yesterday and a FacePunch dev was in a official server deleting bases of those who were glitching inside rocks.If you have 20 bucks to spend and you want endless hours of fun. Buy it. No it's not fun if you lone wolf. Get a few buddies. Buy it. Build. Have fun! You can build massive castles or just small secretive shacks. In Rust you play however you want. That's the beauty of it.Oh and cheaters get banned :) win!"
,Not Recommended,252490,21959470,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ludical,"It's okay, but not for me, hard to do anything without your fellow man beating you to death with a rock/stick/knife/etc when I thought it would be more about creatively crafting stuff and surviving and working together, which no one wants to do because no one trusts each other. It's very time consuming. All I've done was collect wood and rock and coal and stuff and with all the murdering I just decided to say ♥♥♥♥ it. And man the graphics and loading times reaaaaly need to be optimized, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ GTA 5 loads much faster and looks about 5x better. I had way more fun taking to people in chat about various things unrelated to the game."
76561197971165023,Not Recommended,252490,14556500,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Democracy!,"If you do not have friends that play this game DO NOT get it or you will just be shooting yourself in the foot. Every server is run by huge/several groups of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that are on powertrips and kill everything in sight. And Gary just keeps making it so the people that play alone can never get an airdrop or have a place for more than a night or two without a 10 man raid coming through and wiping out 5 hours worth of work in 5 minutes. There is zero insintive to not shoot someone on sight and most of the people that play seem to be greifing kids that do exactly that.Edit: They have been progressivly pushing out solo players each update and I see no end in sight. I really wanted to play this game but i see that wish coming to an end. I spent 3 hours building a base today just to have 2 dudes rip it apart in less than 30 seconds. waste of time/waste of money at this point, until they add an insentive to not KOS or spawn camp fresh spawns stay as far away as possible."
76561197994031592,Not Recommended,252490,34910958,Posted: 12 September,all,Velociraver,"Rust is a psychological horror simulation based on the classic novel Lord of the Flies. You wake up naked on an island full of sadistic, prepubescent 13 year olds with endless free time who have been given infinite access to semi-automatic weapons, ammo and cocaine. Armed with only a rock and (I'm not even joking here) your flacid, flopping about♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your only objective is to provide schadenfreude for the little maggots by letting them murder and humiliate you as you struggle hopelessly to feed and clothe yourself in their custom-built torture arena. Somewhere between a form of masochistic BDSM and outright cucking, Rust is certain to be a hit with anyone who derives pleasure from being humiliated and degraded while naked. Otherwise this might not be the game for you.I recorded some of the gameplay herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLts-sXlLEM"
76561198058980501,Not Recommended,252490,21615094,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,/MythrilForge,"This games community is the literal form of cancer. People will kill you on sight as a fresh spawn for their simple pleasure, unless you know lots of people that are on this game then dont even bother. keep your money for a steam sale."
,Recommended,252490,9622942,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,aStiffSausage,"This early-access game is kind of like ""modern society simulator"". Finding the right server and community to play with, being part of that community, getting friends, getting betrayed, and a lot more is included in this game.The company developing this game, Facepunch, developer of Garry's Mod, keeps the game updated, and it contains loads of fun, especially if taking into consideration the fact that it's still in alpha-stage. Bugs and such do exist in the game, though usually they are minor, and the most major ones are fixed by the team in few weeks, even days.Getting started in Rust is going to be a long journey if you have no knowledge of the game. Gathering enough resources to craft your very first Stone Hatchet is a satisfying trip to learning more about the game, and what you might find when proceeding closer to the end-game gear. Got your base ready, set of Kevlar equipped, enough weaponry to beat anyone who comes at you? Go and blast a wall of another player. Grab all the loot you can. Get the hell out. Developed better tactics for... Whatever you might need. Raiding, building, surviving, trading, there are several things where you can develop.Tl;dr, if you have any doubt if you should buy this or not, I recommend to do so. The game is still unfinished, but still great.Update: 2 years later, still a good game and updated."
76561198268155690,Not Recommended,252490,23924897,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lurkar,"The game is really good but unless you play on a empty server you will never progress coz you will get killed by players with better gear. 2% of players will randomly help you then when your finally making progress the 98% of players will come and kill you, not for your loot just to mess up your game. WOuld not recommend this game unless you have friends that play it or willing to play on empty servers coz u will have a bad time trust me"
76561198055877240,Not Recommended,252490,22697930,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ocelot,"I thought I was buying a video game, not a social experiment."
76561197970512766,Not Recommended,252490,28275389,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mandinga,Really bad community.  This game needs a single player option because the community kills it for me.
76561198108340071,Not Recommended,252490,22481984,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Onkel Tom,"Rust is a great game. You gather ressources to craft tools and weaponsand build a home.During the night you can refine the ores to getmetal or sulfur.Next day you can try out your weapons in some pvp.But even if Rust is a good game you will have to log out sometime.If you login you are dead, your house , weapons and tools are gone.Isn't that fun?***for best game experience repeate those steps over and over ."
,Not Recommended,252490,28250692,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,NEKØ,"Game CAN be fun, but it is the most rage enducing game i've ever played. The community is toxic, nobody is nice and overall a waste of money.Don't buy it, save your money. It'll save you a LOT of stress, and you can probably buy a game without a community full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,252490,9142716,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,-=CG=- Blitz,"As I sat there butchering peices of delicious bonless chicken breast from the deer I had just slain a pale naked man walked over towards me, I of course brandishing an m4 carbine meant him no harm as he grew closer I assured him I would not shoot him and even offered some of my delicious cooked chicken as I figured the poor man must be hungry. It was at this point five other naked men emgerged from seemingly out of no where! Weilding nothing but rocks I clutched my m4 tightly as beads of sweat ran down my manly bare shaven chest. They ran towards me enmass screaming jibberish I feared for my life, I was clad in pure leather all beit a shirt. I was a sex toy waiting to happen for these monsters. I ran and ran, they chased me relentlessly. Though I had the upperhand with my rifle, something about six men rushing me with their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥flopping about surged fear within me, my base and group so far off away I had made way to my makeshift wooden shelter. Rushing in I hurriedly closed my door as I became surrounded by the group of six men. They shouted for me to open my door and they promised to not go in dry and to use spit as lube. I forsaw my fate as my♥♥♥♥♥began to count it's last moments. They began smacking my little shack one shouting ""Ima make you squeal boy"" I reloaded my m4 putting in a fresh clip awaiting my fate as I would not go down without a fight. Suddenly automatic gunfire filled the air bullets smacked into my defenseless little hut. An angel had been sent down to liberate me as he told me to open up I came out to greet him and his friends. Only to find they were not too friendly theirselves, they demanded I give them my pants and other clothign items. Agreeingly I did and surprisingly I was let free to return home. 15/10 Chased by ripped naked men and forced to walk home naked. Best twenty bucks, ever."
76561198005158077,Not Recommended,252490,8728635,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KerbostanKommand,"Hard to do a fair review of this game. The game itself is mostly brilliant. The world is large but not too expansive and the survival and building mechanics are fun and interesting and a good challange. The game hits the toilet when you factor players into it. It feels as though you must have someone on at literally every hour of the day to stop other players blowing up your base and stealing all you progress and after the third or fourth time it can be really deflating. also the fact that players can kill your character while you are offline means that if another player has progressed to the point they can reach your safe area they will most certainly take you out and lift whatever gear you have. The majority of players like this also remove your spawn casting you back to the wilderness. With going on a tirade, the game is fun, but you will not spend long on it without a large group of friends willing to be the bullies of the server."
76561198081213982,Not Recommended,252490,24319990,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,lil pumper,"It was a great game, so they completely scrapped it for Rust 2.0. It took me a while but I finally got hooked on the new Rust but that isn't the first mistake Facepunch made that had outcry from their growing fan base. Which the introduction of the XP System we've seen three wipes of the official servers it's gotten to the point that Seattle 1 at its peak has 50 or lower players the highest pop servers are Tokyo and Moscow. As of 7/14/16 do not buy this game, Facepunch doesn't listen to their fans, bans them from their forums dismisses any suggestions and goes through with buggy updates that end with everyone's stuff being wiped in order to ""Fix Issues"", if you have a brain, you will wait until release!"
,Recommended,252490,21805254,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Noire ❀|Neko Black Heart|❀,"Start game :>Find some german guysThey invite me to their baseI see lots of guys pointing guns at meSee Nazi Symbols...(Im fked)They say to me ""hail hitler""(again im so fked)*Says a lot of german stuff*(again... im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fked)*they stare at me and say*""Die chocolate man"" with an broke speech*Get shotted by an Tons of guns and an RPG*The endIm not lying...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=644253180Btw its an nice game :>""HAIL HITLER"" - Wierd guys in an base"
76561198149469590,Recommended,252490,19398430,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MainStream,My Story in Rust-Need wood to build house-Make ax-Go choppy choppy on tree-Thwack-Arrow goes above my head-Turn around-Big scary man with crossbow standing ten feet away-Rush at him with torch-Beat him to death with torch10/10 would beat scary men with torches again
76561198053921957,Not Recommended,252490,9276010,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,iwasphone,"This game is a great game. Too bad it is plagued by hackers to the point where it is unplayable. I have gathered guns, resources, constructed towers, but in the time I have been playing I have lost everything to hackers a multitude of times. I have been killed inside my enclosed house by a headshot where bullets aren't supposed to pierce walls, killed many times by hackers with aimbots that will headshot you from across the map, speed hackers, jump hackers. There is rarely a day where you don't meet a hacker at least every hour. If you're lucky they won't kill you, if your lucky they'll only kill you. Although infuriating, that isn't even the worst of the hacking. Around every two weeks a hacker comes on each of the official servers and spams that he will cleanse the servers. He then runs a hack that allows him to kill everyone, destroy all crates, and furnaces, essentially leveling you entire week's work in minutes, and eliminating all items in game. In the 2 weeks+ I have played this game this has already happened twice. There are hackers with keyloggers advertising selling keylogged accounts. This game is so broken, and its ok because it is in alpha. Listen to me when I say this, save yourself the nerve and don't buy the game until a beta comes out that patches the hacks. You will lose everything not to raids like the game was supposed to be played, but by hackers."
,Recommended,252490,15014346,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jaygee,"made a base with my friendsa guy set his home outside our base and kept tping back to knock on the doorhe killed anyone who attacked usgiant group of raiders killed us, we moved into his basesame people who raided us, raided him10/10 best guard dogp.svery fun game to play with friends.i recomend getting it, but remember if you are a person who expects everything to go your way and cant handle ""defeat"" dont play, you WILL get ♥♥♥♥ed up over and over"
76561198045145646,Not Recommended,252490,19208928,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Lil T,Hackers
,Not Recommended,252490,8720754,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,PaddleBoatOnFire,"While I love the idea of this game, as some kinda of survival simulation simulator, this game is not ment for me. What I have experienced so far is no matter what, you are going to get ♥♥♥♥ed over. It seems to be the type of game for people who like to be treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and treating other people like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Since this game is still in development, the gameplay will most likely change, and maybe my opinion will too."
,Not Recommended,252490,8605311,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Gorski Car,Beware! Dirty hackers in every server! watch out do not buy.
76561198000391596,Not Recommended,252490,8369376,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Baithoven,"Only by this if you have a group of several friends you can play with. The mechanics of this game start you out with nothing, and after hours of running around you'll slowly start finding♥♥♥♥♥♥ The problem is that this idea means the earliest players are the only ones who will get anywhere. Those players already found everything when the population was low, and now they just go around with their assault rifles shooting everyone that has a rock and found some wood. And there's nothing you can do about it but hit ""Respawn"", or just go play another game. Don't play unless you're getting for free."
76561198125077173,Not Recommended,252490,24591267,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ALonelyOrphan,The XP system has really made this game hard to play. It takes way too long to level up and get good gear. You are forced to grind non stop to catch up to bigger clans. Getting weapons from drops or chests are useless because you cant craft bullets till you are in mid to late teens.  As of right now the XP system is bad. Is it a bad idea? I wouldnt say so but they must tweak a few things.1. Allow lower levels and small groups to be able to defend themselves from much larger clans ( I was raided by a clan of 7+ when all I had was a bow and a semi with no ammo)2. Fix the non stop grinding I dont want to have to hit rocks and trees half the wipe or more to enjoy the core game and have fun raiding.3. Fix the sharing system. Large clans exploit this by leveling up 1 member really fast its unfair to smaller groups or solo players.The XP system has many pros but also a lot of cons. I really enjoy the spending XP on what ever you want idea. I hope Facepunch fixes up XP a bit and makes it more enjoyable
,Recommended,252490,10032384,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Moe Ahmed Dave,Found some Naked man doing sex with other man.BEST GAME EVER!
,Not Recommended,252490,8587648,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,JayBrew,"$20 for an Alpha means there should be some merit to justify the asking price other than ""hoping"" it turns out good in the future, Rust doesn't deliver a smidge of present-value for getting the game early. Unstable servers, unoptimized level designs that cause major client/server side lag, making it impossible for you and the server to ever be in sync, so good luck trying to kill that guy you just saw... by the time you get close enough and swing, he will lag in and out around that area and you will miss.Also, despite the ""massive map"" size, the area with trees, resources, and people is limited to less than 20% of the map size, making the other 80% just barren mountains with nothing other then a demand of your time to treck up them.Finally, the developer is non other than Garry Newman, the creator of GMOD, which despite being a great game, Garry was very slow with updates, and any update he did release was unaccomdating to the servers and historical always broke all the custom servers made for garrys mod. If Garry is putting all his focus on rust, expect this game to be finished and working by the time Half-Life 3 is release...."
,Recommended,252490,8731072,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,🎃 V-AHHH!-P 🎃,"Got beaten to death by a naked man with a rock.This was well worth £15. 10/10. Game of the year, every year."
,Recommended,252490,10473188,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,</3,Despite hackers and 7 year olds asking if they can cut my♥♥♥♥♥♥off this is a great game.
,Not Recommended,252490,19250528,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,phoonz,"Ruined it, should of left it with legacy"
76561198019005530,Recommended,252490,18333966,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,whale,Rust teaches to be kind.
76561198274500918,Not Recommended,252490,20410725,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mitchykid,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!Rust is a pointless redundant survival game. i put over 14hrs into this game and was unable to achieve very much. you are constantly being slaughtered by other players and your structures are being raided and stolen. all of your effert to achieve the objective of building and advancing is pointless. i do not recomend this game to anyone. there aren't any restrictions as to who can kill who. you start out with a rock and get slaughtered by players with guns constantly. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,252490,10407424,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Aubrey Drake Graham,"This game is everything you could want in a real apocalyptic survival game. First and foremost, it is in beta, any complaints about lag, glitches and the like are just silly because that's the whole point of a game going through alpha/beta, otherwise it would just be called released.Second and what should be more important: gameplay. The concept is basic but great, you wake up with nothing (realistically no stat pants couldn't hurt haha) and every piece of resource you need you have to gather. One issue on some servers is that resources aren't spawning quickly enough or at all from what I hear, but that's because the game is in alpha... aside from spawning rates resource execution is great, maybe in the future they will reskin some rocks to look like discarded metal for realism, but as far as gameplay goes it's all the same. In a real survival situation you wouldn't find piles of a variety of resources naturally, just some wood and minerals. Animals are scarce in some areas and that's completely realistic too, unless you're on a farm, if there was real life apocalypse you would not see bears and boars walking around main paths constantly.The sleeping bag is a great feature. You can save a spawn point and use a metal door to hopefully keep your things safe. This allows you to actually form alliances and make friends, but doesn't add a ""haven/neutral"" point in the game which makes it so much more exciting.Lastly community discussion. Yes, the people are mean and vicious, and perhaps they are kids (I like how that's become an insult these days, it's a videogame for Christ's sake!). This is what makes this game great. Who expects there to be tons of people out there willing to help others and extend trust and a welcoming hand to total strangers in an apocalypse? Most people you run into will be desperate and selfish, some well run the other direction because they are scared, lots will become bullies because they can and a few will begin to band together in these beginning stages of hard times. This is what I've come across so far playing the game, and this is what makes it pee your pants scary...what I assume you were looking for when you bought this game.For anyone who wants a nice community with easy to gather resources and mobs that hit you for 3% of your health, play minecraft. For those who played for 30 mins or an hour and got tired of crap server lag and crashes, and glitchy gameplay just keep in mind it's in alpha and will get better. If you don't have the patience put it on the backburner for later enjoyment!"
76561198170142558,Recommended,252490,34063473,Posted: 6 August,all,420,Rust is a great survival game with alot of cool features but the only fault i have with rust is when you first start the game gives you 0 idea how to start off and get a base and stuff which means you have to rely on youtube videos for the answers. 9.5/10
,Recommended,252490,23180806,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,I'm sick - Cant speak - no voice,"After playing rust for a year, i have never found a game that really gives you the true feeling of survival. The difficulty to survive is varied on which servers/ time of day, but to those who thrive off the thrill and excitement of always being hunted/ hunting, it is a great game for that.The only downside to rust is that the community is going downhill. Players kill on sight very often and usually from personal experience just to kill you, not even for any gain/ loot. I would like Rust to become a game where the players are much more involved in the game with player interactions and less focused on just killing for the fun of it, because in all honesty it loses it's personal touch and just becomes a difficult call of duty.But avoiding the negative side because there's so many positives, find a good server with good people and enjoy what i describe as the Minecraft i always wanted. It's dark, it's cold, it's unforgiving and it's worth every penny. The Developers are legends as well."
,Not Recommended,252490,31573501,Posted: 5 May,all,DragonFly🌓,"In a Attempt to Make Raiding Eaiser, You can now lose Days of work in secondes as a ladder can completely ignore every defence you set up, Wana feel like a drone making a base that looks the same as everyone elses THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU, im uninstalling For another Year And hopefully we might be able to make it out of Alpha in the next 10 yearsIf you know whats good for you dont Buy this game in its current state!"
76561198105029230,Not Recommended,252490,22478396,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Eztac,Sadly this game suffers from the same problem dayz had back in the day that as soon as a player gets a piece of gear they seem to enjoy hunting fresh spawns.
76561198073045200,Recommended,252490,9152735,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Pesimyst,Get killed by naked men with rocks. Repeat.Probably the most addictive game i have ever played.IN MY LIFE.10/10
,Not Recommended,252490,22414475,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Benji..,"This game is toxic. If you want people to steal your♥♥♥♥♥♥ write♥♥♥♥♥♥on your wall and call you a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then this is the game for you, if not you should try another game"
,Not Recommended,252490,24468616,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Unbentsuperpyro,XP system murdered this and unnecessary nerfs.
76561198148558375,Not Recommended,252490,24495920,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Brick,"XP system ruined the game. Too grindy now, and you have to be a non-working person to play it. It's becoming insanely boring."
,Recommended,252490,10288251,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kris2K,I don't always kill pigs but when I do and I harvest their body I get chicken breast.
76561198050105562,Recommended,252490,9117303,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SPOOKORGI,A game about naked people shooting at eachother with homemade weapons. Very similar to the appalachians.
,Recommended,252490,33749379,Posted: 23 July,all,KermoV,Spawn-Die-Spawn-Die-Spawn-Hit rock-Die-Spawn-Build base-Get raided while you sleep-die-spawn-die...
76561198083899977,Not Recommended,252490,21531052,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SlothSong,"Rust isn't very good in making you feel like you're trying to survive. Everytime you spawn into a world, everyone has already made a huge city around the spawn, making the world feel less like a huge expanse of land that needs to be explored and more like a city with an outer wall that you go an look at for some reason. You can find basic materials like wood and stone laid out on the ground, presumably the excess from the owner of the towering castle in front of you. And to top it all off, the game feels more like an fps with the end game being able to craft or find a gun and mess with other people. This is also apparent in the newly adapted Battle Royal mode, which it totes it borrowed from Arma 3 on every official server screen. The problem with it being an fps, is it's not even a good fps. Controls feel clunky in a fire fight and even worse when trying to fight someone in melee range. One time, I had a guy actually kill me at melee range and he didn't even make a swinging animation.The game looks nice, but is poorly optimized. My rig is able to handle most games on high pretty fine, but chugs like a used car powered by soda when I try to get anywhere close to it. And I don't know if it's me, but it feels like there's this smeared-on white type filter over the screen. It makes everything seem brighter than it is and it's kind of annoying.I think the icing on this dirt cake is this game has been in alpha for about 2 years. They had revamped the game once, at one point calling it Rust Experimental. The move was nice, making the game look more refined and even changing the island. The game got a little better, but personally not enough. Now the devs are selling people's creations as store items. I'm not big fan of this from games who aren't even out yet. Especially when some of them get as pricey as $20. Fine as long as you want to support the devs, but it seems this game doens't have a release date in sight.There are better survival games on Steam. There are better fps games on Steam as well. This game isn't quite steer clear. Many people like it, so there's a possiblility you might too. However, if you were to ask me, I cannot reccomend this game."
,Recommended,252490,19021341,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Blitzsniper.BG,Rust is a highly additive survival fps that constantly evolves based on players interactions. Whether you like to farm and build or conduct late night burglary this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,252490,32582275,Posted: 19 June,all,₪ Jips,"This game has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you dont own the game and you are thinking about buying it i would say dont get it. After many hours of playing this game i absolutly hate it. Every update they ruin the game more and more. The game used to be amazing, but now its♥♥♥♥♥♥and many people dont like it. A kid with 100 hours can now outspray a kid with over 2k hours because of the recoil changes. every gun is getting ruined. Helk doesnt know how to ♥♥♥♥ing develop a game he is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥developer and should just quit. I have been playing since legacy and this game has really gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,252490,8574014,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Adderall Admiral,"As of now I would not reccomend Rust. Don't get me wrong, from what I've seen it seems like a fun game however I haven't really gotten to play it for the simple reason that there is no single player. Now let me tell you why we need a single player! Everytime I join a server I don't know what to do and it is or almost night time and while I am trying to figure things out I get killed by an enemy. Then the spawn♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥begins. It also doesn't help when I'm trying to learn the game and I have to worry about being ambushed by an unfriendly player. (there is non pvp servers so that one isnt as much as an issue)"
,Recommended,252490,8925623,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Foolish Mercenary,"my first day in rust pretty much sums up how this game goesI was running through the woods at midnight and a polite english gentleman came up to me and handed me some clothes, some food a hatchet and some flares, he also commented on my charactes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and sent me on my way. after 10 mintes of running i was shot in the chest and had to start out completley nude again10/10 great game"
,Recommended,252490,8021978,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Dr. Horrible,"The rage-inducing, anger generating, painful, burtal, punch-in-the-back-of-the-head-while-I'm-not-looking, game I have been waiting for!  Its minecraft meets a back alley mugging!  It has been a long while since I've gotten the opportunity to play a raw, ruthless game cooked over a contentious simmer of player griefing.I CANNOT RECOMEND THIS GAME ENOUGH!  PLAY IT NOW!  GO!  BUY IT NOW!  I GIVE THIS GAME x20 THUMBSUP!(Don't forget the vaseline!)"
76561198083293616,Not Recommended,252490,19969517,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AAron The Filthy Casual,Whiney packs of 13 year olds will find you and string you up as if it is the children of the corn
,Not Recommended,252490,8063156,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Icyhate,"looks fun but read the reviews before you purchase a made the mistake of not, its not great, it would be fun it has nice graphics and animations the crafting is nice and same for building but, theres one crucial detail, the community is a bunch of jerks, there are a few good people who will help you out, but it is really really really rare, so if you like a game where you get shot everytime you spawn, and when you actually do make that tiny amount of progress you get shot by a random guy who just has too much ammo and decides he should use it on you, then this is the game to get. this is completely sarcastic. 1 out of 50 due to community other wise it would be a 40 out of 50."
,Not Recommended,252490,20453439,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Stubbs,Worked fine before the big♥♥♥♥♥crappy update. Now I can't even change settings without the game crashing every damn time. Not gud.
,Not Recommended,252490,8074821,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Bolas Perfumadas,"The game is really good and has a lot of potential.But the community really sucks as other players said. On PVP servers you can't stay alive for more than 5 minutes as a fresh spawn. They need to balance that.However the craft system is amazing. On non PVP servers it is one of the best games I have ever played.For now, I would not recommend the game. Maybe after a karma or bounty system for those who kill for fun and destroy other players work I will recommend it."
,Not Recommended,252490,8500453,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Purple,If you like being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥anally by raiders then you'll love this game.
,Not Recommended,252490,23964041,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jacky O'Mally,"The community is relatively split between a constructive group debating on the balance of the game and a loud portion that refuses to let their clan-on-clan KOS be deterred.Between looking for groups, either my friends or with strangers, and constantly working against all other players on even meagerly populated servers:Never has a game made me work so hard to have so little fun and so little reward for the expense of time and hate.The developers gladly promote the game as it stands; They shrug off debate and creative commentary that sits opposite their opinions and then make rude gestures back at the community in defiance.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=714348626http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=714332104These aren't even directed to people who hack or abuse gameplay exploits, or anything sensible. This is just to a gameplay mentality that they receive the most criticism for due to the game's current bias to private grouping. And it's not just solo players that suffer; Public grouping and commune suffers as well. It is so much more rewarding to Kill-On-Sight (KOS) than to risk waiting for the voice chat's one-second delay to send your ""I'M FRIENDLY"" only for a naked to shoot you in the face with that shotgun he pulled from literal air.In short: The game is developed for and by people who'd rather be jerks in a public game than to actually be a survival oriented post-apocalyptic shooter.And don't even get me started on how poor of a shooter it is. NPC's have no working pathfinding and headshotting a man doesn't kill them nine times out of ten. What kind of survival game is that??"
76561198135825901,Recommended,252490,18831992,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Second Knowledge,"If you got time, a good rig and play nice with others this game is very entertaining. If not you will surely have a love hate relationship with the game at the least. I give it Two and a half ♥♥♥♥s out of my zero ♥♥♥♥s."
76561198030176685,Not Recommended,252490,8529580,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kaustek,"Takes everything bad from the survival genre and throws it into one big bad game.Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥Imagine you are building a bookshelf, okay.So you go out, you find a tree, a nice tree.You hack that thing down, you take it back to your place.You remove the bark, you pencil in all the lengths.You cut it and sort it.Then you cut each piece to a reasonable size.Plane it, sand it, router the edges, make it look nice, you know?Then comes the fun part, you put glue on all the spots that need it and assemble it.You then put weights on it to make sure it will hold.You adjust where necessary and make sure its level before it dries.You wait, and wait....and wait some more.Then after its done drying you sand it until your fingers go numb.Then you sand some more.Then comes the fun part! Staining!You stain it.Wait for it to dry.Do it again.Do it again like 7 times until your hands are stained and your clothes reek.Sand some more, then stain some more.Make it look nice, you know?Then you add a few coats of varnish.You wait for everything to dry and then you hang it up.Put some books on it and take a step back.You say, ""Well damn, I made a pretty good bookshelf.""This game, went out, found an ugly tree that's been beaten and abused,Slathered it with stain and varnish and nailed it to the bathroom wall.The books are still scattered around your house and now your bathroom has insects."
,Not Recommended,252490,32909444,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir Potat0,If the community wasn't a figurative tumor it would be a lot of fun. :(
,Recommended,252490,9714964,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,SILIV,Rust ruins my weekend. 10/10
76561197998762125,Not Recommended,252490,20436379,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Eastrid,"So I decided to do a new review after the update for the level system and I tried to like it but I still have to give it a thumbs down. You can get a spear at level 2 I believe or level 3, but after that you can't craft a bow till you hit level 7 then you need points to even unlock it. You can't really defend yourself unless it is a full server and level wipe to even have a chance. You need to be a high level before the server wipe unless you will get destroyed trying to play catch up as everyone is crafting top gear right off the back (even worse then the blue prints.)Over all they are making steps in the right direction."
,Recommended,252490,10655100,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MistaInfinity,naked me and naked friend smashed each others heads in with rocks multiple times. Both saw a kevlar-9mm bandit and said we surrender. Killed us both. Got cancer from radiation. Died. Found a red wolf. Died. Found a black wolf. Died. Found a red bear. Died. Found a brown bear. Died. Went for a swim. Died.11/10 would die again.
76561198093642852,Not Recommended,252490,31573133,Posted: 5 May,all,Heavy Weapons Guy,Good Job. You mae base building useless by letting us walk right over defenses as if they Don't exist.
,Not Recommended,252490,8433049,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gorf,"Edit of my original review.After huge amount of time spent either in legacy and now in experimental I can say that this game is an utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Legacy: full of cheaters, hackers and exploiters. You basically start from scratch progressing and log on back next day and you can start from scratch again due to exploiters and hackers who raided your house. Community is teenage nerds who failing in their real life. No chance to socialize so chat is not even needed since it is always full of crap from total imbecils.Experimental: Developers are trying hard. Game is far from finished and really terrible at this stage. However, game have some potential, but this matter not since the community is even bigger garbage than on legacy. Naked morons killing each other for nothing. They wont get anything from you, just kill you. So typical example is 11 year kid chasing you for hours screaming hello, hi, hello. When you get tired of him and stop he will ofcourse kill you :).I'm huge fan of full loot FFA games, but this is beyon my understandings. There is no pvp atm, it and I would not even call it multiplayer since it is battle royale style game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ people, terrible gamplay and UI, no point of socializing, no point of doing anything you do.Title is correct it is all about surviving where the best way is to own nothing, run naked and grief other players.Morons, nerds and raging teenagers who fail in their RL will definitelly enjoy this game. If you are non of previously mentioned just save your time and move along to another game."
76561198122295589,Not Recommended,252490,29462010,Posted: 24 January,all,Quiv,This was a pretty good survival game back in 2013 and early 2014. The developers decided to abandon the original Rust and completely remake a 'better' version of it sometime in late 2014. The new Rust has never been anywhere near as fun as the old one and the developers are now abusing the early access model (it's been in early access for over 3 years now) as a way to excuse the game's shortfalls and ignore community input. A game that features micro transactions is not a game that should be listed as early access.
,Recommended,252490,18830644,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Black Jesus,"You will laugh, you will cry, it will change your life. You will die, A LOT, and love every moment of it.Rust is not quite like any other game, and it's always changing.. Just like the real thing, it never sleeps.I give this game 20/10"
76561198069907701,Not Recommended,252490,29981104,Posted: 17 February,all,Foxdrops.狐狸,"Bring back old eco raid.Servers die too quickly cause there nothing to do, double stacked walls make it impossible for any small groups to raid and stand a chance"
76561198102169795,Recommended,252490,12318964,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ilostmyjuicebox,"found some shoes. I put on the shoes. man walks up to me, and demands my shoes with me at gunpoint. I give him the shoes and exchange he tells me i have a large♥♥♥♥♥♥ 69/10 Goty"
,Not Recommended,252490,14787083,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"There are no words in the English Language that may successfully express my feelings of frustration at the developers of Rust.There is a deep, dark place in the depths of Hell made exclusively for Garry Newman. It's even in Early Access. Pre-Alpha."
76561198107057700,Not Recommended,252490,22438926,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,nimeton5,"Since the last update, race and sex are now chosen by the server, based on SteamID, and can never be changed.  This effectively breaks immersion; further, it was added by the developers without option, so those who would not have purchased the game under these circumstances have little choice.Given that this is neither the first, nor is there any likelihood that will be the last, such act of 'social justice,' I would suggest avoiding this game."
76561198255267802,Not Recommended,252490,21767224,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TealHighCloud,"There's a lot about this game I have really enjoyed so far but I really cannot reccomend it.It's three years into it's alpha and it's still ridden with bugs and performance issues. I have a more than capable computer but the rendering is terrible and frame rate drops are awful even though I'm playing with a spotless internet connection.It's a beautiful game with lots of atmosphere and a very strange dystopian feel. I really expect the final product to be something quite amazing but most of the satisfaction I get is balanced by boredom and frustration. Animals can run up sheer cliffs to escape or attack you,  the hit detection for weapons can be awful, hacking is abundant, and eveyone wants to kill you.Now, that last point is fine. It gives the game an edge, with every human encounter being excpetionally complex and dangerous. However I have never made an ally, and whenrver I don't kill somenone they stalk me and blow my brains out. I know it's a complex social experiment but when someone is never on your screen for more than a second because of lag or hacking, and you've spent 4 and a half hours getting all your equiptment together it gets frustrating. Most of my close range engagements with human beings end in failure because the game doesn't know where either of us should be. Long rang encounters end with me dead, as I've just spwaned in with a rock in my hands and someone has build a mile-high tower and just sits at the top sniping people with the bolt action and scope he just made.I want this game to work, and I could put up with the terrible animal behaviour, floating rocks, almost impossible to aquire upgrades, and all that other atmosphere destroying nonesense if it wasn't for the god-awful performance as a whole.Buy it when it's finished (in 10 years time) because right now it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,252490,10209621,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,FrontRUSSIAN,You can bash someone head open with a rock and then ♥♥♥♥ a corpse.
76561198123450525,Not Recommended,252490,13339692,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mi11erark,By far the worst game ive ever played when it comes to actually playing with other people. no matter what you do people are alway hacking stuff or just being rude in general. i have now made several attempts at trying to start building up a good living situation in the game and bean either murdered in cold blood or hacked and lost all my stuff. i will no longer be playing this game and i strongly would not recomend this game to any of my friends.
,Not Recommended,252490,24072635,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,moof,this game is unoptimized trash
,Recommended,252490,9066121,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DixieFlatline_01,"Rust: Hell Is Other People.It's a fun and affordable game, and a good example of the positive potential of the early-access phenomenon. I would definitely recommend giving it a try. Here are some things to ask yourself before you commit:+ Do you like the sound of an immersive, first-person, survival crafting game? If yes, good! Now ask yourself if you're going to be able to handle it when another player murders you, takes your stuff, and starts living in your house.+ Do you have friends with whom to play this game? If so, then Rust is a great choice. This is a game where both the triumphs are sweetened, and defeats softened considerably when shared with friends, from both a practical and a psychological standpoint. If you play Rust alone, the paranoia may cause you to go feral and never log off.+ Does the Man-versus-Nature theme appeal to you in any specific way? Stylistically, the focus on the fundamental needs of survival in nature is one of Rust’s most unique characteristics, so I’d give it a hardy recommendation for anyone with a proclivity for the outdoors. Conversely, if you hate going outside because you're afraid of being eaten by bears, this is a good chance to simulate the experience.+ Aside from friends, are you interested in dealing with other people? Rust is a pretty social game, and interaction beyond the usual scope of highly-structured, competitive gameplay is almost unavoidable. You will have some positive interactions, but you will also have some negative ones. I would not recommend it to the thin-skinned.+ Are you interested in trying out an “early-access” title? It’s hard to know what you’re getting into these days with unfinished games. However, I feel comfortable stating that Rust, for its part, is already at a pretty solid place in its development, and feels like a genuine effort to create something people will enjoy by letting them participate in the process.If you like this review, check out the full article at:http://www.protagonistcomplex.com/rust-hell-is-other-people/ORJoin the PCPLX Steam Group!"
,Not Recommended,252490,8470898,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Twitch.tv/Armagonn,DONT BUY TERRIBLE WHASTE OF MONEY
,Recommended,252490,23183760,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,MrSnugglyBean,"This game is literally the best game I have ever played in my entire life, I've binge played 33 hours over the long weekend and still can't wait to get home to play some more.  I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198053055634,Recommended,252490,14739044,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Trippie Redd,Met a russian sounding turkish guy who recited me a poem about weiners.11/9
76561198043446818,Not Recommended,252490,8712330,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Messiah,script kidies paradise
76561198044650719,Recommended,252490,9337336,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Gopher Too Fat To Die,Kill a Chicken = Chicken Breast. Kill a Boar = Chicken Breast. Kill a Wolf = Chicken Breast. Kill a Bear = Chicken Breast. 10/10 Chicken Breast.
76561198202838697,Not Recommended,252490,20388017,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,A Murloc Cock.,Doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work and glitchy as hell with eh optimization.
,Not Recommended,252490,32966234,Posted: 28 June,all,Enlightened Rodent,"This game used to be a blast. Janky as h*ll, but so much fun. It was fun to loot, to resource, to raid, to do whatever. Now, the game is unplayable.The game is horribly balanced. It seems the resource requirements for building and crafting were almost randomly decided. The loot system sucks, the building system sucks, and the combat sucks. There's just nothing of worth left in the game.And then there are the hackers. Oh boy, the hackers. Do you enjoy constantly getting headshotted by legions of flying players who manage to *guess* where all the loot inside your base is? Then this is the game for you. For anybody else, stay far away from this steaming load."
,Recommended,252490,23846565,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Drunk,"one of my Experiences in RustWoke upStarted hitting treesMade a baseA guy came over asking for candyTried to wait him out(an hour passes)he's still thereGo outsideKilled by 30 guys...Honestly, this is one of the best survival games you can buy.It may be filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but there is always a few peoplethat will make your experience better...but mostly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,However without those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s this game wouldn't be as fun."
76561197998508136,Not Recommended,252490,12982532,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Normative,"Legacy is dead. Experimental is broken.Developer Garry begets fits of laughter in boardrooms across the gaming industry. If you've bought this, you've been Garry'd."
76561198284420918,Not Recommended,252490,30791606,Posted: 28 March,all,Kice,"Welcome to the best Hoarding Simulator!Do you love hoarding things for no reason? to have other hoarders hoard your hoarded items so that you need to hoard again?Then this is the game for you!Your days in Rust will consist of hoarding in order to build your base, should another hoarder not kill you to hoard your things you might be able to finish your base, to hoard things in it.When you log in the next day you most likely will find someone has hoarded your hoard and destroyed your base.Thats ok, because you love hoarding and you get to do it all over again... yey!And when you think you have finally found a base design that should help you keep your hoard safe... nope, some hoarder will cheat and fly on top of your base with aimbot, kill you and hoard your stuff.Thats ok, because you get to do it again.And should no one hoard the stuff you hoarded then well, there is nothing else to do as this is a Hoarding Simulator..So either, hoard, be hoarded or be bored... there is absolutely nothing else to do in this game... oh yeah, kill the chopper but once you do it once it became easier and very boring.If you play PvE you will spend hours and hours building a base w absolutely no purpose as there is nothing to do but Hoard.If you play PvP you will spend hours and hours hoarding and being hoarded.... if you win the gun fight  you get more stuff to hoard, if you lose you get to hoard more stuff from scratch.Hoarding epicness w no purpose.If they add tamable cats we will have tons more ladies playing this, they should add old newspapers, plastic bags,  and empty boxes and it will be the true hoarding simulator the creators wanted it to be.My ranking:As a Hoarding Simulator 9/10As a game with something else to do apart from Hoarding/Raiding/Roof Camping 2/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,8036407,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Linguini Macaroni Spaghetti,"This game has a lot of problems.  At first I didn't like the game simply because I was joining the wrong servers and was getting killed by other players before I could even get my first item.  Then I found a great server with helpful people and a good atmosphere,  I had finally created my first house and was well on my way to producing my first weapon.  Then things went downhill.  I had spent 5 hours playing on this good server and was in need of a quick break.  I logged off for about 30 minutes and when I logged back in I had found that all my items were gone.  This had not happened the last two times I logged off this server.  Turns out that the doors on houses are glitchy and will randomly delete themselves.  I came back to find my house had been ransacked and I no longer had any of the items I had spent so much time to gather and create.  In conclusion, only purchase this game if you enjoy wasting your time."
76561198036758819,Not Recommended,252490,24492704,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Your A Idiot,"♥♥♥♥ the xp system, ♥♥♥♥ crossbow nerfs, ♥♥♥♥ bow and pipe nerfs, dont buy. All the positive reviews have playtime < 500 hours. Read the reviews that matter from people with playtime."
,Not Recommended,252490,11093657,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,B-Bounce,"too many hackers! I like the concept of the game, and the game is not bad, but you will get aggressive if you spend 20 hours to search resources and build a big house, meet your friends in the world and build equipment, and then finally an hacker will shot your through the wall or with an aimbot from the sky while hes flying like a ♥♥♥♥in bird3/10"
76561198123578326,Recommended,252490,32648288,Posted: 22 June,all,A Cars Life 2,i think probably the best thing about this game is that it is basically modern africa simulator-more than half the population is naked-everyone is starving-death is inevitable-explosions about every two minutes-a small percentage of people running around in armor with ak-47s gunning down the naked people with pointy sticks and bows
76561198288406904,Not Recommended,252490,24289981,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SoSad,"Toxic community, and now the XP system should be a good nail in the ole coffin.About this game :""Create alliances with other players and form a town"". Does not happen."
76561198085239588,Recommended,252490,14786737,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Taylor,"Dear rust developers, I bought your game and have not really played it.  But based on these reviews I have read, you really need to listen to your community a little better on what they want;  It's about having fun and what you have been delivering hasn't been pleasing the community."
,Not Recommended,252490,22580131,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,.,"Unless you have everything in the game when you spawn, you will not make it past 2 days without your house being destroyed and starting from scratch. There is absolutely no punishment for killing people who pose no threat to you and the weak have no way to fight back. Bases should be indestructable or destructable with basic tools, otherwise your house is gonna get C4'd (the only thing that can destroy a house) and you'll start from scratch."
76561198108014964,Recommended,252490,19166451,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,RedFox49,Rust is very fun but I wish they had solo or offline servers.
76561198089556786,Not Recommended,252490,8629131,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Luke,until rust gets better at banning hackers this is a HORRIBLE BUY!!!! They really need to get it together! I understand it is in alpha but when you can't even play the game cause all your stuff is stolen. REALLY PUTS A DAMPER ON THE GAME!!!!!!EDIT:They did just do an update to take away most of the hacks which actually now makes the game enjoyable. Though do not get attached to your stuff not only because people will take it away but the developers also just did a HUGE wipe of the system. This however is to be expected with an alpha game. Still not worth $20 but now I do not feel as if I was cheated out of the $20.
,Not Recommended,252490,8627793,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Savas,"Crashes EVERY TIME I try to play a game, hopefully they fix this for MAc soon. Also, the only-server mechanic causes for hackers to be everywhere, along with Internet crashes. Hopefully they fix this soon. Until then, I would wait. (Sometimes it feels like it is bugged to the point of no return.)"
76561198122519661,Not Recommended,252490,8721513,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Bliss,"Bought this game based on reviews and watching the video, thought it was about survival.You do attempt to survive for about the first 30minutes of the game until you get gun, as soonas you have one and do some wandering, die a few hundred times, you realize its just another team deathmatch game. It almost reminds me of Call of Duty at times due to the lack of surviving you actually need to do and the ease of getting gear almost makes you so bored you often want to kill people just for excitement.I dont reccomend this game right now. All it is call of duty except you have to build your guns, and kill people to make sure you can keep building guns.EDIT: Just came back after over a month of not playing too see whats changed. Garry is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on his forums, he cant take negative feedback, Rust is still the exact same with absolutely nothing new but beds....Overall this game is the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. It had potential. Garry is a self absorbed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and is making it worse and worse... Im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I gave him my money honestly. I tried to post on his forums just asking where the content was and where the game was going... got instantly banned for 4 days... not even a warning... first refund I will ever ask for from steam... just a horrible experience for an alpha."
,Recommended,252490,8951859,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ChimneySwift11,Must play for any survivalist.
76561198001236194,Not Recommended,252490,22075085,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Spacepilot99,"Really not worth it, the game is solid, building works, the core mechanics are good, but the community sucks, if i wanted to kill people I would go play The Culling. People grow up please your ruining the game for the rest of us."
,Not Recommended,252490,24517314,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bio,"Had to write a review to say that rust used to be a great game well worth the money and I have over 1800 hours to attest to that, However recently the developers have pushed through a number of primitive weapon nerf's as well as a poorly thought out XP update that have resulted in the need to grind an incredible amount just to actually have a fighting chance in the game. If your considering buying the game I would recommend you hold off until the developers fix these problems as the game is not worth the money in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,252490,24522881,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,C391HAT,Grind Simulator 2015
,Recommended,252490,19009865,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Deviljho,fantastic :D
,Not Recommended,252490,24388220,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SourceM7,https://youtu.be/1cf-HPct5XI
76561198151728397,Not Recommended,252490,12635970,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,jonathansaenz70,played for one night joined a cult that sacrifed chocolate to the anal god logged off tried to join next day does not work ive tried everything was fun but now i cant even play it i understand its alpha i expected bugs not not being able to join serevrs no matter how many times you click it in legacy or if you try to join in rust it just stays at the loading screen when joining a server 11/10 best use of money gg goty
76561198083278573,Not Recommended,252490,15415811,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Nomicoe,"Going to keep this super simple... The game is fun, has some good crafting aspects.. Great for playing with friends.. But heres the problem.. The original rust, is dead.. So don't even bother playing.. The devs don't update it, and anyone who bought the original game back in the day basically got ripped off cause the new rust isnt optimized and has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps. The new rust at least has a new anti-cheat system that stops hacking right? No... Hackers still exist, and you will run into them if you put in more than a few hours a day into a normal size sever at least once a week. But official servers are safe? Nope... Sorry. Ummm Official servers at least have active admins on the new rust tho? Nope.. I've seen people asking for admins for days.. Sure those servers get shut down, but how does that help the player who just wasted all their time and effort? Soo.. What am I buying? To be honest, Im not even sure anymore, but it isn't Rust."
,Not Recommended,252490,12932535,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BusinessPenguin,Rust reviewGraphicsAll the youtbe videos look great for this game. But version 2 takes a super computer to run. This is the first time Ive ever had trouble running a game.I could even run evolve with no problems. One way they could fix the lag is by makeing a premade map instead of this generated map that lags a lot. Another thing that terable about this game is its rendering. If you take 5 steps back from a tree it turn SUPER blurry.GameplayFantastic no complaintsMultyplayerNot the best. This game hate people with friends because its next to impossible to play with them. You spen hours trying to find eachother.
76561198115712740,Not Recommended,252490,12173982,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Miraak The first Dragonborn,"is this game fun? YESthis game is fun and intersting for 2 month after that is pointless!!! i gathered a lot of woods and other resources in 2 month and lost them in 2 days!! you cant even trust your friends, some of them are trustable,many of them are not!! they can easily stab u in back and loot your valuable stuff,u easily lost your stuff in this game even if they are in safe place. servers are full of hackers!!The game is as alpha as it gets; so I'm giving it some credit for the massive potential its concept has. But the execution so far has been poor...and the ""community"". The people who play this game? Foul, antisocial adolescents.Unfortunately Valve/Steam released the Alpha at 20$ a copy, well before the game was playable. Between the constant server downtime, massive lag spikes, and hackers galore, I'm not sure who is enjoying their experience with Rust, Especially since you can't save your game. Nothing more frustrating than losing everything to a rad wolfes and bears and even looters...HACKERS and CHEATERS will ruin your game, there is no doubt about that. this is an alpha, so we shouldn't expect too much as far as appearances, gameplay, etc. HOWEVER, it would be nice if it were actually possible to find resources (e.g., minerals or rocks) in the vicinity of all of the damned rocky hills in the area. I'm running around for a half hour just to find some rocks so I can make a hatchet, and there are none to be found, even though the scenery looks like what the glaciers left behind when they retreated. The game clearly needs a lot of work,Stay as far away from this game as possible!!!  Everyone will probably shoot you on sight without any reason and even if you are a newbie and still learning the game.This is early alpha stage and is full of bugs and glitches and then the developers decided to make it even easier and they removed only enemy type that was dangerous and that is ZOMBIES. There is no enjoyment getting killed over and over again. You have no protection anywhere and you can be killed and looted even when you leave the server, which is outright annoying and idiotic.Too many people are giving in 10/10 within the first 10 minutes of playing thinking it is the best survival game ever created but its not. DayZ may have a catalogue of woes itself but it is probably the best in the genre at this stage. Rust is not unique in any way; it's just a first-person survival game with glaring technical and concept issues that are years from rectifying.Obviously, this game is so bad that it make me laugh, but only for a few seconds. The combat is ridiculous bad and there's nothing good about this mess. Stay away from this garbage and please try real FPS games. and atleast i must say i waste lot of time in this game and gathering many stuff, but when i woke up at morning none of them were there... dont waste ur money on this game guys, you can buy better survival games!!"
76561198195150191,Not Recommended,252490,25834374,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bulma!!! :D,"This game would be fun but I have put many hours on big and small servers, solo and in clan play and HACKERS ruin it all. In one server one guy would get on and level huge bases and clans alike with just the ESP HACK AND AIMBOT ONE GUY!!!!!!!!!!!!I love this game and would o=love to play it but  the hacking is too mainstream now. PLEASE STOP THE HACKERS FACEPUNCH! Its rediculous I cant even play in a clan of 20 anymore :( the hackers just think its funny to follow server to server and ruin your game."
,Not Recommended,252490,30819899,Posted: 29 March,all,damamatet -> /ProvokerKing,RAM usage increases like hell! Very unstable RAM consumption.
,Recommended,252490,8927744,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,dreidel vs beyblade who wud win,I killed a man because his rock was better than mine
,Recommended,252490,16406680,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Soup Sandwich™,"If you enjoy the thought of bare butts in open tundras, freezing to death while being mauled by a bear, and gaining satisfaction from out-shooting someone for an air drop that might only have cans of beans, this game could be for you.That said this game has gone through some growing pains in development but overall enjoyment is high. You need to devote a good amount of time to this game to get out of it what you want. With the current construction system in place, nothing is inpenetrable and can make for some frustrating times with raiders and griefers. Finding the right server for pacing makes a world of difference, make friends with your neighbors as the only way to really protect your stake is by having a solid, dedicated community. Overall a solid game that continues to improve with regular updates. 10/10"
,Recommended,252490,12307168,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Just y/n,You can make everybody naked.
76561198008865688,Not Recommended,252490,12293988,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Napoleon Dynamite,"Rust is a multiplayer survival game so you have to find food, build shelter and survive. You know what will happen to you? I will tell some of it. You spends 3 hours for collecting things to survive then killed and lost all items because you don't have better guns, then respawn with nothing so starts collecting items again and killed, then respawan over and over again. So what's the point to play this game? You build a shelter but it can't even protect you. For the begginers, you can't do anything to players who equiped full firearms except their practice target. Good idea but bad gameplay and balance. Don't blind because positive reviews, it's your money."
,Recommended,252490,18445262,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Jgrmejster,Raiding Simulator 2015
76561198013678251,Not Recommended,252490,22388865,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Complete Bagel,"Had not played the game for a year and so I tried it out again today. The game is totally different and seems like a lot more fun, it had seemed like the devs had made the game a lot better in a lot of ways. I then noticed that my character was female, which took away from my immersion, so I got off the server to try and change my character. It took me about five minutes of looking through all the options in Rust before I looked it up and found out that character appearance was determined by your Steam ID and was permanent. Maybe some people don't mind this or even think it is cool, but for me it ruins the immersion and makes the game pointless to play for me. Makes me wish I had never bought this game, if you are looking for a game where the devs seem to be doing everything pretty well, look into Ark: Survival Evolved. It is about the same price and is far more fun in my opinion."
76561198018433379,Recommended,252490,8549528,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MAGIC HORSEMAN MIKE#99,+Being naked+Hunting pigs-No girls
,Recommended,252490,8845029,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sheriff Thompson,"Rust reminds me of old-school Ultima Online.  Harsh, brutal, and very rewarding.  Rust is an awesome game, even in its early incarnations.  I’m looking forward to seeing where the developers take the game from here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2MSlSmCOso"
,Recommended,252490,9976047,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Not Regaulity,"Combines the competitiveness of games like Call of Duty, the community of games like Dark Souls, and the graphic nudity of games like those I played with my uncle Randy when I was five. All this makes for a near perfect game, but with the addition of a realistic Rock based physics engine where you can hit anything with a Rock makes this game a timeless classic for the Sega Genesis."
,Not Recommended,252490,9956340,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Isyther,I loved this game for a while until 12yr olds ruined it by being admins on servers and abusing the powers on every server I went to. I would not reccomend this game if you don't want to deal with children teleporting you to them and killing you cause you raided them.
,Recommended,252490,18009014,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ASPIRE-RelaxZ,I think this game is great i enjoy it alot this is for the thrill seeker GET IT NOW!
,Not Recommended,252490,18271590,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Carbeano,"This is my actual, serious review of Rust, after playing the game for upwards of 30 hours.Don't get this game if you're expecting a multiplayer survival experience. It's not remotely close to that. The environment in  Rust poses a very minimal threat; maybe a slight inconvenience, if you happen to just have spawned. Freezing to death can be circumverted by crafting yourself the most basic set of clothes, and heat appears to be broken, because I lived in a desert for the entirety of my stay in a server. ran around in polar gear, and could not observe a negative in my character's ability to perform. There are two hostile animals, both of which are formidable if you run straight at them and try to mulch them with a torch. Otherwise, they can be easily dispatched through the use of the wooden spear, which can take a whopping thirty seconds to a minute to obtain. House building is the most interesting feature on this game, as it's quite flexible and can really lend itself to impressive structures- that will be blown into and pillaged, their inhabitants massacred, in less than a day. No, if you actually want your base to last, you have to build a bunker, which isn't very artistic or creative, but it's the only thing that will let you survive long enough to get a gun, which, by the way, can be found in the literally hundred barrels that are scattered around the map. But the shoddy little SMG you found (and will loose shortly) isn't very impressive when there's people running around with full body armour and automatic rifles, is it?The problem with Rust in its current state (it's in alpha, or beta, or some kind of letter from the Greek alphabet, so I expect some things will change) is that there's no depth to it. Your gameplay roadmap will invariably look like this:1. Join a server for the first time.2. Spend an hour or two (possibly more, depending on how populated your server of choice is) collecting resources, in which you might be killed by a bored player looking for something to do.3. Build or find a place to live in.4. Spend more hours improving your place to make it player-proof, or at least, bored-player-with-C4-looking-for-something-to blow-up-proof.5. Try to find more advanced equipment to protect yourself against bored players.6. Either a) Eventually loose your♥♥♥♥♥♥when players catch wind that you might become a threat and hunt you down b) Somehow come out on top.7. Become a bored player that is looking for something to do.Literally everything- EVERYTHING- in this game is aimed towards PVP. You can build machines that help you mine resources faster, sure- to get  metal (for guns), or fuel (to make explosives). That in and of itself isn't bad; DayZ and Unturned are similar games that are very PvP-oriented. The problem with Rust is that getting to the level where you can actually PvP takes hours, or even days. Thus, when killing a player, or raiding a base, you are destroying a HUGE amount of effort and time. And since you also put in a lot of time to be where you are, you do it so your own work is not destroyed. There's rarely any human interaction; only kill or be killed. And once you're at the top, staying there is relatively easy; have clan or group to play with, wipe out forests and mineral fields, make a multi-layer base out of solid metal. Ammo becomes spare change; why not shoot that guy with the bow and arrow, who can't put a dent in you? Three or four shots kill him and the four hours he spent scrounging for wood to build a house, and if by some freak accident he does manage to kill you, you can instantly respawn, get one of your fifty replacement sets of equipment, and try again.The game definitely has potential. It's very visually appealing; it has an amazing dev team who put out updates with amazing regularity. Making killing someone actually mean something to you (or nothing), by making ammo and weaponry more scarce- or, on the other side of the coin, dramatically increasing the rate at which you can find equipment to even out the playing field and make it a casual post-apocalyptic FPS with a huge map and certain survival elements- would make the game a lot more enjoyable. For the moment, though, I wouldn't recommend it. It's a time sink that will net you nothing of value (there's practically no learnable skills except game knowledge and shooting a slow moving target) except the ocasional cool human interaction, which you can easily get from a different game in the same genre."
76561198030754111,Not Recommended,252490,14300148,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dobie_Catcher,"The game Used to be funthen they got the update and it ruined everything! Its still a ok game but the magic it used to have is gone.I don`t know if there is a way to play the old rust but the framerate issues the graphics the fun parts are gone!Anyways i give the old version of this game a 9/10 the new version gets a 5/10 its just you need to sit ther for such a long time to get food and stuff its no fun. Its like minecraft but you can`t build and your in a jail no creativity no fun parts nothing, just 20$ down the drain!Hey i am adding more to this guide. So It`s just more of me ranting. Like i said the magic it used to have is gone. When we tell stories around our fire we don`t feel better, when i find a gun i don`t feel better. All that fun the old rust had is G.O.N.E.Dobie_Catcher-the angry ranter"
,Recommended,252490,15436151,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Guy LeDouche,I love this game. I think my favorite part is how I get a solid 2 fps on it.
,Not Recommended,252490,24521403,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lumia,60~ hours of grinding to unlock something as little as c4i dont think so
76561198028119861,Not Recommended,252490,8205363,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,NatarisCubed,"I absolutely love the concept of this game.  Building up from scratch, a caveman to a survivor with guns and more advanced technology.  The potential for this game is incredible.  That is pretty obvious from the start.However, this game is highly flawed from a design standpoint.  First and foremost, it is far too easy to obtain guns in this game.  Anyone within a few hours can easily have a 9mm pistol and plenty of ammo.  A HUGE draw of this game is the survival aspect in terms of using very primitive technology.  But why bother sticking with a bow (which is really fun to use) when a pistol is so easily obtained?This game at present is an absolute grief fest.  It is FAR to easy to be an absolute jerk in this game.  From killing to stealing, to griefing buildings etc.  The developers intention is to create a world where the players police themselves and their own social behavior... AWESOME!  But it is not executed because griefing FAR out weighs the gains from playing other ways.  Why bother spending hours collected resources?  Just spend an hour to craft a gun and start killing noobs of there stuff.Guns are too easy to get, explosives are too easy to get, c4 is even too easy to get.  While defending against these tactics are much more difficult.  This game skews itself towards people who just wanna grief.Playing solo can be really painful too.  Without at least a small group you are extremely vulnerable.  Yet the shoot-on-site mentality makes it extremely impossible to make friends in game.  Those without steam friends are at a serious disadvantage.This game is incredible fun at the start of the game.  PvP with primitive weapons can be really fun.But it has a bit of an identity crisis imo.  It has to decide whether it wants to be a mindless run and gun game for aggressive 12 year olds, or if it wants to build on the foundation where tactics, strategies and situational awareness trumps all in a survival enviornment.TLDR;Rust is at its best when it has a heavy dose of survival gameplay, mixed with a bit of crafting and sprinkled with some PvP.  It is at its worst (right now imo) when it relies so heavily on PvP to the point where survival gameplay becomes an afterthought.I hope the developers build on the survival aspects of the game and start to relax on the ""all out bloodshed"" mentality that seems to overtaken the game.Although I have incredible respect for the developer/creator of this game, right now I would NOT recommend this game.  Until they do something to show that the game is not being developed with griefing as its main priority, I will not play this game much longer if at all."
,Not Recommended,252490,8344744,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test,"I was really looking forward to playing this game, but right now it is impossible to connect to any servers, and crashes if i try to run in windowed mode. Can't reccomend it until this is fixed.[EDIT]I was able to connect to 2 servers (took over an hour), however they werent community servers. The ammount of lag that I experienced should not even be legal. My game also crashed about 12 times and I kept randomly crouching and opening the settings menu. I wont be playing this game for a while."
76561197987505629,Not Recommended,252490,23005694,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Turd Ferguson,"My first few hours in this game were spent on official servers. Even the least populated ones were filled with player built structures, and I was killed multiple times before I even managed to fully clothe myself. No matter how much I ran, I couldn't get away from other players or their bases. If you want to play this solo (or even in a small group) on official servers, the suggestions I've read basically amount to that South Park WoW episode where they just hide in the forest and kill boars for 1xp for days.I set up a dedicated server to play with 1 or 2 friends, and that's been really enjoyable so far. The mechanics of this game are great. Building bases, exploring, fighting buggy AI, looting are all really fun. The biggest flaw with the game right now is how saturated the existing servers are and the lack of balance. It's basically join a group or die, which is fine, but not really how the game is being advertised."
76561198035524835,Not Recommended,252490,24465549,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nextran,"Rust is dead by nowWell great game, but very frustrating.This was months ago, by now rust is evolving the wrong direction, Clans are booming, and people, who can`t play all the time have no chance.But one of the worst things that happend, was the xp-system, its grindy and as you get rewarded for everything the only thing you have to do is play long, this means you can`t just get a lucky kill on someone with much stuff and then build a base, as you have to level first.But clans of course level faster, because they can just share their tools and ressources and play a lot more, allowing them to level up on lvl 50 in 2 days, while iam a week after xp-introduction still lvl 15. This jsut takes out the unpredictable elemnt out of rust, before you could always kill someone with a good tactic or luck and research his♥♥♥♥♥♥ allowing you to  craft end game equipment after a few hourse even if you are alone, just cos of skill.This game is evolving in the wrong direction, and by now everyone whos pc can do it i just don`t know why you should still play rust if you can play ark, its the same grindy expierince by now, but with a lot more content."
,Not Recommended,252490,13102067,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Augment,"The original Rust before the ridiculous overhaul was nearly perfect.  I, along with many other players, thought that with regular updates it would be the perfect game.  It was just so well put together.And then the company decided to destroy their product (after they cashed in on millions of dollars in early access sales) and released an ""improvement"" to the game which is anything but.  Rust is now horrible to the point of unplayable and I see no way they are going to fix it.  It's just not fun any longer.  In fact, it feels like torture to play the new version with the knowledge of what the old experience was like.Why did they have to destroy the game?  I just don't understand."
,Recommended,252490,23110703,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ℒℬ • Ghoul,"Well you wild savages, rust is fun as hell, stop looking at reviews and get it."
76561198005641672,Not Recommended,252490,8147951,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Paclaus,"If you are a fan of getting killed and losing everything you fought for (that includes your house, your loot, your weapons, your resources) while you are sleeping and praying not to lose your items, then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,252490,8701531,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Skeletor,"1/5 The idea is fun, but its barely Playable.if anything once the creators can be bothered to come back, i think i'll get a Refund for a barely playable game even at that. I meet the specs, yet the lag is just killing me making the game unplayable.I've looked for Fix's, None work.Community: Ever played Day Z and know the Bambi's from the Bandits? Yeah...Everyone on rust is a Bandit. Its easy to run up behind someone and hit someone with a rock till they're dead so you can steal what ever they had (Even if they just spawned.)All in All?Still a 1/10. Community is terrible, The resources are so rare that you would have to die 5 times to even get some, and if you do god forbid someone run behind you and when you try to run, you lag and you die. This is honestly the first game i have heard of that -stops- you when you lag. Making running near pointless.Don't buy this yet, I'd wait..a year..Or two."
,Recommended,252490,8480503,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[35th]Col.Malakith Skadi,"Would be awesome if the term ""Alpha"" didn't mean a total map wipe every 3 days. There is only so many times you can rebuild a base before you just decide to come back in Beta..."
,Recommended,252490,10037216,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Showbiz,It's k.
,Recommended,252490,17381012,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Downenheimer,-Starts Rust-Goes to Official Servers-Finds server-All Russians-Leaves-Find new server-Makes friends-They build base while I don't give a ♥♥♥♥-Spawn in new base-Chopping wood-Chopping more wood-Mining stone-Even more stone-Reinforce base-Expands the base-Live in base-Kill animals-Make cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥gear-Shoot people for fun-Gets blown up-Base gets raided-Base gets taken over by... RUSSIANS!??!11/10
76561198129854728,Not Recommended,252490,15849911,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nigel Marvin,If you have a lower end PC DON'T GET THIS! I run DayZ standalone at 30+ fps and Rust at about 5. So...
,Not Recommended,252490,13245434,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,∀lǝx,"I really regret buying this game.Feels awful to play and lacks the basics such as footstep sounds on certain surfaces and attack animations. I couldn't even see an options menu in-game. There's only a start and a quit button. To walk up some stairs I had to repeatedly jump. The rock swing animation was that bad, I can see through it when I'm swinging since it clips through the view. Combat is poor, I get hit from a mile away by a rock, and because there's no animation, I can't even tell when I'm gonna be hit or not.I'll check back later, but for now this just lacks any form of polish whatsoever."
,Recommended,252490,9009957,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,pudi pudi,"Rust!People are always asking me ""How are you not bored of Rust?"" when they see I have almost 700 hours of game time.I do not really see how anyone can be bored when there is so much to do.I'm either being Killed on Sight or chatting with Friendlys (yes there are a few:P), so I have never really had a dull moment in game.I think what helps keep the game fresh -for me- is that I play on different Community and Modded servers - even Official.There are purely PVP servers where you spawn with full armor/weapons and then the opposite; servers where C4 is disabled.Gameplay is pretty much just based on the type of server you join.It also helps if you have a friend or two to run around with (or spend hours searching for each other if you are both new lol).The game is in Alpha and new things are constantly being added/removed/fixed.EX/ Today on 2/6 zombies were removed and the red bears and wolves were implemented... they make trying to survive very interesting xDEDIT: 04/15/2016This game ruined my life."
76561197986146742,Recommended,252490,8754474,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,CreepFactor,VERY GOOD GAME!
76561198016597627,Not Recommended,252490,10255583,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,jerny,"Garry took my money and ran - no updates - rediculous amount of cheating - Alpha or not, I'd take my money back if I could."
,Not Recommended,252490,15827201,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Throw Game,"Great game with lots of potential, but the hackers spoil the game so much. Don't buy this game till Garry Newman fixes this♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Its almost pointless to play, what with all the hackers and all that."
,Recommended,252490,8586558,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,hexy,THIS. GAME. IS. AWESOME.
,Recommended,252490,17360566,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,FurthestAway219,"Alright, so overall, its a great game, fabulous graphics, good game mechanics (sometimes) and probably the best building system any survival game has to offer. its hilarious seeing nakeds running around with a rock tryin to hammer eachothers face. the crafting system is pretty sweet. not everyone you see, wants to kill you thank god (depends on the server) i've had some pretty nice encounters over my travals in Rust BUT..... there are a few things you need to know before purchasing Rust:1: wouldnt recommend playing alone for you will only be slaughted over and over again. but if you do have friends to play with or if you meet some kind chaps in your adventures in Rust, then you should ""SHOULD"" be fine..2:the animals seem to be the most bugged out of anything seems they just run up cliffs/rock hills like the're nothing and when they dont, they just run through them, not around. yes i understand its early access but every animal i've seen has been known to do this and they still havnt fixed it so i dunno what the go is there.3: your most likely to be killed more quicker if you dont have a mic to tell people your friendly or just passing through. but still even then, people can just be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill you either cause you walked on there land, or just simply cause you might have more or better stuff then them Unless your a fresh spawn which in that case, not many people will worry.oh and i havnt experienced it for myself, but i have heard of ""no-clippers"" which im guessing are hackers that can just walk through your base willingly and take all your♥♥♥♥♥♥without any sign of forced entry--theres not many other downfalls to the game that i took notice of but these seem to be the ones worth sharing--P.s this is my first review and i only did this to get the badge but i might keep doing reviews if people find my review helpful or even if i get a little bit of positive feedbackanyway stay cool guys :D"
,Not Recommended,252490,8722156,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ᴮᶫᵒᵒᵈᵗʸᵖᵉ⁰ᵖᵒˢ,"DayZ or Rust? That seems to be the comparison thrown around the webs. I would maybe recommend DayZ, but I can't recommend RUST and I'll give you quick rundown on the things that bugged me the most.The server list. Joining a server on DayZ is very simplified. You can filter, refresh, select a desired server and then click 'connect'. Not so simple in RUST.In RUST, the server list populates and shuffles around based on the filter, and to connect to a server, you have to double click that server. Doesn't sound bad does it? Well, imagine trying to double click that server name while its being shuffled up and down your screen, flickering in and out, at the speed of blink. I've never once joined a server I wanted to, because there is no way to stop the list from populating, so when you click on a server, by the time you get the second click off, that server could be 2 pages back. NOT A JOKE. In DayZ, when you click a server, that server stays on screen, everything is simplified. Also, when you join a different server on RUST, ALL OF YOUR STUFF IS GONE. You start over on that server. On DayZ, all your possesions cross servers. In some rare cases where a private server is using a different(older) build, then yes, maybe.Both games are in Alpha. Which is more Alpha? RUST. DayZ is missing a few core elements, but Rust is missing a lot more substance, which being a game centered on crafting, is huge. Although what stood out more than that was the quality. I started the game at night and the sky is horrible. I questioned the graphics after seeing tons of screens and videos, but after playing I can tell you that the graphics are pretty bad. The sky is obviously boxed. The stars are square pixels and the moon had no effects, just halo within halo of slightly darker color. The wildlife and zombies also look horrible. Guess whats worse? The sound quality. The sound quality in this game is really bad. I was chased by a wolf to some rocks that it couldn't climb on and so its bark just looped. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bark. It was hilarious and I laughed. And its everything too. The sound of you banging your starting rock on trees to gather wood will give you a headache.Rust seems to really be centered around crafting or building everything from your weapons, clothes, food, and shelter. All of which you need to survive, but this is the main sell and is the only reason I can give to get this game. If you like gathering resources(which are scarce) and building a shelter, home, or whatever and protecting that, then you will like this game. It is a very unforgiving survival game, yes, but that all revolves around your crafting first and foremost.The community is what everyone complains about on RUST and DayZ. No one likes to die or have their posessions stolen. Despite all the complaints, I've been fortunate to have come across decent players on both games. But which is worse? I'll tell you which community is more annoying. RUST. There is a global chat in rust(text only) that gets spammed by crybabies constantly. No such thing in DayZ. Mostly its people accusing other people of hacking. On that note, I've personally seen players running at 20X normal speed through fields and other players suiciding in their presence. RUST has no official servers so you will be at the mercy of hackers and admins. I have never seen or heard of a hacker yet in DayZ, but every single game of RUST I've seen accusations thrown in global chat or witnessed myself.I did have fun with RUST. My first encounter involves a man peeking through a square hole in a house that I found and occupied. He said,"" Hello there, my boy! I see you have a nice fire there!"" We had a pleasant conversation, after which hilarity ensued, a chase, and then a mortal contest. I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself from laughter. However, I can't recommend this game because so much of it is bad and/or unfinished. My thoughts might change a year or so from now, but pesonally, I recommend you take that 20 bill and spend it on a better game or beer."
,Not Recommended,252490,32926757,Posted: 28 June,all,Ellie,"This game has 0 point if you want to play alone and not with friends. The balancing gives a lot of advantage to large groups and there's 0 point in playing ""PvE"".Moreover, a substantial part of the game is just ""farming"". Take another way better game and do not buy that one."
76561198055420886,Not Recommended,252490,8583508,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,St34lth,"I would not recomend this game, I cant even run the game and i have higher than the recomended system requirements. I did not pay 20 dollars for something that i can't even use"
,Recommended,252490,9071362,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Koala,"I love this game, I built a house around a guys house and made him my prisoner, I fed him cans of tuna and cooked chicken when it was available, and some times I would drop in spare logs of wood(when they were available). The best part. he talks to me, keeps telling me his clans going to raid my structure and save him.. I simply respond with . ""Ill release you one day, just sit tight""-Koala"
,Not Recommended,252490,22389137,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kyrottimus,"The randomization of ""gender"" (i.e. weird-looking, alien-like female type humanoid) is one thing, but to force it on players in a permanent basis based on their steam ID is stupid.  Yes, female characters were needed.  Multiple races were needed.  Players should, however, be able to freely choose.  I know it's not very original, but being able to customize your avatar as you see fit is important in a game like this.  Whether you want the character to look like you or not is irrelevent.  The point is Facepunch is forcing its players (i.e. its backers, since it's still early access) to play a character not of their choosing and one they may not necessarily like.I expect there to always be men who play female characters and women who play men, but if it's their choice, then I'm all for it.  But voice-chat will ruin any immersion.  I've heard the argument ""so does a kid's voice coming out of a man's body.""  Well, seems interesting considering this game is rated for adults only, and if not then why are no children character models in Rust for them to play?That being said, it's a game.  It's supposed to be fun.  Remove enough of the choices that tend to make a game more attractive and pretty soon people will make the choice to not play anymore.Had a lot of fun while it lasted.  Voting no out of principle."
76561198155451414,Recommended,252490,18996305,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,The_Kellz,"I was truly hesitant to buy this game because of my experience with past alphas. After 70 hours of gameplay *cough* in roughly a week and a half.. I can honestly say this game is super fun. Yes this is still in the alpha phase so there are some bugs. But do you want a game that is so versatile that you can do what you want when you want? This is for you... Don't want to deal with people killing you? Fine just go in a non pvp server.. Want to get put on a beach somewhere, naked with nothing but a rock surrounded by people who know what there doing, fighting your way through the elements? Well they got servers for you. I have never had this much fun exploring the different ways to progress. I admit that I am a little bit of a glutton for being put in impossible odds situations, so some of rusts servers have definitely provided that.Anyway enough of my rambling. If you want a survival game that takes a break away from the norm of zombies, and focuses more on establishing yourself as a survivalist and using that reputation to build your allies to conquer territory; This game is most certainly for you."
,Not Recommended,252490,21445407,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Glitch,"In my opinion, Rust legacy was infinitely more fun. I can't even get into the ""new"" Rust so if you want a ""real"" review probably look elsewhere. *shrug*"
76561198164164081,Not Recommended,252490,23876598,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LieutenantPoundsteel,"Fun gameplay, cancerous players. roving groups of what i can best describe as ""raiders"" will murder you before you get a chance to even enjoy what the developers have made. the people in the game are the worst... which actually is a very accurate representaion of society as a whole."
,Recommended,252490,10398790,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,FehiŸ,After 100+ hours this is getting bored. But if you like this game you can play it anyway :DWill hope what with new updates this is gone and It will be interesting to play it again :)
,Not Recommended,252490,8390172,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bog My World...,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game ♥♥♥♥ garry newman
,Not Recommended,252490,25138627,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Galaxywalker,The game goes in the wrong direction. I rather play The Forest.
76561198184886877,Not Recommended,252490,19927833,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jose,Kill on Sight Simulator
,Not Recommended,252490,22370887,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mr.Mayhem,"Don't ♥♥♥♥ing change my gender without my consent, I don't want to be a woman, I'm a man and that's how I wanna play my games. Would refund it if I could. POS game."
76561198047088928,Not Recommended,252490,15314079,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DT,It would be fun if you fixed the hacking. On new rust. RIP Washington server
,Not Recommended,252490,8468248,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sweatshirt,Needs a lot of improvement. Game progress doesn't seem to save which is very frustrating.
,Not Recommended,252490,8418288,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FusedCandy19,"people stole housees and even there's c4 for it, this game is not battlefield, this game is for servival, and airdrop is not make seance, if there's airdrop, why doesn't people save us? even infestation doesn't have that system, this game is too far away from servival game."
,Not Recommended,252490,8015110,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Porkpie Delight,"This review is only relevant for people running on Mac OS X - if you are running Windows or Linux, read another review - this one isn't for you.I cant speak for the performance on Windows or Linux, but on Mac OS X (I'm running the latest version of Mavericks) It runs at an unbearable fps - about 1 frame per second even at the lowest resolution. Now I know Macs aren't greatly optimised for gaming, but im sure a large part of the current performance must be due to the unfinished alpha state of the game.I'm sure the gameplay is fantastic and fun - I just havent been able to try it yet.So for people running on OS X I cant recommend the game -YET- Im sure performance will improve and I cant wait until it does! I look forward to being able to recommend the game for OS X users in the future."
76561198047196894,Not Recommended,252490,22136532,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Boonk Gang!,"Well, This is something unexpected for me to do. This was a great game intill the big changes.Im going to list a few reasons why Legacy was such a better game-Graphics were simple and had a nice feel to the game-You could actually run the ♥♥♥♥er, the new rust is for Beast CP's now Medium range Computers cannot stay within the 50-60 Fps range now (My R9 380 cant top 58 on Medium settings, and when i farm it goes down to 30, In legacy i could easily get 100-130 fps)-It had a nice Survival feel to it unlike the new rust, it had a sense of ""Wow, im actually going to need to survive here""-You didnt have to worry about getting guns or weapons all the time since your main concern was to hide from animals and zombies- The community wasnt cancer back then, you could easily ask someone if they wanted to survive with you instead of getting KoS from just about anyone ingame-There was KoS in legacy, and it wasnt rare but people seemed more pleasent to be around.-The Building was not as good, but it gave you more realistic buildings, since you know your here to survive not become a realistate desighner-Gun play seemed arcadey wich isnt the best way to describe it but it was fun, entertaining and didnt feel to much like a FPS-Guns felt more like a tool then a weapon (sounds weird i know) But you used them most of the time to hunt animals or defend yourself from zombies rather then something you only use on other players-Raiding was intense, you actually had to plan your attack, for example you had to look between the gaps in the walls to see were the stash was and then plant the bomb. Now its just a bunch of rockets and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-The Map was something else (there was only 1) It had bunch of eras wich had different feels to them each and you had to plan were you wanted to set up camp since those spots all had unique things going for them-I personaly hate random generated maps, especially when most of the time it makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense at all, i mean a random ""Rad town"" in the middle of a snowy feild and right next to it is a huge globe that looks like a Wonderball i mean what? Atleaste legacy has a road and towns and such that made sense"
76561197998004307,Not Recommended,252490,20409272,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Noventus,"My PC is starting to show signs of age, but is by no means a slouch. Plenty of games it runs flawlessly, with the graphics turned up high. Rust is not one of them... it's jolty, clunky, poorly optimised, tat. Waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,252490,12488405,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Vae Victus,"The idea behind this game is not too original as you can see alot of survival ""early access"" games in steam.But this game is alot worse than similar genre games.Imagine that you play this game from beginning with only a stone in your hand. Than you managed to build a house, get some stuff after tens of hours..Things are going well huh?Well look at sky because you ll see a hacker flying above you and kill you instantly.. now you have nothing but a stone because he looted everything... or 2 kids come with c4 and blow your hours spent home and stole your stuff...Not fair... please think twice before you buy this game...."
,Recommended,252490,8832342,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,OXY,"Very excellent gameIf you enjoy Minecraft and DayZ then just imagine a game with the two combined into one game with a post apocalyptic feeling. This is your game :)Best to be played with friends most definitely otherwise it will be very difficult, but a really nice community and you'll most likely meet some nice people on there. It's still in Alpha as well and it actually feels like a FULL game."
,Recommended,252490,34282104,Posted: 16 August,all,DizzyMcGee,Ruined my friendship but still a great game overallSad (8)/10
,Recommended,252490,8047759,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,UberGuitarDude,"On a serious note:This game is seriously incredible. The amount of replay value is really ridiculous. Server to server, you have an amazing time going from a nudist with a rock to a fully decked out kevlar clad, M4 wielding juggernaut. Whether you defend people from bandits or become one yourself. Finally getting to the point where you're rollin' around in your metal house, sniping people, etc. is just amazing. Seriously worth getting. I always try to justify games by the hours played, unless the story is just THAT amazing, however this game has no story, at least not yet, and I have 200+ hours on it. It's just incredible. Only downside right now is Alpha which means there're quite a few hacks pretty open in it, but that'll get fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,252490,8211974,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cixelsyd_42,"So far, not able to play the game...which might be a disappointment even if it worked.  Bought, installed, and picking a server, just hangs....Sad."
76561198040151589,Not Recommended,252490,13437934,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Theroommate,"Played the game when it first launched. It was fun and different. I loved it. Then came the ridiculous amount of hackers and to top it off there is Admin abuse in almost every server you can go into(In your face blatant abuse). Then they said "" Hey lets remove the zombies and just have these ridiculous animal zombies that when you kill drop a back pack. o.O. Why would you do that lol. SMFH. I don't understand what they were thinking. This game has only been going down hill fast in the last year. Be warned. I would not buy this game knowing all this information and I don't think you should either."
76561198108685512,Not Recommended,252490,8133965,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,I want to Cr2O7-2,This is one of the worst game i have ever downloaded because at first i couldn't even open the open the app. Then finally when I read all of the support blog things it re-downloaded. When I got into the app I couldn't get into the sever. Waste of money... Don't bother.
,Recommended,252490,13871595,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Ruigi,"Got robbed for my pants, joined the Church of Cage and eventually became a trader of legend; eventually wielding my ammassed influence to destroy free trade in Rustifac.Also, this:http://playrust.com/an-incomplete-history-of-the-rust-factions-server/"
,Not Recommended,252490,9263907,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,DIgnified,"Any effort you put into this game will be wiped out.  Unless you're online 24 hours a day, or have a crew of people rotating on watch... anything you acquire will be stolen when you log off, by the people who have 36 free hours a day to play."
,Recommended,252490,9294691,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,kyle,>be me>naked in strange land>build house y not>people come>get shot>i died>do again
76561198026355270,Not Recommended,252490,24320937,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Osirus,Was good new XP system ruined the survival aspect. Now it is a♥♥♥♥♥♥MMO.
76561197998209703,Not Recommended,252490,24499314,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ka0z,"This game survival game was uniq with the blueprint system, intil they dicided to make it like all the other survival games with EXP system. Now it is a grind simulator if u want do some progres at all! They make it way more harder for solo players to achive late game, and nerfed all the early EXP gear and weapons. If your not in a huge clan, dont bother to buy this game, its not ""Rust"" anymore."
,Not Recommended,252490,23722420,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,WitchSpoon,"Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥It has the capability of being a good game, but is ruined by it's own community. The gameplay is repetitive, slow and doesnt feel very rewarding half the time. The repetitiveness comes from the fact that you go out, gather resources, get killed, try and find your body, then go back home. The game requires you to be cruel, you not allowed to be friendly. You will be killed on sight be it for a bone club or a bolt action. That is unless you go on a community server which regulates what can and cant be done. But even then, people will work out loop holes. E.g: Role playing as ruthless killers who kos and raid endlessly.Speaking of raid, I think the worst part of the game is the fact that people can and will raid you when your offline and cant defend yourself. A big clan of maybe 10, or 20 can get lots of c4 and will just destroy all that you hold dear. Nobody cares.Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ this game. You can get the odd person who might help you out, I'm sure, but they're getting rarer and rarer.Also, quite a few stupid bugs involving animals phasing in and out of reality. Doesnt help really.TL;DR - Bad community, Bad gameplay. You'll probably regret it. Basically DayZ with more nature and brighter dcolours."
,Not Recommended,252490,31656959,Posted: 9 May,all,Tazclap,The new update is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and ruined the entire game.
,Recommended,252490,9575217,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,RageFu,"Enjoyed this game for a long time. It's a Early Access game and I hope they grow as much as they want to! This game is already a playable game, but reading about developer foruns, design for itens that doesn't even are inside the game yet you see that they're working to make this game bigger and fast! A survival FPS game just like any other, but now without zombies."
76561198061629431,Recommended,252490,9187803,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,[MEME] Sexy Black Jesus,Went on a official server and chased people down with a rock and killed them while blasting Tiny Tim on mic chat.10/10 Would rust again.
,Not Recommended,252490,28241438,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,NeO_Anderson,"I have to say, whilst I've played this game for sometime.... I would not recommend this game. The main reason behind this as so many have said, is the community that the game has. It really doesn't matter what you have on you, pretty much everyone just wants to kill you. Even if they know you have nothing of value, they still want to kill you just for the fun of it. In games like these, when you spend hours....days....collecting and gathering resources...trying to improve your living space, only to have it gone in 5mins by some russian..and I'm not being racist here, 9/10 it really is some random russian dude will find and destroy anything you have even if what you have is 3 stone and 2 wood.  I've stopped playing this game for sometime now and the main reason behind this is you get to the point where you just think...""what is the point?"".... I mean you gather resources, (only a small amount because you dont want to carry too much incase you get killed), walk back to your base, improve it a bit, go out again, gather bit more....get killed, return home, go out , gather bit more, return home, home has been destroyed, you then die from the people destroying/raiding it. back to square one, repeat cycle. If you actually do manage to get to a level where others require a lot of resources to actually raid you, even then.... your not safe. Because that is when you return the following day to find it all gone....again. Now this is by no means a 'rage-quit' of any kind. The game itself is amazing, i love it....and I would totally return to play this in the future should things change but as of now, this game is simply not worth the time and effort that you would put into it. It is actually common knowledge now , that the only real way to playt his game and not be so disheartened by raiding/destroying/killing is to literally have nothing... anything you gather resource wise, just use it or trash it before you go offline because someone else will take it from you anyway.... and this by the way is excluding all the messed up bugs and glitches that exist in the game to make things THAT much harder."
,Not Recommended,252490,20272225,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,O C E A N  M A N,"I would really like to recommend this game, but I simply cannot as it has too many issues, the most major one being the lack of optimization. The lazy developers haven't decided to put much effort into making the engine more efficient, meaning that you will need a supercomputer to run this at 60 frames per second.Then. there is the toxic community, paired with the lack of a good anti-cheat client. People will kill you no matter what - even noobs with nothing but rocks will try to bash your skull in and steal your items. The whole server is after you, and most of the playerbase is made of roving bands of pre-teens dedicated to burning down and looting your shelter.Oh, and let's not forget the lack of character customization. After taking a long break from the game, I return to find my character an EFFING WOMAN. I don't have problems with women, but I simply don't want my avatar to be a woman, but WTF were the devs thinking? And the gender / race is linked to your steam ID, so if you're unhappy with having a dong or♥♥♥♥♥♥ good luck crying this to the devs. And let's not mention how it's been in Early Access for fkn forever.Amusing to play with friends, but just a bad, bland and tasteless experience when playing alone. Stay away."
76561198090673126,Not Recommended,252490,8640800,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,absynith,"I have tried really hard to like this game.  And perhaps one day I will once more content has been released for it and it is no longer the ""flavor of the month"".  Maybe it has something to do with me being a female gamer and not having a female toon to play.  Or perhaps it is the fact that I have not enjoyed PVP since Team Fortress Classic came out many many years ago.   I just do not like to put work into a game and log out, then come back and find out that all my stuff is gone because I have been raided.  This game is way to unforgiving to new players atm.  I will give it some time to mature and check it out again later."
76561198014437947,Recommended,252490,9054029,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,pull over,"So far of my 16 minutes of gameplay i already got killed about 24 times. The game for players with Intel Pentium (the first ones) is unplayable! The lags are so big that i even get higher fps on shogun 2 max detail. Look at the minimum requirements.Minimum:OS: Windows XPProcessor: 2 ghzMemory: 4 GB RAMDirectX: Version 9.0Hard Drive: 1 GB available spacei have a much better pc specs that those.How many fps do i get?5 - 11the highest so far is 13 because i turned off grass , shadows and turned everything on low. WHEN LOOKING ON THE SKY.Now on the game.It is cool. Many features. Simple inventory. Interesting building system.The only problem of the game is community and the optimizationLet me show you Community of Rust : KoS bandits , naked bunch of men with rocks (also KoS) friendlies. (not many of those)Imo. The game is not worth the 18.99. It is worth 11.99 at its current state.I will surely come back to this game when they improve optimization.Pluses :+ Almost no bugs+ The createors are adding more stuff.+ Interesting building systemMinuses :- Community.- Poor optimizationOverall Rust is a good game. It could be a little bit cheaper 'cause i begin to regret the buy. If you have pc specs higher that the recommended on steam you will have no problems with fps, but you will be frustrated with all the bandits . That is all!"
,Recommended,252490,8648833,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Treble,Very good game to play with freinds.
,Not Recommended,252490,33328130,Posted: 6 July,all,bk,rip ak
,Not Recommended,252490,8629716,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Cat Throw Up,"Pros: Interesting concept and ideas. DayZ and Minecraft had a baby.Cons: Graphics are a total joke. No Mocap used whatsoever, god aweful audio, community is full of cry babies and trollhards, animations are just horrible, zombies are pathetic is sound/appearance/AI. Best part, if ""head bob"" camera makes you nautious, deal with it- cause you can't turn it off.Other Thoughts: This game is not even in alpha state. Anyone could make this- buy $100 game tools and presto your are on your way. Dont expect this game to get any better. Complete vaporware just like WarZ.. Don't believe me on how bad it is? Go youtube ""Jumping on Rust game"" Yeah, does that look like something you really want to be a part of? Save your $20 and go buy some beer- that's what I wish I would have done.."
76561198010211080,Recommended,252490,9201470,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,₯ | LK | Spooky Scary Spatulas,"Hugged a bear, got shot in the butt.10/10Would hug again."
,Not Recommended,252490,22408183,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Astrix13,I was super excited to play this game and build my character and do some RP then i realise i'm a female and i can't change it. This has to be the dumbest thing in a game ever. It's roll playing and i can't pick my gender. Girs running around with blokes voices and vice versa.
,Recommended,252490,8761053,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,NaCl,Some guy killed me and took my rock.10/10
,Not Recommended,252490,10107124,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Helixheven,"This game has such a solid foundation. The only problem is that you will find yourself screaming at your computer so much that all the fun will be sucked out of your very being. The community of players will make sure you don't feel at home at all. Telling you how much you suck is just their way of saying hi. That being said, enjoy spending $20 on something that will get your blood boiling. Many deaths are ahead of you, so grab a beer and buckle down because its going to suck. This game has already rusted over...."
76561197999746106,Not Recommended,252490,31546674,Posted: 4 May,all,Noseybonk,"SInce the new update its almost impossible to play alone without a working tool cupboard, is awfwull and unplayable"
,Recommended,252490,8552317,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Athravan,"I loaded in, naked and armed with a rock and a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The latter of which confused and disorientated me greatly. Immediately, a posh British accent was talking to me, ""Hello? Hello? Who's this? What are you doing? Are you new?"" I was greatly relieved to hear the voice of a fellow Brit on an American server, but also shy and scared so I wandered off aimlessly, trying to figure out my keybindings.He persisted and followed me for a few minutes, asking questions. Finally, he says ""Speak to me! Do you want this flare in your face?"" and brings out a flare. This seemed like something I most certainly did not want.""No thanks,"" I respond ""I don't think I would enjoy that.""Within a split second, I hear his anguished screams, ""IT'S A GIRL, IT'S A GIRRRRRRL, KILL IT WITH FIRE."" He launches his flare at my face, and runs off into the night. Whelp, at least I got a free flare.I never used voice chat again.Fun game though, better in a group than solo, standard disclaimer, early alpha, needs a lot of improvement, but solid base. There are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere, literally and metaphorically so find some people to align yourself with, and prepare to be mugged if you go out farming alone. Not going to play it anymore right now (since I have no friends, single tear) but I'll be keeping an eye on patch updates and revisit in the future."
,Not Recommended,252490,31145282,Posted: 14 April,all,ChromaaTic❤,"absolute dogshit game, it has the potential to be the best game ever but the devs listen to the ♥♥♥♥♥ies on reddit instead of the actual good players who have been around for a while. Each week theres a game breaking bug in the update, new roleplayer items, unneccesary chairs, tables, bear rugs, a new set of skins that look like complete ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥and usually some changes that aren't even mentioned in the devblog but forcefully changed upon us and make me want to kill myself. PvP in this game is about 90% luck/rng and about 10% skill. You have god tier aim? Well who cares? with the aimcone on the p2/revolver none of your shots will hit!. The guns have unreasonable reload times and pullout times. Bows/crossbows/pipes/anything primitive is completely ♥♥♥♥ing uselesss considering it takes like 4 bow headshots to kill someone geared and thats if they don't run or heal up. Oh and did I mention you can't have a life outside this game if you play it? that's right, unless you want to get raided, and only have a bow all wipe, you have to devote ur life to farming if you want to have a decent wipe. oh , so you just got a p2 and you wanna go make plays? haha ur funny , have fun hitting someone 9 times and getting them to 20hp, oh wait a second....... thats if your 9 shots even hit because the p2 has an aimcone..... yea you're lucky if 1 or 2 of them hit by luck. i could write a book on whats wrong with this game but that would be a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time. speaking of a waste of time i have 6k hrs on this game. anyways if you are thinking about buying this game just dont even bother. its just a skill-less farming simulator. basically unpaid labor."
,Recommended,252490,19468060,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,slpemllik,This game is good but needs more optimization
,Recommended,252490,8713604,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ollex,"I beat a man to death with a rock, 31/9.5 would beat again"
,Recommended,252490,9535247,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Herbert -wY ツ,Game allows you to make good partnership with players.Game gives you a good and fun experience with players.Game helps you slowly develop trust issues on players.Game turns you into a serial killer in order to protect yourself from the world.BEST GAME EVER 20/10
,Recommended,252490,15119734,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Lunaril,"A Beta-stage game, with a lot of potential, Rust is a survival-genre gatherer/crafter sim. The graphics are fairly nice, though you are limited on what you can craft. A lot of PVP Trolls can be found on the various servers of this game, so if that is not your thing, you may not enjoy this game as much as you could. Still it has potential and it will be interesting to see what changes they make going forward to give the game more dynamic playability."
,Recommended,252490,8154638,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Skritla,"Oh my ♥♥♥♥, Naked guy here, Naked guy their. ♥♥♥♥ing best game ever. Garry, You did it again."
,Recommended,252490,10526448,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jimmy,Best game I have ever played.10/10
76561198120382831,Recommended,252490,18479074,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SirPumperCockIV,"I got rust a few months ago. Played a lot man i mean this game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ That is...until you meet the people.Oh man the people are the most, vile, mean, terrible, racist people you will meet in gaming. N bomb gets dropped at least 1k times on every server. Twelve year olds screaming at you in mics, racist comments everywhere, racist signs, racist clans all the bad♥♥♥♥♥♥man. Not only this but rust is kos man im pretty sure you know that. Lets say you see someone and your new. Kill them. kill them before they kill you. Because if they have experience they will kill you. Its kill or be killed. If you give someone some gear they will get you while your back is turned. I mean now some people in this game will be nice but i can literally if i count how many people are nice in the game i met. Its about 15. So fun game but racist,mean and terrible community."
,Not Recommended,252490,31547280,Posted: 4 May,all,Incownito03,"May 4th Update, game is no longer worth playing since your items have no way of being protected. I am not going to play this game until it is reverted to how it was before where tool cupboard actually did a job. I am not the only one who has quite, four others I played with have also quite because of the same reason. I have also seen dozens and dozens of negative reviews posted 4/5/17 becuase of how the new update work about bases. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME UNTIL THEY FIX WHAT HAS BEEN MADE RUBBISH. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME, I AM REALLY ANNOYED SINCE £12,99 COULD HAVE GONE SOMEWHERE BETTER."
,Not Recommended,252490,23904965,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Saireon,This game is amazing! Amazingly Bad and has the worst community ever.
,Not Recommended,252490,34008130,Posted: 3 August,all,Rocko,Not fun if playing solo
,Recommended,252490,17963660,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,IKNOWICANFLY,"Amazing, i love that good developers and that dope game. 10/10."
,Recommended,252490,22090407,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tankmen,"I know what I'm talking about , I've clocked 300+ hours on this rock smashing simulator------------------------------------------------Facepunch Studios yall did well with Rust.This is a Early Access game but it actually feels like a finished game (ignores the bugs).But lets get started, well the objective of this is game SURVIVE, it sounds difficult, You can tottally play this game solo. But I recommend to play this game with your friends just to have some crazy stuff happen. The game is growing every week a new update, and you notice the changes every week. Dont doubt to get this game cause its Early Access, its a finished game with every week updates. This game is Multiplayer so you need a decent Internet connection to play this.There are 2 kinds of servers: Vanilla servers (for the hardcore players) or Modded Servers (for the people that want to be rich) I usually play at the Modded servers because Vanilla servers are really difficult. Believe its really difficult, dont even think that if you're from Minecraft and play this game that it will be easy to master Vanilla, Its really hard to get stuff and you need patience cause if you craft stuff it can even take 10 minutes to craft stuff. That was the problem that I had with Vanilla so then I switched to modded.Melee Weapons:RockTorchStone HatchetHatchetStone Pick AxePickaxeSalvaged Ice PickSalvaged AxeWooden SpearStone SpearBone KnifeBone ClubSalvaged HammerMacheteSalvaged SwordMaceSalvaged CleaverLongswordRanged Weapons:Hunting BowF1 GrenadeBeancan GrenadeSurvey ChargeCrossbowRocket LauncherEoka PistolRevolverSemi-Automatic PistolSemi-Automatic RifleWaterpipe ShotgunPump ShotgunAssault RifleThompsonCustom SMGBolt Action RifleTimed Explosive Charge (C4)M249Handguns:Eoka PistolRevolverSemi-Automatic PistolShotguns:Waterpipe ShotgunPump ShotgunSub-Machine guns:ThompsonCustom SMGRifles:Assault RifleBolt Action RifleM249Semi-Automatic RifleExplosives:Timed Explosive ChargeRocket LauncherF1 GrenadeBean Can GrenadeSurvey ChargeWeapon mods:4x Zoom ScopeSilencerHolosightWeapon FlashlightWeapon LasersightOther:Hunting BowCrossbowAuto Turret(Sorry for putting all the weapons in this review, I'm sure that there are soem people that want to know that. Dont even get me started to put all the resources in this review)IF THERE'S A NEW WEAPON, THEN I MIGHT PUT THIS IN THE REVIEW-----------------------------------As you can see there's alot of stuff in this game to kill people.You can also repair stuff and Research stuff to get blueprints.There are also monuments where you can go too to get loot. And you can call a airdrop in some servers.Pvp: Pvp is great, there are no crosshairs the guns have recoil.The game is getting better and better.Graphics:The graphics are looking great.Performance:The performance is not the best , but I can run the highest settings with my GTX 960for older pc's there will be problems.Bugs:There are tons of bugs, but they are getting fixed.Updates:There are weekly updates but some of them are coming with wipes so you have to start all over again. But every update brings something new or fixes something.Finisher:Yeah this game is awesome if you love survival (and like to get eaten by a bear)but I've played this game alot and If I play it all the time it gets boring. Cause its just surviving and build a nice base, but you'll lose because you will get raide or there will be a wipe :(.I give this game a 8/10 donuts.See you in the next review"
,Recommended,252490,9072617,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,nero,you get chicken breast from every animal......#LOGIC
,Recommended,252490,21218226,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hippie Gamer ☮,"I'm giving it a positive rating because it's the best survival game you can get, but dear god the people. I'll get into the game itself first.So I never played old Rust, but from what I saw of the old Rust compared to the new version this is much better. The crafting is time consuming at times but not unfair, it's optimized better than the other survival games I've tried (dayz and h1z1 pale in comparison to this game in my opinion) so I can actually run this game around high settings even though I only have a 750ti. Without overclocking I do have a drop every now and then however so I do put them a bit lower than high when I'm not overclocking it. The weapons are pretty cool, and the building system is actually really good, and while there are a few small things that bother me, the only really annoying thing is how the animals act. You'll be chasing a deer ready to shoot an arrow at it and all the sudden it'll fly 20ft. up a rock instead of running around it, bears will randomly attack sometimes and wolfs don't act like wolfs at all. Instead of traveling in packs, you'll just see one random wolf running in circles (all the animals run in circles just about unless it's running away from someone or chasing someone) and it'll do a heck of a lot of damage. I feel like they should do less damage and be in a pack instead of the way they currently are.I haven't gotten to exploring the entire map on the server I play on but that's mainly because the majority of people do freak out and shoot you even if you're a fresh spawn, however some will be nice and after looting to see you are a fresh spawn they'll pick you up, sometimes even give you an axe or other resources to give you a small headstart into surviving. But...BUT...you can NOT get off this game almost ever, not in just the fact the game's addicting (it really is) but because of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who raid you while you're offline because they're too scared to fight anyone in a legit fight. I stayed up all night making sure I'd be A-Okay with some buddies, and got off for about 3-4 hours before going to watch Deadpool because I had to see that before someone spoiled it for me. After getting back, only taking about 6 hours off the game which is basically the amount of sleep the avg person might get in, the base had already been raided, all the beds/bags were destroyed, and there was an autistic sign with a pony on it showing me that it was ♥♥♥♥ing bronies that did it. Of all the cancerous people that decided to be wimps and raid offline people, it would have to be bronies.I get that getting raided is part of the game by the way, I'm not complaining like ""wah I got killed in a game about killing and surviving I'm gonna ♥♥♥♥♥ about it online now"", that's how it works. But when you can't keep everything unless you spend every waking moment on the game, it really makes you mad and just not want to try anymore, and the annoying part is there's no point in rebuilding because the server wipe is only in a few days so it'd be a waste of time.I'd still recommend buying this game despite this if you want a good survival game, because it's the best out of them and you can have a ton of fun on it when you're not getting screwed over. Just remember that you will be attacked a lot, especially if you build your base poorly.Now if you excuse me, I have a base to cry over."
76561197970771954,Recommended,252490,21029518,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Plaguedaddy,"The best place for the scum of the earth to meet and mingle. A place where perverts can legally run around naked. A place where racism is rampant, and everyone somehow knows your mom intimately. A place littered with wooden signs, depicting works of art that rival the masters of old. Do you enjoy swastikas? Phallic and erect male genitalia both large and small? or maybe a good literary work from one of the many poets that grace us with their presence in the game.  Yes folks this game is for you, dont hesitate and purchase it now!Enjoy hunting? How about being hunted for the miniscule amount of pixelated resources that you can carry on your person? Killing everyone, on sight, trusting no one? ""Golden rule?"" Hell no! How about ""Golden pools"" of urine upon courtesey? Yes your parents and teachers would be proud ladies and gentlemen.In all seriousness though, the game is great fun. Seems to run great on my pc and makes me laugh oh so much. How could I not give it a thumbs up?"
76561198038165446,Not Recommended,252490,17960139,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,123,"My FIrst Review on steam. Rust has many addictive features it nearly ticks all the box for gameplay, fun, interaction, base building and a feeling of achievement when you work for something. The one and only issue which is a big one is the serious amount of hacking and cheating that goes on during gameplay not only should someone be band for hacking but there Ip Address aswell. Aim Boting, flying, Teleporting, Opening your coded doors without knowing the codes, Glitching through barred up windows and walking through your base... These problems are endless and is not being taken care of quickly and properly enough, You can spend days and hours building your base for it to be taken by hackers which nearly beats the purpose and the time you've put into the game to begin with. If you get raided by non hackers then no problem thats part of the game and part of what makes Rust good not knowing if you got raided while your offline by non cheaters. All in all I have uninstalled the game with no intention of playing again until the hacking has completely stopped and I think the game is going to lose alot of Players that won't return back because the interest has been destroyed by the degenerate people that feel the need to cheat in a GAME.... Great game, Great concept, Slowly but surely being ruined. For now I would not recommend this game for the sole reason of hackers your wasting your own time putting effort into something that you can't do anything about to defend."
,Recommended,252490,12668082,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lord Kres,I die alot and i can´t even gather enough recources to cover my naked butt...Still a lot of funI will write a better review after i have managed to build a house
,Recommended,252490,8315715,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Capt. Cockhead,hi
76561198065320958,Recommended,252490,18769619,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Vault Security,"Only playable with friends, otherwise there is no point. But you can make new friends to play with on a server! Once you make friends or join a group, it's all about control. The goal is to be the biggest, baddest, most influential group there is. Strategies can vary from pro disciplined squads of players with top tier gear, to over a hundred poorly armored players with shotguns made of cobbled scrap metal and elbow grease. Pick a side! Fight to the death! Kill a guy with a rock!"
,Recommended,252490,9783617,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Lg | Eatdatass,if you like getting hit in the head by rocks this is the game for you
,Recommended,252490,9380514,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Yuyam,"Always trust the naked people, ALWAYS."
,Recommended,252490,21385623,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,TheWhiteTigerZ,"[AMAZING GAME]Really Fun game has alot of content.. But a very toxic community, That means more 12 year old kids to kill i suppose ;)10/10 Game, I would highly Suggest Buying It!"
76561197966613799,Recommended,252490,16031882,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kalanty,this game is just awesome
,Recommended,252490,32049351,Posted: 29 May,all,Shank,"Mediocre Game Review by ShankQuick OverviewPros:Procedurally Generated MapUpdates to Game are Frequent (bi-weekly)Sounds are good (able to identify of what you are getting attacked by)Graphics are good (if able to run them)UI simple to useBase Building SystemPVP/Gathering system is goodModdableFixed animals clipping through rocksDevs support Community EntertainersFriends help improve experience.Cons:KOS (very rarely a person won’t kill you)Huge Clans ruling a serverFramerate can drop in certain areas of the worldOptimization is not the best (Devs. constantly improving)Servers tend to lag with more people on a serverControversial Update:Devblog 158is update that was introduced to Rust and gave the ability to players to build ‘twig’ structures and ladders on other players bases without having ‘building privilege’ giving them roof access/ or some form of access if not fully secured.In Depth OverviewIs this game fun?Sure, but it is very rage inducing (for many reasons) that will make you stop playing for a week or two. You just have to know that most of players in the game have been trained by many generations of players that KOS (Kill on Site) is the way to play, if you do find someone that is nice and will be friendly make sure you cherish this moment because it doesn't happen a lot and when it does it feels like the best moments ever experienced on Rust.Longevity?Endless, just like any survival game can be. It's like a good drug, you know you need to stop but too addicting to quit. You will spend many hours on this game and have many moments that you think will think it's 5 o'clock and it is actually midnight on school/work night. Time flies in this game when you always have something to be doing, and no matter how long you play you will have something to be doing.Should you buy?Well if you have a PC that can run and think is one of the games you should definitely own. This is a special type of survival game that you can only be experienced through Rust and will be a part of gaming history.Performance?The performance for Rust is not tripple A performance but isn’t the worst I have seen and a plus is that the Devs. have been improving the performance over the years. There are points that your FPS does dip and some servers will even crash your game. They game does take some time to load to the main menu and and loading servers also takes some time, but the wait is well worth the experience ahead. Also the better the PC rig the better of an experience you might have.Updates?The developers are frequently updating the game (bi-weekly) with some updates in between for tweak certain features. Like I also discussed earlier that the Devs. are tweaking the game to improve performance to make the game a better experience. They also test new features to change the way people build and protect their loot, (these kind of features tear the community and they don’t like this kind of changes), personally I enjoy having to re-think on how to build and change the mechanics of the game makes a fresh look at the game.What’s the game about?You start with nothing and have to gather resources on a procedurally generated map to build a base for you defend all the loot that you have gathered and protect yourself. Your character's body stays on the server when logged off so you have to keep yourself safe. Create weapons to kill other players and raid other players bases. Also, everyone is doing the same so you will be killed and raided yourself so make sure you know how to stay alive. You will die and have to restart at gathering and possible rebuilding a base, don’t get discouraged it happens to everyone. Early game is very difficult when players have reached end game and you just start. I would advise you to play on servers that have just wiped and are fresh, this makes it fair for most players on the server. Every experience is unique and nothing will seem the same.NOTE:There are also modded servers that have special settings for; Higher gather rate servers (allow you to get resources at a x multiplier to speed up the slow pace of vanilla Rust), RP (Role Playing), Battlefield Servers (everyone spawns with full gear and tries to get as many kills till they get bored). There is something is this game meant for you to make your experience a great one.Do I need friends to play?No, plenty of people play solo Rust and don’t like the hassle of having a friend to worry about constantly and use your resources (that you gathered) and just just waste them. When playing solo you have to have a different play style than you would with a group. With friends can make the experience a lot more entertaining with faster resource gather and being able to engage bigger groups of people. Again the experience and play style is different with a group than solo. So I would say the way you play or want to play depends entirely on you and if friends would help your experience.TL;DRRust to me is a must have an anyone’s game library. This is a very fun survival game that you will lose hours into playing especially if you have a solid group of friends that will pursue the grind. The developers have bi-weekly updates adding content to the game to try to spice up the experience. They also are improving performance on the game to make it a smooth experience. I personally think it is a game worth purchasing.Score80/100Side NoteThis game is ever changing being in ‘Early Access’ so this review may not be true to later versions of the game.If you found this review helpful, ‘Thumbs Up’ the review and also leave a ‘Comment’ if I should make any more reviews like this!"
,Recommended,252490,8927852,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Im off to europe,Found a party of naked peopleAsked them if i could joinThey started hitting me with rocks..10/10
,Recommended,252490,31124571,Posted: 13 April,all,Mempheus,Started from the bottom now I'm here (waiting to be raid)Started from the bottom now the whole forking zergs are here.¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198004203858,Recommended,252490,10225680,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hakuren,"I was hunting a deer with a rock, as you do, when I heard a voice.“We’re not going to kill you.”A shot cracked past my head and the deer slumped to the ground. I turned around to see two guys wearing kevlar and toting M4 rifles. Having recently spawned, my offensive options were a stone and some green trousers.“Take the deer. It’s yours.”I scurried over to the corpse like Gollum and began hacking it to pieces with my rock. So delighted, in fact, that I didn’t hear the footsteps as one of the pair walked up, took aim, and killed me with a headshot. I heard the laughs though. I clicked respawn, and started over. Welcome to Rust."
,Recommended,252490,9250645,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Scratch,"Fun till brehs get banned, and your left to fend for yourself against raging 11yr olds who buy their way into adminship and go up to an innocent bi stander such as myself who is armed with nothing more then a rock, and you're forced to spend the next 15min hacking away at their afk body because they went to eat a hearty meal of Lucky Charms (Which are amazing by the way) and then when you feel that you are finally going to feast upon their delicious inventory they plop back on and move their wrist with lightning fast presision and left click as fast as humanly possible till your nothing but a bloody sponge of nothing. Then when u finally respawn after seeing the words ""You died"" u waddle back up to the same kid and he continues to friggen shoot u in the face till you rage quit and join rapter jesus dragon lords and proceed to rade a house with your notyet banned brotheren. After we finally found a house worth rading we spent the next 3hrs (No joke) Hitting it with rocks, finally when we realized it wasent going to work, he decided to leave me for something that might actually benefit us in the process of destroying this undestroyable door. Waiting patiently for a few minutes i see his fat♥♥♥♥♥waddle up to me with some friggen c4, hes all ""Dunt worry, dis will wurk, i guts like 3 charges lul"" and splats them up against the door, couple seconds go by and ""Boom"" nothing happens, in an ill rage i proceed to leave the server and re think my life, this lasted for a mear 5seconds when i thought about what might be in the soon-to-be-raided chests. So after another hour of looking for stuff for a c4 and plops it on teh door and boom, the door finally flippin opens revealing to us, 7chests. 6/7 chests had rocks and the 7th chest had a p250, i then proceeded to throw my keyboard accorss the room in rage and decided that my life was over10/10 would play again"
76561198130060232,Recommended,252490,9715381,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Ernie Chunkton,"One of the funnest games I have ever played.This game has to be the best $19.99 I have invested in any game.Many, Many hours of fun!Very good Server - FAIR GAMING[4-3][No Priv. Accts][50+ Hours Req.][Recycler][Compass][Remover][Arena]Press (F1) for console and type - net.connect 142.4.216.124:28015"
,Recommended,252490,24514408,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Merlotmanick,"A constant rollercoaster of weeks when you're able to binge play it with friends, make a base, protect it, raid people, rinse and repeat; then some days when you're unable to play it at all because of major lag and poor optimization; these days don't happen often but they do happen. What also happens is consistent performance issues, no matter how good the P.C build or internet connection and ingame settings.The game is also in early access so servers do ""wipe"" and you lose progress, so inevitably the cool base you put your blood, sweat, trust and tears into get's destroyed eventually (if playing on a public server) which does make it a little scary to make an epic massive base and instead makes it so the best bases are infact made only a certain way.Having said that though, this game is in my opinion and many others the best early access title that is consistent with a great commited dev team that listens to it's community, speaking of which is like many other games, a fairly toxic community. But then again that is just the vocal majority, there are parts of the community that are the greatest bunch of people you'll ever meet in a game or even real life."
,Recommended,252490,13312486,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Merp,"Almost 2000 hours in and i felt i needed to write another review.Rust is a fabulous game.  It is a game that has captured my imagination, and never ceases to keep giving me new scenarios to explore, new goals to come up with, new things to do....its hard to say anything bad about this game, except the fact that it is so good, you'll risk becoming waaay addicted to it.I can play this game nonstop all weekend long, then want to call in sick on monday to play some more if my wife would let me.The Devs are in it to make the best sandbox gaming experience that can be found....im almost not convinced it will ever be out of 'alpha'  they are always doing updates and continually wowing me with great new additions.I spent $20 on this game about this time last year...back in the Legacy Days...Legacy was a great first start, and was fun at the time...but their new version is epic, and i highly recommend it!  Getting Rust now for $20 is a steal....i don't know if its going to be AAA priced $60 when it is officially released...but if it was, it would be totally worth it  still.    Get this game...it is amazing."
,Recommended,252490,9931004,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/Kryptrick,I love this game!
,Not Recommended,252490,8635041,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Deluxo,"was searching my mate for over an hour or so, starting exploring, gathering materials for our camp and so on. found a at first sigh friendly guy wielding a shotgun, he was nice and all and clearly showed he didnt attempt to kill us. but then i said a 'bad word' and killed me right on the spot. really go and play this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,252490,9555118,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jace csgobig.com,"This game creates a very unique experience that before playing this, I had never seen before. The realism, fear, and sense of accomplishment are mind blowing. It appeals to hardcore video game, and shooter fansI recommend this to anyone who wants a game they can sink hundreds of hours into.EDIT: So, it's been almost two years now since I originally wrote this review. The game has gotten much better in my opinion. Now that the game has been port to the new engine, it has reached a new level. The devs are exceptional, new updares come out weekly, to bi weekly. This game remains"
,Recommended,252490,9164766,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Shadow,"*Fell off cliff, Respawn...... Died of hunger.........Respawn, Got trapped in someones house..............Died of hunger and respawned...........found sleeping people and smashed them to death with my rock..............Got a hatchet and fell off another cliff............Got destroyed by a bear........then a wolf or some crap..............killed a pig with a rock and got 2 peices of chicken.............Got Hatchet'd to death..........Done playing10/10 would buy again"
76561198144446658,Recommended,252490,17242991,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,J-Mike,"Rust has become one of the greatest, if not THE greatest game (besides CS:GO, of course) to ever be released.  I have put in countless hours into this game, and I am nowhere near bored.  The devs keep this game up to date, and actually listen to the players and give them what they want (That's a first, huh?)  The only bad thing I can say is that it is sometimes extremely hard to start out as a solo player, and I myself play solo most of the time.  There are guides to help solo players, READ THEM.  Overall, 10/10, and I would never steer down to a lower rating on this game.  If you are thinking about buying it, DO IT.  If you weren't thinking about buying it and are reading this, BUY IT.  I can garuntee you will gave nothing but fun!"
,Recommended,252490,17841109,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Scoxicus Soxicus Floxicus,"This game is great, hackers ruin it for everyone.Best team building excercise I've ever seen in a video game. You know that feeling you get when everyone knows what to do in a resource run that quickly escalates into a firefight? Your sharpshooter is on point with the spot, your armored point is in cover and everyone makes it out alive +yield. Feels sooo good to get it right.Only thing that can ruin that experience is a hacker. When you do everything right, and you still get chased down by speed/aim/wall hacks, it ruins the experience. When those hackers aren't quickly, and effectively b& it can ruin an entire server.Great game. I highly recommend it for a hardcore solo experience, as well as the budding ""competitive"" squad play. I would definitely be careful when considering purchasing, though. Are you emotionally stable enough to have everything ripped away from your lifeless corpse by a smug, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥hacker? It can definitely happen, and it continues to. Until the servers are more secure from these embarrassments I have to give it sub-par reviews.----wanna eat fingers?wanna live off of the fingers of your enemies?go ahead, do it."
76561198012302141,Recommended,252490,9434590,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Hank Hill,"BWAAAAAYAHAYHHHHHH!!! Gawd damn! A bear killed me again! Dangit all I want is ta gahter some durn wood and build a propane store! Wait. Here comes another person. Maybe he will know where to find wood. ""Excuse me sir. May I ask yo..""BWAAAAAYAHAYHHHHHH!!! That ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shot me! I quit dammit! I quit. But ait, maybe a different server.....BWAAAAAYAHAYHHHHHH!!! DAMN BEARS!"
76561197967274641,Not Recommended,252490,28241329,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,danglyparts,Worst community in gaming period.
,Recommended,252490,17965773,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,BadBone,"Welcome To Game With No Society.if you have meet one guy just kill him and take everything from him.if you have meet more than one guy and has gun,just run,,run as fast as you can.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSca1_bgx0oOverall this game is good:+Good graphic quality for my old PC (Rata Kiri) ;)+more than 130 craftable item (update/devblog 76)+Still Developed :)One of the most addictive games I've played in a long time.10/10"
,Recommended,252490,9763262,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Slade the Unlucky,"Hackers, Drug Users, Pathological Liars, Prisoners, Murderers.Literally that is what I have met on my adventures in Rust.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0znNiN0lYAQ"
,Not Recommended,252490,24531953,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,louisclub,"Rust used to be fun. The devs killed it by making it a linear progression with a level system, instead of finding the blueprints on the map. Since 2014 the game was brutal and fun, unforgiving and you had to fight for anything you had. If you were good or lucky, you could progress fast. You had something to look for and be there was a rewarding feeling once you achieved it. Now out of nowhere this is being replaced with linear progression. No matter if youre a pro or a noob, everyone progress a roughly the same speed by literally doing anything beside being afk. It dulled the game.The devs have no idea where they are going and changed core aspect of the game, to something completely different that i would never have bought if id knew. They didnt ""add more content"". they removed a big component of the game in exchange for something boring but easier on newer players.The cheaters ? rust is rampant with cheaters. Facepunch admit they dont really know how to protect against hackers, so they gave the responsability to a third party EAC. Its not better, hackers can take up to 1 month before being banned, even if half the server are reporting them. Its just not working. It create an unhealthy atmosphere where everyone is paranoid and cant enjoy the game without accusing everyone of hacking. Because you have literally no way to know if someone is casually aimbotting and use ESP.Facepunch recently gave admin rights to all servers in the game, to a whiny youtuber who abuse his power. In rust if you play a week and then an admin come and mess your thing, destroy you with infinite power, or simply ban you, its frustrating. You would expect that they would try to be good but its the opposite. They give admin rights to youtuber to advertise the game, and those youtubers abuse admin powers to get an advantage over their enemy, on official servers. Ridiculous.I recommend to not buy until the game its released, otherwise its garanteed disappointment.EDIT feb2017: The XP system have eventually been removed, replaced by component system. I retract my original review, the game is fun again."
76561198125592344,Not Recommended,252490,24564764,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,-NeonSniperHellcase.com-,meh
,Not Recommended,252490,24513265,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Thomas Kub,"The XP system ruined the game, and a key element that seperated it from others. They basically took out BP farming, and added the Ark Survival system in the game. If you want a survival game with XP play Ark... [2]"
,Not Recommended,252490,24605254,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Derek,"Was fun, but not any more. Clan focused with no PvE threat. Gets boring very fast."
76561198132025075,Not Recommended,252490,24820746,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,[SGN] MickDumdee,"I used to enjoy Rust alot, i even hosted a server for Rust, then everything changed. Development team feel it is for the better and seem to think everyone likes what they have done. In my opinion this is not the case, the new xp and ownership system has destroyed the game, the fact that a basic survival game now has modernised weaponry ( no longer ""salvaged"" ) and is more clan orientated than ever really turns people off, if they seriously took a good look at the numbers no where near as many people play Rust as 1 year ago, the statistic they show is an overall statistic and includes players that dont even play the game any more. Im sorry but i can no longer give this game a positive review, i had high hopes for this and the team has gone in the total opposite direction then when they originially introduced the game."
76561198063188749,Recommended,252490,9734567,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Snedger,Did anal with a random player. 10/10.
76561198059124980,Not Recommended,252490,31607468,Posted: 7 May,all,DAVIPIE,Game ruined after the last patch. It is madness to be able to build in an area protected with the TC. Be able to use ladders would have been enough. I lost aney will to play this game.
,Not Recommended,252490,15837166,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,seasoss,"Early last year I got rust. Rust was a great game where you could craft nice looking things, kill people, build bases, do anything. They had an update where you could play the new rust or the legacy rust. Legacy rust was the game I described earlier. New rust is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game where every item looks like it was drawn with chalk, then made it all pixely, the physics is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the scenery is unrealistic and bad looking, the animals can run faster than you, so if you see a wolf and dont have a gun, then your screwed. This was all fine, seeing that you could just play legacy rust, but then the ♥♥♥♥ing developers removed legacy and made it so you could only play the NEW ♥♥♥♥ING RUST. This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that can't even run on my computer (pretty decent computer) at 10 fps when the old rust ran at 100 and CS:GO at 100-120! Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,252490,23942013,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ratatat Randy,"I've had lots of good times in Rust since legacy, but it's the same thing over again. It's only a survival game for the first hour or so, then it becomes a raid-race. Harvest, build, craft as fast as possible so you can be stronger than everyone else then raid or be raided. Rinse and repeat. Keep doing this for 2 weeks and the servers will wipe. Now, you can start all over!Pro's:- Alot of content. Albeit, many of the unlockables are stupid signs and canvases to paint on.- Graphics look good but I keep my graphics low so detail is lower and its easier to see people. Yeah, you can look like youre hiding in the beautiful grass on your screen, but not on mine and most other decent players.- They've clearly put a lot of work into itCon's:- You have to build 50,000 doors and walls to keep people from raiding you. There has never been a balance of defense vs raiding. Too often I spend hours upon hours of playing to get raided within minutes by someone who has an♥♥♥♥♥load of time to build C4.- This is not for individuals. You must play with an active group or people will just offline raid you or outgun you.- Too much crappy content. You spend lots of time getting blueprint fragments only to be rewarded crap.- Servers wipe every 2 weeks. If you start playing within those two weeks, all your effort will be wiped away when the wipe cycle comes around.- There are too many details that you have to learn the hard way and it never seems to stop. Close windows with something so people don't boost in, put multiple cupboards all around to keep people from exploiting the cupboard system, turn your walls around right so weak side isn't outside, etc. Always some BS to mind. As if it isn't bad enough I have to harvest like a mofo to build all those doors. Additionally, door and wall HP don't match. You have a wood wall that's 250 HP but wood door is 125 HP. You have a metal door that's 250 HP and stone walls that are 500 HP. OH! But you have an armored door thats 800 HP and metal walls that are 750 HP. And then there's armored walls at 1000 HP. Why would I want armored walls when my door is only 800? Why would I have a stone base if my  door is only 250 or 750? If it's 250, they'll blow through the door, if its 750, they'll blow through the wall. Like I said, you have to build a giant base or people will just blow through your walls with C4 or the god-damned rockets.- Don't worry guys, if you save your blueprint fragments you may get a gun! Yeah, I get a crappy laser sight and the other guy gets an AK. How am I suppose to kill him with a laser site?The devs have done a lot to make the game good but then some stuff I still scratch my head about and wonder, ""WTF are they thinking?"". Eventually, you'll get raided through some BS tactic even though you put hours on end to build a defenseable base. In most cases, you will not get to defend it at all and all your work will be for nought."
,Not Recommended,252490,12874200,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Invokerism D2,"Tried ''Legacy'' and it sucks! The worst game ever, you run around with an (Axe,Torch & Food), but in the end, trying to build a base is CLOSE TO NEVER! Whenever I am building bases, I get killed by some naked guy with a P250 and I can't locate where my base was, and I have to rebuild my base. Some guy took a C4 and blasted my hard earned loot and time spent in building a base I succesfully did.Joining the servers with low ping is fine for me but the players in the server are hackers, flying, aimbot, wallhack and spawning stuff to lag the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ server with 16ping.Worst of all is that the admins in the server keeps asking for donations.Setting donations and hackers are players who just kill you, destorying your sleeping bag/bed and starts to loot items from the backpack and storage in my base.Especially players in group coming as one and blasting bases using C4s and grenades.This applies to all Servers, mine was ''Tenos(7/11)''.If you do not like to get killed and waste your time and money, this game is not for you!"
,Recommended,252490,20238813,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,iLikePie™,"Lots of fun with new content in every update.  The best online survival game (even better than ARK).However, I'd only recommend if you'll be playing with friends; t just isn't fun fun as a solo player.10/10, would run around naked and smash people with rock again."
,Recommended,252490,8227443,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Timmac,"Let me start out by saying, this game is right now in Alpha.  That means gameplay is subject to change and anything you might see in the game now could be gone in a few weeks.I came into this game not knowing anything about it, just a buddy that told me to try it out.  I did, and I'm having a blast.I was trying to write the Pro's and Con's to the game, but when I think about it, every part of the game can be thrown in both.The community, which can be an absolute nightmare, is very rewarding once you find people you trust.  Now keep in mind, I've already had this community coming into the game.  I can imagine it is even more rewarding if you find people you can actually trust.  The people in this game write the story for you.  This is what people complain about, but define your gameplay experience.  You are surviving, and the people are your number one threat.  Keep your distance if alone, and get a damn place to put your stuff ASAP.  I would suggest learning the game on a low population server.  Don't expect a good time jumping into a server with 100+ people.  You will die a lot, and frequently.Building: great for making a base you can defend, but a nightmare for getting a lot of people into it.  If you want your base to be secure, you're going to need to need a LOT of material.  You're going to need a lot of metal doors.  If you build your place out of wood, you will need to make sure any wooden walls are not exposed to important places inside your base.  A couple explosive charges and someone will be in your base and looting everything you worked hard to get.  Our base has multiple levels with doors at the top of stairs. You can't blow through ceilings, so at the top of the stairs we have 3 or 4 metal doors (if the stairs are on the outer wall you don't need to protect one side.)  All of the important stuff you want to keep is at the top.Building explosive charges is expensive and time consuming, so the more layers of protection will make it that much harder to breach.  Only the person who puts the door down can use it.  This is annoying.  We've had to make multiple layer paths into the base in order to accommodate for each new player from our community who wants to join up.  Then only a few people can actually get to the top levels without needing help getting access (opening those doors).  I hear they are adding access codes which will allow multiple people to use these doors.  This will make fortifying much better and until then this part of the game is a hassle.Resource gathering, go with people.  Go armed but only bring things you don't care about losing.  It might even help making a small base to retreat to or a place to dump your stuff down in intervals.Know your surroundings.  If you know there is a clan that has a huge base and is very active.  I wouldn't go knocking on their door to see whats up.  They probably already know you're there and will kill anyone coming up to their place.  This is what our group does, and we guard the resources near our base.  We communicate a lot and we guard our territory very heavily.  Don't expect to take over a territory alone.  You'll need to scout and use your in game voice to discover things to help you out from other players.   If an airdrop is near you, expect a firefight.  They have explosives that you can't learn on your own or from blueprint drops.  You need a research kit and loot/learn one of these explosives to learn how to make the charges entirely.We are the end game.  Our group has managed to make a name for ourselves, and the entire server knows who we are and where we're located.  While it kind of sucks hitting the ceiling and having pretty much everything we can get.  The only option is to raid bases and take other's stuff while defending/fortifying your own.The game promotes aggression to the core so expect an aggressive community.TL;DR - Stay with friends, make friends, build a strong base.  Learn everything.  Be smart.  Stay safe.  Be prepared for anything. Expect madness.  You will die... a lot."
,Recommended,252490,8197117,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,raWii,Being a naked guy with rock is just amazing. 5/5
,Recommended,252490,8482619,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Stephen,"This game is a great amount of fun, but only if you accept the fact this game is in Alpha stage. There are plenty of servers to choose from, pvp or non-pvp. No matter what game you play online, you will find the bad apples that ruin it for the rest. But there is plenty of good people out there as well to play with or against."
,Recommended,252490,14426353,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Aggie🎃よしこ | PJ86,iT HAS NAkeD MEn BUY thIS GaME nooWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,252490,8663634,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ebeNstein,new vrsion is k
,Recommended,252490,9918978,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ΞV0LVΞ,"really good game,really puts the aspects of survival in the game although loot is very high loosing it all really impacts the player,i find this okayish bit unfair if its taken you 3 days and someone takes it from you in a single shot,on the whole its a good alpha but still needs alot of work to get it to a high standard7/10"
,Recommended,252490,9626739,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,☠ DARK910 ☠,لعبة حلوه إذ معك أحد وأفضل يكون سيرفر كثير مب فاضي
76561198077727265,Recommended,252490,14588656,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CosmoGamer,"The only things I dislike about this game is that I have to be a man, & that it is online only. Other than that, this game is great! I love gathering resources to stay alive, to make clothes, & to build. I'm not crazy about starting the game totally naked either lol. I can only imagine what naked women would look like in the game!! I like starting out with nothing, then  building up your resources, building your own home. It's really a lot of fun, but some small changes could make it even better!"
,Not Recommended,252490,22296500,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SATAN,game ♥♥♥♥in sucks♥♥♥♥♥ dont waste money. all u do is get trolled and get raided instantly. games no fun at all. no survival at all just kos. To many toxic players. is there anyway i can get my money back?
,Not Recommended,252490,24798621,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Serious_Hog,"fist of all, theres a reason why I remeber legacy Rust so fondly is because no matter when you joined the server you could get the same loot as the guy whos been on for days, it made things even. You could be apart of a clan and get loot quicker but thats really the only thing you would acheive. When you made things even and only gave clans a number and loot/ reasorce gathering bonus, the real factor that plaied into the game was your skill level. Now I used to love this game and I would have recomended it earlier but for a casual player like me rust has forced me into just a few opportunities. I can either farm for a clan or I can build as good of a base as I can to only be bulldozed by a clan who has end game loot where as I'm left to defend with a crossbow. I dont find near the same enjoyment from rust as I used to any more because all I get are these clans who can ignore the survival aspect of rust just based off their sheer numbers. The equality given to us by rad towns and the old loot system have been replaced by this awkward and easily exploitable system we know as the XP system. Unless I decide to devote all my free time to rust theres no way I can even compare to the levels that are essentially given to clans. So no, I can't recommend this game because the developers, as active and responcive as they are, have seemed to shut down the casual and solo experiance."
76561198294653592,Not Recommended,252490,24490052,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,memoryost,xp patch ruined the game.don't buy.you are better off playing Maplestory.
76561198160695575,Recommended,252490,33498150,Posted: 13 July,all,Romp-A-Stomp,"Starting with just a rock and a torch, i made many memories.I was chased through a river by a jehovah's witness, sat round a campfire till morning with a fellow nudist, beat a man to death in his sleep, made spooky warning signs outside my house, got shot at and fatally wounded twice (but lived another day) and died to a pig while i was preoccupied.This game is magnificent, 8/10."
,Recommended,252490,8728232,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,RedCobra1246,"The most interesting survival game on Steam. If you pick the right server, it's not just a KoS game (like some other game  *cough*), but you can make many friends, build bases with them and attack other groups.The big differences between this and DayZ is that you can build your own house/base, which makes sense instead of running around the map without a shelter, and the crafting, so you can build your own weapons, ammo, explosives, or other supplies.The game has a big map, but most of it is not used yet. It has a lot of potential, but it's still in alpha, and the developers are adding cool content every few weeks.  However, it is already worth $20.One of the best thing is that you can pick a server according to your preferences (sleepers, PvP, friendly, modded server, etc.), which will change your game experience. Pick one with good admins, some will cheat.The day/night cycle makes the game even more fun. Another thing you'll love is: if you die, you loose only the stuff you brought with you. If you left some stuff at your base, you can get it and go back fighting!I definitely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,252490,22368870,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Satoverlord,"If you are an asian, aviod this game. Devs had failed to contain racist and discrimination based on nationalities.Offensive languages as well as sexism is NOT faced with consequences.Bigger clans will always bully smaller ones due to the mechanism of the game. So unless u hv a friend list with more than 40 names playing this game, prepared to see your creation and hardwork getting demolished to dust again and again."
,Recommended,252490,9094718,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,WhiteGirl,Rust.. is my bb.
,Recommended,252490,12466620,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,objestik,"My first day at Rust:>Chopped some wood with a ""Rock"".>Got some stones.>Bluit a wooden shelter.>Get inside and hide from the ""Naked"" people.Night arrives...While I was waiting the sun to rise>Two Russians guys trying to break into my shelter.>I hear their vocies on the mic.>I painc.>They break the wooden door.>They♥♥♥♥♥♥me.>then put a bullet in my head."
,Recommended,252490,13074261,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Lowkie,I found a man in full kevlarHe made me his personal slave and feed me nothing but beans until he killed me over a blood bag10/10
,Not Recommended,252490,12961480,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VictimZ,"Disappointed. The new ""experimental"" verison is just broken and incomplete.  Worse, it's the one you are directed too by default and encouraged to rum. Also there is a big performance differnce on my computer between the legacy verison and the ""Experimental"" version. I imagine if the dev catches this up and  optimizes it, it will be great.For now, I think I wasted my money. It might not be that way in 6 months.As with anything Early Access -- Caveat emptor"
,Not Recommended,252490,23881947,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lathell,"The game is a good game by all means. its the player base that makes this game an extra large pile of crap. cant play for more than five minutes without either another naked person comming arround and slamming your head in with a rock or a group of dudes in weird trash looking armor destroying the little hut you started. and no easy way to play by yourself to at least get the basics of the game. No you have to fly in face first into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-land and good luck. Good game, Bad Players..."
,Not Recommended,252490,8552141,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Squidward,"This game, is pretty decently made, like some other reviewers said though, the community is just complete utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ I met someone who was/is really nice to me, let me into his base, let me live there, are those kind of good stuff, he trusted me. So don't think everyone of this community is a bandit/raider. We worked a week, day in day out on the base, collecting resources and such, Great fun. But after that week of having 3 M4's (OP weapons), aimbotters with duped C4 (Explosives to break walls) broke our base, didnt take any of the stuff, had the best gear in the game. They didnt blow up 1, 2 or 3 walls. NO. All the walls were broken of our base were we worked hard on. And the chat just supports them. The community is like... we dont wanna be a victim of them ruining our base, so lets support them. And thats so corrupt about this community. I don't recommend this game until it has a better anti-cheat system, or goes into Beta."
,Not Recommended,252490,8654795,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Beaulofmeister csgobounty.com,"After spending a long while just trying to connect to a server, i was killed, plundered, and spawncamped for a bit by a group of Asian kids. It is however, probly the game with the most potential i've ever played."
,Recommended,252490,14095128,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Skitcher,"Gary is one hard working mofo! He hit rock bottom with the experimental, but now Rust is back better than ever!"
,Recommended,252490,8307834,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Judge,Dank game buy it :^)
76561198107911809,Recommended,252490,10368033,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Bionic Wolf,"Where do I start? Rust is probably the most fun out of a survival game. SADLY I didn't get the game when zombies were in it, I was dissapointed but then the team behinde 'Rust' bought out the ''Reds'' (Red Mutated Animals) It makes the game feel a bit more real compared to 'Zombies'. Back to the Game, I've found the game has become less laggier over the time, which is good. I was upset when I saw that there was no SP (Single Player), but I guess they make it up with easy servers to access at any time. The Game was a good buy. I think they could introduce things such as ; Farming, More hunting & Gathering, bigger and better shelters (So our houses don't all look the same). In the end I enjoy playing 'Rust' it was fun and I made some new friends."
76561197997357940,Not Recommended,252490,22397313,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Doom Flavored,"the most revent gender asignment debacle really shows that the designers do not really care about whatthe players think or want, they has some really negative views on players concerns about the character models and what ther game forces you to look like,at this point i am starting to wonder how the game got  82% positive reviews..."
,Not Recommended,252490,12286366,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nox,"This game is probably one of the most addicting games I have played by far, but the game is just no where near finished quite yet and it seems that the developers have slowed down on the making progress.The game is fun and I am a big fan but the main thing which is ruining the game is the *hackers*.It is getting very hard to join a server which doesn't have hackers roaming around and destroying people's fun and quite often I find myself questioning why I even play the game knowing that my progress will just be destroyed by a filthy hacker?It's a good game and I would recommend it to everyone but the hackers need to be fixed."
76561198001831490,Not Recommended,252490,16678375,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rumfish,"This game is garbage. Optimization is terrible. Mechanics are clunky. Rendering is buggy as hell. Saw my first hacker within 5 minutes of joining my first official ""VAC-Secured"" server.  He was still there flying around today, nearly a week later. Rust is still in a very unfinished state.  Player base is as expected I guess. I dunno what else to say.  I have 120 some-odd games in my steam library and I dont think I have written a single negative review.This game is so unbelievably awful. I traded some redundant keys with friends and this is one of the games I ended up with otherwise I would be testing out steam's return policy right now. I'll check back in if they ever finish this game but if you are reading this don't do it.Just dont. Just exit steam now, stand up, turn around, and walk away.xoxoShiz"
76561198054352789,Not Recommended,252490,31548707,Posted: 4 May,all,Eden,"You can now build twig onto bases. So basically a ladder hatch wont save you. A toolcupboard is now pointless. Well done, youve ♥♥♥♥ed the game. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, Gary."
,Not Recommended,252490,12486664,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Malaria Coons,"Gamebreaking stuttering, my PC exceeds the Recommended specs, Ive tried talking to the support staff, but they refuse to answer, forget this."
,Not Recommended,252490,15328880,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,4,i bought this full price for both me and another person and i ♥♥♥♥ing hate myself
76561198052845100,Recommended,252490,9198528,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,SpecOpJesus,So many♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..... so little time
,Recommended,252490,33139623,Posted: 2 July,all,http://arizona_hotline,Good stuff
,Not Recommended,252490,15819439,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Chris,"Griefing too much. I'm trying to building something and out of blue griefers come and shoot me at random times. Do not buy this game. If you are looking for a game like this, get Minecraft."
,Not Recommended,252490,15833794,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Nyx,"Not sure why Old Rust was removed, but if that's a permanent thing I'm very dissatisfied and want my money back as 7FPS on new Rust is un-playable while 40FPS on Legacy was crisp."
76561197961326169,Not Recommended,252490,14170536,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mostly Harmless,"""Early Access"" and ""Beta Games"" have ruined the development process. When I first bought this game I thought, ""Oh hey... a survival sand box with zombies. Awesome!"".They removed the zombies.It's really a survival sand box... and when I say sand box, I mean it's filled with children who want to kick over your sand castle you just built, because nobody likes them in real life and they need to take their aggression out. Every time the devs 'fix' something, 10 things break. Servers constantly wipe and game play has gotten to the point to where you can't play... at all.There is no reason why you should waste any money on this game.I would like to extend my gratitude towards FacePunch studios for one thing, though. I would like to thank them for opening my eyes into the 'beta' world. Whoever thought of the concept of opening beta games up to public use and 'gather real players opinions' on game play should be shot in the face.Facepunch Studios: Fininsh your ****ing game, and stop listening to the public."
76561198044799626,Recommended,252490,14997021,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TheSquid22,You're bad at your jobs on steam
76561198045292906,Not Recommended,252490,11129764,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,GosuDesu,"Although the game is in early access, the game itself provides a very limited amount of repetitive and awkward gameplay. You spend a good portion of your time building up a nice base and you log off. As you log back on, some naked prick is hacking away at your head with a hatchet and he ransacks the hours of effort you put into it. The community is absolutely awful and 7/10 individuals that I meet are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The weapons are absolutely god awful except the shotgun, which is terribly hard to come by, resource foraging is completely stupid and dull. The AI enemies that the game has are a complete joke.If you're going to make a survival game such as this, perhaps you don't rob people of their money by selling an incomplete, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and wait until the game is actually decent?This game has by far been the WORST game that I've invested in. I've been scammed of both my money and my time."
,Recommended,252490,10113979,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Sakura,"This game is quite possibly one of the best survival/MMO Games steam has seen, i own a copy of it myself, and i must say, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,252490,17042747,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AIMWARE.net ♛,"You'll play this game for an hour or two, then that hour or two turns into 8 hours plus.. then you spend all night staying up defending your base.. fml"
,Not Recommended,252490,22481089,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Kinharia,"I've rated this negative as a 3/10, my reasoning is below -The gameplay in this is actually quite fun, the building mechanics are enjoyable and the gathering is good. Initially starting out naked with just a rock and a torch you are in quite a vulnerable state. So you gather wood and stone to build a hatchet and a pick. You then start building more and more until finally you are reasonable comfort. Or so you thought! Bears and Wolves are gonna eat you, but if you kill them then the reward is sweet. The idea of having neighbours who you are weary of but you are willing to chat and maybe help out sounds fun.Then reality hits you. This games community is hell, they will kill on sight and even if you are naked and shout ""Friendly"" they will still waste ammunition on you (which can be expensive) because they can. Your character will always remain online and thus you at the mercy of people who will break down your base easily and kill you in your sleep. No one wants to help anyone and assume automatically you are going to kill them so they kill you, even if you have your back to them.Now as I said, this is a good game. But eventually getting people who have basically reached the end game killing fresh spawns over and over gets tiring.7.5/10 Gameplay1/10 on Community (9/10 times they'll kill you)3/10 overall score.Please bring friends along, you can achieve more in groups of 5+ than anything less. Other than that you won't find this game enjoyable."
76561198197498654,Not Recommended,252490,32710950,Posted: 23 June,all,guyman575,"Wow.... Wow.... Wow> Reads reviews talking about how toxic the community is and bad the game is> doesn't buy the game> game is half off why not> buys game> spawn> naked bald woman?> no way to change gender or hair> whatever I'll deal with it> walk around, see another bald naked woman> she kills me with a rock while I stand there and let her> close game in rage then re open it to give it a second try> loading...> You've been skilled by a bear: time alive 12 seconds> I died before I finished loading???> spawn> bear attacks me,> run> run> see naked man inside a structure> seems safe, run to him almost dead> crawling up to his doorstep> throws a rock at me, I die> spawn> naked man hits me with rock until im unconcious> tbags me> buts his big black dong in my face> literally does this for like a minute> hits me with rock to kill me> spawn> actually make i off the beach> see some signs and some buildings> ""We are friendly if you are""> thats nice> ""Take anything in the box""> ""Free water over here :)""> wow finally nice people> walk in> trap spikes jut from the floor killing me almost immediately> close game> request refundI SERIOUSLY WAS UNABLE TO BE ALIVE FOR MORE THAN 30 SECONDS ONE TIME I DIED BEFORE LOADING FINISHEDThis might be the worst game I have ever played... I have less than a half hour and a man put his dong in his mouth and I was killed by booby traps."
,Recommended,252490,8889027,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,RWDS Moop,Great game if you love naked men (censor.nudity false)
76561198170315987,Not Recommended,252490,15844508,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,logank504,the old version was great but the new verson is to  lagey
76561198114020960,Recommended,252490,26332487,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,AhMuzenCab,"Hey guys, I've got 2 more copies of the game, so if anybody wants them please add me as a friend, the first 2 will get them. :)"
,Recommended,252490,9003413,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Chicken Joe,"Really fun game. It's kinda like DayZ in the sense that you never know what you'll come across, who you'll meet, etc. The crafting system can be complicated at first, but it's really simple. The survival aspect is also pretty good. Meeting people can be really humorous at times, theres lots of good videos on YouTube if you want some examples.All in all, as it is, I'd say Rust is a pretty fun game."
,Not Recommended,252490,29363855,Posted: 19 January,all,SwollenSponge,"Rust the game where you will have to spawn 50 times after getting instantly killed by beach campers. you will spawn and survive about 5 minutes before you either get killed by a fully armoured guy and all you have is a rock. if you manage to survive more than 5 minutes you will build a small base in which you will either die trying to create or will die because a fully armoured guy wanted the 1000 wood that you had or he just killed you because the community on this game is cancer. another thing you will find the longest period of time a server will last before you lose everything is two weeks, two weeks of building to lose it all and start again. at this current time i cannot reccommend this game purely due to the fact that the community does not want to help and you will never learn how to play the only thing you will learn to do i respawn then wake up because someone with an ak has killed you for your spear, unless facepunch finds away to stop the community on this game from being the cancer it is. it will die"
76561197964722204,Not Recommended,252490,13050882,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,meow kumf,"i cud have bought 3 pizzas and an order of cinestix, at least then i wuda felt good about throwin my money down the toilet"
,Recommended,252490,8771335,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,-AWAY AT BOOTCAMP-,I killed a naked man with a rock.
76561198067759193,Not Recommended,252490,19099575,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,brand nubian,Rust used to be a fun game.USED TO BE
,Not Recommended,252490,17740572,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Rather be dead,"This is the first game I've ever refunded on steam. I tried to like it, I really did. Sadly it's not the game itself, but the playerbase that ruins things. Remember all the worst parts of DayZ? Imagine if when you logged off those could still happen, you have Rust. Imagine if you finally built a wood house but all the other players had metal houses and then someone comes by and destroys half your house for fun, you have Rust. The game is basically a sadism simulator for people who enjoy doling out pain.If you like having fun, I'd avoid it.Edit: I would like to add, I don't have any problems with any of the game's mechanics. I think the game itself is great, it's the players that ruin the experience."
,Recommended,252490,21178337,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RESPECT WOMEN 2027,"*During Legacy times*>Spawned near rad town>Met a frenchie friend>Worked together, found a P250 with only 1 mag>Saw a guy with full leather come by>Chat>Once the guy starts to leave he gets shot in the head by us>Stole all his loot, ran away and hid at the corner of the map>Met another guy, this time with cloth armour>Shot him too>Now the neighbourhood gets angry>Camped by a discrete place, The airdrop starts to drop near our location>You know what happens next.420/10 Would recommendedit: text so i can get the badge"
,Not Recommended,252490,12634050,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Brinmaw,Do not waste your money on this game. It has way too many glitches and becomes pointless quickly.
76561198095867040,Not Recommended,252490,21696801,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,joshua.caleb.wagner,"Has the potential to be cool, but a$$holes just turn it into another first person shooter. You will spend a ton of time building, and it will be taken from you....every time. It's really Glitchy, missing a lot of key features. NOT ready for prime time. Disappointing to say the least."
,Not Recommended,252490,29382015,Posted: 20 January,all,Shikaka!,Buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Cancerous community. Game has been crashing my display driver and dropping frames for months now. Finally got to a point where it crashes on startup. Don't have these issues with any other games including graphically intense ones. I've never seen a more poorly optimized game. Helk is also in charge now instead of Garry and  this is slowly becoming Call of Duty. Game will die in a year I'm sure. Don't waste your $20
,Not Recommended,252490,17607697,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Supreme Haxlord  Pontiff Vaapad,"Horrible game, hackers abound everywhere, you build a base, expect an esp hacker to find your loot room first try.  Want to try and fight?  Expect to run into aimbotters.  Think you got away, think again.  You will be chased by speed hackers and super jumpers.  Placed code locks on your doors?  They will use a program to find your code.  Think a mod will help?  Think again, for some reason the devs refuse to place actual moderators onto the servers, all you have to rely on is EAC and VAC, and don't think that those programs will catch 1/5 of those hackers.  Half the updates they release will only add in new ways for these ppl to hack.   Think that once you see some get that VAC or EAC ban that the problem is solved?  Nope, they will just buy another key for $3.  Basically you will run into hackers everywhere, most of the larger clans will have 1 or 2 hackers at their disposal."
,Recommended,252490,18822629,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CIGS INSIDE,bashed in the heads of 4 naked men with a rock while playing john cena in the backround 10/10
,Recommended,252490,16248521,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MrRapolas,"I like it :) but take breaks when You play it. Or don't play moded server, makes it to fast and You will be borred!"
,Recommended,252490,17366518,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,nightgoddess.m24,BEST GAME IN CENTURY
,Recommended,252490,8827469,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Uncle Niggy,"If you enjoy being assualted by naked males with rock hard ""rocks"" then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,252490,31545075,Posted: 4 May,all,Echo - csgoroll.com society.gg,"Rust. The No. 1 Sandbox-Survival-Shooter-Multiplayer game that is out there right now.The developers of Rust are constantly pushing out new updates, fixes and events to suit the requests and needs of the rapidly-growing, creative player base. Recently, these have included nerfs, the release of the Vending Machine, the release of the Muzzle Break and the Rust Olympics (3rd Instalment).I really like the open-world, rustic survival feeling that Rust is emitting, even when you come about the occasional ground of rowdy bandits or clan members looking to ruin your day. The weapons and their skins are very accurate to the general theme of the game, and even the terrain and buildings are very dishevelled-looking, adding to the game.I also liked how well-engineered communication was in the game. Push-To-Talk transmits your voice clearly and without interruption to surrounding players, whilst the Chat function represents simple text communication to the whole server. There are certain servers that are 'Modded', meaning that they take the initial rules of Rust (stack limits, travel speed, crafting speed) and change them, thus resulting in many different game modes.Game modes that I really enjoyed were Hunger Games, Rust King of the Hill, Hide and Seek and Deathmatch. These can be found either on official Facepunch servers or on public community servers.Out of 10, I would rate this game 9/10. This is because whilst I feel that every important aspect of gameplay and community is covered, the game should and could be optimised a little more in order to suit every players' PC needs (Note that I have a perfectly functioning PC and that I am including that for people I have played with)."
76561198060466485,Recommended,252490,8292150,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jullian[Boring],"This game is great, i believe this game should have more options for performance but other wise it is going in the right dirrection. Good Job Garry."
,Recommended,252490,9842224,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Ethan Green,"To write a review for such a game like Rust takes ages, just figuring where to begin puzzels me but i worked it out in the end =3Rust is a Survival FPS set in a world of pure chaos, there is no backstory for this game and im sure there never will be but with a game like this there doesn't need to be just playing with freinds for a few hours you can see why.you will start this game and not have a clue where you are and that is to be expected but as you progress into the game you can see how great it actualy is. From if you end up starting up a rebel clan to abolish a facist bandit clan on a server that a 50k youtuber plays on or building a skybase 300 stairs high to protect you and your freinds from raiders and enemies rust offers all this and more.My favoirite game before playing Rust was Minecraft and i must of put in a good 2000 hours into that game but only after 12 hours of playing Rust and i knew it was my new favoroite game and it is only in alpha stages!Rust at the moment can provide endless fun for months on end, with all of your freinds and is still being built on, it has the potential to be so much more than it already is...worth £15.00 for a try?F**k yeah!best £15.00 i ever spent! Have made freinds for life in this game and have learnt many valubale life lessons too.10/10    MUST BUY!"
76561198073416414,Recommended,252490,9539653,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,CardiganCrunch,"You can run around naked swinging your chode in peoples faces whilst they shoot at you to take your rock, its aight."
,Recommended,252490,9206190,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,lewyk13,"After logging in 250+ hours in this game I feel that I can give a decent review of this game..First thing you need to understand, and it is obvious, is that this is an early realease game, Alpha stage.  There are a lot of ""quirks"" in the mechanics and gameplay but overall it is fairly polished.If you enjoy hardcore, in your face, paranoia PVP, this is the game for you.  The PVP is insane, which is not always a good thing.  The problem as with any open world PVP game is that the KOS (Kill On Site) mentality runs rampid....  Don't bother joining a server with more than 15 people on it unless you expect to get killed while neked and holding a rock.To be successful on larger populated servers you HAVE to join up with other people, Lone Wolf does not work.  It could I guess, with A LOT of patience an slow play, but to me it isn't worth it to play that slow. But there is good news for people that want to play solo, or in a friendly environment...  There are a few player created PVE servers out there (My two favorite are Slipy's World and Lewy K's PVE Land).  PVP is turned off on these servers, and the higher damage C-4 items are either nerfed or removed....  You just have to look around for a server you like, it took me a couple of dozen servers before I found one I liked, then I created my own  (64.20.17.130:28045).The gameplay itself is pretty simple, and after an hour or so you get the basic ideas.   Kill animals for food and materials, gather wood and stone, and start building your fortress.  The controls are pretty good, context menus are available for most things, and the flow is simple to understand.For $20, this is the best money I have spent in a long time on a game and I look forward to what Facepunch has in store for the future....   As a note, avoid the Rust subforum on the FP site....  Trolls run amuck, and the environment is very hostile to suggestions and change.  This is not a reflection of the game, or its developers, just a bunch of kids with too much time on there hands. ;) ;)"
,Not Recommended,252490,8989390,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ellen Page,Until things are added or fixed don't buy
,Recommended,252490,9087432,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BrIF,"This game is very, very good as long as you have friends to play it with. Note: never trust anyone. People are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you never know; you could be giving bandages to a noob one second then a minute later he pulls out a shotgun and steals everything you have. The game has not got much content cutrrently, but I love watching it expand and seeing and testing new feratures out if fantastic. Support the developer: BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,252490,9144194,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ТВЖ,"A naked man is walking through a forest, illuminated only by the pale moonlight. He’s trudging towards the flickering warmth of a campfire, surrounded by a handful of wooden huts. His demise from malnutrition or hypothermia is only minutes away.Or so he thinks. The owner of the huts isn’t exactly charitable. When the naked man begs for food, he’s ushered into a shed at gunpoint, and locked inside. The dying man screams, demanding to be let out. The jailor ignores the cries. The dying man continues. Fed up, the jailor opens the door and executes his naked hostage.“You were shot in the head by a 9mm” the game tells me. I respawn in another inhospitable location with no food and no clothes on my back.This is the nature of Rust. Everyone is probably your enemy. All that matters is staying alive just another few hours, and you’ll probably have to dabble in a little murder to achieve that. And build some forts. Building forts is pretty vital, too."
,Recommended,252490,8072786,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,clayo,"A very polished alpha. So much fun can be had as long as you play with friends. The nudity is halarious, nude men running around with m4's out in the woods; never gets old. The community is a bit horrible though, as it's infested with kosing jerks."
,Recommended,252490,11434930,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Lenny the Mighty,The strange thing is that they still got an old trailer on the store page.And I know why!Legacy[Alpha] version is way too better then the recent one.Another strange thing is that everyone admits it.
,Recommended,252490,9616852,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,NÖT,"Best investment ever! I never thought I'd be so satisfied with buying this game, but damn, I'm happy i bought it."
,Recommended,252490,17793479,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DaNnYesss,"-Entered a server-Spawned-Naked russians killed me with rocks-Respawned-Killed by a player with a bow-Respawned-Almost built my house-A player came and killed me with his M4-Respawned-Died again, an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ killed me with his shotgun and while i was down he mocked me10/10 I respawned again and the story continued"
,Recommended,252490,10699770,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wildcard,"This is the most incredible game I have ever played. That said, it is full of the most horrible people I have ever encountered. Epic, but not for the weak."
,Recommended,252490,14276079,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dank Vinci,"Players in this game are really ♥♥♥♥ing agressive and I don't like games where the community is nothing but a nuisance,but the game ""game"" is really good. Community: no; game: yes"
,Recommended,252490,18881507,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,classik.,"This is a ROOKIE-REVIEW for RUST!  *i meant a good review for the normal gamers*If you are in this list,you really need to try RUST:1. You like getting rekt by 12 yr old russians ?2. You enjoy farming A LOT ?3. You like to see your hard work put in a base burnt in ashes by some raiders ?4. You like making new friends ?5. You enjoy team-work ?6. You like to create buildings ?7. You like BATTLE-ROYALE ?8. You REALLY enjoy playing PVP ?9. You have some friends that you can play with ?10. You enjoy watching ppl suffering ?Now let's see the features :- Weekly updates- No daily forced wipes- Extra LARGE fan-base- Friendly community- Addictive- Great graphics& more..Tell me just 1 reason to not try this game ;)10/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,24547571,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BamBam6789,I loved rust before the xp system. I dont have 10 hours a day to play rust non stop just to be able to ♥♥♥♥ing have a chance. They ♥♥♥♥ed over the bp system cause when they add horses the bp system will not be updated. Do not waste your money.  I do not enjoy this game anymore.
,Not Recommended,252490,29587261,Posted: 30 January,all,Punky Raggae Party,"I had a positive review of this game but until they fix the bug with servers not loading and much more STUPID FRUSTRATING BUGS EVERY DAY like fps drops on 80% servers, ninja bears and crashing of the game every now and then It's ♥♥♥♥ing dislike for me... i must restart the game 5 times and the whole steam also a few times to see the servers.. fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game don't just add trash we don't need and which ♥♥♥♥ up the fps every time you update"
76561198130295808,Recommended,252490,18159614,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,KRONOS,"Rust is a very good game. Hands down it is a community full of crazy people that love to troll,PvP, and it really brings a side out of people that you dont see in any other game. The rust community is one of its own."
,Recommended,252490,10072955,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,jaska,"Russian kids are making a army against other people with 10+ people in it, while your little house has max 3 people living in it. Great russian survival simulator!PS. 90% of the servers are russian, and the rest are russian servers in a disguise.No offence to russians, but they are a majority in this game."
,Recommended,252490,9385468,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SNS,"Well as I’m sure most of you have read, do not buy this game if you do not like PVP or you are not very patient.As for the game itself it is rather basic atm. Loot spawns in predefined areas. The map is rather small (smaller then dayz easily). There is a lot of grinding to get later tier items or to build large bases unless you raid a lot. Most of the guns can be hard to handle (That is why i prefer the pistols and bolt action). My advice to new players is to find a server that has a low pop, the closer to zero the better. Then you can learn about the other parts of the game. Also a well hidden base is better than a bigger base any day. Everyone can break down even the mightiest fort given enough time (spent 12 hours once breaking down a castle with grenades). Also google an online map and get used to it. Also take note of loot spawns and areas that have a high resource density.Wooden buildings decay much faster than metal and are easier to break into. When you want to build you have to craft foundations onto which you place pillars (4 in each corner depending on design). You can then place a ceiling on it (on which you can place more pillars since it also acts as a floor) place walls, windows, doorways in-between or place a stairwell in it. It takes a lot of resources to build big buildings as well, and then you have to maintain them on top of that.Animals also tend to spawn near loot areas but you can find some scattered around the map. They are a great source of food and i have never had to go hungry past my first 3 days so actual survival is not that important if you do all right at the start. Once you get to high levels you will start to get bored and either want to raid/pvp or build a big base. After that though there is not too much you can do besides raiding and collecting airdrops.Graphics are okay, buggy but it is in alpha. Sound is okay, gunshots sound nice but might need tweaking. Explosions need tweaking. Not to many glitches and i have had no crashes my self. Netcode seems fine, heaps of servers with little lag.Basically dont get this if you hate games like Nether and dayz (unless you find a nice helpfull server) or you dont understand what alpha is and have a short attention span. I have had fun with it but it has reached a point where there is nothing new for me to do appart from kill people.  Atm probs not worth $20 for what content you actually get but it will be interesting how they expand this and could be worth more then that in the future."
76561198022858357,Not Recommended,252490,24265936,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,uberki03,"This game has great potential. but the community is total toxic **it. KOS and admins that care more about full servers rather than people enjoying the game. the one good server was soon taken over  because the admin was removed for making too many rules to protect players from KOS pvp player. you rarely have enough time to get settled and actually build up unless you can find a clean empty server. but then whats the point? play ARK or something. let this game fester and rot. I regret buying it and gifting the other 3 copies to friends. oh and if you complain in a server...you will probably get this response. ""It's Rust, get over it"""
76561198079897593,Not Recommended,252490,16186193,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,jawzx01,"Eh, I can't really recommend this. I suppose it's the nature of the game -- I've tried the DayZ mod and this and I just don't seem to enjoy the survival / buildy thing.The game itself is good. It's early access and that shows. If you like survival games, I suspect you'll like this but if you don't or have never played, I can't recommend this right now."
,Recommended,252490,18997766,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,RustLieutenantDan,Best  game ever created and thats all ive got to say bout that.
76561198016786880,Not Recommended,252490,12126820,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,[DS] Bytefire,"this game has a huge cheater problem, cannot recommend at this stage"
,Not Recommended,252490,31581429,Posted: 6 May,all,Lubricant Jam,"New Update has quite frankly ruined the game, watch servers die faster."
,Not Recommended,252490,31563060,Posted: 5 May,all,[DOC]trexxon,♥♥♥♥ that update
,Not Recommended,252490,31576156,Posted: 6 May,all,BrokenHand,thus new update were u can build stick on people bases even if they have a tc has ♥♥♥♥ed the game
,Recommended,252490,10079811,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,HighThumb,"Great game, very fun and addictive. Would recommend to anyone who loves sandbox and survival, it's the perfect combination of the two. I prefer it over Day Z."
,Recommended,252490,11221194,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,kaps,i got  vac banned on rust. so 10/10.
,Recommended,252490,8737118,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mikey,"Found a hole in a guy's house and stole his 5 flashlights, the only things he had.10/10"
,Recommended,252490,9017920,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mr Walnut,Got killed by naked people with rocks. 10/10
,Recommended,252490,11558205,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Azo,"Day 1. Wake up and find that you own a rock. Lost, you run around for half an hour, hitting trees and rocks. Then a goon comes out of the huge metal tower next to you, clad in kevlar and wielding an M4. Being a noob, you try and rock him, but before you get close he shoots you.Day 2. Wake up and find that you own a rock. You see a dirt road, and decide to follow it. It leads you to a small town, which you loot and find a couple of bullets and some anti-rad pills. as you walk out of the town, you see a guy, who shouts through the mike ""FREINDLY"". He takes you in and feeds you, teaching you the basics of rust. when you are ready you venture off with your rusty pickaxe and hit some wood piles. you start to build your own base, with a lovely wooden door.....Day 3. after rage quiting when you died again, you start over again. Gradually you build a house, find guns, take in your own noob and teach him the ways of rust. Then comes the time when you meet your friend, after an hour of lonely searching. you are eager to show them the shotgun you found in hanger, but misclick and shoot him in the face. Now that you have a firearm and are feeling invinsible, you run up to the nearest rad-bears and start to shoot them you get some sweet loot from their backpacks. And then you realise there is still a bear making noises. you look around but can't see him, then he emerges from inside the hil and mauls you to death. Classic Rust death.11/10"
76561198048382394,Not Recommended,252490,31567458,Posted: 5 May,all,Broseidon,"I've got almost 1,000 hours on this game and I played waaaaay back during Rust Legacy days. I have a firm grasp of the pros and cons of this game and can honestly say that prior to yesterday's update I love this game. I have multiple skin purchases and normally do something every new update in terms of starting over on a weekly wipe server.However, this most recent update has officially made me decide to shelve the game until it's fixed (preferrably back to the way it was). I understand that as a solo player it can be frustrating to not be able to raid and it taking time to farm all the resources to do so. TRUST ME... I know, but this update does NOT help anyone.. at all. Solo players are even more screwed than they were before as now a clan can just shimmy up the side of your base, use some pickaxes or MUCH less explosives, and burrow right down to all your loot... and then just ladder out. Quarries and large furnaces are officially dead as ANYONE can just spend 400ish wood and hop right over the top of your high externals and that's that.By far the WORST idea the devs of this game have had..."
,Recommended,252490,11544069,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,★ BaRNey ★,"Delaying but not, for long..Experemental - Graphics - 7/10.Not Bad ;D"
,Recommended,252490,9735963,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Levi the Terrible,"A mix of Minecraft, Fallout, DayZ and GTA Online, the core principle of Rust is survival but the game is not that cut and paste. You start out as a naked rock-wielding caveman with the goal to go from scraping by on food and resources next to a fire in your wood shack to living in an iron mansion filled to the brim with spoils and a group of fully armored pals armed to the teeth with assault rifles, SMGs, pistols, shotguns, and explosives.From what I've learned, anything can and will happen in Rust and even when you feel most secure with your living space, your neighbors sometimes have other plans. Quickly becoming the more played game of my collection, which is saying a lot being as it's in Alpha right now, Rust offers an all-out laugh fest whenever I play. With strong FPS and Survival undertones, as well as a hilarious mix bag of online interactions, it makes people from different walks of gaming genres feel at home whether they're familiar with the mechanics or new. Whether I'm playing to build and survive or just messing around the game is always 10 times better with a small group of friends and if you're lucky you can make peace with a few on the server you're in as well but for your own sake, do not be so trusting and be cautious of everyone. At this point I'm convinced my childhood friends would rob me blind if they got the codes to my doors!Dying is another commonplace in Rust, as is being raided and having your things stolen so do not hold value to your belongings and understand that wronging people with a simple rock to the head can have dangerous reprecussions down the road if you choose to stick around the same server. Speaking of which, at this point the Official Servers are riddled with hackers and bugs so to fully enjoy this cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game I would personally recommend finding a good community server. You won't necessarily make more friends, and you certainly won't die less but at least it won't be from flying naked men hoarding the airdrops with ""fully automatic"" P250s.Given the kinks, quirks and bugs, I think Rust is a great game. As of right now, it is well worth the price and I'm excited to see the game polished and cleaned up, or at least what Beta will turn out to be. Either way it's definitely a unique experience you absolutely should give a try. 9/10"
76561197983153729,Recommended,252490,8079024,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mayo,"This game is so good, and very addictive! 4 hours or 8 hours just flying past, you sit and build and farm food etc all the time :)Its so awsome to know wich to trust, every ppl can be a treath or your friend :)I reccomend this game HIGLY! It maybe dosnt look anything good watching youtube and such, but you have to play it yourself to get the feel of it :) I almost did not buyd this, and i have no regret i did buy it :)BUY AND PLAY ASAP! :D"
,Recommended,252490,9189044,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,pluto,"Alone and naked in the wild with a few friends we managed to form a group called welfare gang. We managed to gather rocks, pipe shotguns, minimal clothing, and stone hatchets. We had beef with a bunch of Koreans on the server and managed to blow their wall open with c4 but didn't get too far when we tried to steal from them because they were just as welfare as us.EDIT****NEW RUST IS BAD RN PLEASE FIX IT AND MAKE IT INTO THE OLD ONE"
,Recommended,252490,11886628,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ex0dle,"This is true sparta. No mercy and no logic. But it's amazing.Crafting, building, cooking, robbery, a lot of fun.Just buy it and enjoy.10/10."
,Not Recommended,252490,22695357,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,135 | Dillon Smith,"I enjoyed this game for awhile, but the community is the spawn of Satan. Good luck for you solo players spending their whole day getting something started as in building a base, getting blueprints to research new things, and the resources to do any of that, because you'll just get killed. You'll spend all day getting materials that you need just for one guy to murder you and take your 5hrs of grinding. When it's one guy with a gun you might get away, but a group, nah, you're dead. Then if you escape that one guy. Dont worry, a bear will kill you. I played this game so much just to have everything I worked for gone.For example, I spent roughly 5 hours getting everything I need to start a base and smelt materials so I can have a good start after a map wipe. I find a location and start building. About a minute later I see a group of 3 guys heading toward me. I'm naked and armed with only a sword and the resources i've been working for all day. They end up shooting me with crossbows and I die. I even tried to communicate with them. This community is toxic, immature, and greedy. If you even get a base, you'll be lucky that'll last 8hrs."
,Not Recommended,252490,25070618,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ArtistX,I thought I'd give game a try after a long while along with a friend who got the humble bundle... and yeah a lot of stuff has been added since I last played... but so far it feels like a huge waste of time..Getting killed by random established players when you have nothing!3 times getting killed while in the process of starting a base..Yeah ok kill me in my unfinished base... take my stuff.. but is it also necessary to destroy the sleeping bags and/or fill-seal the base so it can't be used anymore?Why the hell isn't the keypad a starter item(and easier to make)? the key based lock is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and makes it 3 times harder to start.It seems like new players are nothing but entertainment for established higher lvl players.. there needs to be some sorta karma system.I know I'm being salty but I don't have as much free time as I used to and playing a few hours only to easily lose everything has lost its appeal..(and yes I picked a fairly low pop server that was recently wiped)
76561198093013668,Recommended,252490,11409710,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,wangan,"Nothing rusts in the game, unrealistic."
,Recommended,252490,14416233,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Big Papi,"Rust is way too friendly. Everyone just wants to help you all the time. It's awful. I said I was a noob on chat and asked really basic questions and literally everyone on the server answered me with kindness and respect. You'll be running around naked and no one will even look at you, much less shoot you dead and then attempt to dry hump your face. That never happens here. Sometimes they even give you flowers, especially when you point a gun at them. Instead of RUST, they should call this TRUST, because that's exactly how I feel about this community."
,Recommended,252490,9536105,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,StradoS,"If you wanna get chicken meat from bears,wolves,boars and deers.Do not hesitate buy it ! That game will bring you both creativity and action too.Of course it's not so hardcore compared to it's genre but will make you addicted in a short amount of time.If you have friends to play with game is getting more enjoyable,raiding bases.Killing naked guys,amusing death animations and building an ultimate base !Game is getting improved in time but even at alpha it's worth to buy and play !"
76561198127932829,Recommended,252490,21268313,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Plankton,"I have wasted my life on this game, and I love it.....+New updates every 2 weeks+Intense mulitplayer pvp that is pretty well done imo+The feeling of accomplishment this game can give you when you make a base... or raid someone elses+Easy to pick up, but you'll keep learning things as long as you play-Some updates are buggy-A lot of trolls in this game (People who are heartless lying, cheating, thiefs who just want your crap)-A lot of hackers but lately they have been improving their anticheat so not a whole lot of problems, plus there are always Community servers with active adminsOverall a very good game that I would reccomend to any gamer, especially anyone who was a big fan of Minecraft factions."
,Recommended,252490,9686160,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,JoshBruce,"You need friends to survive in this game other why's you will be outnumbered, and shot on site"
,Recommended,252490,21150122,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Doktor Surm,Good game with lot of bugs.
76561198144090379,Recommended,252490,16492603,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Strint,I've bought this when it first came out and its grown alot. if you like PvP open world base building this might be your game.
,Recommended,252490,20295060,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MaxWell,Rust is live ! Rust is love !
76561198022006259,Not Recommended,252490,23564707,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,poe40,"Okay, I bought this game when it first came out. I hated it. Uninstalled it, waited a year, played it again, uninstalled it, played it, banned it from my Library.Why?If I wanted to run around naked with a rock in my hand for three days and have no chance at anything, I would live in Detroit. This is a naked man simulator.If you want to play a survival game with excellent crafting and hunting... but Ark. Not this."
,Not Recommended,252490,28844079,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,-J&A- Mama Doge,"All of my hours were spent in legacy, and then it was deleted for an inferior version of the game with a broken anti cheat and tons of bugs (not to mention awful graphics optimization). The developer does not acknowledge community feedback, literally laughs at us when we complain, cries like a child about how its his game and it will be ""his way"", and refuses to fix awful forever standing bugs, and then added microtransactions to his already pay-to-play game. The game is literally turning into a political statement. Playing as a single person is impossible, given that clans have literally every advantage against you, quarries, numbers, actual weapons, the XP system, did I mention they have helicopters? At this point the community has gotten so bad that its impossible to grow a base unless you own a private server, where the purpose of it is instantly defeated. The game went from a simplistic and fun base building game to a ridiculous get shot and respawn simulation. Wouldn't suggest with or without friends."
,Recommended,252490,9862629,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,TangoDown,">Load onto Rust classic>Not played in ages>Play for a few mins, get hatchet>Come across a base, 4 little huts>Nobody online (that lives in the huts)>One other person on the server>Break door down (I try anyway, hatchet breaks)>Person comes on>ohshit>Opens door>Beat him to death with rock>He has nothing>Spend next few minutes taunting him (gimme door codes, ♥♥♥♥♥!)>He comes back as other person in other hut logs on>he has a ♥♥♥♥ing gun>Ask for forgiveness>All is forgiven, it's liek Christmas>They open a door in a third, storage hut>Steal about 200 wood, 50 stone and full cloth armour>Run away before they notice>hehehe ♥♥♥♥ers>Few minutes later, I go hey guys I stole ur♥♥♥♥♥♥lol>He goes ""You just stole from my eight year old son>...>999999999/10 would rust again"
,Recommended,252490,29341080,Posted: 18 January,all,G9X-SA✪,best game
,Recommended,252490,10247204,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Towelie,Most entertaining $$ ever spent on a game. Just get it.
76561198047829895,Not Recommended,252490,15834200,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,The Venus Project,"The rust legacy was way better, just find a way to remove hacker. gg wp"
76561198006023960,Not Recommended,252490,33138005,Posted: 2 July,all,onyx,"Worst, most toxic community I have ever encountered. This game is basically a griefer's wet dream.EDIT: Comments demonstrate the accuracy of my review. This game is full of children and disfuncitonal adults with thousands of hours in."
,Not Recommended,252490,15145733,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dripping Rotten Flesh,"I used to think this was a cool game and couldn't wait to see what the devs added in future updates. Now I couldn't care less. If you like being trolled unmercifully, then by all means go ahead and get your own copy of the game. It's just a complete wast of time to gather the necessary materials to build a base only to have 3 or 4 players slaughter you, take everything and destroy your base. You literally end up with nothing and have to start all over, only to have it all taken away again and again. I've uninstalled this garbage called a game. This should not be called Rust and should be called Troll Heaven."
,Not Recommended,252490,8842059,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Corlan,"This game is without comparison. It is the worst game I have ever played. Mind numbing boredom whilst you fumble around a wasteland gathering resources and looting crates in radioactive buildings. If you are playing with a friend give up all hope of finding them in the game. The time you spend looking for them will result in death by starvation and if you have limited on line gaming time you will waste it wandering about and finish with a feeling of complete emptiness having achieved very little.The other players you meet will probably kill you onsite resulting in the loss of everything you have looted. The crafting is mildly interesting which does give some sense of achievement but be warned your building will de-spawn if you dont keep playing or another player will blow it up and raid your stuff.The game is constructed on death, despair, rage, hopelessness, loss and hate. A piece of you will die inside when you play this game. Have the Samaritans on speed dial if you venture forth."
,Recommended,252490,8526057,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sqamsqam,10/10 would recomend. much rock. such caveman. wow.
,Recommended,252490,9581400,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,New World Hors D'oeuvre,I shot a naked dude with a shotgun and he got heaps upset.
76561198041552013,Not Recommended,252490,8245226,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ItsSuperNinja,"You need to think about this1. You need to actively play2.VERYstressful3. Persistant lag in which people can gain advantages in fights4. If you end up spending hours on working to get good gear people could raid you when everyone in your team and yourself is offline which just sucks5. If you do manage to get raided when you are online look at reason #36. Look at reason #3My story is that i spent probably all of my 60 hours of playing this game nonstop to get good gear. People raid my town and the only one that is really raided is me. I move to a better location and i just got raided again and they moved into my house. Not even Mr. BigEgoTopShot in my group could kill one of these guys because of the major rubberbanding during the game which absolutly never stops. They manage to make way with EVERYTHING in my house and my kevlar and shotgun at close range had nothing to say about it. Its so stressful to see all your stuff getting stolen unfairly like that which took for ever to get. My winter break has been nothing but this constant stress and frusteration of dying and losing like this. If you're really up for a game that requires lots of active playing and stress then go right ahead this game is pretty fun mostly but its just horrible to have this happen as the end product.This game would be better once the lag stops but right now its just a cluster ♥♥♥♥. Also, it could have just been the server i was playing 60 hours on that lagged balls."
,Not Recommended,252490,24493700,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Soarin' Ted,The recent XP update destroyed the fun aspects of the game and made it into a rewardless grindfest which is no fun for anybody.Do not purchase until this is fixed.
76561198151851825,Not Recommended,252490,24631936,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Heavens,Xp system ruined it for mecant go out and have fun gotta stay and grind for 5 days sraight to make a pistol
,Recommended,252490,8053853,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[XI] Kauê,"A lot of naked people trying to kill naked people using damm stones, hunting boars and building skyscraper shacks. This game is awesome."
76561198029483930,Recommended,252490,9721544,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Deoxyr,This is a Must have!!!!! Awesome survival game!
76561198169200766,Recommended,252490,33018354,Posted: 29 June,all,truculentorange,"I ran into an indian man, said he was a leader of an army of squeakers. Turn to my left, 6 screaming kids maul me with stones. Thats Rust. 11/10"
,Recommended,252490,15288202,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rattlesnake8,A naked guy said hello.I said hello.He asked what I was doing.I told him nothing much.He put pants on.Then equips a bow.He shoots me.I kill him with my pickaxe.11/10 Would kill the semi naked man again.
76561198113549369,Recommended,252490,8228850,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Paris,Best Survival game i ever play!
76561198059302644,Recommended,252490,13661102,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ETlyf,"Rust is a brilliant game, except the developers are bloody useless.For every decent up date the next 3 will F it up. Seriously the devs should release updates monthly and have the last week as a full test instead of trying to push updates weekly.Other then that the game is good (when  it works). the fact that it is hard to survive, especially at the begining and that animals attack and follow you.  The building structure means that team work is also vital if you want to raid a house. So you definitely need to pick your friends and foes.Overall great game but do not be surprised when the devs break the game"
,Recommended,252490,21248840,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Korn,"Iv played his game over 1000 hours and I can say its fun, Yes I have nearly thrown my pc out a bladdy window. yes there is always someone better than you so stop calling hax, was the lesson I had to learn in rust, iv made some nice friends in Rust. Been together since legacy and still the strongest clan on our server. You will die in this game and if you a fresh spawn you most likely will be killed, either by another new spawn or wolf, bear or geared players. You just need to survive. be sneaky. DO NOT RUN to gun fire, run away for now. Best time to farm is early morning. This game has brought me alot of memories and heart ache. nothing like losing 26 c4. HOURS and HOURS of work ""POOF"" enough to make me rage quit and toss my pc out a window.Be crafty and build your base away from rad towns, stay away from YouTube build, as everyone googles it and knows where to blow in. Try your best not to use the tool cupboard. if you can build a base without it, your base is harder to raid, use the terrain to your advantage. a solo player can survive, just join a low pop server or don't engage geared players. play a battlefield rust server to practice your shooting and build your base hen the server pop is low.Buy this game.  You will die and die again and again and again and again.....and again. Being a slave for a few wipes is not too bad. once you gain the leaders trust....up to you what to do next mwaahahaha"
,Not Recommended,252490,13146269,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,brandonjclark,"Tried installing after a long time of not playing (heard it was overhauled) and it installed some Easy Anti-Cheat spyware crap into my system.  It told me I couldn't play the game because I was running Windows in Test Mode (no driver signing, which some of my devices require).However, this is not the problem.  The problem is they just introduced 3rd party ant-cheat software which I did not agree to when buying this game.  Moreover, they did nothing to tell me about the install of this software.I'm reporting this."
,Recommended,252490,9030787,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Phineas Gage,"This is a game where you learn a lot about the human mentality.Don't trust anyone.Nobody.Ever.Even Russian people you've just spent three ingame days with, wordlessly co-habiting and sharing resources with.Because either they attack you without warning or you attack them through sheer paranoia.TRUST NOBODY, AVOID ALL OTHER PLAYERS, SURVIVE."
,Recommended,252490,14585176,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,█❤▂▃▅▇█▓▒,Nice 7/10Descriptionit is difficult to talk about an early project that is in development forso long. The first time I had a lot of fun to play this with my friends.The new building system is good but the stairs sucks! (22.02.2015)Good StuffOpen WorldCraft SystemBuild a base wherever you wantBad StuffSecond name of the game is cheaterheavenSlow developmentMy otherReview`s
76561198116169770,Not Recommended,252490,29996783,Posted: 17 February,all,jsmit488,"I don't normally write reviews, but with how much this game has changed makes me feel like I must. Current tags are Survival and Crafting but that is not what this game is. It has become all about pvp and having the best guns. There is esentially no aspect of survival, food is never a problem, water is never a problem, and health is only a problem when you're getting shot. As for crafting it is more of a chore to get weapons if you're new/on your own, and completely unimportant if you're in an established group.I understand in development games are subject to change, I'm not saying anything bad about the developers. I just dislike what the game has become, and I think anyone who is looking for a survival/crafting game would dislike it as well. To make matters worse, this game has gone through many major changes, all of which were amazing compaired to this. The developers have confirmed they will not be making major changes anymore, and what we have now is how the game will be overall.If you haven't played it yet, you missed your chance. I know 300 hours isn't huge, but I have been playing for at least 2 years and have seen many stages of the game."
,Recommended,252490,10382246,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Shmurda,S'alright..
,Not Recommended,252490,9564629,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Thistlebrix,"Lord of the Flies, in video game form. This game is pure evil. It will ensnare you with its soviet-style setting and survival crafting mechanics but don't be fooled! Imagine playing a shooter where it took you 8 hours to build a simple base and another 8 hours to research and craft guns and armor - sounds cool, right? Now fill that shooter with power-mad 12-18 year old boys who will destroy everything you made in a matter of minutes. It's a torture experiment disguised as a videogame thanks to the most hideous player base I've ever encountered. The humans that have made this game their life horrify me.  This game actually kept me awake at night. There were moments on some of the official servers that literally felt like hell... that is what hell would be like, 13 year old boys demanding tribute while pointing a giant gun in your face and verbally assaulting you. There are PVE servers but the game itself was not built with creative expression in mind. It is bleak, ugly, unfinished and rewards the worst kind of players. This game rewards deception, murder, destruction and psychopathic behaviour - which concerns me considering it's overwhelmingly child/teen audience. I'm deleting it now and playing something filled with hope, comraderie and creative spirit."
,Not Recommended,252490,25389674,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DJ Rumpleskillzkid,"you took out bow raiding and added a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ XP system, game used to be really good now its just crap. fix it. 1/10"
,Recommended,252490,11997594,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ld Cmdr. warld,"I found a nice wide spot with abundant resources to the left and right of my base. I built a tower and began being friendly to people. I gave pants and tuna to new players, and raided bad players. I was enjoying my Rust life because I'm pretty secluded from other people, then came my friends who found out about my base, I have a feeling they want to raid me, but no. Then after a few days, I noticed they're staying in my base because they're too lazy to build one, but they farm great though and gives me their gathered resources. Is this an indication that I should let them stay?So my other friend got raided, he gathered the remains of his base and started building in my spot.Then my friend who recently bought Rust joined me, and then maybe I could level up my Rust fun to the next level. I offered my friend a spot near my base and started to build his own house or maybe a tower. I installed spike walls around our base to keep unwanted people out, and a gatehouse to let people in and out. I told them all to at least pay me something for letting them on my discovered land, I started calling them my tenants, and I recently installed a deposit box outside my base so they could put in ""rent"" which are explosives or ammo or lots of wood.10/10 I became a Landl0rd instead of a Warl0rd which I intended to be."
,Recommended,252490,18066385,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Broseph,"You never know true fear until you are sitting in your stone base with 25+ naked dudes trying to break down your door with torches, killing themselves over and over to get more torches."
76561198185128370,Recommended,252490,18092296,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SerkanBY 🚀,Great Game :)Erken erişim oyunu olmasına rağmen çok fazla rağbet gören bir oyun. Açık dünya oyunlarını sevenler için birebir. Denemeye değer :)
,Recommended,252490,8848920,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,garnc,This is a great game as it is so early on and it has loads of potential. After about an hour of bad spawns I finaly managed to settle in with a nice community and build an awesome home. Everyone should own this game :)
,Not Recommended,252490,20595744,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cipunk6e9ood,-got banned from the server after have big base & complete equipment-back to Naked-feeling GG-uninstal the game
,Not Recommended,252490,18316326,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,.SteeZe,If you enjoy running around a huge map spending countless hours collecting and crafting only to never get anywhere further than you are when you very first spawn into the game then this is for you. This game is about pvp. Sneaking around and trying to win unfair fights against other players. The game itself is simply too laggy for the fight mechanics to function properly. It is very glitchy. If you ever do get anywhere and establish a base filled with supplies than the server will simplly be wiped and you will have to start over. Do yourself a favor and wait until this game is out of alpha before tinkering with it.
,Not Recommended,252490,15161605,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ICPSuperBallz,"Rust has potential, but devs need to focus more on group communications, navigation, bug fixes.  So not recommending atm."
,Not Recommended,252490,16141198,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Naughty Geezer,Refund Please Gaben.
,Recommended,252490,29094762,Posted: 7 January,all,DaMiester,"Hi, This is my review for RustSo first I just want to get these people who are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about legacy out the way.Basically legacy was an older and uglier version of rust which I personally didn't like. 1% of all rust players were playing legacy which isn't a lot and servers cost quite a lot to run. So the rust devs and Dev (Garry Newman) Thought it was smart to shut it down and it was a smart decision. Because now they can use that money they're saving on making this game continually better. We get updates EVERY THURSDAY with optimisation fixes, bug fixes and new content which is glorious. I'm going to tell you this now, it is VERY RARE for devs to add new content to a survival game continually every week and that is a big commitment that rust has always done. People are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about optimisation fixes, The thing is I play this game at 40 fps and occasional fps drops but above 30 the game is smooth. It's playable and I currently have 648 hours as of now I'm writing this. The updates they make are phenomenal. They are still finding ways to optimise the game and I don't get how people are saying this game runs like ♥♥♥♥. Because the truth is, The game doesn't run like ♥♥♥♥ when comparing to what you're getting. The graphics are stunning, amazing and people are complaining. I have a 960M Graphics card which BTW isn't as powerful as a 960. It's a similar version but a little bit less powerful in a laptop. And ill say it again I run it at 40 fps. As of now some of the new content, we are getting is a new Magnum revolver. There currently making animation fixes for it and hackers isn't a problem in this game, You will get people getting banned quite often because of the great anti-cheat the devs have made, There making updates towards that to. I haven't encountered a hacker in my 648 hours of playing but other people have. Skill is something needed in this game, I'm still quite ♥♥♥♥ at combat but I'm getting better and that's great because the combat system in this game is so different compared to other games. That's what I love about rust the most. Another thing: Community, Now this is a hard topic for rust. If you're a new player and your going to start playing this. You are going to die ALOT at first. Just like I did and if it helps try reducing voice chat to 0 in settings and watching some basic rust videos.There is a toxic community out there, People betray and people rage. but you will get that in most survival games and there isn't much to combat toxic-ness out there. All you can do really is just laugh it off, because think when you kill them say GG, Sorry bro or when you die, you say to him GG, Nice shots. Because that does help. and when ever someone said that to me. I take less loot from their body then I intend and pick them up (Providing taking their weapons so I don't get betrayed) and go.This game has serious strict groups that basically play in 5-40 people in a clan and they ""Zerg"" around. So if you don't like that then buy some copies for your friends to or don't buy the game. Because that's just rust.P.S ""Zerg"" is a slang term for a group of low-level gamers who depend on overwhelming numbers to achieve victory, rather than relying on technique or strategy. The term is most often used in the context of online role-playing and strategy games, but it also applies to multiplayer first-person shooters."
,Recommended,252490,8552886,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mangler,"A great combo of crafting, building, surviving and pvp."
,Recommended,252490,17422072,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dirtweasel,Great game they work on it often always updates
,Recommended,252490,8166919,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nidas,"If you like naked men and naked landscape, buy this."
,Not Recommended,252490,9581020,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Santa fox,"I do not recommend this game, it is quite lacking in features and also feels quite silly. You can spend close to half an hour gathering resources, getting a nice house, only to be killed by a stray wolf; Or simply log out and log back in the next day to see you respawning for no particular reason. It is simply a grindfest, do not buy."
76561198031126885,Not Recommended,252490,15860715,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,CrazyDamo,"Currently there is no game. User created content means that you have to find all edge cases for the negative. I'm currently stuck on one server locked in my own house. No way out. I give up. Fail.Alpha means I need to expect this, if this isn't fixed soon though ... why bother? There is little to do, other than plunder other people, or make your own place better,,,, which is a double edged sword if you can't even get out of your own place after dying.... done for the time being with this game till they fix this."
,Not Recommended,252490,33059274,Posted: 30 June,all,Lemodile,"I see that several of my friends have this on their wish list. If you read this, please take note that I do not under any circumstance recommend this game.Rust is a game that from the very basic, the very core, was meant to be ... marketed. It looks too good to be true and I generally find that when something seems too good to be true, it's not true. Rust is no exception. It's made to look awesome on trailers, it's made to be fun enough for a 30 minute stream or playthrough by some semi-famous streamer / youtuber. But once you actually get the game, and scratch below the shiny surface, the game falls short. Don't fall for it.Landscape's repetitive, visuals are lacking considering the system requirements. For the specs required I expect a better game, simply put.The main drawback though is that the overall experience sucks. You can only play this game online, with relative strangers, and there are no checks or balances in place that are to stop these strangers from working against you for no reason whatsoever. I've seen reviews blame the game's lack of enjoyment on 'terrible community' but I cannot really blame them for instantly killing strangers with the current game mechanics. Fact is, it's near impossible to get anywhere unless you join at a server reset, and then you only have a shot at exploring most game mechanics until you log off. Once you fall behind by not being as dedicated (that is burning through full days without taking a break) as the other guy, it's pretty much game over.This is the kind of game that can only be fun if you make it so. Which means that in itself, it's not a fun game. I can make generic household chores fun too, and they're productive, free, and not in early access. I suppose I made my choice!"
,Not Recommended,252490,17682151,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Chad,I really like the game but the people are the worst of any game i have played.
,Not Recommended,252490,23795927,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Thunder thunder thun- thunder,"Buy it, download it, and get so many problem to play this game. nice"
,Recommended,252490,16206039,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ponytail Mark,Follow the roads. Find Wisdom in the barrels.
,Recommended,252490,22154134,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sandeesh | YT,"Hands down the best survival shooter i've ever played, The developers of this game really care about it and the game frequently updates every 2 weeks with genuine updates. This game is a mixture between Minecraft and a shooter, You build, fight, raid and explore with no rules.10/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,9128936,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Doppelganger,"Until they fix the horrible hacker problem stay away from this game , wish for a refund , game community is a sub breed of facepunch so your getting♥♥♥♥♥♥for♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,252490,8570387,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,my homie say he goin mid,"This game, this game is a feminist masterpiece.It PERFECTLY portrays the male sex in extreme accuracy.A bunch of neanderthals with their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥swinging around, beating each other to death over rocks and food.In all seriousness, this game is good.In my first few hours playing, I made friends, enemies, and even got to slaughter groups of small children.It's hard to put the experience into detail, honestly.Just buy it, and find out for yourself."
,Not Recommended,252490,8450207,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AznBouncer*ニート,"no just no , you might like the game but i did not"
,Recommended,252490,28189611,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Last_Panda | Make Artworks,"Logs inWrites in chat that I am newA group of full geared people let me enter in their groupThey make an entering rictual for meThey baptized meThey give me cloths, weapons and tipsIt's night time, they make a fireplace and give me a guitarWe start to sing campfire songsIt's day time, we gear up and run around the map looking for bases to raidWe capture one and we celebrate with chiken mcnuggets around the fireWe sing campfire songs againNext day, people start missing of my group (Maybe they went looking for supplies or they were making s3)( by the beach since they were naked)Gets raided by another groupMe and another guy from my team escapesWe are alone in the woods and we run to our old baseI say ""We got lucky"" and he shoots me in the head and steals my stuffI ragequit of the gameBest 1 hour of my playtime"
,Not Recommended,252490,9957016,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Darth Jimmi,"This game is about survival, yes. But only against other players.For me, ""Survival"" mean grouping together as humans to defend each other against an hostile environment.This game is a poor imitation of what it aims to be. Sure, there's quite nice and functional building element, but there's always gonna be some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to raid you even on pve servers. The game literally encourage you to be a griefer and kill on sight.(Just to be clear, by ""Griefing"" i mean you spenthours and maybe even days building something you like and crafting stuff with lots of effort and then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (in this case the average player) come along and screw everything off)This game takes any nice man and turns them into lowly kill-on-sight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, just like DayZ.My friends, whom i trust and enjoy playing with, recently started to play Rust every evening. The guys who i thought i knew as nice persons with a similar mentality to mine, wich is why i became friends with them in the first place, became the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s we used to hate as a gang.The things they do ingame while we're all in a chat disgust me. And they think it's fun, they even record it and put it on youtube like it's an achievement.When i tell them about this, they say ""It's how the game is played"" wich basically means the game wants you to be a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in order to survive.If it's how the game is played and this is how the game encourage you to be, then the game's just pure manure."
,Not Recommended,252490,31573992,Posted: 5 May,all,Ragnuhkok,I have played this game for a great time and I loved it! Now they made raiding so easy that people can destroy HOURS of work in a mere matter of seconds. Thanks Devs! Deleted Rust and I refuse to ever play it again. #Done
,Recommended,252490,8106578,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Jestahr,GLORIOUS GEM. RRC CLENS PRETTY STRONK
,Recommended,252490,18827560,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,John Caicedo,first two hours of playing this game you have no clue what the hell you are doing.
76561198118636216,Recommended,252490,11211874,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,YayNicky,whent into a sever then got a shotgun put to my head and was told to fist fight a bear 10/10
76561198063505039,Recommended,252490,8494743,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[HoPE]blackbird600,"Love this game, its still in Alpha but i know they will make this game even better"
76561197993226678,Not Recommended,252490,22409777,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,NextGame,"ARK is better, and doesnt force gender bending based on steam ID"
,Recommended,252490,9280843,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ImTorai,"It has been a while since any game captivated me as much as this. its simplicity speaks to me, it's basically minecraft on steriods, except without diggin but WITH guns.. and compared to how early-stage it is, it's beautiful and runs super smooth - and to imagine it's based on the Unity engine just makes it that much more impressiveAbout the game itself, it's simple and straight forward.. Survive.and how do you do that you ask? you gather resources and slay animals, or even other players if you canthe mechanics all feel good and smooth, there are a few kinks with the interface but yes it is still an Alphathe game is already so much fun, and it has potential to become so much more, I've tried other survival games (DayZ among them) and this just feels so much smoother and pleasant to playBasically if you like DayZ, you will enjoy this thoroughly, and if you enjoy minecraft? this will also tickle you just the right way"
,Not Recommended,252490,8142962,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gonzo,"The requirement specs is a lie...Processor 2.0ghz? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? It doesn't event run with a 2.4ghz dual coreI'm sure that you will need a graphic cards...I'm pretty sureWhat about gameplay?Oh timmy, did you want to play alone? No, ♥♥♥♥ you, you will play on servers because is too hardSo i think that the communication is really easy in the game right? Gameplay?Theres not private chat...You start in a forest with a lot of naked guys killing you, i mean, which is the point of naked guys...Theres no info, you, rocks, medkit and ♥♥♥♥♥...You took 1 hour to get everything? Oh would be funny if that zombie runs you 4 miles and finally kill you...And well, you lose everything...Why did i buy it?Because i hear that this game was made by garry...But i forgot that gmod engine was created by gabe...The current laggy engine is unity with a lot of third packages, and what happen when you do that? You can't optimize that....Well done garry...Well done, i will go back to minecraft, and gmod...And i don't care, i'm not feel really bad to waste 20 dollars here...Because now i seen how bad the game is..."
,Recommended,252490,13200046,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,404 Player Not Found,Slaughtered many People witha rock with my C*ck out.- 20 Gabe Newells out of 20 - IGN
,Not Recommended,252490,22389797,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dr. Seuss ☭,Transphobic dev won't let me play as the gender of my choosing!#RustGate2016
76561198032663730,Not Recommended,252490,15709318,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Gorgonot,"This game is great for people that love unmoderated servers with tons of hackers and so many people you cant walk two feet without dying and if you ever find a server that does not have many hackers(which is impossible) but if somehow you do and you build a house when you leave the server you will probably never get back in because the server will be full 24/7 and if somehow you do get back in the server your house will be raided with a 100% guarantee So for all those people that are interested get your wallets out and buy the ♥♥♥♥ out of this gameCrashs allot alsoThis game has been out for a long time and the ""Devs"" progress is basically none existant so dont hold you're breath on it getting better within the next couple years"
76561198114101981,Not Recommended,252490,13700255,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,❤️﻿SIRPyroHD❤,i want my money back this game is horrible
,Not Recommended,252490,13814471,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CountOtis,"This game was fun when it was legacy rust, and probably would have been really fun if they kept adding content to legacy rust and fixed some of the memory issues.  However Gary decided to go off and do something that made no sense, with no real plan and ruined it completley.  So don't buy it.  If you do buy it you're pretty much just donating $20 to Garys Lamborghini fund because I have yet to see the millions of dollars in sales put back into making this game good.  Everyone lost hope and some idiots on reddit just keep making this game worse with stupid reccomendations that don't help the functionality of the actual game.  But hey, you could buy dayz and have 50 ways of opening a can of tuna but also play yet another broken game."
,Not Recommended,252490,8624226,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,patreon dot com slash money,another epic fail from garry nweman. sim;ply bad game just no funed. lags like a CRAZY and noine of the workbench work. also very many hackers and trollesDo you rement this game? NO
,Recommended,252490,19959089,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Draogn The Druid,After playing this game i became a millionaire.
,Recommended,252490,16474308,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,luna,"Got into the game, started building house with friend, friend gets killed by guy with AK. I kill him with a wooden spear with 5 health left the whole time.11/10"
76561197971611259,Not Recommended,252490,9886571,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Oldbolt,"UPDATED:  Nearly 3 years since this review.  Tried the game again recently.  This is my review of that play time :-  A wolf came out of a rock and killed me.  I tried to get back to my body and a wolf came out of a rock and killed me.   I tried to get back to my body and a wolf came out of a rock and I quit!Original Review.This game was fun when it was first released.  Lack of any kind of content updates apart from cosmetics and the constant excuses from the dev blogs have made me question if they(devs) have lost interest in this game.  I remember reading a post where it said Gary had made over 25 million selling this game and he said 'now I have to earn that money'.  This was probably 3-4 months ago now, all he has earned, as far as I can tell, is scorn from a lot of the gaming community.There was also a post about them working on another game, how about sorting this one out first?So.  You will enjoy this game if you havent played it before.  Keep an eye out for hackers, KOS'ers and Gary laughing at you behind every rock.Please dont comment on how many hours I have played.  I know it's alot and I know I have had my money's worth out of it.  I am just saying if I would reccomend it.  I would have when it was first released, with the promises of updates etc.  No updates and nothing but complaining about other companies and their(devs) own failings have put me right off."
,Not Recommended,252490,19908050,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ШΛѴУУУ :^),i dont recommend. its a waste of time.
76561198132744038,Not Recommended,252490,15172484,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The Last Crumpet,"The old version of Rust was good, the new version started out quite fun but now it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's ridden with hackers. I do not recommend."
,Recommended,252490,14004875,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,fused,2 hours played and i've not left the menu. It's that good
,Recommended,252490,8211746,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Davey Boy,"I thought this game would be good, but I was wrong.... It is FANTASTIC!I've been having a blast since I got it, and I literally cannot stop playing! (Over 30 hours in-game in only 2 days of ownership).Don't let the early access/alpha state of the game put you off, any bugs are generally forgivable for the great experience it already is. I can't wait for the future of the game as well!If you think the game looks like fun from the trailer, you probably will find it fun! Enjoy :D"
,Recommended,252490,23101699,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,deadjustice1245,Legacy version will always be the best
76561198121538350,Not Recommended,252490,15855154,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DarkBow3,"It was amazing when old rust existed, but new rust is awful. BRING BACK OLD RUST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198051001475,Not Recommended,252490,12880682,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ClockFace,"One day valve got mad a Garry Newman for taking half life 2 and making a mod out of it that revoulutionized a whole modding community to make gamemodes and content for people to enjoy. Gabe told Garry to go ♥♥♥♥ himself, and that is exactly what he did. Unfortionetly Garry didn't use a condum and got himself pregnant. Nine months later Garry♥♥♥♥♥♥this game out in an abortion clinic. Unfortionetly it survived and it sold more copies than gmod in a month. Everybody in the streets were talking about the big sheet metal/ wood♥♥♥♥♥♥shack they made last night on rust. They were talking about how when you got a gun you automaticly got these cool gloves to shoot with. They were talking about how the unity engines amazing graphics and physics system make you feel like your in real life. They talked about how cool in was to bang a rock on every tree in the woods to get gunned down by optic and lose everything. They explained how cool it was to actually feel helpless and lost and actually feel like your on  some kind of island where there are big♥♥♥♥♥♥towers with ten year olds shooting at you with the guns they found because they got in the serv- i mean island before you. This game is the best game I think I have ever tried to play. I say tried because apparently i'm not good at it. I seem to only survive when I convince a twelve year old admin to give me guns and food. This is vital to the game because as you will find if you run for two minutes you are bound to run into one. I think this was a good feature. I think Garry had the right idea imputting the ten year olds in the game because it really makes me open my eyes about child abuse. You never know how powerfull a kid can be until he kills you with a rock. If you think about it you don't need a licence for that, rocks are everywhere. I conclude that this game is skyrocketing above any nexgen game. It is a very short term investment because they add a new buggy gun to get killed by every year!!! Give your money to Garry please, he needs to understand that you believe in him. I accidently hit the dislike thing down there, im new with computers so sorry just ignore that plz bb..."
76561198106895978,Not Recommended,252490,34955503,Posted: 14 September,all,Dark,Sadly I got to review this game negativ... almost 4 years old and still in Early Access
,Not Recommended,252490,10824604,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,poogledywoo,"Rust is worth buying, but definitely not at this stage. There are two versions of the game at the moment - Old Rust (the version that got rave reviews all over the place, but it has been scrapped in favour of New Rust, No new updates for this version and the devs have pretty much abandoned this version) and New Rust (The experimental branch version that will be replacing Old Rust completely).Right now, New Rust is unplayable. No servers available for you to play on and it freezes up most of the time whenever it is launched. Old Rust is infected with hackers who run rampant on the servers, secure in the knowledge that the majority of them will not get banned. Now some folks may say that all FPS games will inevitably attract their fair share of hackers (take CS:GO or any of the CoD:MW games for example) and they'll tell players to suck it up and deal with the hackers (either by server-hopping til you find one with active admins or play on a super low-population server).The primary difference between the frustration with encountering hackers in Rust and hackers in the more traditional FPS games is that Rust hackers essentially destroy something you've worked for a great deal of hours to achieve. If you come across some hackers with aimbots in CS:GO, all you do is just log out and there would be minimal loss. But if some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who just discovered some shiny new hacks comes across your base in Rust, they can just scootch past all your defenses and yoink your loot with ease. Now folks may say ""Hey, you build a base so deal with raiders taking your ♥♥♥♥ and leaving you naked with a rock"". Fair enough, I can deal with that aspect of gameplay and the mechanics that have been built in but when hackers bypass the game mechanics, it rapidly gets boring.So if you would like to support the game devs by purchasing a broken game in its alpha stage that has been scrapped AND an experimental alpha that cannot be tested due to the constant lack of servers/game crashes, buy Rust now. Otherwise, keep checking back on the game and wait to see if they have made more progress with New Rust."
,Recommended,252490,16502500,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KaLdeRa,Çok guzel bir oyun
,Recommended,252490,9755583,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SUPER REFORMED PLAYER,This game.....will rock your world.
,Recommended,252490,10300191,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,FireFreeZee,This is the best game i ever played in my life i love it!!
76561198120849141,Recommended,252490,17353990,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,Really worth its money.
76561198080543975,Recommended,252490,9066862,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bambi,everyone buy this game it's awesome
76561198207179341,Recommended,252490,24067197,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,battlechickenz,"I have logged close to 600 hours in this game at this point. Here are some of the pros and cons:Pros:- Beatiful, open world maps and interesting monuments to explore. Player generated structures are fascinating and each wipe cycle brings a new map and a new round of buildings created by players.- Scratches a survival itch that other games haven't been able to for me.Hearing the footsteps of other players, especially when you are vulnerable, is terrifying. No zombies needed in this game, other people are the scariest threat of all. There is nothing like the feeling of leaving the protection of your base to venture into the great unknown, and nothing like that of closing that door behind you when you return to safety. (Unless, of course, you are in your base and hear the dreaded BEEP BEEP BEEP of a timed explosive charge stuck an outside wall...)- The pvp is VERY challenging. If you engage with other players you have the opportunity to form alliances, neighborhood comradery or enemies. Plenty of opportunity to make enemies with the community this game has. Player to player interactions are my favorite part of this game. Make sure you have a mic and be prepared to die. A lot.- Building a secure base that is difficult to raid is appropriately challenging. The more you build the better you will become at raiding other bases and predicting design elements that compromise security or make a base stronger.- Very active development team. The changes that have been made to the game since November 2015 when I started playing have greatly improved gameplay. It has been a priviledge to play this game during its development and watch it grow.Cons:- The community is absolutely brutal. KOS mentality abounds and it will take lots of effort to get a base built on most higher population servers. Gameplay favors groups. If you have a friendly personality and are willing to put yourself out there, you can absolutely make friends in-game to team up with. Many people are very relieved to meet a friendly person that wants to join forces. This being said, large clans will always dominate servers.- Some of the guns need some tweaking in terms of cost and performance, but it does seem as though the developers are working on this.- VERY grindy. I love gathering resources in games, but even I feel a little too much gameplay is dedicated to smacking trees or stone nodes. This tends to promote more KOS mentality, it's easier for fully geared groups to massacre unarmed resource farmers than it is to farm the resources yourself.Overall: I bought this game while it was on sale, this is the most fun I've had for $9.99 in my life. While other players are the cause for much grief (literal and figurative) in this game, they are also what makes gampley so interesting, complex, and addicting. I keep coming back for more because of the unpredictability of Rust."
,Recommended,252490,9656921,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Dolan,"I danced around a lifeless body on the floor with my naked compadres chanting, he arose and took off his clothes. We frolicked off into the sunset with our new compadre"
,Recommended,252490,12284942,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[TiC]ElCrab,this game is so much fun cant get off of it
,Recommended,252490,20584789,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[WW]ZiggyTheMan,This game is generarely just bad..Just kidding its probably the best game ive ever played. Get it now!
76561198020261737,Recommended,252490,9892706,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Sir Roberts,"Rust is one of those games that provides you with the tools to do what you want. You wake up with a rock, a torch, and two bandages. Your only goal is to survive. How you survive is up to you. Do you go at it alone, living in the shadows, hoping no one finds you? Or do you try to live with a group, where any person might be the enemy? It is your choice, and yours alone.I personally find the group elements the best. I run a group of around 10 people. We work together, we eat together, we die together... we also check each others♥♥♥♥♥♥♥size, enslave people, and enforce the laws of our group. We are the group of many names; French Valley Police Department (FVPD), the Natives, the Redcoats, and so much more. We build outpost, go on raids, make diplomatic trips to neighbors, and just goof around. That is what makes Rust fun.The game is very playable for being alpha. You have hunting, base construction, gathering materials, and really good gunplay. All the basics are in place, and the developers just need to add more content. The biggest issue that you can argue is actual people; Rust is brutal. People kill and steal with no remorse. Raiding, murder, stealing, and capturing bases is part of Rust. If you don't want to deal with the PVP aspect, there is plenty of servers that turn PVP off, or servers that just have varying population. The only issue is that PVP is a major emphasis; base construction is very basic at this stage, and there is only a few resources to gather. If you don't want to play PVP, I recommend waiting for beta.Overall, this game is one of the best games I have played in years. I have created spy networks in other groups, waged war against clans, intense firefights, and intitated diplomacy with others. I am in the process of opening up a stadium for rock fights, music festivals, and a training ground for my group. Come on and join the FVPD. :)Edit: Since this review, Rust has seen some signifigant changes. The previous part of the review can still be experienced by playing the ""Legacy"" part of the game, but the new version of Rust is what this edit is pointed towards.The new version of Rust looks better, adds a random generated world, and landscapes. What can go wrong with these new add ons?As of now, much. The random generated worlds feel.... empty. As of now, there is no cities or towns, just a radar dish or a wolf statue. Even those are rare to find. Landscapes feel wide open, boring, and empty. Not having a fixed map has also made finding friends beyond difficult.With empty landscape comes empty gameplay. The ""Legacy"" version of Rust had blueprints, rad towns to loot, and a fix world to explore. In the new version, blueprints are going to be reimplemented, but haven't as of yet. Rad towns are in progress too, but again, they aren't in here yet, and haven't been for quite some time. There is almost no point in play when I have access to everything, minus the fact I just need to gather the resources.The biggest beef I have though is the random map. I can't find friends. The map feels empty. The map feels open. I have nothing against random map generation, but I feel like Rust would greatly benefit from a fix world; cities that are iconic for ""bandits"" and so on. Maybe we can have best of both worlds? Who knows.As of now, I would say ""Legacy"" version is the version to stick with. Updates are often, and progress is seen everyweek (checkplayrust.comfor dev blogs), but until the new version reaches a baseline similar to ""Legacy"" via new content being added, bugs being fixed, and addressing the map issues, ""Legacy"" should be the only Rust version you play."
76561198074254391,Recommended,252490,8814038,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Alex,"One of the best games i have truly ever played in Beta. Although you may die a few hundred times it is very addicting, i also recommend playing with friends as you might find a few people that want to take your stuff within 5 minutes of playing. I would give this game a 9/10 for now and maybe 10/10 when the beta is fully tested and over. It is worth your money... Just dont get caught wearing no pants or your dead."
,Recommended,252490,8656960,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,New St3am,"This game is amazing, espicially since its only in alpha.Who doesnt want to be a caveman and start off with a rock and smash other rocks to get rocks so you can make rock tools to get more rock stuff. basically, it is one of the best games on steamI would recommend buying this game!"
,Recommended,252490,9058348,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mitchell,"Amazing game! Although it feels a lot different with zombies removed it's very fun, some people complain about hackers and I haven't found any! You just need to find a server with a good community and some friends are always helpful!No noticeable bugs so far and well done to devs!It's 100% worth buying and you'll love it for sure!10 / 10"
,Recommended,252490,29840414,Posted: 10 February,all,Neaira Zephyrus,"A fun survival game to play with your friends, where you try and make a base, weapons, clothing, food etc.... And then try and protect yourself from being raided by other players."
76561198056677456,Recommended,252490,8921050,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Gos,If you enjoy survival and building games this is for you
76561198067262505,Recommended,252490,9622564,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Lettuce,This is a one of a kind survival game. I am for one very happy to own this game and am excited to see what this game can blossm into. It is only in ALPHA yet it is one of the best games I own.
,Recommended,252490,9125460,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Hatty :3,Was starving so i asked a guy for food. As i picked up the cooked chicken he threw at me he blew my head off. 10/10
,Recommended,252490,9450050,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,TheAfroCircus,"This is what I would call a game of survival of the fittest. The only problem is every one is fit, they all have rocks, and their dongs are flopping. 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,252490,33047850,Posted: 30 June,all,Russian Potato,"First of all: Rust is has a VERY toxic community, almost reaching the cs:go levels.If you want to play rust alone (solo) then you might as well not buy the game. In almost every server there will be a huge clan dominating the server. This will make your life a living hell if they target you, especially if you have no friend to help you. If you decide to join a clan then the game can be very enjoyable and will fit a more casual gamer. Otherwise your in a group or on your own. This will mean you have to spend hours to gain enough recources to build a decent home, forget about your health, work/school and family and ♥♥♥♥ yourself multiple times. Rust is no joke and if you want to survive, you have to be ready for anything to happen at any time.I know this game is still an early access but i think the best i can give it is a:Graphics: 8/10Community: 4/10Gameplay: 8/10Overall: 7/10"
76561198027575845,Not Recommended,252490,31573264,Posted: 5 May,all,headspace,Devs have made poor decisions which allow groups to access end game gear almost immediately.  Base design is also irrelevant because people can just build on your base now.   Servers get abandoned within a day.   This isn't fun.
76561198156623255,Recommended,252490,12396236,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Faded.,Spawn in as a naked with a rockGet wood and stone with your rockCraft a bowBuild a baseCraft a furnace and smelt sulfurGet gear by shooting nakeds with the bowStore the loot at your baseMake some c4Raid TGB/siN with the c4 that you madeGo home and store the lootNext day you have been offlined and you have nothingGreat game 10/10
76561198019492811,Recommended,252490,8219470,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SatanSanta,"The best survival game I have played to date. The crafting is easy to learn and fun to play with. As to be expected the game does have some bug being in alpha but WAY WAY WAY less than I would have thought. PLayed both DayZ and WarZ (Infestation) the latter being terrible, Rust throws in a casual minecraft feel to that mix which is nice.Pro Tip #1- Find Some Friends.... Lone wolf is possible but only for hard players."
76561198047949641,Recommended,252490,9073734,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bilbobangboom,"I dont want to write a long review nor do i want to write one of those ""force fed a guy till he puked, best game 10/10"" reviews. Yet from the short amount of time ive played and lack of things i have acomplished, this game is ridiculously fun. Ive been following it since release so i knew what to expect going into it, death, lots of death at the hands of merciless sociopaths with rocks/fully automatic weapons/axes, therefore i knew not to get angry with the game or the community and just enjoyed it for what it is, and what it is is pure fun, if u have 20 bucks to spare, are considering getting this game, and enjoy games of a similiar genre then purchase now so long as u can keep a clear head and realize u are entering a world of torment :P"
76561198109452151,Not Recommended,252490,24625129,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jalepono,XP system has ruined the gameps: component system sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥too wewlad
,Not Recommended,252490,24656419,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Rurumo,This game was great. Then the newest update killed the game. Unplayable at its current state. Newest xp system is trash. Solo play is dead. Only way to play if you are solo is to find a small server or rent a server.I liked the game but now its total trash. Thanks Facepunch I want a refund.
76561198090923138,Recommended,252490,31133867,Posted: 14 April,all,Peppa,Perfect
,Recommended,252490,9682410,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,kung fu kenny,"This is a great game for an early alpha, doesn't seem good for everyone at this point in development though. If you find a good server with a community that is nice and may raid you, you might have some fun. I know I have."
,Recommended,252490,16302763,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Spaff Mac Sporons,"To all my soap fans out there, my horror fanatics, comedy lovers, I will tell you this... Rust is a world where the naked run free with nothing but a rock filled with hopes and dreams. To one day build a home where they can have massive orgy's and eat nothing but chicken.My philosophy of 'Rust' is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some pride, some humor, and some style.I had to fight for my life to survive. They were all against me... Since the day of my birth into this new world, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me ever so slightly, I can hear the footsteps now, Looks like its my turn leave."
,Recommended,252490,9750899,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,b​​il​​ly,Deers give chicken breasts.10/10
,Recommended,252490,9660625,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,キングAmnesia,Rust is an amazing highly competitive game! The gunplay is amazing i really recommend this gameits just so beautifull makes me♥♥♥♥♥everytime.
76561198092411486,Recommended,252490,8656231,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,TheMexican231,You either die a naked man or you die a armored man
,Recommended,252490,15683595,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DukeFlow,"Good game, you need a group to play with, don't buy it if you have no friends..."
,Recommended,252490,11907883,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,✪ Mr. Wolf,it is hard world out there with only a bloody rock but once you get the hang of it you become more than just a rock you become the king of your land with guns blazing you kill and destroy nothing gets in your way....
,Recommended,252490,9376665,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Blastem X,"The fact that this game is an epic MMORPG-FPS-sandbox only justifies the fact that thousands of people are dying to play it during its Alpha testing phase. Do you understand that? The game's not even in beta yet, and I don't think I've ever been this addicted to a game before in my life. No, not even Minecraft. No... not even... the World of Warcraft. Rust4Life"
76561198378009905,Recommended,252490,31588172,Posted: 6 May,all,Dr.Bleach,"One of my favourite games, however the March 2017 update has meant that people can now build up your base with no problem and have access to your roof!If they fix this issue, and the problem with hackers, the it will be a 10/10 game. 👌"
,Recommended,252490,8260983,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Watermelon,Tunnel Snakes Rule
76561198144810615,Not Recommended,252490,12141753,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ZacK,Full of Hackers and they do nothing about it otherwise it would be fun to playand not worry about getting double headshot everytime or hackers speedhacking/flyhacking on your base and killing you for everything that took hours to get and they take it away in less then 30seconds...
76561198116126373,Recommended,252490,10597182,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,GenesisOdin,"Built house on road, charged people rocks to pass through my hood. Great fun. Only issue is the bug abusers and hackers, but that's expected of an early access!"
,Recommended,252490,17987687,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,NinjaB1337,By far one of the best games ive played yet. i love every part of this game accept for 1 thing... The communty. 75% of the time after i respawn im already getting attacked by someone else. especially high populated servers.
76561198068643123,Recommended,252490,10466659,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sanic2E,"Played this game a lot in legacy, had to take a break because Legacy is full of hackers and the new branch wasn't done.Well, the new branch works now. Great game. It's different than it used to be but the new version is very playable and fun. Highly recommended, one of my favorite games, although it will make you angry a lot.Best updates in the new version:#3 - Guns actually look beat up and made. In fact, everything does. The first machine, the Quarry, looks amazingly beat up and Rust-like.#2 - Signs. Yes, there are lot's of what you'd expect. But using a sign with four random numbers as a waypoint is fun, as is finding random portraits of Shrek, as is putting ""Fort Sk8"" on your house next to a flag. Oh, expect many swastikas, but if you really hate them signs aren't too hard to break if you have a gun and a friend.#1 - Cannibalism. Not kidding. I still stand by my opinion that this was the funniest update in the new version of Rust. Now, after killing someone, you can extract valuable animal fat, meat, and bone fragments from your victims. Sometimes you don't even have to hunt animals because the new spawns are so plentiful. This can lead to things like established players luring new players into houses to eat them.10/10 game, just needs some more optimization although it's not bad in that department."
76561198154636376,Recommended,252490,17986602,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Void Light,"A good game with updates/new content every week. Most of the negative reviews are from ppl that have been raided  by fellow savages. Rust reflefts how harsh an open world survival can and should be. Its not a building sim or a game to meet and socialize, but rather fight and defend yourself from the elements and others (trust no one!)."
76561198042115069,Recommended,252490,8978142,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Goat,"In this game you play as a geologist who lost his clothes. Coincedentally there are many geologists around you who also seem to have lost their clothes. You must use your knowledge of rocks to take control of the surrounding area in an effort to find your clothes whilst at the same time protecting and maintaining your rock collection. You may team up with other geologists to find the best rocks, or fight off others in an effort to keep the number one rock collection. In the hours I have played this game I have become one of the greatest geologists this world has ever seen, and I do say that my rock collection is quite impressive. You will come across many a geologist who will be jealous at the sight of your mighty rock collection, and in turn you must destroy them so they do not interfere with your studying of the minerals in the game. Eventually it will turn into all out war and you will be forced to do the unthinkable in order to protect that which you have strived for so long. 10/10 an Emotional Roller-coaster the whole way."
,Recommended,252490,8759947,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Nike,"Awesome fun game kinda like a cross between minecraft and dayz. Build your own base, gather resources and make weapons, go raid other peoples bases or defend your own from bandits. Very addictive."
76561198031109983,Not Recommended,252490,9359189,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Spice and Wolf,"For the price its not their yet. Not even close.  Organic gameplay, check.  Butt loads of potential yes.  Boring after achieving a certain technology state and bloody hell one lone naked man with a aimbot on him can make the entire server population leave faster than man being pursued by his nagging wife."
,Recommended,252490,8929366,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,[Pat],Getting radiation is fun
,Recommended,252490,9041426,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Bucky,"At first this game is incredibly frustrating, it doesn't go easy on new players and I was about to throw in the towel a couple of times. I learned the hard way that you might want to read a how-to or something before you just jump in. However, once you get going it becaomes a tense survival game; I've never been so genuinely nervous playing a video game before. You can play for an hour gathering a resource and then die and lose it all if you're not careful. Interactions with people are also nerve-wracking experiences early on, as almost anyone is powerful enough to kill you and take everything you have.I can't wait to see this game progress in the future."
,Not Recommended,252490,9049154,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,lpN,Never buying a game in alpha ever again.
76561197980884993,Not Recommended,252490,9264450,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,KCnuggs,If you don't have friends in the server you join then there is no fun in this game. It is all about numbers and messing with people who have less. I see very little enjoyment in this game and regret the purchase. Even if you get to where you have something either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bandits or hackers with plenty of C4 will come take it while your at work. I have seen web browser games more balanced and fun to play.
76561198088391161,Recommended,252490,9719989,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Swamp Chicken,amazing game i love naked dudes
,Recommended,252490,9663759,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,SuchJustinn,"In my opinion, way better than DayZ. This game is the game of games! Its the best, definitely buy it."
76561198086871595,Recommended,252490,10073602,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,S?S Toukka,"I love this game! It is fun to survive together (if you have any friends!). Only bad thing in this game is getting raided and killed by bandits so stay strong, don't give up, don't trust anyone. They are the keys for surviving. If you know how to play the game and you are clever, then you are probably in full kevlar and m4 in only 2 hours."
76561198051967330,Recommended,252490,8810532,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Nihtgenga,And so I booted up the game for the first time and attempted to play. I started to get a wood from a near by tree and I found some stone early in. As I wandered around looking for a place that I thought might have been a nice place for my house I saw a large building made of wood and metal. Going up to the door I could hear footsteps inside and doors opening and closing. Using the voice feature I yelled out to him a greeting. His footsteps froze and he became quiet. When it seemed obvious I was no threat he opened the door and shot me in the face.I now have a large house and routinely harrass him by building wooden barricades in front of his door and yelling at him. I don't think he knows why I hold a grudge on him but it still makes me feel better. I love this game.
,Recommended,252490,18124277,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Sibbu,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.Still p3nises everywhere.
76561198050138850,Recommended,252490,17471441,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,F1GHTS-0N,Spawned on a beach with a Rock. Hit a bigger rock with my rock to get more rocks. Used rocks I got from the bigger rock with my rock to make tools made or rock. Used tools made of rock that I got from a bigger rock with my rock to kill another guy who spawned on a beach with a rock.This game rocks!
,Recommended,252490,21219601,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,niclas 'unikum' klang,Madi just gone' pssssscht around the corner!10/10! would shoot and rob my brothers again.  the only game wich reflects the real hood
,Recommended,252490,9805375,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,@GoonlordOCE,"Found a naked caveman, told him to be my pet. He followed me to my house and i put a wall in front of him. I now have a pet caveman10/10"
,Recommended,252490,28466216,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SeanL,"After playing this game for almost 40 hours in just 4 days, I can finally say I have no life. With all the comments regarding the tocix community in Rust, I was almost against the idea of purchasing this game. However, if you do buy Rust, I strongly recommmed you get this game with friends! It's fun to farm and get better gear, it's bad how the animals can run through walls, and overall it's a pretty good game!! (Git de game if you ave fwens playing)Final Verdict : 10/10 I want my life back."
,Not Recommended,252490,9222655,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,HRJZL,"DO NOT buy this game if you are on MAC, as it always freezes when you get to 'waiting for character' and even if you leave it for hours at a time, no matter what, it will not load the character. Complete waste of money and time!"
,Recommended,252490,8964561,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Raldimus Prime,"After dying to fellow naked dudes, full cloth dudes, full leather dudes, and even those pesky full kevlar dudes, the game still holds true to it's design.  Survive, build, and kill naked dudes.Never trust a naked dude because you never know what he's carrying in his birthday suit.After having 200+ hours in Rust I still log in and feel the rush of everyone out to kill me.  Although the community of most servers tends to be a Kill on Sight type of troop, you do find servers that have other qualities.  For example, on a server I play on I created a religion, yes a religion, based upon The Great Tuna.  Several members of the server joined in on the fun and we had fun ""converting"" some of our non-Tuna following members.Hope everyone enjoys this Alpha game as much as I do!Tuna be upon you!"
76561198042137084,Recommended,252490,9027712,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,chimpus,"this game got weiners warningIt's a great game, and the problem with well-equipped players shooting up new spawns seems to be getting better. However, there were still a bunch of times where I would spawn and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would shoot me up with his m4 like two seconds later.I would recommend getting it if you enjoy more of a survival game over DayZ, although it has some influences from that game aswell. The building is really cool once you get enough wood and metal. BE WARNED, THOUGH - PLAY WITH FRIENDS. You will collect things much faster and it's alot more fun to have a group of friends to live in your home with you.All in all - 8/10, with two points taken away because of the community's behavior towards fresh spawned players."
,Recommended,252490,10008973,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Golden Hawk,Kill's a pig gets chicken 20/10
,Recommended,252490,9637678,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Cows,This game has me addicted. Worth the buy!
,Recommended,252490,9509805,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Jibb,"10/1O Must buy. This game is for the people who can bare to lose hours of work, By that i mean bandits raiding your house but its all fun a the end of the day, Look for a clan or even make one of your own because you will make new mates just like that. I joined a clan and now i play most of my games with the people in this clan, you will meet amazing but weird people playing this game."
76561198300066685,Not Recommended,252490,23824191,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,fuckly,"This game is very good game , only one point there is a very big problem . It's very often cheetah . Cheat measures Along with it is inadequate . Speed ​​to ban the cheetah of the operating company is also slow , the effect can not be expected . You should not play on the official server . This is because the bad official to take measures to most cheeta"
,Recommended,252490,9779962,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,woopwoop,10/10 Best survival game out there.
76561198147968683,Not Recommended,252490,33153921,Posted: 2 July,all,gay head,"I would of recommended this game a month ago but they keep making updates for the worst. For example, the pvp update, now the game plays like cod and they also ♥♥♥♥ed the building system. Dont count on this game to get any better its just♥♥♥♥♥♥ All official servers are filled with sweaty 12 year olds that KOS to make thier little pvp montages. DONT BUY THIS GAME it is not in a good state."
76561198049496369,Recommended,252490,8858507,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Arkanno,Naked savages beating the **** out of each other with rocks.11/10
76561198068958377,Recommended,252490,9767128,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,I identify as internet explorer,"This game is very fun, It has everything you need, Guns, Torches, Houses, Sleeping Bags, Food, Rocks, Naked men with rocks, Naked men with rocks chasing guys around a rock, animals, Chicken Breasts, and Douches, It is missing a couple things like, Beer, Milk, Cows, Monkeys, Friendships, less server wipe outs, less hackers, and most importantly More Wood when you chop down a Regular tree. Over all this game gets 9.2/10 Because Its lacks some originality and Its in Early Access, This game is one of the games you could maybe have fun with friends, They might kill you here and there or raid your♥♥♥♥♥♥ its all worth it at the end cause you raid him/her kill him/her and destroy his/her House/Base!*UPDATE*This game is MORE fun WITH FRIENDS, If you like going solo ok suit yourself, but anyways the same stuff is still lacking from my last review posted on April 8th."
76561198095901915,Not Recommended,252490,9387174,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Archangel,"Not recommended for now, It is a great game, great concept and great mechanics, but, a BIG BUT, all servers are hackers infested, especially official server.To anyone that want to buy this game now, DON'T!!, at least wait to see if the developers willing to sort out the hackers issue, otherwise, it is unplayable. Aimbot, wide area instant kill, wall hack, speed hack, just to name a little, and the msot important thing here is, you die, you lose everything, thus hackers abuse is very serious here.Again, DO NOT buy this game until hackers issue addressed by the developers.Edited on 21st JAN 2016, still infested with hack, even in official server, proofed:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE7n2nYyWIgat 00:22DO NOT buy this game, hack break balance so bad especially in this game, they can walk through walls, aimbot, speed hack, fly hack, auto lock break and you lost everything every time."
,Recommended,252490,18848741,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[WetMeat] ConnerT,Best game I have ever played
,Recommended,252490,8194168,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,RobJ,"Rust Is one of those game where meeting new people is key to enjoying the game for a full and long life,   I would reccommend meeting some new freinds and building your home near them and becoming part of the community on the type of server you like to play on."
,Recommended,252490,9096856,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mewd,So I spawned...And then I got mauled by red-bear.A Must Own.
,Recommended,252490,8168389,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[ST-E] Janek [UK],"A superb game which is full of fun. A little difficult to find your friends, but I'm sure that'll become easier over time when familiar with the map.A fresh feeling to the game which I haven't felt for a long time now. Well done!"
,Recommended,252490,8426099,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Marsden,"Rust is a very well made game, It does not miss the survival aspects of the wilderness and such.It is very well made yet it's lack of good opimisation.You CAN have a lot of fun playing this game but their is one downside ruining everyones gameplay.The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Ddosing youlink whatever its called and ruining everyones gameplay.Overall I still think you should buy this game but be prepared... For the lag spike of a lifetime.Thanks to the Rust Dev Team that are trying to locate and stop the attacker of ULink.But for the time being don't buy this until the Ddosing has stoped otherwise you'll think you've wasted money on this game, of which you have not it's just the sad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who won't leave us alone.So if your to purchase this game don't expect anything but lag until it's sorted out."
76561198123703479,Not Recommended,252490,31871773,Posted: 20 May,all,Halanious,"update removing restrictions on twig placement, making walls and most buildings worthless. lame lame lame. no you can build and walk over walls, and right up to roof tops and just blast your wasy in from the top?? defeats the purpose of most everything in here....deleting game."
,Recommended,252490,10388234,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,MEXICAN ANUS,"fun but you'll lose sleep, nutrition, family, job and hygiene."
76561198275595942,Recommended,252490,29534398,Posted: 27 January,all,{NOR}King Nova,why is this game not on most toxic list?
76561198150320449,Recommended,252490,29595160,Posted: 30 January,all,Yeetus,Love this game but you need time to play and it's good to be in a clan
,Recommended,252490,29276759,Posted: 15 January,all,rOBIN,Great game for vegans.
,Recommended,252490,8884160,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Optimus KevTron,"One word: Awesome.  This game is loads of fun and very addicting.  If Minecraft and DayZ had a baby, this would be it.  It has a lot more than just Minecraft and DayZ elements in it, but I can't think of the games to compare it to off the top of my head.  I can't think of anything bad to write about this game except the zombies kind of suck, but luckily they're getting rid of them so it will just be MMO survival with PVP only.  I LOVE IT!  Another good thing is that it's only in it's Alpha stage right now so it's only going to get better and better.  This will most likely be one of my favorite games ever if the updates keep making it better and better.Long story short.  Buy it.  I know a lot of you are contemplating if you should buy Rust or DayZ or possibly another game.  I did the same thing, but since I already owned DayZ Standalone, I had to buy Rust and I definitely do not regret it.  DayZ is great, but in it's alpha stage, it gets very boring so there's not a whole lot you can do in it until it's finished.  Rust in alpha is amazing and has a very high replay value.  You'll play it for an hour or two, go do something else or go to work, and during that time all you'll be able to think about is playing more Rust.  It's an awesome and very well done game. Buy it.  Buy it now!"
,Recommended,252490,17641844,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,TheVeganGod,"Where to begin - legacy was amazing. Simple, fast paced servers with PVP. Simplicity worked. However, the waves of hackers came in and the game was depleting.They then brought out experimental - it was okay. Loved seeing the advancement in graphics and ideas but it was buggy and had a tonne of glitches.Then throughout all the little patches and developments added to experimental, legacy was closed and the 'new' Rust is a step in the right direction. The amount of hours i play is insane. Its easy to get addicted and the game is more enojoyable when playing with a group.Pros - fast paced, addictive, range of different weapons and options. Easy to understand and play, not complicated. Development team is great, constant additions to the game.Cons - it is $20... haha, graphic intense so youll need a decent graphic card and pc specs. the constant wipes may be annoying but are necessary"
,Not Recommended,252490,22077460,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Joker's Creed,"If you thought you could join a server meet some people group together build a base and have fun... well you thought wrong. Only buy this if you have a group of friends to play with, going solo here simply doesn't work you will simply be killed by 99 out of 100 people and the one guy who doesn't try and kill you well you better kill him and take his♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz thats what the game is all about to be perfectly honest."
76561198103174744,Not Recommended,252490,22065529,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Tenriez,"Rust where should i start with you.... first of all glitches and hack are almost not being fixed in this game such as wall hacks, item dups and aim hacks. I have seen it too many times, it ruins the experience. The concept of the game is fun but it is being ruined."
,Recommended,252490,8578098,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Azero,Awesome game :)
,Recommended,252490,10328537,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Gex                   Baby Sushi,This game is best played with friends. You can still play this solo but you definitly won't get the best experience from it.
,Recommended,252490,13246558,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Chris Hewson,It's pretty fun for a couple hours.
76561198082896952,Recommended,252490,17423059,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fishbag187,"I have been a gamer since I could twiddle my thumbs. Never has a game made me lose this much sleep and valuable time, This is NOT a game... This is a lifestyle! From the minute you enter the rust world you forget about your own. This game isn't about an end goal or missions, it is about creating a life and surviving, to do this you need to make alliances, fight, steal and kill. As everyone is a real person, much like real life you can find some real jerks, some traitors and some really good friends all at the same time, no other game has been able to give me the satisfaction that this has. 6930/10 Don't question it just buy it!"
,Not Recommended,252490,33340477,Posted: 7 July,all,"N,α-dimethylphenethylamine",Game never went past the loading screen even after 2 hours 11/10
,Recommended,252490,8017401,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ｒｈ¥ｎｏ,"Have you ever dreamed of a game full of bald naked guys beating eachother to death with their thick sticks and massive stones? Well if you have then this is the game for you, ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198231591000,Recommended,252490,23331419,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Avalokiteśvara,"This is a fantastic game. It is one of the best out there for survival sandbox games. I started out in the survival genre with ark survival evolved, and was instantly addicted. Rust, although very similar to ark, is very different in its own unique way. Rust is a game oriented around realism (although it is far from realistic). It has some beautiful graphics, beautiful lighting, and beautiful textures. If you can run the game (which takes a newer graphics card than most games) it will blow you away with the graphics. In addition, it is a fantastic survival sandbox for crafting, building, and pvping. There is nothing more satisfying than dropping a naked and taking all of their loot, or teaming up on a couple geared guys and winning all their gear. It's a game about cunning, creativity and domination. If you haven't already, please think about adding this to your steam library. It is a must have"
76561198108625310,Recommended,252490,10151218,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pixima,If you enjoy getting ♥♥♥♥ed by clans composed of mostly sweaty fat nerdsthis game is for youI recommend you dont play this game alone for it is extremely tedious and hard to get started.
,Recommended,252490,20674094,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Insanutty,if you have the worlds best computer
,Not Recommended,252490,26745195,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,lennyS,never uninstalled a game quicker in my life
,Recommended,252490,9335768,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,2mustange,"Alpha TestingAs i am writing this i have ranked in 100 hours in about a week and a half. This game invovles surviving, building, and raiding. There are thousands of servers you can play on and all have their own communities. Once you find one you spend the time getting resources to make huts and bases. You learn the map and how your fellow server players travel so you can take them out.The best thing about this game is that you spend time making friends and using team work to attack and defend.So what makes this survival game different than others? Currently it is the act of survival. There are features that make surviving hard. You can have all the best stuff but surviving will still be hard.I am looking forward to what added surviving features will be added to the game. To create a more unique experience."
76561198187210997,Recommended,252490,25664421,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RobsterTheDobster,Okay the game itself is really good i dont know if adding a xp system was the best idea but of course the main problem with this game is that the community for it is absoulutly terrible. And because everyone likes to kill on sight it makes it really hard to trust people. Naked people try to kill you for your stuff and people with guns kill naked people for either no reason or because they are scared that the naked person is gonna come at them with a rock. so i would strongly advise playing this game with a friend
76561198122772630,Recommended,252490,21318356,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,123,Love this game
,Not Recommended,252490,32924766,Posted: 28 June,all,#kony2012,"All legacy Rust needed was a better anti-cheat but they decided to start over and basically make a brand new game.Current Rust is still as clunky as it was during its experimental stage and the devs just keep adding♥♥♥♥♥♥into the game instead polishing, optimising what they already have.Legacy Rust was a 10/10. It didn't have the best graphics but the gameplay was fairly basic and worked really well. The game also ran smoothly (a result of having simple graphics). Fun while it lasted, great memories - mindgames, midnight 15 man raids and all.I'd be surprised if this game even gets past Early Access any time soon."
76561198155407998,Recommended,252490,18945692,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,FlamingBullet,Great looking well plotted survival game 10/10
,Recommended,252490,10134444,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,stevo,Awesome game. I can't wait for the new update.
,Recommended,252490,27657415,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Groszek,"Rust game that we all loved at some point and hated but we still come back to it just magic. Rust has few things bad like kidna unbalanced things but it's little biggest upset is toxic community but whole game is good. You can find good people on this game but u need to find good server. Game is great for teams and a lot of easier but if u playing solo/duo it's like u are playing on Hardcore mode becouse u both gotta build a base survive even a group of 15 people i feel people who had that becouse we had to defend base from this kinda groups. people say it's hard for single/duo groups as i said that's true but u can build a good base in 2 or 3 hours playing belive me i played 3 hrs solo and had base that i defended solo against whole clan without any help from other, if u are lucky u would have group of friendly people like 5 people group is good when they are friendly last thing a tip for new people. Build  where there is no groups or not much population that's all"
,Not Recommended,252490,24731735,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Shifty,"The game has the most ♥♥♥♥ed up community in the history of gaming. DayZ is by far better, even if it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs.The reason so is because no matter what server you play on, how you look like, what you do or what you have. Everyone. ♥♥♥♥ing. Kills you. There is no reason, logic, not to mention humanity, in this so called survival game. It is a joke to the Survival genre for there is no realism when it comes to thinking like a human being.This game is for people who have no clue what they're doing or how to play survival games properly. I DO NOT recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥to ANYONE.Save up for either DayZ, Miscreated, or something else. Hell, Unturned is better than this joke."
,Recommended,252490,10184069,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rob O'Cop,Rock
,Recommended,252490,18901670,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,[DBG] Roach,"I've never had any other game make my heart feel like it was going to explode. Great game, you will laugh, you will cry, and you will get EXTREMELY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF! All in good fun though!"
,Recommended,252490,9193638,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bruda,"I've spent an fair amount of time in the game thus far. I've actually enjoyed it. At first it was kinda chaotic trying to find a decent server that didn't brutally destroy me right out of the gate. But there's enough quiet servers that you can join and learn your way around on. Once you know how to survive, the game can get interesting. Of course interesting can be violent if you are a diehard PVP gamer, or interesting can be cooperative & productive if you like working with other players. Altogether the game is summed up by one word: survival. Its up to you how you want to go about it accomplishing that.Early on you should aim to get a hunting bow & a hatchet together, grab some food, craft a sleeping bag, and build a shelter somewhere safe. From there you can learn your way around, look for buildings, supply crates, resourceful areas, basically take your chances finding better equipment & getting stocked up. Sometimes other survivors raid your shelters. You may have to decide wether to be more portable or to try to heavily reinforce your shelter and hold your ground. But its all truly up to you. There's a big, growing, evolving world to enjoy. You can spend a lot of time finding that perfect place to survive.The game itself is still early in development. Its known to have bugs, occaisionally crash, sometimes even glitch in some places and kick you from the game (you can rejoin though). But its clear that the developers have a grand vision and the ambition to continue to improve & evolve their product towards that vision. With their native support for Linux, this game has real potential to become one of the ushers of a new era of Linux based gaming. I'm actually looking forward to seeing, first-hand, the evolution of Rust because it could potentially redefine what a survial game really is. In this age of Battlefield's, Moba's, Zombies, and RPG's this could be the flagship game for the outdoor survival genre."
76561198050818854,Recommended,252490,14974050,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,JohnBrawnJohnson,"No other game really makes my heart pound like Rust. Got to love these cannibalistic murder simulators!11/10 would buy this three times over.EDIT:Okay, so when I made the first review, it might've been considered 'green' or too fresh for legitimacy. Some say you have to dig into a game to truly enjoy it, others say you shouldn't pour hours into a game to know if it's good. This little edit isn't for either of the camps o' thought, this is me restating how I feel now, after a few hundred hours of gameplay. Hands down, best game in my opinion, definitely worthy of sharing my shelf-space with Morrowind and my entire Fallout collection (excluding Tactics and BoS, ewww). Yes, you can get killed, raided, bugged, and all the other bad things under the sun. Don't be dissuaded, Rust is most certainly a lovely game, I'm definitely glad I purchased it, and if I could rationalize/find a way to do it, I'd buy this game three times over. Keep up the good work FacePunch!"
,Recommended,252490,17115607,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,caffeine.tv/mrluigi,"Amazing Game , for new starters i recommend joining a pve server first to get used to the game. it makes it more enjoyable :D"
76561198039869309,Recommended,252490,8826399,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Ditronus,"This is a great, addicting, fun game.  However, there are a large amount of hackers that are running rampant without the developer's taking much action; it really spoils the game when you place hours into the game and an individual flies through the  air, c4's your house, and aimbot shoots you in the face.  I'll update my review of the game when the hacker situation is taken care of, which will hopefully be soon.All future work on this game is meaningless unless the developers can control their server environmentUpdate 2015 (Almost two years later): I put maybe another 80 hours into the game about 8 months ago, and a lot has changed since my initial review. The game has a new engine and has been revamped from the ground up. Rust probably has the most impressive realistic building system on the market now, and is pretty decent in terms of being a shooter. They are including new items, systems, and features into the game on a monthly basis.With cheaters being under control now, the game is really blossoming. The developers wipe server progress every month now, so all your in-game possessions and buildings will be wiped clean, but you will retain the blue-prints you've learned that allow you to build unique items. Rust will get better and better into the future; the gameplay is unique with building, survival, and FPS elements being rolled into one game perfectly. I think this game will take off once it launches, and will soon be ported over to consoles. It's a shame, though, that Facepunch is moving so slowly in developing it. I've owned this game several years now and have seen it grow tremendously, but it's still a long way from being finished."
76561198065843498,Not Recommended,252490,31604355,Posted: 7 May,all,DranzerGT,"Game is crap ever since last update, no sense playing the game anymore when everything you do is gone in 10 minutes. WORSE UPDATE EVER!!!!! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING UNLESS IT CHANGES!!!!!"
76561198068079850,Recommended,252490,15708248,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,PapaSmurfS4,"Amazing and enjoyable game.Ive played both the old and the new version. I am playing it on my laptop on lower settings not much detail no grass water is horrible etc.. but it still looks and runs flawless.I played on a less populated server and I still got shot at by a group of gentlemen who wanted the airdrop that I had already looted. I messaged my buddies who were there within minutes to take care of the not so nice guys!:)Great Game and great gameplay. I love the game and will continue to play it.I would for sure recommend this game to be played with friends!:)UPDATE: The game is freaking amazing on my new desktop, I have logged a good amount of hours and everything is enjoyable. I highly reccommend RUST. :)"
,Not Recommended,252490,31547227,Posted: 4 May,all,Jew Jitsu,New update has ruined the game
76561198218252725,Recommended,252490,30169544,Posted: 25 February,all,oG.Noice,GREAT GAME
76561198075375775,Not Recommended,252490,24669992,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,=TrauMatic=,"LATEST UPDATEGreat game. There's lots of things to do before you reach end game, however the new xp system is making the game worse because it seems extremly hard for a solo or a starter/small clan to start. The big clans destroy the starters the devolepers need to start to help the solo players more. Nerfing the crossbow has made the game alot worst i have to say that first the nerfed the pipe shotgun and now the crossbow. I reccommend this game for the people with lots of friends to play with.22/08/2017: Every server is russian!!!!!!"
76561198104089191,Not Recommended,252490,11108700,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"So far the game looks prety decent, it has a lot of work to do yet in completing things like the items description.The whole thing is over run with KoS ( which is not so bad, given the game play, its the behavior with it that makes it suck. )  and either obvious adolescents or some people who need to mature a bit.Game experience so far.Spawn, have rock. Die to animal attack.Spawn, have rock. Die because someone shoots me. Reason. To teach me not to trust anyone that can see me and vice versa.Spawn, have rock, nighttime, very cold. Start fire. Die. Reason. To teach me not to start fire because I am cold at night.Spawn, have rock. Find rock pile finally. Get rock from pile to make stone hatchet. Die. Shoot me because I have rock from pile. Reason, to teach me not to let others see I have things.Spawn. Have rock.  Die immediatly. Reason. To teach me not to spawn at someone elses camp.Overall this seems so far, unless your in a community server nothing more than yet another game overrun with people with nothing better to do than KoS everyone else, the plus side is there is not cash shop ( yet? ) to enable them to simply buy the guns to shoot you with that much sooner.I think this one is most likely heading toward the ISS land.Hoping for the best, but so far, even knowing I was heading into an Alpha experience the community ( largely ) consist of trolls who have acquired things, and now kill everyone else because they can. Not to survive, not to gain items, just because. Hardly an entertaining time for my 20$. Never even had the chance to really make anything but that fire that got me killed.I would say, avoid for now unless your going in with a friend, and you can find each other in the world, ( the game has no map in game, however tryRUSTnuts.com) having a friend probably wont save you, but it might give you a chance to have some backup.EDIT: So I thought I would go back and give it another try. Went into the forum first to see how the attitude of the community is now. Wow. Only two kinds of answers. People with some common sense, non attack answer saying avoid it like the plague, and out of control juveniles.This is the only game I have ever regreted buying. I have had a few stinkers, be it incomplete game, bad game, whatever, I ve always just moved on. This is the only example of one I truly regret to have ever wasted money on. Sad thing is, its not the game itself, but the players.EDIT: 2. Ok being a glutton for punishment, I have gone back and tried again. I actually found a decent server, not to busy, and not full of the above. Really enjoying a chance to try the game, including the PvP aspect with other than rants and foul communication from kids not old enough to stay home alone let alone play this. It is enjoyable when actually played."
,Recommended,252490,30634203,Posted: 20 March,all,💯💯💯💯💯💯,"i got banned, now im not banned."
,Not Recommended,252490,34361544,Posted: 19 August,all,Temba,"This game was fun when it was simple. If there is some game development fallacy that involves adding too many unnecessary features, these devs have it. All they had to do was focus on the PVE aspects of survival and make more challenging monsters and areas in the world for people to have a reason to team up against. PvP was already fine back then and was actually unique because most people had bows instead of guns.Shifting focus to guns and raiding never made sense to me. Neither of those things are what made this game interesting for early adopters. You don't need guns to survive the pve aspect of the game even today because that's just how little they worked on it, and the only reason you need guns in pvp is because everyone else already has them. Raiding is way overdone and doesn't even have a system in place that at least forces people to do it to players that are online.tl;dr There are already plenty of other multiplayer FPS games on the market. These guys need to quit trying to be another one."
,Recommended,252490,11139219,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,alexander,Australia: The Game
,Not Recommended,252490,32965040,Posted: 28 June,all,Pedro,RNG everywhere. Impossible playing solo. Impossible to survive. Random people killing you for no reason. Spend 5 hours grinding to build a base and lose it all in 5 minutes.
,Recommended,252490,9169723,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Spinrilla,"♥♥♥♥IN HITTIN♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH ROCKS! ITS NOT HARD TO GET GUNS ALL YOU GOTTA DO IS BE ALL MLG AND♥♥♥♥♥♥AND ♥♥♥♥ DEM ♥♥♥♥♥ES. TRUST NO ONE. OR YOU WILL DIE. ♥♥♥♥ UP SOME BEARS, WOLVES, DEER, CHICKEN. THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥♥. IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU KNOW WHAT IM SAYIN. THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ GET IT. NOW. DO IT. DONT SEE THAT YOU BOUGHT IT. WTF MAN. COME ON, DONT BE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ ALRIGHT ♥♥♥♥ YOU"
76561198021964602,Recommended,252490,26817038,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Condemned,"Just when you think your done, you then here C4 and explosion's going off in the distance, 0.0 I need to build more! 7/10... I need to build again!"
,Not Recommended,252490,20894345,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DJexs,A♥♥♥♥♥♥game for trolls and immature children.
,Recommended,252490,11206109,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,GodCapric0rn,"Rust is an incredible game. Read this.Me and my friend were looking for a place to live to start building something. Suddenly, my friend had found someone in the hangar with his shed. He started beating on the door and the guy asked for help in the chat. (Now here's the best part of the story that I wrote being stoned.)I finally arrived on the scene in the chat in writing that this guy had killed my brother and justice was to be made​​. Some people have asked me how it had happened and I told them that we had just arrived and were looking for a place to live when suddenly a guy attacked us (the guy living in the Hangar) and killed my brother because I could not defend myself. And the best time of the story is that three people arrived in the hangar with a Full Kevlar and guns. They talked with the guy, because justice must be rendered. The guy said he had never killed anyone (and he was right), but he decided to leave the shed and attack one of the people came to help me. Finally, three guys went in pursuit of the guy to finally kill him. It was a solid RP that I made from scratch to kill someone at random. The power of persuasion is at its bestGarry Newman thank you for this great game, thanks to the community and thank you marijuana for this beautiful experience. Definitely a 100%."
,Recommended,252490,8607309,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,nurfed,I like to kill people with out my pants on
,Recommended,252490,8388300,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ℐℎℯInfamousMoustache,"Very fun game, I've been playing since it came out and I've got to say it's come a long way. I've always loved it for the building and the fact you trust no one, I've had so many good memories from getting a raid teams trust and then killing them from the inside to getting betrayed and have a gang war for weeks. Deffinately recommend to anyone who likes DayZ and gun fights."
,Not Recommended,252490,24362598,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Totaly Drunken Ninja | Fixed,"Rust used to be unique with its risk / reward blueprint system.Since the system overhall to a EXP system, its about as unique as call of duty.When i though i could still play with it with the new system, they then nerf all the EXP gained from crafting and basic stuff, so now this has turned into a impossible grind.So if you want any good items /guns, good luck trying unlock anyting before the monthly server wipes.GG facepunchWho ever though this was a good idea needs a new job10/10 would refund this now if given the chance."
,Recommended,252490,17082154,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zepir,"It's one of the best survival/sandbox games i've ever played, the feeling is unique, lots of things to do, amazing community and developers. I really recommend this game."
76561198072280245,Recommended,252490,17410959,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Shrek is Life,"This game is the Truth, kay"
,Recommended,252490,9793494,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Rahburry,This game is absolutely PHENOMINAL! i cant get enough of it! I gave up on so many video games but this one is addictive!
,Recommended,252490,8860145,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fobeeyo,"This game is good fun, when you finally stop getting murdered."
,Recommended,252490,8186728,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kalex,Infuriatingly addicting!
,Not Recommended,252490,24509381,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Meat Flaps,"The game has become unplayable for anyone attempting to make a fresh start. The leveling system now requires constant grinding to unlock items. This has caused players to become even more hostile than they were previously, and ultimately, requires you to play with a clan/party of people, otherwise your individual efforts will be lost. Sadly, until there is a legimate way to balance lower/higher level players, the game is not in a playable state.The game is nigh impossible for people who have lives, jobs, etc. The sheer amount of time required to make a stake for yourself is only achievable for those in clans, or teenagers on their summer vacation (90% of the community, it seems).I want to say I recommend Rust - but I miss legacy. Maybe in the future Garry will pay more attention to his community."
,Recommended,252490,10040501,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Action Jack,Good but needs an update.
,Recommended,252490,8689595,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kewida,"Naked men everywhere, got killed with a rock, became friends with killer, killed killer, 10/10 would recommend"
76561198002817403,Recommended,252490,8547585,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Exigentt,"After 1000 hours on legacy, the NEW rust is turning out to be amazing now.  $20 for so many hours of entertainment, the game gets updated weekly with awesome dev blogs. Its well worth a buy if you're thinking about it."
,Recommended,252490,8221439,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ross Mandell,A more better version of minecraft and there's naked people too! (which can be censored if your uncomfortable with) so if your more diplomatic to others the chances for your survival will be good!
,Recommended,252490,9859216,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Festive Rosy,You see naked men....They have rocks....They run at you....Dead
76561198009199505,Recommended,252490,12228037,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ruste,"Top notch game, worth the buy."
,Recommended,252490,8967760,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,faffyface,fire penguin disco panda
76561198104295422,Recommended,252490,9106841,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,AziiMove csgomassive.com,Perfect game spacily for multyplayer
,Not Recommended,252490,9114421,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TurtleMonkey,"This game is good and all, but, it needs a singleplayer mode, especially when you are just trying to grasp the basics. Multiplayer is full of greifers, and idiots (mostly) who make it hard to learn the fundementals of the game."
76561198027340980,Recommended,252490,30060502,Posted: 20 February,all,TomCrane,"I'm playing RUST for quite a while now, and I really started to love this game. The best part of the game is that it gives you the opporunity to express your creativity in the form of building. It's really rewarding when you see your base grow and getting better. But to be honest, RUST can make your day, or break your day. When you invested a lot of time into building a base, and you're getting raided in a couple of minutes and lose everything: the threshold to quit and play another game is really low.Besides that, the community is really really awfull, it comes close to the League of Legends community. There is a lack of maturity in this game and almost everyone is swearing in the chats. There are few players that really want to communicate or you can play with in a friendly way.Resume:Graphics:     8/10: It looks really awesome.Community: 2/10: The people are really negative in this game.Gameplay:   9/10: I really love the concept. Building, Surviving, Communicating and Fighting is a great combination.Price/Worth: I think the game is really worth the €19,99."
76561198005161434,Recommended,252490,9081715,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Stealth,cracking game......once the hackers are dealt with it will be even better....cant wait to see what else is added to the content.
76561197970604901,Not Recommended,252490,25003613,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sindri,"Rust is a great game and i wished there was an option to give the game a temporary negative review; it could be so much more if it changed some major pvp balancing issues.The only way a solo, duo or small clan can play this game right now is if they start off the moment servers wipe (the first thursday of the month) and play constantly every day to farm and build their base. Even when you do this clans of 10+ people, often from different time zones, will be able to stay online for longer, farm more and destroy everything you worked for in a very short timespan. Offline raids is the norm in Rust.After a server wipe (wipe of all buildings and items) the XP and level of players still remain, so large clans are often able to make c4 and other items in one day after a wipe and simply dominate everyone else because they have several players on their team with max level. Most survival games like Rust therefore ends up having only two player types after a week or two: naked, defenseless people running around building small houses of wood being killed mercilessly by people with metal armor, assault rifles and explosives, and high level players with gigantic, metal and stone bases built close to the best resources on the map. The players of the biggest clans are fully geared, high level and often consist of 10+ players. This makes it pointless to play Rust after the first week of the map-wipe if you dont have a large group with you that can keep watch 24/7.A solution to this would be to wipe XP on every server wipe and to make a clan system that rewards player cooperation with extra XP and maybe have shared ownership like in ARK to encourage people to play together. There should also be a mechanism that diminishes this shared xp the larger the clan gets.The way Rust punishes players that cant spend all day ingame is enough for me to not reccomend this game, even though the rest of the crafting, combat and exploration aspects are excellent."
76561198118449045,Recommended,252490,20455498,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,T4FFY666,"best 14.99 ive ever spent on a game i love the whole concept and the work there putting into this. yes its still in development, but its not as if there not updating it all the time with new stuff massive thumbs up"
,Recommended,252490,17251855,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SUPERsexyWHISPERS,"I really love this game. The community is ruthless. Death is common. Your creativity can run wild in creation of secure buildings. I however moved to a community server from an official server due to hackers. Obvious hackers. Like jumping 300ft up, running through walls, lootings your base through walls, speedhacking(running epic fast straight up cliff sides), and aimbotting. I know, I know, everyone calls hacker when they're bad. But when they are jumping 300ft in the air and running through buildings, it's obvious hacking. On official servers admins being there is EPIC rare. My move to a community server is due to having active admins. The develpmont the rust team has made is amazing. The game requires a mid-high end computer or you'll suffer awful FPS. But honestly, optimization and hacking security typically takes backroad to develpmont of the game itself. I'm enjoying myself a lot on the community server. This game has a HUGE learning curve. You will be murdered many times, only for the reason of causing your death which I like. It's a brutal game, but I suggest staying away from official hackers due to the lack of admins which allows hackers to hack in the most obvious ways without fear of repercussion. I spent most of my time thus far on the Official facepunch Seattle server."
,Recommended,252490,9629775,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Elbow Macaroni,A game where people brutally beat eachother with rocks and rip chicken meat off of deer corpses.
,Recommended,252490,9373644,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,The Psychotic Snivy,"Upon spawning in the middle of god-knows-where, I immediately ran around and began beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of things with a rock. Further into the game, I got myself a pipe shotgun. Then some guy ran up and killed me for no reason.10/10."
,Recommended,252490,9792517,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,God of Cummies,The only thing that would make this game better is more dinguses.
,Recommended,252490,9048441,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Big Boy Obunga,this game is very fun to play with your friends (all tho is takes a while to find them) once you get in to it you just cant stop it is a game were you have a list of things to do. if you are looking for a great survival game choose this.
,Recommended,252490,8608671,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Alias,"If you're thinking about buying this, make sure you have people to play with. Without them, you're not gonna last haha. I was fortunate enough to find a group of people to get me started.As this is an Alpha, you should expect bugs. However, at this moment with ~4 hours in so far, I have not encountered any real bad or annoying bugs. (I can see through trees if I go up close though)As for fun factor, it's not fun at all when I'm alone on a server. But in a group it is actually quite entertaining. Even if you're with one other person it will be loads more fun than when you're alone.This game is still far from done, but it's not far from REAL playabilty.As of right now, I will recommend this game. It's got tons of potential, and even at this alpha state, it is fun to play."
76561198083100220,Not Recommended,252490,33064756,Posted: 30 June,all,lonewo1f95,"If you like...Animals killing you while you sleepLagSpending hours grinding to make a base, tools, and weaponsLagHaving a fully geared team take it all away from you in secondsLagDid I mention lag?Then you have a weird taste in games. Enjoy!"
76561198005960410,Not Recommended,252490,24289475,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ledce,"I'm torn because I enjoy playing Rust, or at least I used to, and at nearly 1300 hours, I've already got my moneys worth out of the game.  That being said, the game seems to promote and reward no-lifers and massive clans, with very little room for anyone below  that.  The community is dowright toxic, it's nothing but racial slurs, homophobic slurs,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and little kids planting 30 bags around your base and just running up and crying at you because they're bad at the game.  Then there are the hackers, and they are everywhere.  They do ban waves around when they plan to have the game on sale to encourage people to buy new accounts and feed Gary's ego.The game was already bad about punishing people who can't play the game all day every day.  With the recent implementation of the experience system they further punish anyone with a life outside of Rust because you can't even get lucky with random blueprint drops, you have to grind for days at a time to get anything.  Things that used to be known by default, like pants (lvl 13), Longsleeve shirts and Hoodies (lvl 16) can literally take days to obtain, I unlocked the latter after four days of playing every day from the time I got off work until the time I went to bed.  If I had been on a server that actively banned hackers when they were obvious about it, then I may have done so a little quicker, but it's hard to do anything with the rampant abuse of ESP hacks and people toggling aimbot when they start to lose.  (A side note:  I'm not claiming everyone  hacks, or that every time I die it was to a hacker, but they are very rampant in this game.)In the current state of the game, if you're not part of a big clan, you're likely to get stomped on.   If you happen to kill them when you're online, they will just wait until you are offline, blow into everything you have and kill you while you sleep, then put signs on your walls with whatever slurs they're tiny little brains can spell.  The only defense is to build massive, confusing bases and hope that they run out of explosives before you run out of walls/doors.  You may also build a bunch of small bases, and then it's just a roll of the dice as to whether any of them survive.If you want to spend all of your free time grinding and playing with large groups, I recommend you go find a traditional MMO.  At least there, your progress will feel somewhat rewarding.  If you want to just kill people consantly and♥♥♥♥♥♥talk people, go play an FPS that isn't glithcy and everychanging in Alpha.   Rust is trying to be a bit of everything, but it's failing because it's not focused on making any of those things any good.  Base building is fun, but ultimately pointless.  PvP is intense, but you're just as likely to die from a glitch or hacker as you are a skill player or a bear spawning on top of you.  The leveling system is just a grindy joke, I wanted to love it, but it was done in such a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor manner that it's not even slightly enjoyable.  Rust is a game for people who want to harass and grief other players, because if you lose in Rust, you lose potentially days worth of work."
,Recommended,252490,15972351,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Hoblit,Awesome game :D
,Not Recommended,252490,9114024,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,joel,Terrible after they took the zombies out. :l
,Recommended,252490,9264494,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Trash Hulk,"Pros:- can look pretty nice sometimes- building bases is satisfying- killing people is satisfying- updated constantly and the updates usually keep it freshCons:- kind of hard to run (alpha, optimization will come)- gets boring near endgame (it's in alpha stage, many things will still be added)- community is generally not niceIt's pretty good. I don't feel bad using the ""it's Alpha"" excuse because it's constantly being updated and the developers listen to the community, so I know most of the issues will be fixed.Original review of original Legacy Rust:(not really a review)I met a man named Aqua Squid yesterday, he said he was friendly, he took me in and let me sit by his fire. He gave me cooked chicken breast to eat, I was happy and warm for once in the cruel world of Rust.He let me stay, he raised me and taught me what I know about Rust. He fed me until I knew how to feed myself, we hunted deer and ate chicken everyday. We had fun.One day as we had just woken up, I dressed in my best kevlar and I went to split radtown, he followed me closely. We had our shotguns out, pointed forward waiting for danger to come.He pointed the gun at me.He pulled the trigger.10/10 game would buy a million times"
,Recommended,252490,9800010,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Zach Rick™,This game is very well made I have to say. besides the mutant wolves and bears being more 30x more abundant than zombies were but you know. HONESTLY WHO DOESN'T LOVE A GAME FULL OF NAKED CAVE MEN?
76561198090497243,Recommended,252490,29240621,Posted: 13 January,all,Bumblebeetuna,"Everything wants to kill you bears,wolfs,people. Imagin if you had a full inventory of really good loot that you just farmed and your running back to base thinking yes i can finally finish my house but on the way some one kills you. Yes you will rage but the next time you go out and you farm it all again but this time you acually get it inside you feel so accomplished. thats why i love this game because all those bad moments you have allways make a great rememberable moment that will last forever. This review probably doesnt make sence but when you get this game you will understand what im trying to say. get this game it's a really great survival game probably the best survival to be made ever."
,Recommended,252490,13291818,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,EmilyBVB,me being a girl i love this game but can we possibly add a girl character?!?
,Recommended,252490,18071930,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Shultz,Played it for a bit.
,Recommended,252490,17451194,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Grumpy0,"The other players are brutal but that is part of the fun. Don't try to go it alone, you will never get anywhere. Also keep in mind there are ALOT of kids playing this game who just learned cuss words."
76561198043092608,Not Recommended,252490,24602651,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,BRUTAL SAVAGE,youve killed it for me i have owned the game since legacy and loved it so much until july 2016 when the solo player was forgotten and this game died for me
76561198052990128,Not Recommended,252490,22401113,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Grrinc,Terrible game. It launched off of the back of DayZ's best elements but stupidly changed direction whilst better more refined games emerged. Horrible community and obnoxious developer.Look else where. DayZ and Rust have lost the plot and ran with the money.
,Not Recommended,252490,28229979,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MULATTO,"Finding a good server is hard. in alot of areas youll find buildings everywhere but very few players. when you finally find one, he will most likely shoot you. This is not a friendly game. 90% of the people you meet will kill you right away.You spend a ton of time gathering resources. that part isnt fun. If you dont meet freinds that play alot you will get bored and quit. Most servers reset about every 2 or 3 weeks. it seems like the players drift away after the first week and when the second passes its a baron wasteland with nothing but kids trying to run and gun for the last time before server reset. none the less it was fun while it lasted."
,Recommended,252490,9949910,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,WoodStock,"my first experience with this game went a little like this, spawned in to hear gun shots and seeing naked men running with rocks in rocks away from more men with rocks above them on higher rocks and then finally to be rocked, spawned in again...repeated this process for an hour."
76561198136465011,Not Recommended,252490,24325619,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Larry the Pinapple,this game used to be good. The xp update changed that. I think it ruined the game. If i could give or sell my copy that i own i would because the xp system ruined rust.
,Recommended,252490,8539725,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,g+,"Extremely fun, ive been playing nonstop. Also very fun to play and witness new things being added in updates. The game is so good they forget its only in alpha. I have exteremly high expectations for what can be done in this game. Playing with friends and allies makes this game 100 times better and more enjoyable. I recommend this game to anyone who likes FPS games but also likes creating things and surviving. (sums up what the game is). However, it will make you realize that some people really like having power and will take it out on any and everyone including the poor naked people who live in little ghetto shelter communities..."
76561198083898465,Recommended,252490,16132060,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Snazzy,One of my favorite games. Join our server. 104.153.229:28015 or look us up.Outerworldgaming.comfor more games we all play.
,Recommended,252490,12212390,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Duff,First things to understand:There are currently 2 version of the game which are Experimental and Legacy. Currently legacy is the most played version but is pretty broken mechanics wise (exploits mostly). Experimental is the same game rebuilt from the ground up using the new Unity engine and better code in its entirety. While not 100% functional the Experimental version is being updated multiple times per day and is coming very close to the baseline of Legacy.You can follow the devleopment progress of Experimental here:http://www.playrust.com- Click on the blog post to read it in its entiretyhttp://www.trello.com/b/lG8jtz6v/rust-mainhttps://trello.com/b/vlKShlw3/rust-programmersBased on the progress of Experimental alone I would reccommend the purchase
76561198011301923,Recommended,252490,8670314,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Commonwealth Bank,"I'm about to describe my first 7 hours in Rust.I spawned somewhere, and quickly started gathering wood and stone. I eventually built up my inventory to have a stone hatchet and a bow. I was pretty proud of myself. I started constructing a shelter with foundations, then pillars, walls and lastly a ceiling. I then placed the metal door on my home securing me from the outside world. I felt safe.During a night I heard something outside of my door. ""Is there anybody in there?"" They said, claiming they were friendly. I reluctantly opened the door and he stepped inside, bare naked, telling me he wanted some safety throughout the night. We went seperate ways after an exchange of goods.The sun began to rise and I heard more footsteps. It was a very well geared up player, who gave me a pickaxe. I was extremely impressed with how some other people were treating me. With the generous gift off a pickaxe, I developed my inventory quite well. I clothed my character and I crafted a pipe shotgun with 40 shells.I was ready to go out into the world and help others the way they helped me. I came across some struggling players who were being chased by wolves, so I killed the wolves and gave them some cooked chicken to set them on their way.I felt things were going well. But things were about to change.I came across a player with a gun. My heart started racing as I ran into the nearest abandoned shelter for cover. He was firing on me and I was terrified. With a stroke of luck I dealt the lethal blow and I survived. After coming so close to death I started to run back home, as fast as I could, but when I got there I noticed something strange.There was a man breaking down my door. I slowly approached him and blasted him in the back of the head, moving inside of the house and shutting the door. After a few minutes I felt the area was clear and opened the door.His friends were waiting for me. That's when I died. I lost everything10/10"
,Not Recommended,252490,24340589,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,alden103,"UPDATE: Garry Newman and Facepunch have started making a new game, now what's wrong with this? Scroll up. You'll see it, it's a big blue bar, that says EARLY ACCESS. Come on. Really?The reason I cannot reccomend this game is because of the community. It's a great game! It really is. But the people are terrible. Anyone with any power will abuse that power for no reason at all. I had a problem where every time I dragged my naked♥♥♥♥♥off the beach, someone would just shoot me. People can't cooperate for long enough to get established, so I spent most of my time being beaten shot stabbed, mugged, and eaten.Can't reccomend it."
,Recommended,252490,30054135,Posted: 20 February,all,Miguel,gud
76561198088088814,Recommended,252490,27271733,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MokaSticks,Great devs great game.
76561198069342847,Not Recommended,252490,24452342,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,XxevilgoatxX / Mat,"It isn't what it used to be, don't even waste your time on this garbage"
,Not Recommended,252490,24452629,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,tyler,"This has been my favorite game by far since legacy. Don't buy it. The XP System is ""ok"" but still lacking. They recently made changes to the bow and crossbow. They both used to be good, now they are so bad. Before This Updat: Bows were 1-2 headshot kills on nakeds and 3 headshot kills on geared guys. Crossbows were a one shot on nakeds and a two shot headshot on geared guys. After This Update: Bows are a 3 headshot kill on nakeds and 4-5 headshot kill on geared guys. Crossbows are almost useless now. They are a two headshot kill on nakeds and 3-4 headshot kills on geared guys. Also, you can't run at all anymore while you are reloading. Fix your game developers!"
,Recommended,252490,11390058,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"9.5/10 - Survival, Real Raids and Extensive Fort Building.This game is awesome! Fun to play solo and even better with a group! Struggle to survive or go on the offensive and dominate the world.. Frequent updates, fun community and innovative features. Craft, Build, Explore and more!I started playing this game early when naked men and 1 outfit ruled the game. So much has improved and there seems to be no sign of slowing down.You will want to play this game more than your real life!Worth the full price!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Not Recommended,252490,22354229,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Tactic-Viking,"Community is Toxic af, gameplay is great..."
16190127075627824,Not Recommended,252490,26605588,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,_dan4a__,F*cked 1345 hours of his life
,Not Recommended,252490,34105489,Posted: 8 August,all,Master,"Hackers, everywhere. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,252490,20480096,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dat Kitty,"Welcome to rust,A game where you either stay the beta, ♥♥♥♥♥ about every game changing update, write a negative review about it, and blaming either the game or the community for how much you suck at it.Or become the alpha, learn how to play, enjoy the game for the awesome mechanics it has, and dominate others to make your experience better than their own!  ;)Survival of the fittest, may the cucks rage quit n write negative reviews. <3"
76561198030171641,Recommended,252490,29807298,Posted: 9 February,all,Marz,"Rust is by far, my favorite FPS. Lots of action, plenty of modded options to suit your available free time, and there's a competition for everything. Some days you find yourself laughing at your neighbors poor accuracy, while other days you log into an offline raided base, with nothing left -- you never know what's coming.I've played since Rust left browser, aka legacy, and I've always known this to be an FPS/Crafting/base builder, and NOT a survival game. For those of you looking to trade, create towns, or play peacefully alongside your neighbors, you'll be hardpressed to find a server with any kind of roleplaying, or friendly players at this point. They do exist, but there are usually a lot of rules to follow, and these can be interpreted many ways, apparently.Most players will simply bait you into your own death, which can be worth a laugh or two, or kill on sight. Personally, I strike first, and negotiate a truce once my opponent has been run into the ground. You can retain allies, or even make friends in this way, I've come to find. Rust is very difficult to play solo, but can be very rewarding if you're a capable shot, even while outnumbered.Learn to shoot accurately with each weapon, and make sure you shoot first.. and remember: dont be greedy when you loot a kill, or you'll soon be looted too."
,Not Recommended,252490,24282120,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kratos Aurion,"Do you like games that are in 'apha' for 3 years?Do you like getting barely 60fps on low update after update?Do you like an anticheat that only works for hacks that were released 6 months ago?Do you like features being developed then dropped suddently?Do you like shallow gameplay, poor feeling guns, and russian spam?I don't. Also 3 years in and they couldn't even program in some radtown enemies.Stay far, far away."
76561197965074125,Not Recommended,252490,32814468,Posted: 26 June,all,Raeven,"Liked: graphics are nice, spawn rate of resources pretty goodDisliked: lack of any kind of permanence for stockpiling, STEEP learning curve, no way to delete parts of a structure you make, getting to any type of sophistication takes hours unless you're near a harbor or some other type of monument (even then it still takes an hour or so).A great deal of the game feels like wasting time. What was great about Minecraft is that you could become sophisticated in a relatively small amount of time and not feel like after spending hours building something up, you have a veteran player come in with a freaking rock and kill you since you're still learning the game. It would be like having a person spawn and be able to kill you with punches in 10 seconds and take everything from you and your base. If you like starting from scratch each time you spawn into the world, this game is for you. Otherwise it feels like counter strike with building crap and nudity, and without money or any kind of store to gear up and get back in the game without spending another couple of hours gathering, smelting, burning, etc to try and get back to where you were. Some people really enjoy the grind; I got out of MMOs precisely for that reason. And in MMOs you generally get to keep or secure what you've already attained to a certain degree which Rust does not allow you to do.There is no tutorial, no real resources available online, so anyone who's played even a few hours more than you has an infinite edge, and you'll find yourself resetting over and over again. In my experience, gamers are unreliable so the ability to create your own map and not play with other players to get the hang of the game mechanics would be very helpful. As it stands after 5 hours play time I was still unclear on how to rotate objects for a structure.There are also incomplete instructions on items for game mechanics, and hell the refinery even mentions ore and smelting... you'd think charging $20 for a game that they can get some text descriptions correct.Overall, I was not a fan of this game. Being a working professional I have only 15-20 hours per week to play games, and having no way to secure progress to any degree other than banding together with a clan who expects you to play a certain minimum amount of time and have a certain number of hours clocked in the game is infuriating and really sucked the enjoyment out of the open world gathering and crafting.So, two very definite thumbs-down from me."
,Recommended,252490,10216195,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,2001,game made me moist. full stop. just buy it. and be moist with me.
,Recommended,252490,10788435,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Momo-Chan,nice game..fun to play ..!!EDIT: this game is turning out to be very good .....Graphics CHECKCrafting CHECKGuns CHECKVehicles still waiting for one !!!
,Recommended,252490,33776002,Posted: 24 July,all,Exit,"*fast forward 32 hours of gameplay*3 of us working together, my pro friend made a decent base, installed turrets while we were offline (aka sleeping)>wake up next to a turret♥♥♥♥♥♥ is this online?!""nah bro, it's off. added yourself to non-target list?""yea, I'm good>turn on machine gun turret>turret notices the 3rd friend sleeping on the floor in 0.1s>turret empties 10 bullets into sleeping guy>lol'd>pack dead guy's equipment into chestslet's go chop some wood>go downstairs>get♥♥♥♥ingshot from behind, killed instantlyWHAT THE FU*K>pro friend hid a turret under the stairs as well>wake up naked, with a dead woman lying at my feet, flies buzzing around the corpse9/10 threw my axe into a deer's♥♥♥♥♥and she got away with ittakes forever to load"
,Recommended,252490,9683015,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,hotage,"I built a wood shelter with a door for someone with weapons and armor. Next thing i did was bolt out of the house, close the door, and wait for a day to pass, the man was starving and dead the next morning, i looted all his stuff, and created the Christian Bale clan. We went into war with the Tuna's and wiped out their race. I looted all their stuff for myself, killed my clan, and took territoryLittle did i know, my clan organized a group to kill me, they went in screaming like native americans, came into my tower with pump-action shotguns and cloths over their heads. They killed me, looted everything, and left.10/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,252490,24292136,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,'O҉wL' r1😈t,"Dear devs;i really like your game. And i like the progress the game did in the last two years.But: The most features didn´t work for me anymore. I also didnt have the chance to enjoy the beautiful Unity5/DirectX12 landscape and engine effects because i can only go out at specific daytimes. I can´t enjoy all the wonderful designed community-/ social features. And here is the reason why:I have asmall dong.I know this sounds stupid, and i know the size doesn´t matter. But after you implemented female characters it gets harder to me. Harder in relation to the way to play.. No one wants to interact with me anymore after i dropped my pants.Before this all of my male friends ignored this handicap because we were bonded by blood and a magic rock. During this time I could compensating this flaw by playing the guitar around the campfire together with my friends.Yesterday a woman called""obbo30000 the mlg pro #GeT ReKT""punched me after i dropped my pants and her baritone voice asked me if my ""Leopold Alexander"" (yes, thatshisname) is a Unity5 engine bug or bad joke from the devs. She left me wounded while she jumped away like a beautiful unicorn.*disclaimer:the player name is the last name i remember. Maybe the named player didnt say it to me. I have other problems as to remind me of proper names.Now i´m alone in my shelter. No One left. All the new females are running around naked - all my old mates are running around naked too. I´m the only one with pants. And i wont run anymore. I didnt get any haptic feedback of my dong. It feels like nothing. It feels like phantom pain.Even the mosaic censorship reveals my dilemma.So here is my request:Please give or normal dong - or a bigger one. You could also try to make it smaller but i cant imagine that your engine can scale it smaller then it currently is. The thingy i currently have feels wrong. Its an physical issue. I have the feeling that i loose my balance because of this. Running, jumping and even walking feels bad nowadays.Second option: Please give me a new Charakter. If this is a woman, Please give me normal boobies - Neither big nor tiny ones and please a bit symetric.Third Option: Please add an dongerenlargement tool which really works. Not like the reallife fakes.Thanks for reading.Edit 08/16/16: attached screenshot as proof- for adults onlyWebsite link"
,Recommended,252490,8633926,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Serf!,"There are many fun things in this game, mostly Ding Dongs. The amount of Dingly Dongs is proportional to the amount of players on a server. Therefore you want to play on a server with many players."
,Recommended,252490,8030690,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SXViper,"This game is actually amazing especially considering it is in alpha stages right now. Admittedly it is very difficult to get started what with all of the naked men chasing after you trying to beat your head in with a rock and all. But overall this game is great, quick tip for anyone that is trying to start the game first prioity is to get cloth to make a sleeping bag so you have a spawning location to get cloth you have to kill animals. As of now animals and ore are extremely scarce so dont make a house until you find a spawning place for animals and ore. Once you find a good location make a house in a hidden place because when you log off your house is still in the server and people are running around griefing and blowing up peoples houses. OVERALL this game is amazing it is a mix of Day Z, Minecraft and Stalker. Once again this game is in alpha stages and will have many more options once the game comes out. Also quick awesome fact for all you valve fans out there this game is made by the creator of garry's mod."
,Recommended,252490,13368694,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,The Silly One,"Love it, bears are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, Wolves are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, Players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, Mother nature is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, radiation is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, But the food is good, so thats nice."
,Not Recommended,252490,20979892,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Alien,It was a good game then they had the new version. They had the old virson still playable then they got rid of it. Now its a buggy mess.
,Not Recommended,252490,34805709,Posted: 7 September,all,Sasquatch of the NW,"If you like ""The Survival Game"", i.e. Ark, Minecraft, 7days, Terraria, etc., then this a competant enough entry to that fockin catalogue of uniformity.Beyond that, the main reason why I'm gonna downvote this game is the community. Plenty of people complain about the KOS attitude and the constant murder and lack of cooperation but I understand all that. I can't complain about that, it's the game. Nah, I have to downvote this because none of the people who play this game seem to be funny.""Hur dur, ch*nk, n*gger, hurhurhur, get off my board""-Edgelords are everywhere and they're all the hottest♥♥♥♥♥♥sitting on their towers with a bolty, spamming chat with obscenities. I wouldn't be nearly as bothered if they made a joke, but you just said the word you daft tot.This game in the taint of the internet and if you're comfortable with that, go ahead. You've got narry an issue with it? Neat. But if you're just over listening to kekistani meme masters, might as well pass this one up."
,Recommended,252490,8815612,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Tyrael,Absolutely awesome survival game.  100 percent recommend this.  Join my server!Cities of Rust
,Recommended,252490,8066406,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,GlorifiedPig,"I really love the idea of Minecraft and DayZ mixed together made by Garry Newman, the creator of Garry's Mod!Although I have not played for long, I would say this game is one of my favourites, and my favourite game developer is Garry due to all of his awesome games.I wouldn't say that there is any downsides except for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs. You have an option to enable and disable almost everything.How could you not enjoy naked people chasing pigs with rocks?Even better by the fact it's made from Garry Newman, one of the only reasons I bought this game in the first place. (also the fact it's a survival game)"
,Recommended,252490,9654177,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,sp1nnak3r,"Rust is a survival game created by the creator of Garry's Mod. It's the ruthlessness of EVE Online meeting Minecraft with a dash of CS Source. The developers succeeded in creating a hostile environment, where not only nature can kill you, but more likely other players. The aim of the game is to survive.Players start out with only the basic essentials, a rock, 2 bandages and a torch. Starting this game can be quite tough and scary, but after a while you may come to see it as an opportunity. Players use then the basic tools, to gather resources and craft better tools, bases and weapons, always aiming to built a better base and gain a technological advantage in weaponry.Once a simple base has been created and some weapons have been obtained, players have various choices of how they want to play the game. Some will opt to build massive ""un-raidable"" structures, others will extort or kill people and others will try their hand at dabbling with diplomacy.Essentially Rust is what you make of it. If you expect to be spoon fed content like a zombie - Rust is not for you. But if you like the building, hunting aspect or complex human relationships, in a sandbox environment, coupled with survival you will love Rust."
76561198055854158,Recommended,252490,13961478,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pristine BlueBerry™,"For a while I enjoyed this game- I still do (occasionally) but they destroyed it for me when they ditched legacy for the piece of crud they now call ""Rust"".Pros' for me (Legacy- Screw Experimental)It has a very easy to pick up learning curve (No huge map, many resources, simple crafting system and self-explanative spawning)Not very hard to get set up on a new or an old server (regardless of play time since alot are modded to fit many playstyles)Everyone (Except abusive admins and hackers) start off the same: Rock, Bandages and a Torch (Unless you're on a server with kits- if so then it's whatever they give you)Regardless of lack of new content people DO still play legacy and they love it! Maybe they're like me and can't help but think that Garry and Facepunch really murdered the game and backstabbed the players when they created Experimental.Fun and immersive gameplay: Bandit, Bambi, Hero, Collector or builder- you can be any of these, or all of them at once! The games systems are so diverse that they make almost anything you can do (within the games coding limits) possible!Cons:Experimental in general (IT'S CRAP)Hackers (But it's inevitable only active admins can stop them now)Lack of new content (Legacy) - Brings a tear to my eye to see that legacy has been forgotten by the devsThe sometimes annoying player-base (That's inevitable too)Some game-breaking bugs (Legacy) Not many though.And finally the abusive admins (Inevitable too, but it can be stopped if you stop letting 12 year olds monitor your server)This game (Legacy version) truly deserves the £14.99 price tag, Experimental is just a really bad DLC in my opinion. Having spent nearly 1000 hours on this beloved game I can safely say without a single doubt in my mind that it is one of THE BEST games I have ever played! I will continue to play legacy, and I hope everyone who reads this will too.Without a doubt (Legacy) deserves a resounding 9/10.Experimental, regardless of my opinion deserves a 7/10But above all- DO NOT take my opinion on Experimental to heart, everyone deserves an opinion, just don't make mine your own without experiencing it firsthand.P.S. To any and all Steam users, if you ever play this game- See you on the island, and good luck!"
76561198038819538,Recommended,252490,9079363,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,pledik,RUST takoi noa
76561198007302481,Recommended,252490,8068195,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,[Falcon] Redblaster100,"I love this game. At first, I had no clue what was going on. A load of naked men running around with rocks killing one another. The next day I gave it another shot and my entire view on the game was drastically changed. Avoid the official servers like the plague. Instead, go on friends' or ""client side"" servers , which are smaller and generally have a good community of people who wish to avoid the cluster ♥♥♥♥ing in the official servers. Once I got onto this server with some friends, it all turned out to be really fun.Hunters went out in search of food at break of dawn, the workers would stay within the town walls and expand the community, the guards would man the gates and make sure everyone was properly armed and well protected, from animals such as bears , wolves , etc. But also other encampments manned by other survivors. Then began the little trips to abandoned , radiated villages, where we quickly had to make an entry and leave again with the loot , to make sure we didn't die of radiaton.Although there are creatures out there willing to kill you, it feels nothing like any other (zombie) apocalypse game. This game is really about basic survival, food , shelter from the cold , fire at night (night is actually pitch black). And to see your settlement or house slowly , slowly expand into something more , for example a trade center etc , is just a magnificent sight to behold. I recommend this game, but please try to look past it's initial impressions , and look deeper to really enjoy this title. Please also take into consideration that this game is currently in 'alpha state' which means a lot is subject to change."
,Recommended,252490,8681136,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,*Anth*,"This game is exciting to me as an alpha build your own house, raid other peoples houses Join as a group or do it solo! Starting with nothing then have everything only to loose it all again its very intense to play defiantly not for the faint hearted.You could spend a whole day making a house and weapons only to have it raided that same very night while your sleeping in real life. What comes around goes around.If this game is done right this is possibly going to be game of the year for me.But I do stress if you get annoyed easily this game is not for you! Best played with a good group of trustworthy friends for me."
76561198049947806,Recommended,252490,8925211,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,|\/|att,"GOOD GREAT GAME WELL DONE GET THIS ITS FUN LOADS OF FUN I CANT REALLY EXPLAIN HOW ITS FUN ITS JUST FUN ONE OF THOSE THINGS REALLY. WORDS THAT DESCRIBE THIS GAME: YES, GOOD,GREAT, ART,BUILD,CRAFT,ZOMBIE,DEER,STONES,FIRE!!YES THANK YOU FOR READING MY REVIEW GOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,252490,14534684,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,dAnielle^.^,"You could say that Rust is an educational survival game but it still hasn't fully developed.It is one of the best MP survival games there is and for pretty decent price.At this point of time i think that the Rust Legacy is more fun and not with as many bugs as Rust Beta, what can ruin your gaming experience.The only annoying thing that i find in Rust Legacy is the double spawn rate of mutated bears and wolfes, if we compare it to Rust Beta its nothing and you can easily get used to it.In Rust Beta there are things that can really annoy you and make you stop playing the game, like that you have to hit a rock or a tree thousand years to get any loot from it, or that now there is no good place where to get good loot from like in Legacy there are buildings with different varieties.The only thing how to do that in Beta is grinding barrels and trying to get air drops, but still both games are a lot of fun and i suggest you buying them, especially if they are continuing to develop the game and there still is a lot to come.I covered only the bad things, and don't think that there is no good in this game.RUST IS LOVE, RUST IS LIFE.RUST IS LOVE, RUST IS LIFE."
76561198027688267,Not Recommended,252490,13301005,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Zazmok,Spend your money in better ways you could burn it and you would have spent it better this game was fun at one point now its a dying cancer
,Recommended,252490,23884959,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,♥ sarah is strange [HK],"""screams..♥♥♥♥ a bear!""9/10. fun game.come n play with me"
,Not Recommended,252490,33145693,Posted: 2 July,all,Kirk \\ EmperoR [ TK ],"Game is meh, can't get hooked on it myself - Idea was 10/10, execution was 3/10 :("
,Recommended,252490,8031286,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MarsBar,"All the servers are around 300 ping if you're in UK i might just have to buy a server myself the lowest server ping ive found out of all is 67 and I lag like hell on that, its just temporary though they'll sort it out but for now I can't play.EDIT: It's fine on my Dad's PC and plays great, I have a good graphics card in my PC is may just be because my Hard Drive is full or something  but besides the issue of lag alot of people are having it is a great and addictive game, but if you lose your friends and die it is chaos to find them because the map is so vast, I've been trying to find my house on the same map for over 3 hours... xDPLEASE O PLEASE FACEPUNCH ADD A MAP TO THE CRAFTING XD !"
,Recommended,252490,9116197,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,~QG~Second ACCNT,I found a rock10/10
,Not Recommended,252490,8935629,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,☢ PhoeniX-Storms ☢,"Money and time waster untill they fix some stuff...I've been hit from distance....I've survived due to my kevlar armor set, so I cured myself with bandages and food. Since I had no guns ammunitions I've decided to hide behind a huge rock then immediately disconnected because I had to go out. When I came back in the server I lost everything and respawned at a random location, considering I've placed a bed on the top of the highest mountain few minutes before, so it was hard to find and/or destroy.  Other than that as someone has mentioned... it's a society simulator... The community if full of A55H0LE5 and CHEATERS...It will happend that you get 9/10 killed/shot by other players just for no reason...Not a survival game as it looks. You just have to kil some zombies and animals to survive then fight players.I think this games is a DEATHMATCH survival...If you want same rage quits get  this game..... Other than the community the game looks actually funny to play, still needs improvements like the bug where you loose inventory and respawn randomly.  If you're planning to play with friends on a private server that's ok. Just DO NOT PLAY on official servers or random servers... you'll only loose the will to play the game."
76561198031755397,Recommended,252490,14281284,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kittens Smittens ,"I love Rust! Its a game worth to purchase but New Rust doesn't work on Mac anymore.You can run the new Rust but it lags and freezes your Mac unfortunately now. But the Old Rust which I love to play works fine on high resolution with fastest gameplay settings. Rust still showing up in Alpha yet is a bit of disappointment. The problem with the Rust is poor coding leading to server lags; which causes the server owners to wipe the server often. And it is around $30/month server owners pay for 75-100 players slot. I feel bad about how much Rust is making money from it and still not giving VAC ban to hackers/cheaters. Admins have a lot weight on their shoulders to ban the hackers and people need to start respecting them, even though some admins abuse their power but on the server I play admins are not allowed PVP to avoid admin abuse.******* I play on this server: World War III PVP|MegaBuild|MegaLoot|25XResources|Mega Kits|War and the admins are friendly and helpful.*****If some admin is rude to you or didn't give back your loot for being raided by a hacker than you can always contact Spoderman (admin) or csellebrecht(Owner/admin)(http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129325388/). Also if you get lag ban or you feel the ban you got isn't right. Than please don't go rude on admin for the ban which you shouldn't have gotten as it did happen once with me due to lag spike or auto loot bug anti cheat. Admins are there to help you and being rude won't get problem solved faster.*** If you want to blame someone, than blame Rust developers who are not improving their coding.***Anyways TeamSpeak for this World War III server is 74.91.115.9:9987, where I love to play.#You can also vote every 24 hours for this server at:http://toprustservers.com/worldwariii(for Bolt, 2C4, LQM, WoodPlanks and 2 Supply Signals ^.^) after voting you go in game at a safe place and do: /reward and only /reward voter##First time on the server you can also do: /kit build for metal doors, bed, wood planks,etc but remember you can only do it one time after every wipe so be in a safe place to do it.###Though you can do /kit guns often after cooldowns for M4, 556 ammo, Shotun with ammo, etc.+++One thing I love about this server is the ability to teleport to some places whithout having to teleport to a friend. The teleports commands are: /tpl Hangar, /tpl Radtown1, /tpl Radtown2, /tpl Radtown3, /tpl ResourceValley, /tpl HackerValley+++***To join this server: When in-game, press F1 and paste in the following: net.connect 74.91.115.9:28075Once you have done that, hit the enter button.***PS: I am not an Admin or Owner. I love playing on this server and it is also at Rank2 in Rust servers. I would love new people come play here and drop a comment on my profile to introduce yourself and that you joined the server. I would be happy to know that someone joined becasue of reading my review :) I will comment you back on your profile with some <3I am just a girl gamer who plays on Mac hehe which people make fun of. This is what I say to them: U h8 Macbook cuz u sunA (read the bad word backwords). ^.^***************************************************************************************************THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME TO READ AND DROP A LIKE/COMMENT IF YA LIKE!"
,Not Recommended,252490,33184217,Posted: 3 July,all,Lt. Retriever,"I down voted simply because this game is still in early access and has been for nearlly 4 years now, as I got this game a month after it came out played it a few times and I wait for full release. 1 year passes; nothing. 2 years pass; nothing 3 years pass, I realise its never going to get released and now Its under my bed collecting dust & rust.Year 2030 Im looking through all my old games and then I see it Rust! Still not released/Abandoned by devs.Shame as it could have been a great game, but it was not to be."
,Recommended,252490,29296057,Posted: 16 January,all,✠sage✠,"Unless you are playing on a low-Pop PVE server this game is very difficult to learn and takes a while to get good at. This game requires not only patience and perseverance, but as well as a thick skin and the ability to be able to lose it all very easily. If you are new to this game I do not advise you play solo and/or on a high pop veteran server such as rustopia or rustafied. What I do advise is search the reddit page Rust LFG so that you can look for other people to play with.That being said, this is probably my favorite game I've ever owned. I picked it up for 10.99 December 2015 and have gotten 3k hours out of it since. Best 11 dollars I've ever spent in my opinion. I originally had seen this game aired on Vertiigos channel and he made it look so fun that I thought I'd try it. Never been a huge PC FPS or survival player, my main PC experience has been with the total war franchise since I was a kid. This was my first FPS AND survival game I ever purchased on steam. Since then I've played CSGO, the forest, 7 days to die, and the long dark. This game somehowanages to capture all the aspects you'd find in those games, and blend it into one amazing mix of a game.This game is in early access, so it is not at all perfect. There are bugs, glitches, constant updates to the game (some amazing, some lacklustre, and some got me like wtf Gary/Helk).. I've met friends on here, even some from my own city that I hang out with now if you can believe it. I've spent all night building That perfect base, or finishing picking sheet metal on a raid (kill me now). I've gotten in awrsome PVP battles where I'll go absolutely Ham and kill 6-7 guys with my AK, or I'll be chased along a beach naked by some rock collecting mongoloid. I've made allies who remember me, and enemies as well.  In the end I come back wipe after wipe.This game never gets rusty. 10/10"
,Recommended,252490,8891911,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Firestarter,*spoiler*Be warned! This game has alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not only the players themselves are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but without cloths you see♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You will spawn totally naked and with limited time you will and NEED to find food before you starve to death (still naked). The goal of this game is survival and totally not gay to play. Did I mention that there are bears in the game? Well.. They make dog sounds!10/10 game!
76561197961521535,Not Recommended,252490,28243933,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Captain Bumbus,"This game NEEDS singleplayer. because of how toxic this community is, you can't do anything without someone attacking you for no reason. So untill this game gets singleplayer, I won't recommend it"
,Not Recommended,252490,24603496,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,POOTS,"I enjoy the game itsself. However it is unplayable with this community.You will die with an average life of 5 minutes. Even when you have nothing on your character (Fresh spawn)people will shoot you. Just because they can. they gain nothing from it, you are not a threat, its just because the community is garbage. I have never played a game where the community is as toxic as this one."
76561198005528810,Not Recommended,252490,33912827,Posted: 30 July,all,Heroin,"I can not for the best of me recommend this game to any one.I come from a community that plays the Dayz Mod and Dayz Standalone and they all promised the same thing.Work together to survive and progress in the game. Build, farm and hunt.I have a few hours in this game and 99% of my experience is getting killed as a fresh spawn, being fully unarmed. The other 1% is still unarmed but with a lot of stone, wood and a building I am working on.The community seems to be absolutely obsessed with killing people to the point where they're just cruel. They don't give a damn. They'd invite you over to 'team' but kill you anyways for sh*ts and giggles.Might pick this up in a few months or so and see how it goes but I'm not optimistic.*Editing this review*Seems that this is a pretty common issue when it comes to this type of games. When you're not early enough after the whipe you're pretty much screwed."
76561198027751393,Recommended,252490,8400583,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kissy kissy ya ya | ya ya,"There is much WOW in rust. Not very stronk yet. However, Rust gives you much WOW ! !"
,Recommended,252490,8790095,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Ancient,"I'm sitting there, minding my own business and cooking chicken over a nice, warm campfire.Out of nowhere, a Miley Cyrus song starts blaring in my ear.  Overtured to the music, a roleplaying redneck screams ""SQUEAL LIKE A PIG, HONKY"" as he comes around the corner at me with a pickaxe in hand.I ran.  I ran as far as I could, with him continuing the musical and verbal assault, swinging his deadly pickaxe just inches behind my head the entire trip.Eventually, I saw only one way out.I suicided into the ocean, denying this ne'er-do-well of an honorable victory (and more importantly, my loot).11/10 will run again."
,Recommended,252490,9076633,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,luke,Killed a bear and got chicken meat out of it... 10/10
76561198075585178,Recommended,252490,20334368,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[ERC] UltimateLV,"Sees video about Rust, notices that there are naked mans.- buys the game- spawns on the beach- complains to other man that he has longer♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- kills him with rock and eats him- feels like a true caveman- dies from a bear10/10 would buy the game again."
,Recommended,252490,10736467,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SlayeRs,This game will make you paranoid beyond belief...with that being said 10/10 game
,Recommended,252490,33976223,Posted: 2 August,all,Marysa,"Oh Rust, where do I even begin. You have been the gateway to countless amazing memories and friendships. I cannot thank you enough. I have never had more fun with a game even though I'm slowly losing interest now after 1K hours. I will always come back and play casually because the pvp will always be exhilarating. Played casually or so intense that you're online 16 hours a day, Rust is a game that I recommend for anyone. You will have fun as long as you don't rage quit the first time you die as a naked. (: 10/10 fanastic game."
,Recommended,252490,13760623,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KeeChainZ,Kidnapped a group of naked people and firing squaded them.Rate: 15/10
,Recommended,252490,8536731,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jasmeme,get it
,Recommended,252490,22897449,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Admiral CrazyMarcel,"I LOVED IT WHEN IT WAS A SIMPLE BUILDED GAME!! But now.. shaders, grass, pumpkins EVERYTHING. My computer can't do that without exploding :cHave fun with that game and your good computer ;)"
76561198069440137,Recommended,252490,8068431,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Windows Lord,"Hello dear developers . Since this game is in alpha version, I suggest you a couple of his ideas , such as in the beginning , you appear in the game world and gradually climb up , ie collect the necessary things to survive and create items , so from the usual stone in his hands can reach pistols SMG and shotguns . But I want to note that the construction of houses remains the same, the same boards and wooden walls - it's like? In your players will be shotgun and indestructible house of boards ?) I propose on this occasion to make a game that some brick walls, foundation, roof , and so on ."
,Recommended,252490,8722315,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Hunned Shots,"This is a very epic game :D You get to beat up pigs and cook chicken in a fire all day, lol. Watch out for people with black gear they are very poweful and will kill u without merzy :D I have played about 80 hours and i have a nicwe 2 story house whrer i live wit my best buddioe that i found out in the woods while we were both hunting pigs and we have had many lols in our house whiule cookin chiken by the fire :D Sometimes we have epic poartys where we invite people into our houise and give them free ciken and then beat them up with our hatchets haha :D lol. This game also has very beautiful graphics(prolly the best i have vere seen) and i am not playing on the highest graphix since my comp is not really good but i am hoping that i will get anew soon(lol i entered a competition whre they are giving away a brand new comp with intel i5 processor nand nice nvidi card and 15gb of ram wouild really help me play video games better if i qwould win that hahaha so i will not tell what comp it is so u guyz cant enter it since i really need it lol haha) watch out for hackerz since they can walk thru ur wall and kill u with aiumbot real easy >:( but they are gettin wac banned so haha lol jk on them when they lose out 19e of money(that is how much the game cost) bbut my review is now done and i really recomend the game if u like to play video games with other people, then this game will be very good for u(reminds me abit of world of warcraft where u gather alot of stuff and fight bears out in the wild and meet random people and become friends with them)"
,Recommended,252490,8653437,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mochilla X,The latest in a series of games from developer Garry Newman revolving around breaking the bases of 12 year olds and hearing them cry about it over the mic.
,Recommended,252490,8578067,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Shaky,"Fantastic Game, Come Join us on our server ie ""Worldwide PVP, UK Server, Noobs Welcome""great pvp and fun ;) see yous there"
,Recommended,252490,9791818,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,mkHenny,yu cen kill people wth rok 10/9 do reccomend
,Recommended,252490,8607976,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,PierreC,"I'm buying this game so me and my friends can gather in a small community and play cross-platform. However, I'm using a Mac and it just wouldn't work at all. The game would start, and it would connect into the server for 2 minutes or until I draw anything out. The Windowed and Fastest trick doesn't work.I tried to play it on Windows and it's a fantastic game though. But too few feature. If we're not gonna kill each other and live in a peaceful world, you'll get bored when you have a 6 stories metal house. And after saving too much resources and farming like crazy, I lost track of my server, there was nothing in History...I have to admit the idea was quite addictive, but please develop it more guys... Or you'll get more bad reviews and the game will be astray..."
,Recommended,252490,8724007,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Radical Boy,Naked men keep beating me to death with rocks.It's really hot.10/10
,Recommended,252490,9730365,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,★N★star,"Was pretty good before, now it's meh.Doesn't really deserve a thumbs down, but if you have any reservations I would try some other more inventive takes on the genre instead."
76561198259580126,Recommended,252490,28937875,Posted: 2 January,all,Sir,"Rust, Rust is a PVP hardcore survival type of game . A motto you should go with in Rust is dont trust anyone. If you have ever raged so much at a game multiply that by 10 and that could be how angry you get at Rust! But it is so rewarding when you come out of a raid or gun fight with a bunch more loot than what you had before.Rust is fun, rewarding and so rage inducing and its those 3 things that make Rust, Rust.Rust is much funner and easier with friends so if you have a group of friends who have Rust give it a go and let your friends teach you! :) Or look up youtube videos for everything, but you will learn a lot by playing the game! (if geared people dont gang up on you.)I do reccomend Rust if you like hardcore survival games or even if you want to try something new.(i havent nearly done much because of geared guys but dont worry the naked stage is the hardest and once you get past it you will be going much smoother, for a bit.) I reccomend if your new to the game (like i was) practice on a server with little to none people on it so you get the feeling of the gameI rate it 8/10 (it still has some bugs in it of course)"
,Recommended,252490,18126639,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Cosmos,Awesome Game! I Highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes survival PvP.
76561197961434624,Recommended,252490,14456181,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Aurora,Pro's: Base raiding / Crafting system / Base building systemCon's: you have to stay active with the game or you'll get your base raided / Still under heavy development/ Gets repedative.I'd say its worth the money
,Not Recommended,252490,24024338,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Marcelloz071,"Meh, getting killed 4 times the first 10 minutes, just because and for no reason is just not my kind of game. So not recommended for those looking for a nice game to play. Better put your $$ elsewhere. Last time I heard some child shouting ""I'm gonna kill you, I already killed 3"" ... right.Unfortunately I could not refund because I already had farmed the cards. Oh well. Let my body rot away."
76561197961529946,Not Recommended,252490,14709280,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,rapuLahnae,"Hello!Why THE ♥♥♥♥ you release update that craches multiply times in half hour?! Maybe you should do more bugfixing before releasing BROKEN patch that can't be even played properly! Maybe I should stop waiting for playable patch and start finding another game to play! FFS!Sincerily,Angry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Not Recommended,252490,23803385,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Larry Hoover,Win 10x6416 GB RAMGeForce GTX650TiIntel Core i74 FPS.RUST!Dont play in this♥♥♥♥♥♥please! Rust Legacy Forever!
76561198030848787,Not Recommended,252490,22365239,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,StarvinDarwin,"If you want a game that is about authentic survival then just move along.  Everything is about pvp. I holed up ina shack in a desert and got a warning saying its -7 degrees my hp dropped by 2 out of a hundred. I went skinny dipping in a river -7 and just kept running like nothing happened.If you want a game with automatic weapons, pistols and warfare it might be ok. But there are alo of other games that are far superior to rust."
,Not Recommended,252490,24637735,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kaelum97,"I'm sure you all know. The game as it stands right now is ruined. Pointless for a solo player, pointless for a new player as well because they will never get to the stage where they want to join a clan because they will quit the game before they even consider it."
76561198044364226,Recommended,252490,19019906,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sue~,Got murdered and cannabalized by a tribe of naked men with ak47's10/10 Rust is the future of gaming
,Recommended,252490,23698651,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Lords of Misery,good
76561198047852653,Recommended,252490,28457113,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bear McBearington,Rust life is the only life.
,Recommended,252490,16827518,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Divinity,"Rust is about survival. I spawned in a new world, with only a rock and my long wiener. Two minutes later I got attacked by a bunch of crazy naked guys. It seems that they only wanted me for my delicious body, as they asked me to bend over and just let it happen. I've never felt this dirty in my entire life, but it was worth it. Rust is love, Rust is life."
,Recommended,252490,19153890,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jam is hot,i have been playing rust since the first beta for it came out and it has been amazing seeing what the devs can do this would be the best sandbox fps shooter everi also like how they've now added skins for the guns
,Recommended,252490,8032498,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Draegast,"I know the naked men and cave men references can be funny. But this game isn't a joke, it's a beautiful piece of work and only going to improve with time. If you enjoy the risk of zombie survivals but the creation of things like minecraft this game blends both very well together. The map, although simple is well done and quite big even for 100 player servers. I have a hard time believing this is done in Unity.For $19.00 this is a steal I have already clocked 14 hours and I'm only on day 2, and theres never been a dull moment.I also review games so if you want to see my spotlight for this game the link is below.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpm5yYPoLpo&feature=share&list=UUf2ocK7dG_WFUgtDtrKR4rw"
,Recommended,252490,8714035,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,humanvegetableonline2002,"First server, I died 10 times in 58 minutes.But I continued to play in ANOTHER server that was not full of suicide hackers. Game's like 3D Minecraft with guns. Pretty fun.After further playthrough, I feel very, very molested. I've tried to play like a human being showing compassion and mercy towards others but I am constantly killed by everyone around me. The hatred inside of me burns brighter every day and it is consuming my soul. I am slowly becoming the very monsters I am surrounded by. Today, the monsters destroyed my base and robbed me blind taking days of supplies.10/10 Would play again to die a horrible, depressing, and indignant death.After even further playthrough, I am a god. People come to me to die.I am become death."
76561198023047275,Not Recommended,252490,9297018,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,gatemaster64,"rust is a online survival game, where your only goal is to survive.you gather wood and stone and build a house, or a shack.then you try to make your house larger, and build a base.you will also need to find food.These are the main things you want to aim for in rust, but that is easier said then done in this game!when i first started playing Rust i really liked it. that feeling stayed with me for a long time that was mainly because i had a friend with me. If you have no friends to play this game with, then you will have a really hard time in this game.but even with a friend at your side this game can frustrate you to death!me and my friend had a pretty good time, we were getting a good homebase and had much supplies.but that changed when 2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s raided our camp and were just trying to annoy us. this is the reason i do not recommend this game.ofcourse i tried to go on with this game but that just takes too much time and effort.i mean i still have a life! most gamers do not want to spend hours on a homebase and then losing everything you have.this is not necessarily a bad game but the people who are just bandits in this game will ruin this game for most gamers.this game is still in earlly acces and it will stay that for a long time, so rust can still make a good game, but if that ever happens it will be a long time from now because a lot things in this game will need to change!"
,Recommended,252490,29181228,Posted: 11 January,all,Mysti,"My first experience of rust in a nutshell:- downloads game- takes like 10 min- opens game- crashes- starts rust again- joins a server- asks in chat ""what does the rock do""- gets some wood- stone breaks- forgot to get stone- kills myself- spawns again- gets killed instantly and the guy screams get rekt a multiple times- tells a friend to get it- friend doesnt know♥♥♥♥♥♥- builds a house- make a super big base- profit(this game is rly hard if you're playing this game the first time alone)"
76561198107367515,Recommended,252490,13206032,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,AusTheBoss,Best game ever. literally the homosexual simulator. New rust sucks though...
,Recommended,252490,8550482,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Chronox.at,"Although this game is still in beta...wait WHAT? It's still in ALPHA?!Of course you'll notice performance-wise that it is in Alpha-stage (Minimal animations, lack of character variation: we all look the same except when you have clothes on aka NOT NAKED, strange lighting phenomenon in the night, no story, I died once trying to jump through a box that stood in the way of magical ""falling"" damage, whatever animal you hunt down you'll always get CHICKEN MEAT etc...)BUT DON'T GET ME WRONG. This game FEELS already AWESOME. You jump into the game, you spawn randomly somewhere in a huge island and immediatly your instincts take over: SURVIVAL. You are searching for food, for resources to make better tools, and with those tools you're trying to make better weapons so you can hunt animals that are faster than you, like a bow taking down a deer from the distance and ultimately make your very own Shelter. Or even a Fortress! Resources like Stone, spawn randomly on the map, I know it doesn't make any sense at first but as I played along it makes very sense: By making the resources few, scarce and rare, it makes you feel really happy to find a mining spot. PLUS there is a plane DROP which contains super rare loot which triggers automatically a race with the other survivor, with other players.Which makes us jump to the PVP part. This is where this game shines and make you forget that it is still in ALPHA version. This is where your emotions play crazy things with you. One time you play it's very slow paced, everyone you see is minding their own survival bussiness, yes almost calm and relaxing, and the other time you are chilling in your house and suddenly someone is asking if there is ""someone in there?"" and then you hear hell breaking out: A massive shootout right in front of your house between two gangs!! This intense decision making is very humanish. What do you do? Do you flee? Or do you want to try to ninja loot those gang corpses to find better loot, of risking your own hard earned loot? Do you stay in your house and stay quiet in hope the GANGS don't even realise that you're in there?...But what if you get caught? Even if I get caught maybe they will raid my house and steal everything?...These intense decision making process is one hell of a emotion rollercoaster experience. The reson you are going through this processes is because you want to outsmart other people, you want to have security to build up your little empire, you want to find friends or enemies to get better loot. Whichever way you may choose, there is one motive that drives you to play more:IT'S SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST.Summary:(Considering this is still ALPHA-STAGE)Cons: -Minimal Animations-Lack of character variety-Only chicken meatNote: I'm sure though that the cons will be eliminated as the game develops!Pros: +The game pace varies everytime HOW you play the game+ Crazy emotional rollercoaster+ Makes you forget that it is still in ALPHA STAGE"
,Not Recommended,252490,16957603,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Regnion,"Others have said, as will I- this game is unplayable if you want to solo survive, online. And even if you have friends, across time zones, it is a constant, never-ending job to protect your assets. People play to be competitive, so they simply kill you on the spot and take whatever you have of value, if anything. You can't play solo, because your home will be found, and it will be raided. If its obvious it's empty, it will either be destroyed for lolz, or they'll visit regularly until they feel its worth raiding.It's completely pointless. You can pour hours into the game and have it undone very quickly, any attempt to play as a trader or mind your own business and enjoy the gameplay will result in being killed outright. If you want to play solo, singleplayer, with your own server, I guess you can enjoy it, but the gameplay itself doesn't offer much on its own. Tedious, time-consuming."
76561198002586109,Not Recommended,252490,32794160,Posted: 25 June,all,-|TBG|-  l_SLaPSHoTz_l,"If your not playing in a group of 5 or more, your done. its no fun. everyone is a piece of sh*t and kills you for walking past them, impossible to start having fun...."
,Recommended,252490,10617758,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Microsoft Powerpoint,I don't like to waste my time playing games that I don't like.I have 300+ hours on this game.
76561198036688096,Not Recommended,252490,21111121,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,adulf hatler,"If you like grinding for ressources for hours just for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to kill you and start again, buy this game. Also, the community sucks. The only way this game would be playable is if it you could play alone ofline."
76561197971888354,Not Recommended,252490,28233087,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TOPSPY007,"Let me summarise in 1 sentence.Survival of the people with most friends who practices group masterbation and have no life outside this game then waits every week for the exact minute of the server wipe so when you finally comeback to play a new map in the evening after a day at office, the duckers already have assault rifles and full HQM armor set then proceeds to humiliate, intimidate and finally murder you all for your wooden spear, stone hatchet and 2 cloths whilst taunting on the microphone and describing what are loser you are, yet, your tax pays for their social welfare cheque and ultimately their game time so, all in all, makes you wonder - why bother?"
,Recommended,252490,16181537,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,.k20,"Best Game, Its worth the Money!!"
76561198310346212,Recommended,252490,34417313,Posted: 22 August,all,DaR1Us,"Fun game , good graphics."
76561198042306265,Not Recommended,252490,22586127,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Däyum,lol 3 years in early access and still not a full game
76561198007043901,Not Recommended,252490,14127911,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sir Englitch Ficklebottom,It was cooler with zombies.
,Recommended,252490,14087158,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mmm Deelicious,"Day 1: I awake from my slumbers of intense hibernation to come face to face with an orgy of naked men screaming and yelling at each other while trying to bludgeon each other to death with rocks by the delta.Day 3: I finally make my trek across a blazing desert and through a forest to the base of a mountain where i start my foraging for food and shelter.Day 4: I have finally set up a inhabitable home and secure area.Day 7: A traveling vagrant comes to my front door knocking asking if i want a free handjob for supplies. I Tell him to go away. He refuses so we come to an agreement hat ill give him supplies to leave. I Drop wood and cloth out my window. He leaves.Day 13: I am surrounded there's no where else to run to. The Vagrant i gave supplies to has come back with a small village of people. The nights are terrifying, I can here screams from people being tortured from the woods.Day 16: I havent left my house in 3 days starvation is kicking in.Day 17:  I Leave my house to scavange for some food. I am hunted down by the vagrant and his cannibal village.Day 19: I have run many miles away from my home and i think i lost the cannibals. I Have mange to take out the Vagrant leading them. So it will be some time before the have a new leader.Day 21: The day has come sooner than I thought and they are more fierce than ever. I will not make it out of hereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
76561198072673087,Not Recommended,252490,17329376,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,bobbylopez94,This is game is great. But if your a mac user don't buy it. Check on the forums about the game till the issuses about the game are fixed. Then buy it
76561198137740814,Not Recommended,252490,20102258,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,My Boyfriend,"This game is basically a terrible in all ways possible, the graphics arent the best, the lag is like hell, & literally everyone who is not your friend (& hell sometimes even your friend) are trying to kill you."
,Not Recommended,252490,25600309,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,so many cheats
,Recommended,252490,19694563,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,LUL,Naked man with a spear chases me and throws his spear at naked me but misses. I take his spear and chase him and throw the spear. I miss. He chases me with the spear and throws it. He misses. I pick it up and toss it at him. But i missed. I don't even know why I'm still typing this anymore you get the point.10/10 Would miss more spear tosses
,Not Recommended,252490,24340766,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Extra_Random,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░Rust░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,252490,10490006,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mikjaash,ur a nekkid dude in a forest and trying to suriveve nekkid against other pleyers who r also nekkid and u bash them with rocks because they are nekkid and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050895598,Not Recommended,252490,13842814,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Accidentally =],"Desperate and hopeless when you devoted hours and hours of gameplay building a stone house, and you soon realize that it is only a joke and you loss everything because of cheaters frequently visit your house. How they manage? Go through walls, occupy your place and steal all you ve got which you spent hundreds hours earning.If they don't manage to fix the bug, this game will only decay by itself at superme speed, turning players' feeling from amazed to hatred. Certainly, with such bug, this game doesn't deserve a $19.99."
,Not Recommended,252490,8699822,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Zastavan,"Got it new and its still 3 year old early access trash. Its not fun beyond an hour at this point as the genre is extremely time consuming and unrewarding and Rust is no diffrent. You either bully people or are a bully generally.Its a walking simulator trash game. You try to build something up only to die over and over and over. It is not fun, the shooting and fighting still feels like utter garbage.The games only fun if you have friends, but then its not the game you will be enjoying in that case. Heres the downside of steam, I'm stuck owning this trash for the rest of the life of this steam account. I can't even sell it for a couple bucks.Its also tempermental and poorly optimized. Dousn't look very good and runs very poorly and had some horrible crashing/freezing when trying to change some settings in game. It hogs up RAM like crazy while it didn't seem to hardly stress the CPU I have.  Its just more trash from Garry that will never be ""finished""."
,Not Recommended,252490,17213475,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,momo,"Was fun at first. Then you realize ""I have a life, I cant play this game as much as other people. I am wasting my existence playing another stupid early access survival game. I could be making money, making friends, and finding love"". Its a waste of time. especially since you have to go to bed at some point and thats when theyll get ya."
,Recommended,252490,13480966,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GrymThor88,"Best Game EVER.Became addictedBuilt awesome things.Got featured in the Community Dev Blog four times.Gained celebrity status.Was called Godly, and a Norse God.Banned from shopping centres due to women throwing their panties and phone numbers at me because of said celebrity status.10/10 would do it again."
,Not Recommended,252490,17425695,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Dizznasty,"This is the worst game on the steam market. Just a bunch of ""shoot on sight"" and ""raid everydamnhut i see"" little kids. I've given this game so many chances. People don't even see that potential of maybe role playing to make the servers more interesting. But instead they want a toxic environment. DONT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR TIME. Of the 97 hrs i put into it, ALL of them have been wasted getting resources and building a base, JUST to get raided by ppl who don't seem to understand what fun it COULD be to work together. 1/10"
76561198071032644,Not Recommended,252490,29881835,Posted: 12 February,all,[TFB]  theMiner21,its a good game at its core survival but the kos is just too bad for players to play alone so now you must have a group of friends compared to the old days of rust now you must kill anyone and everyone iven if they arent a threat thats why this is thumbs down.
76561198226552372,Not Recommended,252490,15688878,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Shrim,"stupid game i farmed over 2000 barrels ME ALONE didnt even play the damn game just farmed barrels and put sleeping bags at all rad towns because people around me have EVERYTHING fighting against us with full armor spent 4 days straight almost a zombie state just to get a defence going and still nothing all i find at rad towns are torches and bone fragments its a very stupid game i think you are better off playing the lotto, because its a full luck game its not skill based at all the scrublords nextdoor have full armor and aks while i have no guns and no armor after 4 days of straight barrel/radtown farming and thats not to mention the 4 guys who are with me doing the same, best thing we found is revolver and eint no way im going to defeat even 1 full armored with an ak, so again its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i think many people will quit unless they implement the research bench or a research kit for the time being dont waste ur time in this silly game unless u plan on being SUPER LUCKY only way u can win."
,Not Recommended,252490,31415579,Posted: 28 April,all,sex nigeria,all of my friends' willies are bigger than mine
,Recommended,252490,19019791,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,kachiga,This game is amazing! My friends and I play it all the time and never get tired of it.
,Not Recommended,252490,34021102,Posted: 4 August,all,Consepter,"Honestly, this game sucks. Just absolutely blows but people keep coming back, want to know why?-YOU CANT GET ENOUGH OF IT-Many things about this game is amazing and great. When I started out in the (Blueprint System) back in 2015 -I came to love that version of rust than the game now in 2017- But they turned this into and game for the new players instead of the old ones so that they can bump up their sales.Pros-Great game to waste your time-Fun PVP and PVE-Great graphicsCons-Autistic and your daily intake of cancer (Community)-Feels much like a job-Guns get nerfed once the community cries about something about it (Buffs another gun for no reason)-Crossbow and pipe nerfed #DidNotNeedToHappen-Twig and Ladder build up-Quarries uselessConclusionThe game is there, it has potential. I just cant say that it is going in the right direction at the moment, instead of fixing their broken game, they will just add a new gun or add a new mechanic instead of fixing their old ones and that is why the game has lost 60k population after the blueprint system was taken out of the game. I do beleive they are trying to make the game much better for the new players and make the game worse for the old players."
,Recommended,252490,34787548,Posted: 6 September,all,Lim.,"After playing this game for a couple of months now. I can now say that the game is stable and seems extremely close to launching the full game. Rust is getting to that 'perfect' stage, where the recoil is easy to adapt to, Bradley is here, controlling the amazing loot inside the launch site. Also, every week I am so excited to find out what has been added for the fresh wipe, sometimes it's a great addition and other times it is adaptable (like the twig update). Rust is a great game to get into at the moment and is my favourite game to play with friends.Keep up the great work, rust devs."
,Not Recommended,252490,30473096,Posted: 12 March,all,oraNje ★,The definition of cancer. Worst community ever.
,Recommended,252490,11591270,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Cujo,Met a guy named Jukebox. Traveled the island together bring joy to everyone. I murdered Jukebox with a rock because he wouldnt give me chicken. 11/10
,Recommended,252490,9035062,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Bafooba (soontobeback),SO THERE'S NAKED DUDES AND♥♥♥♥♥♥AND HITTING ROCKS WITH TREES.NO MORE ZOMBIES (like wtf amirite?)GUNS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥GHETTO♥♥♥♥♥REVOLVER.SWAG♥♥♥♥♥KEVALAR.SLEEPERSAND BEARS THAT DROP CHICKEN BREAST.OH YEAH AND YOU HAVE TO SURVIVE.
,Not Recommended,252490,31109534,Posted: 12 April,all,xRasp,DON'T PLAY THIS GAME OR YOU WONT HAVE A LIFE. PLEASE.
,Not Recommended,252490,15835148,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Scouter51st,"I'm really disappointed with  the direction this game has taken and aside from that the lack of responsibility on the servers( in more simple words, the amount of hackers) Perhaps there might be something in the future but at this point it's chicken scratch compared to many other survival games. (Basically this at the moment is hunger games done so poorly I would refer to Minecraft on how to make a good hunger game mod)"
,Recommended,252490,20844077,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DamageInc.,"Still a bit of content needs added and balance added to the game , but i must say i am enjoying it a lot .at its early release state the optimization is quite good and runs real smoothe if you meet the requirements .the latest update added some great content , looking forward to seeing how the game progresses in time .for those who love survival games this one will test your wits and paitence and rage levels :Pthe blood pulsing in your viens during a raid is something to keep you coming back for more ."
,Recommended,252490,14409369,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JayEarthling,"(my hours, help)i spawned in for the first time and i found a kind man, he promised me chicken back at his house. I followed him and he locked me in his closet, i then became his oral sex slave. After many hours of the abuse, i saw my oppurtunity to escape and i did. Got eaten by a bear 5 minutes later. 10/10 would play for another 300 hours."
,Recommended,252490,13550749,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DXCT,"Me an Achiorigins were building the sick♥♥♥♥♥base once on a server. We kept getting stronger and stronger, but one day, the flying russian hackers invaded. We fought a long and honorable fight, but lost. We lost the two towers we had spent 2 weeks on, and I have not returned, til now. The ruins are still there. So much sad.9/11 would play again."
76561198156189959,Not Recommended,252490,17600949,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,cooldude,this game is great i love it but the players are soo freaking crap litteraly almost everyplayer well kill a fresh spawn for no reason and rub it in there faces of how bad they suck and they well raid your base you were building in the past 3 hours of playing this i tried building 3 bases they all got raided haff way into building it i mean i understand raiding to get materials but they well break your base claim it steal it and then go in chat and be like thinks for the base :) litteraly rage quite after my third attempt of making a base and i dont like how the servers are wiped so you lose all your stuff you worked for but i cant understand without it all the servers would be crouded with bases
,Not Recommended,252490,26429210,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fluke,this game still needs to be worked on as they introduce random systems that get worse and worse by the updates. they need to listen to the public opinion and bring back the bp system. overall this game is about a 4/10
76561198084283414,Recommended,252490,30000067,Posted: 17 February,all,Tiny_Rick,is verry good game 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,252490,8676166,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dylaloon,Most Amazing game you will ever play buy it and give it to it hard. My friend bought it 18 hours ago and he has 13 hours played.
,Recommended,252490,19352014,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,flyinsub,I WILL KILL U WITH A ROCK M8
,Recommended,252490,9443917,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,The Hole,It's coo'
,Recommended,252490,8798135,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DaT Cake,"If you want to buy this game just make sure you have at least a half decent cp or it will not go to plan.I currently have it on my laptop which is quite laggy even with the settings down. However this game is in beta so there adding commands that will turn more settings off even more like ""grass.on false"" and more things like this. I am just hoping I can play this game and get my £15.00 pounds moneys worth in the future. I love the idea of this game and it is very good.Very fun and unique. Recommended if you have something that can run it properly"
76561198030398902,Recommended,252490,9336142,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Gooru,"I was on the fence about buying Rust. I finally bought a copy and I am glad I did.What happened next? I bought my nephew a copy as well.Short version: This game is a treat and worth buying, even in alpha. See details below for lengthy explanation.The good:1) You start out naked with a rock.2) From the start you can craft survival items including shelter, door, bow, arrows, homemade blunder-buster (shotgun), and cloth armor.3) You can find blueprints to learn new crafts such as an F1 Grenade.4) You can find research kits to learn how to craft any item that you found.5) You can build a base as large as you want.6) You have to be careful around other players, you don't know if they want to kill you (yes that is a good thing, it actually makes for suspense).7) The graphics are actually pretty good.8) Small download. The game itself is only like 1GB.9) It's only in Alpha and the game is already pretty fun.10) You can explore and find new areas.Airdrops come at random times (I've never actually gotten an airdrop but it is intense to run after one and see if you can get it).11) You can find crates and containers that respawn with random stuff in them like blueprints, ammo or even a gun.12) You can voice chat with players nearby.13) The time it takes to gather and build is actually pretty fast (I got killed a few times, 2 server wipes and was able to re-establish pretty quickly).14) No leveling. I can't tell you how tired I am of RPGs and other games based around leveling your character. This takes away from the skill required to play a game and bases it around grinding to get ahead. In Rust, if your smart you can survive, despite how long you have been playing. Also, if you find an advanced weapon or blueprint, you can use it right away. You are not restricted a stupid leveling system. Also this lets you compete equally with veteran players. They can be killed too; although this will be harder because they may have kevlar armor, metal buildings and experience on how to survive and kill. However, its nothing a little persistence, chance or grenade can't alter.The bad:1) As I am editing this review, I can no longer place wood foundations to build a new building. This detracts from the gameplay quite a bit. So if you buy this game, you can expect to have to deal with unplayable glitches like this. I still would recommend buying it though because this kind of thing is expected in Alpha. It will probably be fixed soon and there is a lot of fun to be had apart from this feature being messed up.2) I recently played on an official server that was almost full. The ping was only 76 but the lag in game was so bad I had to quit. I would be running and then teleport backwards. This was happening often.3) Any server that is populated beyond like 7 people usually will have some jerks roaming and killing on site.4) It gets tedious, mundane, and boring to start completely over and have to work from scratch if you are raided, the server is wiped or you have to switch a sever because you can no longer build.5) The intensity of trying to stay alive can cause stress on your body in real life. You may become tense and suffer from sore muscles. I find myself stopping a lot to listen for foot steps or I take wide detours to avoid being seen. This can make it take much longer to collect resources or travel to certain destinations.There are some things I would like to see improved and I hope will be fixed by the full release:1) Sometimes when pressing keys to switch from a weapon to a tool, the game does not acknowledge the switch.2) Twice a server locked up on me. Once they had to wipe all progress and the other time I lost like 2 - 3 minutes of gameplay but kept all my progress.3) What you are holding is not always replicated in what other players see. For instance you could be holding a pickaxe but it looks to other players like you are holding a hatchet. You could be holding a shotgun but it looks to other players like you have an assault rifle.4) Sometimes, but not often, the game will lag for a second when loading terrain or other player's positions.5) You get chicken breast from any creature you kill. It should be fixed to be called meat.I also want to dispel some negative comments made by previous reviewers; mainly because their comments are what made me hesitate to buy. Now everything I have to say is based on playing on community servers, I never played on an official server. I understand my gameplay experience could differ quite a bit from other players.#1 I never once came across a hacker or had significant reason to believe there was a hacker.#2 Most players I ran into did not shoot on site, or try to kill me (but you have to be cautious. I saw players building their shelters next to the road. You are an easy target if you build out in the open.)#3 It doesn't take that long to gather resources, unless you hack trees to get wood. (You can get wood from trees but you get only 1 for each swing. You can get 20 wood from a wood pile with one swing of a pick.)#4 Other noobs cannot easily kill you. It is hard to hit a moving target with a rock, a stoneaxe, a hatchet or a bow. You can easily run from anyone who doesn't have a gun. This significantly increases your chances for survival. (My first 7 hours of gameplay I did not die once, except when I walked into the water. I had to know:-)#5 This game is nothing like minecraft. I played minecraft and was bored out of my mind. How can you compare a game, where your head is a single block, to Rust, where you get to survive on a lush landscape. In minecraft editing the terrain and building is the focus of gameplay. Rust, the focus is in surviving, this can mean building a base. Minecraft graphics are very, very poor. Rust's graphics are modern.Tips for noobs:1) Run if you see a player with a gun.2) Stay in the rocks. Only harvest what you need. Don't get greedy. The longer you stay in the open, the better target you make of yourself.3) Don't build your freaking house next to the road!4) Don't run too far from where you see buildings, roads or resources. The map is freaking huge and most of it is unpopulated. You will get lost. Everything looks the same. There are like 7 or more different mountain ranges. (I did this, and tried to back track. My nephew ended up jumping off a mountain to kill himself and it took me 3 hours of running to find our base. Trust me, you don't want to hold Shift+W for three freaking hours straight!)5) Stay clear of big houses/castles. The players who own these are bored and will just kill you for fun... over and over and over again.6) Don't try to kill a player with a gun when you do not have one. He probably also has kevlar armor and medkits. You have no chance... even if you outnumber him.7) Don't use your torch at night unless absolutely necessary and only for a little bit. (You will light up like a light-bug and everyone around will know where you are. The jerks will hunt you down.This is the funnest survival game I have played. So, if you are considering buying this game after reading the reviews, then you should probably buy it."
76561198062327741,Recommended,252490,9883743,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kv,"This is my first review on steam for any game, but i felt like i should write a review simply because this game has brought me so many hours of tremendous gameplay. As it clearly states its in alpha, so if youre not willing to put up with some hackers and some bugs then this is not the game for you. It is not an easy game to just pick up for the first time, it takes some learning and some getting used to, its very punishing at time but is so rewarding if you put forth the time and effort to get good. I'd recommend to play with friends it makes the gameplay 100x better and easier to survive in this hostile enviroment where you see how evil people really can be in a video game. I have nearly 400hours on this game and i only paid 20$ for it, i would pay 60$ for this game even in its current state! 10/10"
76561198015445317,Recommended,252490,9094047,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hydra,BEST GAME MY GRANDMA EVER LICKED.
,Recommended,252490,8991627,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rustychopsticks,i had sex with naked men then was killed by another man woth a shotgun 10/10
76561198125801809,Recommended,252490,10330362,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jen,Love this game!
,Recommended,252490,9297195,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Rockit14,"It is a amazing game to play with friends. Many people compare it to minecraft but, I think it is a whole lot more :D. Although they took out zombies I still think it is a great game... Maybe they should add aliens to the game... that would be fun :D Well anyways I think u should download it."
,Recommended,252490,10223394,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ReNeGaDe',♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,252490,9086285,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Gordy the Ghost,"Let me start with I LOVE THIS GAME! To me it is like a drug that I can't get enough of and a lot cheaper than a drug habit. For its current alpha state it contains minimal bugs. The environment is intiguing and expansive. But it's really the people that make this game fun. You can build a home anywhere and make it as raid proof as you can but there is always that feeling ""when I log off, will everything be gone when I get back?"" It doesn't sound ideal but it adds a level of worry that you would feel in a real survival situation. If you do get raided then it gets interesting. You start over and you know what? YOU RAID THAT FOOL! It is a vicious circle of fear, betrayal, and revenge. Every server is a capitalist society where you fight to be on top and fight to keep it that way. This game is in no way easy but entertaining as hell. I highly recommend it"
,Recommended,252490,8768970,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,PSYCHO,amazing game a hybrid between dayz and minecraft. bags of fun esecially with friends
,Recommended,252490,9872951,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gaffer - Charlie,"This is yet another amazing game by facepunch.After a while of being shot to death eaten alive and breaking my legs I met a noob like me named Sam I Am.He leads me to a group of people that are friendly and they give me resouces such as guns,wood and bullets etc. We change server and we get full kevlar and m4s. Now we are the most knowen group on the server ;D"
76561198017380363,Recommended,252490,9174361,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,EdogDock,"It has a ton of bugs and hackers making life hard for everyone, but i guess thats why im so addicted to it because its so damn hard to be good at it without cheating."
76561198070466447,Recommended,252490,9123374,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Slashcroft,"Tried to sell a man some tasty pig-chicken, he chased me for 20 miutes before brutally murdering me and taking my pig-chicken for free. A valuable life lesson has been learnt.10/10"
76561197970410111,Recommended,252490,9168400,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,bzzz,Most addictive game I've played in a while. Buy it!
,Recommended,252490,8387712,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vlad,very cute n sex
,Recommended,252490,11239294,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,NooBalishious,"Rust is a great game but if it's a survival/interactive game it's supposed to have disasters, changes to the earth, able to swim and other stuff. But other than that it's AWESOME! Just keep updating and keep the community lively.*~Noobalishious~*"
76561198044391461,Recommended,252490,9567878,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Corpsegrinder,"After 6+ hours on a server gathering resources and constructing a house, I came across a player wandering on a road, I promtly shot him with a P250 and killed him. As it turns out he was an admin and banned me for using aimbot (even though I wasn't)10/10 Great Admin Abuse."
,Recommended,252490,8917528,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,PrincessSwan,Whats better than getting to see little genitals other than your own?11/10
76561198014541001,Recommended,252490,19041698,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,TonMarton,"Undoubtably my greatest game expeience of all time, and I hada few belive me...You and your friends spend hours trying to estabilish a safespot to have a place where you can store your materials, research new item blueprints, to gain protection against other players.While you are trying to develop your base, other teams of players will do the same. If they are more eager to gather materials, to farm blueprints or build extra defence lines.If they will feel ready, they ll all gear up and attack your base...They will probably destroy your walls, steel your materials, even if you are online and there at the window with your ak shooting bullets at them, they might get in, or just sneak through the defence line if you were careless enough to leave your base's back badly protected.You will then hope they didnt get permission to your building and you can repair your base easily, or you will have to get your pickaxe and hatchet and start farming again.Why this game is incredibly good, is the basic concept. You let around 200 people to a island, where they are not bound by any restriction, they can attack their teammates, group up with random peoples or decide to craft a guitar while their mates are farming and annoy the neighbours.Rust will keep you in a constant tension in the good way. Even if you are in the middle of a forest and trying to cut down some trees near your fort, you ll encounter people, who might be new, without firearms or a fully armoured wonderer with a rocket luncher, in can be a raider horde trying to take down a crazy huge base, or just a lonewolf sapareted for the time being from his buddies and adventuering, the people who you meet can be extremely friendly, speaking for minutes, agreeing to team up or form an allience or just be some aggresive barbarians shooting without warning. They can be English people from the UK, having no trouble in understanding you or some buddies from Russia, Germany, Spain, who rather prefer to talk in their own language.How you play is up to you. Your shooting skills, base building talents, charisma are not measured in a menu inside the game, their reflection can only be seen on how well you get along in the game.This is the game of the endless possibilities and even if it is crashing sometimes, or you have lagg, or suffer of the developers' newly implemented and not yet ready idea in the game, you will want to get back to the island of Rust again, cause no other game can give you the same experience."
,Recommended,252490,8560717,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,rookie0117,"Its a fun game; I recommend reading the guide or talking to a player that does not try to kill you, to help learn the ropes.Has classics of the survival genre, Hunt (animals or people) or scavenge (in irradiated towns) for food,Harvest resources from the land (Trees, greyish rock and wood piles) and make better tools using the resources.As well as trying to survive from natural causes of death or the occasional mutant animal in a irradiated zone there are bandits present as they are in all similar games. Some shoot on sight, others trick you with false friendliness, and a small margin of them actually rob you and let you live.Hacking, at least from my perspective has segnifigantly dropped."
,Recommended,252490,9254341,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Genesis,"---------------------------------UPDATED-------------REVIEW-------------RUST-----------------------------------------I felt since Rust finally updated i would update my review. I am not changing my recommendation to this game because i still very much enjoy the game. So let me start off by saying the old version of rust was definitely a fun piece of art to play.. but between the hackers and admins who abuse their power i found that i needed a break. I have returned to rust to not only find that they experimental version is now officially in rust and the old servers are now known as Legacy.  So lets jump into the review!The new rust game has updated graphics and more options of gameplay. It now has bone shivs you can make along with hammers. The loot system is well more generous and instead of searching for wood piles constantly you can hack away at trees and get your resources... Oh and the trees disappear!! So im still trying to figure out the building system. I sort of liked the building system a bit more in the old version of rust because it was pretty basic. The newer version is a lot harder to find animals which means you actually have to go hunting and searching. The animals are more hostile and dangerous. Now... as for the gameplay in general- i come across some lags and it appears the frame rate drops at times. I can understand due to early access although i didn't have this problem as much in the old version. Also the trees pixelate a lot and it seems the graphics are somewhat unstable in certain areas. The map is gorgeous and huge though. It has to be 100x the size of the original map and on top of the size it has snow covered mountains, valleys, deserts, lakes, oceans, all of which you can swim and hike on. It even has health conditions, such as being cold or being wet will affect your stats in some way. They really made it more survival, and with more creativity from what they show in the actual screen shots of Rust on here. I would say the finished copy will definitely be worth the wait.So to recap everything i said this is a great game that needs work. Still would pick it up again. I just hope the developers pick up the slack and start moving a bit faster. This game is a gem and they should treat it like it's their baby instead of neglecting it.________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________This game not only is a complete survival game it has the basis to keep what you make in the game and let you create an own town. If you craft weapons you can create a alliance and wipe out players and take their supplies. Highly recommended to play with a mic due to the team work needed to complete the game. It starts you out with basically nothing... No map, no weapons, no clothes. The only thing you can rely on is yourself. Trust no one. As you make your way through the game and get used to crafting, makeing weapons and hunting you'll eventually get good at pvp. It is literally the greatest survival game ever made. Enjoy it. Buy it. It's only in alpha trials so the servers bug out a little. Other than that the game is exactly what anyone would want in a survival game."
,Recommended,252490,12183232,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mikemcdunnyman,I've never been so addicted to a game based solely on crippling disappointment.
,Recommended,252490,8474353,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,breaston,"BEST GAME EVAR YES BUY, SUCH GOOD, VERY PLAY, MUST OWN 10/10-IGN"
,Recommended,252490,15610695,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The Phat Controller,"Great game altogether! The game has a great multiplayer experience.On one hand, there can be players who are kind and try to help you as much as possible, then on the other hand are the players who love stealing other peoples' items/materials etc, which can be very entertaining at times.Gathering materials can be quite frustrating at times, but once you achieve building a house, securing your area and establishing allies, the game gets very exciting.Raids are a great part of the game as well. I tend to partner up with friends and allies, grab as much C4 as possible, and raid every base in sight. Some bases may have few materials, but most of the time you'll find heavily fortified bases that have too many materials and weapons to count.To conclude, good game, buy now."
,Recommended,252490,9312391,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Flipper_KS,what minecraft envy's to be
76561198083690475,Recommended,252490,10268877,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheExcellentEnchilada,The detail on the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is quite amazing and therefore I would give this game a Frozen/Frozen.
76561198122420893,Recommended,252490,9801934,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,InfamousGamer,it seems a good game and it seems really really fun but the lag is bad its still in development but id suggest to hold off for a while and hopefully the lag problems will be fixed and an in game map will be added for now im going to keep it in my libary but for anyone who wants it wait a while because there is a few problems but all in all its a pretty cool game
,Recommended,252490,9008282,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,MailmanTSK,>2014>Having fun in video gamesIts bretty gud
,Recommended,252490,9874067,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,KamNStuff,"if you dont buy this game your missing out of gaming theese days. probally one of the best games and its only in alphaUPDATE-1 YEAR LATER ~note-rust legacy is the old version, the version described above.UPTADE- RUST LEGACY IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. THE NEW RUST, ISNT RUST. DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ASS GAME, THEY TOOK RUST, AND DISCRASED ITS NAME. THIS ""NEW"" RUST IS AN INCEST BROTHER THAT ♥♥♥♥ED THE SISTER FOR MORE INCEST AND♥♥♥♥♥♥IT OUT. rust legacy still good tho! <3Im an athiest, and this game genuinly had me looking to the bible for help. The new rust that is."
,Recommended,252490,9682173,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Desiigner,"I met somone named willy wanka.He made a base called the chocolate factory.my friend and i made friends with him, then changed our names to right and left twix.Now we raid people and say ""YOU ♥♥♥♥ED WITH THE WRONG CHOCOLATE FACTORY ♥♥♥♥♥ES"" to everyone near us"
76561198070588180,Recommended,252490,9969171,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,StrawHatPro,"A very fun and addicting game!This game takes the basics of survival based games, and puts you into a never sleeping world full of bandits and abandoned towns ripe for looting. This game, for anyone who is craving a good survival game, is a perfect cure for your crave.This game is constantly onlineBeing constantly online means tons more suspense and a reason to keep coming back to the game. Also, most servers I have played on are sleeping servers, which means that when you log out you just sleep on the floor so other players can kill you and take your stuff. All while your offline! This may put some people off the game but to me, I love it even more as it makes me want to build a basic shelter as fast as I can before I log off. This makes me feel way more involed in the world then I actually am. Which is what a game should always try to make me do, and Rust has done it perfectly here.Building a house is rewardingBuilding a good and safe home in Rust is hard! Especially when you want to build a big tower (Good luck!) With a lot of bandits roaming the world of Rust, you first have to ask yourself, is my home practicle? Will it keep me safe? Will people easily be able to break in? Will I survive long enough to finish it? You must always ask yourself this before building a house as they are all questions that, if answerd with yes, will keep you alive. But once you finish that fantastic house. It feels rewarding. Unlike Minecraft where you only need to get some blocks and you have a house, Rust is very unforgiving when it comes to houses. You'll need A LOT of recources to make a safe house.ConstantlyOnlineI've already talked quite a lot about how I love this game being online so I'll make this brief. With the world always being online, logging on can be scary. For instance, you could have been raided and killed while you were away, losing days work and making you start all the way from the begining. You must know who to trust. If anyone comes around your house, asking for food two things could be happening: One, he genuinly is new to the server and does need food or, two he has a barrel gun ready to shoot you. (Yes, I'm talking from experience, haha.) It's moments like these you can't get in many other games, which makes things like this very fun and scary.In AlphaFor a Alpha game, it's pretty complete. Yes, there are a few bugs here and there but, as far I have seen nothing gamebreaking.This game, from the outside, can easily be compared to games like 7 Days to Die and Minecraft but it's way more then that. Do you feel like building a giant tower and  snipe all who come to close? Go ahead. Do you just want to run around, causing trouble? Have fun. Do you want to make a big group with your friends and raid the biggest building in your area? Thats cool. This game has limitless possibilities! The price of 20 bucks for an unfinished game may make some people look away, but dont! Because if you do, you'll be missing out on one of the best Steam games you'll ever have in your library."
76561198064585315,Recommended,252490,10249692,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Samu3L,"Rust is a great game. There is always something to do and while some people wont like it, thats probobly because they havent taken the time and had the patience that is required of you to learn how to play this game."
,Recommended,252490,11005354,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Irix,"Great game, hundreds of hours into it - looking forward to the actual release of the experimental branch....put hundreds of hours more"
76561197965965617,Recommended,252490,10638726,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RayzR,"Still in early Alpha, but this game has a lot of potential.  Bit buggy at the mo due to recent updates, but still well worth the money.  Try it!!!!"
76561198081198772,Recommended,252490,8566408,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ahh tism,Well a dude with a 2 inch wenis came with a hatchet and chopped my skull in. Fast forward i respawn and a dude put a shelter with a metal door ontop of me so i was trapped.         10/10
,Recommended,252490,11130594,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,FireOtter ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"This game is  like Skyrim , with rocks.-MachinimaI Wandered through the forgotten lands of Rust when suddently a naked , bald man offers me some food.Me , being the fatass I am , immediately starts eating , not noticing that the food was raw chiken.The man laughs and says : It's all ogre now. He then smashes my skull with a rock.Naked caveman rock simulator 201411/10 -Ign"
,Recommended,252490,8724590,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Caretaker,"A lot of people have issues with the game, but honestly it's not that bad. Just picking the right server can honestly make all the difference. The bigger servers are plagued with hackers, and people who will kill you on sight. Even if you do get established you're liable to be raided. Playing with friends can alleviate that problem, and make for some epic raids and gun fights. I personally enjoy playing on smaller servers, and building with friends. I actually run a server because I enjoy playing it so much and hated to see other admins abusing their power, and servers that did nothing about hackers.If you get the game, find a low pop/instant craft server and you'll have a ton of fun. Once you get started and growing it becomes quite addictive. I'm actually working on a guide w/ videos to help people get started and learn the map. More maps are coming, new items, areas, a chopper, all sorts of things. I'm really excited for this game, and will stick with it until it's release. Also, make sure to check the wiki, and other sites for help on crafting and other things. You are dropped in with no knowledge of what to do, or how to play so it'd be good to watch a video or two to get acclimated."
,Recommended,252490,8480765,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,moose,i am naked
,Recommended,252490,8917191,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ToasterDust,this game is only in alpha nd its already one of my favorite games
76561198039230765,Recommended,252490,10213749,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,RatKing (King of the Rats),nothing special just a minecraft clone with naked people
76561198000740933,Recommended,252490,8696119,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,astrophysics black guy,Rust is just awesome. epic enviroment+hunting+crafting+good gameplay+naked people = AWESOMENESS!get this game. or die trying.
,Recommended,252490,8990872,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,MEGUMIN (めぐみん),36 mins in the game i met a friendly dude he helped me out killed a guy and they get killed me pretty fun i recomond you get this game!!!
,Recommended,252490,10548584,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BORIS,"Great Game Very adictive stuff, 10/10 must play!"
,Recommended,252490,10711863,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Calpol,"Out of all the early access open world survival games popping up on steam - this is the one you want. It's got the most content and replayability by far and although it suffers from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community were the majority of people will attempt to kill you on sight, (like all games of this genre) it's the best you're going to get right now."
,Recommended,252490,20591994,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Captain Tri,"Most of my hours have been as a ""lone wolf"". It is possible to play as a lone wolf, but this is certainly a social game so at some point you're going to run into someone else.  Scroll to the bottom for helpful hints / tl:dr if you are going to buy this game. Review may be slightly out of date as was written when the XP system was in, it should still be fairly relevent though.Will that person be friendly?OFFICIAL SERVERS:If you are on an official server (as I started out) the friendlies make up about 1 in 30 people, so the likelyhood is that you will get KOSed (killed on sight). You'll loose everything and it will wholey♥♥♥♥♥♥on your parade. The important thing is to (depending what point you are at in the game) remember names, take your revenge when you can.The fact that you can get jumped at any moment is one of the major adrenaline sources in the game. Out mining stone and having to watch your back, sneaking past a huge base full of geared guys.Your game experience will change drastically depending on what server you play on.If you choose a community server, that ratio gets smaller, and you'll find more friendlies.Personally, for the first few months I started out on an official server. I wanted ""pure rust"". I wanted to play the game as close to ""vanilla"" as was humanly possible. I recommend doing this, although many would most likely disagree. Official servers are usually looked upon as the place where the real toxicity in rust is, where the cheeters are, where the huge clans are.  As a solo player, you can make it slightly easier on yourself by choosing a server in a different timezone. This will give you ""downtime"" hours where the population drops from 200 down to 80 or 90, you'll still get action, but the chances of you getting wiped out by a group of 8 people go from 100% down to a more managable 50%.I met small groups, fell out with others, raided, built, hid, attacked; official servers are great for action.The bottom line in rust, currently, is build - raid -build -raid (server wipe) build - raid -build -raidA server wipe happens every month, to every server it is forced and puts everyone back on a level playing field. It also stops servers from filling up with bases (many of which are dead and raided) which could eventually kill the server due to lag etc.Once you've been through a few wipe cycles it can get very old. It did for me. At 140hours I almost gave up, bored. Then I thought I would play a little longer but set my own goals.On the offical server I created a ""survival outpost"" where noobs could run past, use a furnace, repair bench, research table etc...After that I started setting goals ""get a rocket launcher this wipe"" (this was back in the days of BPs where getting a rocket launcher was actually a big deal and unlikely to happen to a solo).♥♥♥♥♥♥eventually hit the fan with the offical server. It got DDOSed to the next life, it wiped mid-month, everyone lost everything. Then it wiped again...Then it got DDOSed and facepunch took it down entirely. Having to start over and over and over was very disheartening and just killed any desire to start alll over again. This happens on official servers and there is nothing anyone can do about it. It comes with the territory.I decided to try a modded server.MODDED/COMMUNITY SERVERS(Modded) ""Pure PVE""In this server there is no raiding, no killing other players. It is ""Pure Person Vs Enviroment"" it had a huge gather, so within a few taps of a rock you have 3k wood. etc. You also get Airdrops delivered right to your door. You call them in with your daily smoke grenade. It was basically rust handed to you on a platter. It was cool to be able to run around without the anxiety of having to look over shoulder, build a castle in just an hour. But then what? After a few hours getting myself to the same state that would have taken a week in any othe server, I left. Bored.Currently there aren't enough enviromental threats for this to really work; and if you're just using rust as a glorified chat room (which is fair enough) you need to be able to gel with the players already in there. I'd like it to work...perhaps oneday it will.Server 2 (Vanilla), Noob friendly.I'd racked up probably 700 hours on official servers, exhausted from constant adrenaline I wanted to kick back and retire for a while. Noob friendly servers are the hardest ones to run. KOS is looked down on, and the servers are generally full of 3 types of people. Genuine noobs. Players who want easy PVP because offiical servers are too much for them and finally retired helpful old folk. It's a very tough combination to balance and control. They are great servers for chatting, kicking back. In my opinon they are actually a little counterproductive to the actual noob. It is Rust easy mode. Noob friendly servers are often low population, everybody generally knows everyone else which makes the sting of being raided even more personal, on top of it being a ""noob friendly"" server. The salt is even more real, and far more painful for the noob than it would have been on a lawless official server with 200 people, where a noob wouldn't have known their raider.Server 3, Modded CommunityFaster Gather, Better Loot? The problem I find with these is that it devalues everything.In a vanilla server, say, you may get attacked by a group with 2 C4. Your base will need to be able to withstand 2 C4. As soon as the gather rate goes up, you now have to compensate for the fact that 2 C4 will now be 6C4. The base size grows. If you find 5HQM in one barrel that means nothing, as the next time you hit a rock you'll get 50HQM...Everything gets bigger, everything looses value.Finding the balance, playing on other servers will help you find your home. I am still a fan of starting on Official servers, to get a taste of lawless rust and then use that as the bar to measure other servers against. There are loads of better servers out there than offiical, but you won't know that until you experience a good amount of time on one."
76561198087772207,Recommended,252490,9086211,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Tontar,You should get this game Rust awsome just like Minecraft but way better. (Trust Me)
76561198117352377,Recommended,252490,9365830,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,hek of,"Facepunch, Amazing, you hit the nail on the head. This is the best survival action game out there right now with many exciting things to do. The base building is also amazing."
,Recommended,252490,8622883,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,sindrom,This game is absolutely awesome if u play with atleast 1 friend .
76561198077584484,Recommended,252490,9801666,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Shortsy,"If you enjoy survival games, hybrid MMO's, and the chance to build a kingdom of wood planks and metal scraps, this game is definately worth a looksee. You start off as a bare naked man with a rock, a torch, some medical kits and frigid nipples as you attempt to survive the countless nights of this seemingly untouched forest. Hit your rock upon a tree or rock to obtain resources; resources to create an amalgamation of weapons or shelter pieces needed to survive the wilds... or possibly your neighbors...On a serious note, this game can be either the best thing since sliced bread or the most frustraiting thing since urinary tract infections. The game has a beautiful sense of sandbox and complete up-to-you, take-this-have-fun aspect to it, and gives YOU the steering wheel as to what to do. You can be simple; build a small house, make a fire inside and only go out to hunt or gather. You can also be complex, and not leave an inch of your land untouched by leaving a 10 ft wall, barracades everywhere and a tower big enough to give the clouds pleasure.You see how you progress in the game as you go, going from rock to bow, bow to boomstick handcannon, onto rifles and machine guns, and when you get to the point, you feel REALLY accomplished, but it's there when the frustraiting parts start.The game is VERY unforgiving, and rightly tells you so with a hail of bullets to your face. Let's say you spent 12 hours building this awesome house, it's got walls and barracades galore. You're very proud of it, and as you walk back into it and close the wooden gate, you hear footsteps outside the walls. You ready your .45 pistol and get ready for anything, but nothing happens. No voices, no gunshots, nothing but the barely audible sound of... ticking? BOOM! Your walls are down, you're filled with more holes than a Senator's brain and they begin to blow up your house, to take everything you just spent your 12 hours on. Gone in less than 15 seconds. THAT is what I mean by unforgiving.I don't complain about this, because the same happened to me, to everyone else before, and you can only get better at it to avoid it.Yes, this game has a huge grief-friendly system.Yes, this game is buggy as hell.Yes, this game has a few hackers.Yes, I recommend this game.A few bad apples spoil the bunch; give it a try. You might like it."
,Recommended,252490,8814501,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,shikane,"New updates all the time, which is great that they don't abandon it after getting enough money to stop. The game is a great survival sandbox. The community is happy for you to ask questions in-game and don't get too mad at you."
,Recommended,252490,8238617,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,KaBOOM,Do you like to craft and survive? Do you like to kill people and raid bases? Do you like to help people and build cities? Do you like Minecraft or DayZ? Both!?!? Then buy this game because I'm from a T.V. commercial and I say buy this game! It's a combination of both Minecraft and DayZ.
,Recommended,252490,9051180,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,serenade,I absolutely love it. Extremely fun when chasing after a chicken or rabbit with a rock. 11/10
,Recommended,252490,10148145,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Vendetta,"Great game! I could spend hours and hours playing this game, oh wait I did! I loved this game but I don't care for the New Version. I think they had tons of potential with the Rust Legacy Map and ould've expanded it. I mean they already had TONS of mountains and space that was already in the map but just being neglected. R.I.P Rust Legacy, still an amazing game to play with friends. :Bonus: Buy this game if you're totally into naked guys running around everywhere. 10/10 Would buy again."
,Recommended,252490,8924578,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Snisga,"I love this game, so fun, gives you a glimpse of what would happen to society in a post apocaliptic metldown, players instantly kill you, others help you, you make friends enemies, you raid ppl homes get raided, you will never know what will happen in every season you play, i personally like to hunt down noobs with an hatchet singing along in the mic WHY CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS, WHY CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS from WAR"
76561198044980679,Recommended,252490,9207525,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Captain Somali,"Let me start off by saying this a very fun game when playing with the right people. Trying to survive while everything is trying to kill you is fun. While starting off and learning to play is very hard once you get past that is is great. Having someone who knows what they are doing is even better. My first major life was when I meet up with a group of other players to survive was great. Then the worst part of the game happened.....Hackers. Hackers ruin this game, they kill everyone for no reason stopping all process you made in the game... over and over again. While it's still in Early Access it's still a great game with a few bugs and a major problem in the hackers. Its still a game worth buying and seeing how it grows as time goes on."
,Recommended,252490,8919652,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Mitsubishi Triton Dual-Cab,Great game! just like tetris but with rocks!!
76561198132051528,Recommended,252490,11171880,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Captain Grintin,very fun game
76561197965836943,Recommended,252490,9255516,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Dirty Wet Poopy Sloppy Pooerhole,Cool game. I beat rocks against other rocks for about an hour until I got killed by some stranger. Would recommend to fellow autists.
76561197971717523,Recommended,252490,9208695,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Titankeepr,"One of the hardest, and best games ive ever played."
,Recommended,252490,9063537,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kellmer123,"Blocked the road between two mountains, and demanded a chicken to be sacrificed in order to pass.10/10 chicken sacrifices"
,Recommended,252490,9436382,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mudda Blandon,"Rust is an survival game where you can create a home, hunt animals and team up with players. Craft your own weapons, tools and accessories. Or challenge yourself to other players by raiding and taking their hard earned loot. That is what Rust is about."
,Recommended,252490,10434413,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,nmanClank,The whole community is Full Of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. If you love getting ♥♥♥♥ed everytime you sign off then this is the game for you.I've played on several servers and they eventually get hacked its just a matter of time. If they fix some of the issues and the lag I will change my review.-Edit-This game seems to be improving on all it's faults and glitches..I'm gonna recommend it but beware of it's current state.It really has a lot of potential to be an amazing game.
76561198050402966,Recommended,252490,11044581,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mickcool,Its okay ya know.
,Recommended,252490,10227519,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,purple lady face,this game makes me moist
,Recommended,252490,8673127,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,☩| Sir Lancelot The Brave |☩,Recommended only if you have a crew. Especially true on a PvP server. The game starts brutal on you. Things may change with this game as it is only an alpha. A game to keep an eye on but not yet worth a 20$ price.
,Recommended,252490,8812722,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Yung frägääjä,Best tower defence game where you defend your house from massive russian hordes.10/10 would ukraine again.
76561197961181796,Recommended,252490,8938668,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Nite-fx,"Seeing as the current Alpha is just showing 10% yes 10% of the game you cant help but being impressed by what is in that small 10%.What there is which is not all that much is working pretty well, ive played worse Beta's to be fair.Keep tabs in this one thats for sure as i think out of the current crop of survival games in development this one is defo a winner winner crispy chicken dinner."
76561198125363743,Recommended,252490,9193838,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,IntoDepression...,I love the game but one problem THE GAME LAGGS Like Hell can u please fix that
,Recommended,252490,10034777,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Moe Lester,Awesome game 10/5 ALL DAYdont even bother reading this just buy it and it doesent even take long to load like 10 sec and if you buy this send me a msg and lets play
76561198107326976,Recommended,252490,8816311,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,idfuture,"this game is good as you can go around beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anyone  and kos noobs however i feel the goal isnt really their so i find myself (after a couple of days on a new server) wondering what to do. however i really recomend buying this with a friend. if you don't have one you may find one in the 1-5,000 that someone is friendly. overall i give it 7/10"
,Recommended,252490,17580334,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,zax,"Probably the best survival game you can get on Steam.As in all those other survival game clones, you spawn with nothing, collect resources, build tools, a house and start raiding other players in the long run. The progression in Rust is steady and smooth, it can go faster or slower depending on the server and the players experience with the game. Grouping up also makes a lot of things easier/faster.What makes Rust genuinely good is it's development all through Early Access. Weekly, the developers are communicating about what is going to come, they consult the community and tweak a lot of stuff. There's a new content update every week that always renews the game and keeps it fresh. Game gets boring? Just come back in a month to discover a whole lot of new stuff!Seriously this is one of the very few Early Access games I would recommend without a second thought. I believe it to be a save bet for the future of it's development."
,Recommended,252490,9278410,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,PipsiDipsi,"I recommend this game , it's interesting , has a lot of players and a lot of official/modded servers.Of course not all players are friendly , but that's the fun in this game,   you have to choose who you're allies and who you're enemies will be ! 10/10"
,Recommended,252490,9632088,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Jazz,most fun ur ever have
76561198080032922,Recommended,252490,18012652,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,masterextremist,"Alright so, I am writing this review for people that actually base getting this game off of the reviews they read.  So I was skeptical about getting this game because of the negative reviews and things people said about it.  But just know it is a survival game and if you build smart, fast and efficient, you will not get raided and stomped on.  Also the server you join makes a whole world of difference.  I was new i told people I was new and guess what they left me alone.  Even threw me blue prints to help get me started.  I helped five guys that have 100 hrs in the game take down a wall around a dome that was blocked off by a guy and his army that doesnt play anymore.  It was fun.  The whole game was really alot better than people make it seem and by far the best survival game i have played and seen.  I like it alot and will continue to play it.  Well worth the money, well worth the time.  Do play with friends though.  Solo is not gonna let you enjoy this game just cuz it will take you forever to build up.  But all in all dont judge this game by reviews."
76561198123913549,Recommended,252490,11342415,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,FlashFire,Rust is one of the best games i have played so far on steam. i feel like the pvp aspect of rust is very exciting and also it is a great way to paly with friends since solo sometimes is hard. have fun with it and happy farming
,Recommended,252490,9358364,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Giftedrelic,Great game for people like me that want to be able to do what they want in a game 10/10
,Recommended,252490,10669222,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sndR,"Best of the survival games out there, even better now that the zombies have been removed!"
,Recommended,252490,17556189,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Key_Gambit_Rust,Brilliant!!!No question about it! I recommend this game to any one looking for a open world survival game.
76561198068775643,Recommended,252490,9555809,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Frozenwater,"Easly one of the most fun games I've played in a long time, just get some friends and play this tilll 4 in the morning."
,Recommended,252490,8912147,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Katt,"Time for a small edit. I say small because my old review still stands up to the new version of Rust, I'm just going to add some things into it.First off, ♥♥♥♥ those guys with the negative reviews. They ♥♥♥♥♥ about stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ or they ♥♥♥♥♥ about the game not being what they wanted, even when it was never what they wanted in the first place and they act like its all the devs fault that they bought a game that they didnt look into first. This game is awesome, and even more so with friends. In fact, you wind up meeting some pretty good friends in this game. You'll have to sift through the massive pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to get to them, but it winds up being worth it.The games graphics had a gigantic overhaul and it is beautiful. The game looks and feels immersive now. You grow more attached to the world around you, and it truly has a survival feel to it that it didnt have before. Theres more to do, more to see, and more things to discover and it's only going to get better as they add more into the game every week.Updates. Theyre frequent and wonderful (for the most part). The devs keep everyone up to date on things implemented and things being worked on. Even if you don't play much that week, you can easily stay caught up on how the game is progressing.The game is really quite awesome. The fact that its already wonderful and it's still only in alpha is impressive in itself. I've not met many games that are as good as this one at the same stage of development. It's much like the lovechild of minecraft and dayz, with a more pvp focus than anything. the whole point is to spawn into a dog-eat-dog world and try to survive. This game will not hold your hand, and neither will the other players. They'll sooner shoot you in the face; ahh, the good old ""welcome to Rust- BANG!""That said, server choice is important. There are a wide spectrum of servers that cater to different needs of different types of players. there are servers out there who wipe frequently, others who try to keep things as long as possible before deciding when to wipe. there are cutthroat servers where you will constantly get shot in the face every 3 minutes. There are noob friendly servers that forces vets to give noobs a chance (but if you aggress, you WILL be shot). There are servers where mods rampantly abuse the system and everyone living in that system. There are servers where the mods, while advancing themselves, are generally kind and helpful towards everyone. There are servers with extremely stringent mods. It will probably take you a day to figure out which kind of server you like. But in the end you will find a place (or more!) to call home.The players are similar. You will ALWAYS have those donkeys anuses who will kill you every time they run into you, and sometimes going out of their way to find you and kill you. You WILL be raided many times. If you ragequit every time you're raided, this is probably not the game for you. It will be extremely frustrating every time, especially if you're a kind player who tries to not KOS (Kill On Sight) other players. It's all part of the experience. Usually, you'll be able to tell very quickly who's cool and who's dangerous. generally, KOSers don't talk to you on VON (Voice Over Network). they'll try to approach you and shoot you, or shoot from a distance. Usually nicer players will try to identify you and proclaim their alignment. But this varies. Much like life, you have to figure it out from person to person.The gameplay is actually pretty great. Not perfect, but pretty smooth, and not real glitchy. the controls are fairly intuitive and simple. There is no tutorial in game, so you'll have to ask (and please don't be afraid to!) and figure it all out. getting the resources is the hardest part right of the bat, as not everywhere has them. but once you get started, you pick up steam fast. Join a group, make friends (and enemies if you have to) and have fun! for 20 bucks, this is a great game and it will only get better!"
76561198120004424,Recommended,252490,10566204,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Shinozaki Sachiko,"first thing first. what i realized it was dark. so i lit up a torch and running around. well i was a newbie back then. for about 5 minutes i finally found a road which i assume the main road of the map. so i follow it and found a guy. he was naked just like me. fortunately he was kind enough to give me some food and a hatchet. he told me to go and gather wood so i can make a shelter. so i went away and did as what as he told me to do. while im looking for a wood pile, there was a guy wore black shirt and jeans (which is called kevlar) yelling at me. he told me to stop because he said he is friendly. okay. i stopped and turn around and just about to say hello he shot me right away. well that is the first night. after that incident, i never trust anyone.okay enough for the story. this is a good game where it combines surviving and building houses. not much gun variant and armor though. but the gun sound is really really awesome.unfortunately, it has been a long time this game havent been updated (well it has just patched few days ago for experimental one) so it kinda the same from several months ago.fortunately they are preparing something big. they gonna change everything. so it is more like a new game. the only think we can do is to wait and hunt animals and rob people's house.it will even more enjoyable if you play with your friends!"
76561198126778952,Recommended,252490,26909972,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pr0uK,This is a cool game i think every one should have it and play it
76561198071001960,Recommended,252490,28630109,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Riggerz,Good game!
,Recommended,252490,8784468,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Zuma,"Gather, Build, Raid, Kill! Great game and so addicitve, It's been a rocky alpha with hackers and glitchers but it seems to finally be under control and developing nicely, I hear they're also only 1% to where they want to be with this game. The future of Rust is looking very promising."
,Recommended,252490,13303945,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sturdy Saucepan,"i love this game it's minecraft with guns. it serves great potential in future. The game mechanics are astonishing. Also the game just looks amazing! although the down side of it is that sleeping bags are a bit to hard to craft. but one thing that REALLY  annoys me is that It Is NOT Single Player!!?? like honestly what was face punch studios thinking on that one?! Although there is a couple cons to the game, the game it self is a wonderful creative game, it is well made, it is fun to play with friends, also fun to play with out frineds becuase you will meet more fresh spawns al over the place becuase they have just joined the server or got killed or something!? also i thought maybe it wouldnt run al that well on my computer as of my Intel Core i3 and my RAM being at 4 GB it actually ran suprisingly well. I may have needed to tone down my graphics a little but still it ran quite very well! As it is still in its Alpha Stages the game it amazing already! I will say again that this game will server us great in the future!, cant wait!"
,Recommended,252490,10194248,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Shercold,A more realistic based game based off of an fps and minecraft combined. Its probably one of my most favorite sandbox games in which all the animal drop chicken. lol. I got to say that there is some minor bugs and fixes still needed but for an alpha this is some good work that has gone into this game. Well i cant wait for more updates from the Devs.
,Recommended,252490,30132316,Posted: 23 February,all,Hunter h1z1swap.com,great
76561198269386749,Recommended,252490,29896991,Posted: 13 February,all,Yung Kaboob,learning the  map is harder than trump when he see's a wall
,Recommended,252490,9213920,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Prominency,"It was made by Garry, thats why I bought it. Never had this much fun on a survival game. VERY recommended.EDIT:It was fun in the beginning, now its just an fps game. Can't build a simple house without being shot down or even spawn. Still fun though just not the survival game it was."
76561198150530170,Not Recommended,252490,24612365,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Aivatar,No Solo Survival anymore...
76561198036281014,Recommended,252490,10545059,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Trey,"awesome, and getting better"
76561197963402164,Recommended,252490,30901432,Posted: 2 April,all,Liv,"The gameplay overall is great. It's a game that everyone can enjoy, no matter the age. Actually... all you have to do to have fun is hit things with rocks, wether it's a tree, a stone, or someone's head and try not to die to hunger, thirst, cold, or something else trying to kill you.When you get beyond this point in gameplay, especially if you're in a group (because let's face it, if you're not in a group you will never get past this point) it becomes a grind. You grind resources, you spend those resources and more time masterminding a base that is unbreechable. After many failed attempts (because you didn't forsee the multitude of glitches) you finally find the best defendable base to horde all your goodies. You change server many times because officials are full of hackers and private servers are full of admin abuse. But you did it, you managed to make a base that survives for 2 weeks... before servers are wiped.And then you realise you've spent more time working hard in a game than you have in real life and enter an existential crisis... You've become a slave to protecting your shiny base.Oh, and you probably haven't made any friends because the community is frankly horrible."
,Recommended,252490,31143512,Posted: 14 April,all,BanaNaBooM,HEY THERE I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,252490,11749519,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,DSN| Sunny,Great game fun to play with friends I recommend to everyone over the age of 15+.
,Recommended,252490,14265670,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PolarBear Named Pancake,Amazing game. 10/10 i will rekt u from the top of rust - EveryoneIt looks like irl but with more naked people.And is fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,252490,10562784,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[EBN]HyperArnesen[A],"Rust is a good game, but i can't run it on maximum graphics on my computer so  dont recommend it if you dont have a good computer :-)"
,Not Recommended,252490,26307190,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,JumblyNuts,"tl:dr The game downloads workshop content while in game and causes lag. With bad internet this makes the game unplayable so you can see some crappy meme clothing. Facepunch and Valve are edge lords.I am a longtime player of Facepunch games. Before it was even Facepunch, I have always enjoyed the mods and games Garry and others made (In before Rust not Garry’s game).The game is not bad and the developers work insanely hard. The execution of micro transaction content is abysmal. Skins are downloaded while in game without the ability to pause. There is no real way to circumvent this and selecting all of them in game and waiting is unmanageable. The file sizes collectively of the skins exceeds the actual size of the base game. This will put a lot of people in the spot of lagging endlessly in game, since everyone does not have fantastic internet.Before anyone tries to say there is a workaround for this, do not bother, none of them work. I have tried several times to reach out to Facepunch and Steam, who respectively blame one another for the issue, deny the issue, or ignore the messages altogether. // <Feelsgoodman.jpg>This problem has existed for months now and once someone loses downloaded skin files, since they corrupt occasionally, or re download the game, it is back to square one. I don’t understand why I can get skin files downloaded with updates for CS:GO like cake. While with Rust it is a wonky workshop content disaster for those with potato to lower end internet. Facepunch used to not make the mistakes of other games and improve upon the shortcomings. Being cheeky illegitimate offspring is only funny when you push the envelope, not when the envelope pushes you."
35435643643645364,Recommended,252490,16427830,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Skyyy,ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
,Recommended,252490,8970925,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Shady Mall Santa,"Spent 30 hrs of the past few days playing this game and gathering supplies. Every wall in the house is a doorway with a metal door and i live on the 3rd floor. How could it not be bandit proof right? Ill tell you how. A group of professionals silently builds a structure up to the 3rd floor, shoots me thru the window, and takes EVERYTHING.RUST"
76561198212252992,Recommended,252490,17146782,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,bauermd,2nd best game ever the community is awesome and the gameplay is solid
76561198088963285,Recommended,252490,10039991,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,seaofstars,love this game good work
,Recommended,252490,27209740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cystic Fibrosis James,"I love this Game,I have 364 hours of experiance in this game thus far.Give it a chance, You CAN PLAY SOLO.I disagree with those who say you cannot.Hunt/PVP/Build All On Your Own.I do :-)As i said.GIVE IT A CHANCE :-) It Improves After Each Update :-)"
76561198123627144,Recommended,252490,17449741,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Bigfoot,VERY VERY VERY NICE GAME!
,Recommended,252490,20639852,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,☪ＥＭＲＥ☪2,Legacy candır NİCE GAME
76561198101344559,Recommended,252490,9778151,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,BRO-WELDER,"It is SUPER addictive, fun if you play with a good friend, graphics is ok and sound effects either , but it is buggy and laggy, still good for its price and I am looking forward for the new updates! 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,252490,9371082,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Vaffelei,"Rarely have I experienced a game that I enjoyed even when I lost. Every moment is filled with immeasurable possibilies and interactions. I reccomend this game to the people who look for quality, not quantity. For feeling not material. For to enjoy this game; even when one dies, is raided, betrayed, or loses ""progress"", one must extend their understanding of quality in a game to more than just having items. It's the relationship you create with the items, the npc's, and in this game, other players.Something like that, I probably should'nt be writing a review this late in the night, but basically this game is like the definition of open world--something along those lines."
76561198015124637,Recommended,252490,12885176,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Everitt Hart,"Although this game is still in alpha state, I can say that it is very enjoyable and fun to play. It is even better than some of the ""finished games"" out there. I'm really looking forward to seeing its finished product. You should really try this game out, you won't regret that!"
,Recommended,252490,18128396,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SWEtea,"If you find a good server with good people, not immature. Then this game is really fun and good.They update it every month and you can read a devlog, which is really interesting to read.It's a good survival game."
,Recommended,252490,17709981,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sniffles,"It was a warm crisp day, I was crafting doors for my recently built shack, I went outside to gather more wood when I seen 2 guys come out the forest sprinting towards my beautiful home. In a panic I pulled out my pistol and aimed it at them, expecting to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ seconds later 2 bears followed them out from behind the trees, so immediately I discovered they were being hunted! So i waved at them too come into my home, As they were only a few feet away, another bear came running out the rocks from the right, I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and scurried back to my porch, as I turned around to cover my fellow♥♥♥♥♥♥♥danglers, One of them had already been downed and ravaged too peices, I cried a little bit and started shooting (my 6 bullets). The other guy was soo close! so I pulled out my bow and arrows and gave him some cover fire! He made it too my porch, we both got inside my shack and shut the door, we waited... and waited. Then opened the door, it all seemed clear, I let him go first, he told me it was clear, we went over to his friends corpse to get his gear. Then all of a sudden, 3 wolves, out of nowhere! came running at us, my new friend didnt realise as he must have been on the loot screen, I thought to myself, I can make it, they will focus on him! So I ran! I got too my house safely, turned around, and my new friend was done for. I closed my door and sat by the fire, wondering if I would ever meet someone."
,Recommended,252490,14265293,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Adam Christmas,needs singleplayer and its a good game and mp is awsome too so this game is god thanks garry
,Recommended,252490,8549358,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MACH.VI,"Naked man comes up to you shouting ""FRIENDLY!"", then he pulls out a shotgun and shoot you in the face."
,Not Recommended,252490,10458336,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Steviet,It's fun for a few hours. After that game keeps itself repeating. It's still in development and there is an experimental branch so things are looking great. But I don't recommend you to buy this game for now.
,Recommended,252490,23213771,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ServersDown,I love this game like a crack addict loves rocks.
,Recommended,252490,28399599,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,I'm back (DNG) bolt.gg,Will raid a sqeakers base again
76561198043144780,Not Recommended,252490,24607239,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nazzarath,"Good God! This could be such a great game... BUUUUT!This thing doesnt work half the time, out of the hundreds of server listed i can log into 3 right now. No Error just stops loading at a promt that says receiving data and what does facepunch tell me.. wait for it.. It might fix itself... WOW!Out of the 3 yes 3 servers i can get on to the community stinks just greifers and about the time you get anything some kid with no life breaks in to your place while your at work and robs you blind. It's cool the first couple times it is a survival game but you can only go through this stupid cycle so many times till it's just no fun.""The defanition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results""Pass on this until they fix it and do somethign to draw in more decent players."
76561198074867492,Recommended,252490,29743086,Posted: 6 February,all,Dragon Force,"Rustis arguably the best PvP out there nowadays.TitleRustDeveloperFacepunch StudiosPublisherFacepunch StudiosRelease11 December 2013Graphics3DGenrePvPPrice€19,99Rating9/10The game.Rustis a game in the open world, here you create your world through a complete system of crafting. Probably the best survival game these days.Gameplay.The design of the game is very interesting - basically it functions as the beginning of life in society - by collecting resources, hunting wildlife, and crafting tools. The character starts naked and only with a wood stick and a rock that serves to collect resources (wood and stone). From there, collect the necessary materials, make your clothes, build your tools, your house, your bed (functions as the game checkpoint), enhances the protection of your home, and later makes weapons, explosives, etc.Rustis a realistic survival - players, animals, and the elements compete to kill you. Survive by being cautious and relying on strategy over brawn.However, in my opinion, it's very difficult to survive in this game playing alone. It's practically impossible. In 80% of cases you are killed by other players without knowing the reason (only by the instinct to kill), and the other 20% are killed by bears. It's frustrating. Unless you get on a server that has been recently wiped and have lots of time to put into the game to build up your base, I would not bother. If you just start out on a server that has not been wiped, prepare to have your base raided to no end. Also if you plan on playing by yourself, you will also have almost no chance as most servers have been basically claimed by a group that just go around and raid everyone.In this aspect,Rustseems more like a PvP game than a survival game.You need to be careful and attentive that even when you log off you are still in-game, and able to be killed. So, you need to have enough time to build a stable base before leaving the server. In other way, you'll take the risk being killed and stolen. And r*ped too.All in all, though, I do see a lot of potential in this game and, coupled with a good community increasingly committed in the evolution of the game. It has constant introductions of characters and new tools by the players themselves.Positive points. (+)The game menu is so simple, easy and intuitive.Simple, bold and spectacular crafting system.The building system is the best I've ever seen.Day/night cycle.Weather system.Procedurally generated world.Generated biomes (desert, snow, grass).The graphics are awesome. The landscapes are incredible. You'll see amazing sunsets.You need to have sense of direction because most servers don't have map. This makes that any exit of home be an adventure. But this is good because it implies you play enough time to know the server.A super active game, with a lot of updates, adding stuff made by community.If you have friends do playRust, you'll enjoy more than ever.Great game for nudist fans.Negative points. (-)I guess devs are taking some attention from crafting system and construction in general and they're implementing more a game based in a pure PvP arena; the game is getting full of loot campers.Animals don't follow the laws of physics.Some servers have much lag.However, is the best PvP game that I've played to date."
,Recommended,252490,32973107,Posted: 28 June,all,SheriffSenpai,"Soild game, needs ironing out and has FPS dropping issues but alot of fun with friends or a good place for meeting new people to paly with."
76561198081892397,Recommended,252490,33170454,Posted: 2 July,all,Stan Smith,"Do you like running around naked with a rock and a torch, then finding other men & women naked too? Then this game is for you! Oh yeah, there are guns and bases and stuff.."
,Recommended,252490,17555670,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Captain Fluffs™,Sticks and stones may break my bones
,Recommended,252490,33175967,Posted: 3 July,all,FLYER,Good for role players
,Recommended,252490,33056507,Posted: 30 June,all,>:''3 Spooky Danistheman >:3,Im loving it :)
,Recommended,252490,8069634,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,WalkeR™,"One of the most amazing survival games. As always, the producer of Gmod Garry Newman making a great game again. We love u Garry! Although the game is alpha, you are having lots of fun. If you like survival games or to be likely, you should have this game. (:"
,Recommended,252490,8744636,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rancid Iranian Coot,"Upon first entering the world of Rust I sought out to chop down trees with a boulder which somehow takes space in my inventory and getting stone by slamming a stone, on a stone.All was good and peaceful until I came across another player, while at the time I was excited to cut down trees with him if he would join, he had another idea entirely. The first words that came from this new, dark clothed character would be my first encounter I would never forget.""Can you sit?"" He asked. And so I promptly sat, hoping my new friend would be telling me stories of treasures he has found in his travels, the obstacles he has overcome. Apparently, this would not be the case.""Can you sing 'Can't touch this'?"" He demands, as he waves a shotgun in my face, I look around for others who might help me in this time of need, to only be met by other men, sporting shotguns and black attire like the man demanding I sing before him. Unfortunately, I have little knowledge of such songs, as I have never been a big fan of Prince. So I explained to the man that I did not know the lyrics with a simple: ""♥♥♥♥ you.""Unfortunately my new found friend did not like the fact that I did not know the lyrics of his favourite song. He started to scream and shout in a maddened rage, exclaiming ""THAT'S NOT VERY NICE."" And continued to rage indecipherably until he yelled ""♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥.""I was then killed for not meeting the dark clothed mans desires.It was at that moment and time that I knew how I wanted to be in Rust, just like the darkly clothed man.10/10 Community"
,Recommended,252490,10926831,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,you're mom gay lol,"Really good game in general. Fun for playing with friends or alone, And maybe meet some new friends on it too!"
76561198012973812,Recommended,252490,9507657,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Manuel Nino,This game is absolutely a bloodbath! This is how civilization would go if there was no governing authority. Absolute Ruthlessness! This is the game for you if you like the feel of tracking people and stalking your prey. Good content for 20$ they add things kinda often. Supposed to be a new patch coming out soon. I have not played Day Z but I saw a lets play and this game has DayZ beat!
,Recommended,252490,9808042,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Jery,Made me develop a phobia of naked men with rocks 10/10
76561198090835493,Recommended,252490,9800316,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,DeRank Meister,FİRST of all the game is awesome everyone asksDayZ or Rust  they are completely Different Only similiar point isYou gotta survive but anyway these 2 games are awesomeif you buy one of these gamesYou DEFİNİTELY have fun
,Recommended,252490,9842852,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mr. Scruff,There's naked guys running around in this game. 9.5/10
,Recommended,252490,10228000,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kore,Woman in the game would have been a nice touch... to many willys
76561198078418446,Recommended,252490,10646646,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Staff Sergeant Barney Riptide,needs the update i really think it will be amazing after that
76561198061805243,Recommended,252490,8123202,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,76561198061805243,this is the first suvivial game i have played i love it Specially non PvP servers just to learn the game
,Recommended,252490,8083498,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Avexum,"This is an extremely good game for alpha, it has so much potential to be a great game, which it already is, if your okay with starting over every now and then, this is a good game for you, its even better with multiple friends."
76561198048279209,Recommended,252490,9199988,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,pornstache,"For an alpha release this game is great. It has big potential. You can build a base, craft items, hunt, and allot more. You can friend other people in the server and form alliances, or go solo and most likely die.  10/10"
,Recommended,252490,9194921,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Felicia Sexopants ツ,"This is a great game. Even though it is in Alpha the game runs smoothly and is exciting the whole time you play.I got shot a lot because kevlar clad gunners don't trust naked people, but that's ok, I watched them get mauled by bears :3""Caveman themed nudity"" is funny when it gets you shot in the face :DGreat game, would buy. Twice xD"
,Recommended,252490,9196300,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,grammar,I like this
76561198123175906,Recommended,252490,9165200,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mé Fondle,♥♥♥♥ this game. It's brilliant.
,Recommended,252490,9168314,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,RageMonkey,"Find a good server, make some pals and all is good. Found a sweet spot for our base in the boons. Thought no one would find it. After being there for a few hours gathering and crafting, we had a random guy walk into our house (didn't close the door like noobs) and informed us we should close our door :P He then left. So far in this game I've encountered a lot more players than similar sandbox games and only 1 guy shot on sight, because he thought I was someone else. Not bad ratio at all.The UI is clunky, not terrible, but not great either. It's workable once you know where the wrinkles are and how to avoid them. Not nearly as bad as dayz mod inventory.Overall a fun game, could use a larger map with more players and more towns. Also the resources seem to spawn in the same valleys, but leave many other valleys empty. Would be nice if the resources were a little more spread out and random in all areas. Not bad for an alpha and pretty addicting. No doubt you can get at least 20 bucks worth of gaming out of it.100 Hours in: The game became stale and the server to player ratio was ridiculous. Seems like if someone failed on a server, they'd give up and create their own. So no there's 1 sever for every 2 people playing. Also found that you have to dedicated your life to this game if you want to keep your home and belongings. It's not a game you can easily jump in and out of. Still a fun game, but after some time you feel like any progress you make is no doubt going to be demolished and you'll be starting from scratch again next week."
,Recommended,252490,9168851,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Flip_Switch,"A mix between Minecraft, and Dayz horribly addictive! :D"
76561198070876780,Recommended,252490,9334053,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Mr.Slick,"Man, im WAY happier with the new updates. Devs have really started working, the content is amazing, new maps, items, weapons, community items etc. This thing in my library now for sure is the best survival game i had. :D"
76561198021785719,Recommended,252490,9353445,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,h u s k y,I got brutally murdered by a bunch of naked guys after they complimented my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,252490,9406279,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Markowski_,Iron does not oxidize in this game.0/10
,Recommended,252490,18473499,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SPUTNIK [AFK],11/10-Meets a friendy guy-Builds a base with friendly guy-Raids a hackers base with  friendly guy-Dies with friendly guy-Loses all items with friendly guy-Found 2 rocket launchers with friendly guy-Attacks russian hacker base while naked with only rpg with friendly guy-Notice's doors are all open with friendly guy-Goes in and steals everything with friendly guy-RUN FOREST RUN with friendly guy-Friendly guy had to go to the dentist-Now I'm rich you ♥♥♥♥ers11/10 would friendly guy again.
,Recommended,252490,18435122,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Comic Mischief,"Minecraft with guns, traps, and realistic survival."
,Recommended,252490,14808248,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Frost | Blel,Great gameSadly there are many hackers
76561197972184152,Recommended,252490,8066643,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,NiTeMaYoR,"Definitely a lot of potential here. Love the fact that this is like minecraft/terraria but with 3D model characters! Just watch out, lots of people like to raid and troll you early on... can get frustrating, but it's just so fun!"
,Recommended,252490,8930344,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,❤ milkkore 宇野昌磨,"Rust is often and probably somewhat accurately described as the love child of Minecraft (gathering resources, crafting, building bases) and DayZ (looting towns, trying to not get killed before you even see your enemy).Surviving and thriving in this game is hard; the environment and especially the people playing it tend to be harsh and you will die a lot at first but once you found some helpful people to team up with (or even better, convinced your friends to run around naked on this apocalyptic island together) you'll have a blast. Between hilarious encounters and sheer panic you'll live through many memorable experiences.So far the game is about 10% complete according to the developers but it's already very playable and a lot of fun. Patches with new content are coming out about every week and the community is having a visible influence on design decisions made in them.Bonus points for fantastic music by the Swedish Dark Ambient legends Atrium Carceri!"
,Recommended,252490,9167907,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Nixon.,its good because you can be naked
,Recommended,252490,9234874,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MetelStairs,Its the spiritual succecer to Day one garrys incident which is a critticly acclaimed game made by Garry Gaben Grudge.Its a zombie survival with no zombiesIts clealy just a reskined minecraft rip off a shamefull one i may add.This game is the best hardcore League Of Legends MLG nudity included vija games of the EU server no free rp ftw.Calm down everone Jk.Sorry please dont downvote.:D
,Recommended,252490,8604640,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,{SK} Marux,Eat some beans and shoot mans in the dong. A great experience.
,Recommended,252490,8973035,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,✪ StulN,"This is one of the most entertaining games I've playing in my entire life, although it is still in it's early development. I recommend playing it with a couple of friends, though, unless you want to be ambushed by a group of naked men trying to beat you to death with rocks because you have 3 water bottles and a milk chocolate in your pocket. Even though the community is filled with scumbags, I recommend giving it a try. Also, the voice chat is hilarious.10/10"
76561198098947543,Recommended,252490,8596071,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Tuna,"this game is very good for an alpha I like the graphics,animals,and the environment of it.I find it cool the way admins can get mods and wish more mods will be added to the game and hamachi servers for free instead of £36 a month!I do reccomend this game to people if you like survival games like minecraft or dayZ and i would really reccomend this game.Cant wait for the real game!"
,Recommended,252490,27935468,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Awskar,i was surprised how much fun i would have. Spawning and running naked untill i run into someone is strangly made fun :D
76561198107803439,Recommended,252490,10134181,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Terebonqia1337,Great game really fun with friends and its a great way to meet new people. But you cant trust everyone. >:)
,Recommended,252490,12439884,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Fable,I shot a naked man asking for food and supplies simply because it was funny.And then I went home and booted up Rust.It's good9/10
,Recommended,252490,14378444,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Diretide,"Well to anyone out there that wants to buy Rust,this game is not well complete but the last few weeks i have seen major updates that make the game more fun and better,as this is an early acess there will be some bugs and glitches but they are gonna get fixed by the development team and even if it is early acess i get fun out of it especially with my friends and i sugest this game to anyone out there who likes survival games and playing with his friends8,5/10 - Diretide O.Y.K."
76561198052117082,Recommended,252490,11433127,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Skils,This game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥ing billiance gj :):):)
,Recommended,252490,15003968,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,JamieOnUbuntu,"Rust is a great game that stays fun for hours and hours, but it does not run well on Linux. While playing on absolute minimum graphics settings on a good computer, the new version of Rust barely reaches 30fps. The game is choppy and the fps drops even lower when near alot of buildings on high population servers.The game is marketed as Linux compatible, which it is, but it is not Linux playable.Rust legacy runs very well on Linux, but this is dying out as most players have moved over to the new Rust version.Edit: 4th August 2015 - All of the Linux performance issues seem to have been fixed and the game now runs just fine!Edit: 11th April 2017 - Undownloaded workshop content causes major performance issues on Linux. Restart Steam to trigger the workshop content downloads and it should be fine after that."
,Recommended,252490,14908136,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Cabalist,"I bought this game for me and my friend in the beginning of January in 2015. We decided that we were going to be bandits. So we got into a server and met this strange naked man. So we decided to team with him for a little while. After we were friends for a little while me and my friend decided that we were going to kill him and take his stuff. So after he left his house we followed him. I killed him with four shots from a revolver. As we were waiting for his backpack to unlock he came back. So I killed him after he killed my friend. His backpack finally unlocked. As I was collecting his gear, He came up next to me and repeatedly shot me in my eye brows. I died. I was lying on the ground dead crying all over my now sweat drenched body as he takes all of my gear. He asks me ""Why did you kill me?"" Out of nowhere I here ""I WANT THE LOOTS"" and bullets start flying. My friend kills him.10/10 Would cry again."
76561198032171538,Recommended,252490,10310113,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,The Godfather,if you are looking for a game to have fun with friends then this is the one for you with a twist between minecraft and day-z. it is a great game and you can see your self playing it for endles houres.
,Recommended,252490,15990510,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[LB] Crazy_Muffins,"Most people have heard of Rust by now, other reviews explain the game in better ways so i'm just going to say this:Apart from the poor optimization and bugs here and there (Though those are normally few and far between) Rust is fun. It's got its issues, but it's still fun to play. Building is enjoyable, fire fights are awesome and raiding someone else? Well, that's just tops!I recommend Rust to almost anyone, BUT be prepared for bugs, crashes, low frame rates at times and of course prepare for players who are 120%♥♥♥♥♥♥and 10% bullets."
76561198303899903,Recommended,252490,25779101,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ulumuri,"One of my top games at the moment. Imagine minecraft but its got better graphics, better weapons and is filled with players that just want you dead and your stuff. Imagine the game that last made you rage the most then times that by 100 and your about half way to the rage this game produces. I absolutly love it the pvp is insane the building is something you have to seriously think about and the community ranges from the occassional friendly to cold hearted kill on sighters. If you're unsure about getting the game then look on youtube for content vids by Ser Winter, Vertiigo, Faceless, KCmo and Holyman (there's a lot more but they're my faves). <3"
,Recommended,252490,16216475,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,TONSofDALT,"INTRORust has to be one of my favorite games I've played on Steam.  That being said, it is NOT all fun and games.  If you're looking for something to hold your hand and ease you into the experience, as I'm sure you already know Rust is not for you.  You're immediately thrown into a pot of complete social chaos, which I can easily say makes the game.  You really never know what you'll run into with the endless number of wackjobs and jokers playing alongside you.  Without any friends to play with you may not survive the experience.  To be quite honest you'll probably find the game quite boring and most likely rage quit due to hours of time wasted only to be brutally murdered, raided, etc due to lack of protection...  But once you do get a crew going, this game can be a hell of a lot of fun (which my hundreds of hours of gameplay can attest to.)PROS:-Great, hilarious, downright awesome player interaction-Beautiful game-Updated weekly with great new stuff!CONS:-Also A LOT of terribly rude, hair-tearing and rage-inducing player interaction-No fun without friends (that's to be expected)-Steals hours upon hours of your life, both good and badCONCLUSIONIn the end, Rust is basically what you make of it.  If you're the type who enjoys smashing your expensive computer hardware when upset...  Probably not the game for you.  However, if you've got a few buddies to play with and think you can take a bit of a beating, then in my opinion the game iswellworth it.  I'll put it this way - I've had countless experiences in Rust; both good and bad; and I honestly only remember the good.  So that's why I recommend Rust 100%.  Thanks for reading my review."
,Recommended,252490,8385188,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Special Greg,Rust is better than WarZ and is still in Alpha (meaning they'll be adding way more to the game)... I played over 200hrs in less than 2 weeks. Loved it so much I bought a server. Install and join now.net.connect 74.119.147.154:28045
,Recommended,252490,29739274,Posted: 6 February,all,ああ、あなたをファッ,"Its a game I play. Its very rage endusing when you die and lose everthing to an aimbotter, please make a better anti cheat thanks garry."
,Recommended,252490,8896928,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,EriktheR3d,Extremely addicting. Buy this over DayZ. much more complete and so much more fun. 2 thumbs up :) 5 stars
,Recommended,252490,8851746,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TheEtruscanTyrant,"Rust is a very enjoyable game its quite an addictive game because you always want more, guns ammo bigger base. This game has got some aspects of dayz in that there are zombies and survivers it also has alot in common with minecraft in that you have to craft everything and make bases. I would highly reccomend this game as I cannot get enough of it."
76561198077832567,Recommended,252490,8984146,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,1D-25 Trapper,One of the best games ive ever played if you like it then you should get it!
,Recommended,252490,8984564,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Spetsnaz_Zombie,I suggest buying this game no matter what your playing style is there is always something going on for you in this game.
,Recommended,252490,8547621,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,yokatie,"This game is filled with naked men and bears with a vengence. Anyone who is capable of smashing a rock on a tree will be considered god, and if you happen to lure a few friends into getting completely entranced into your RUST server you be able to receive air drops with wood and metal house items. You can now be naked in your very own home! It's especially fun when you meet up with random naked men and battle it out with your rocks. Is this game worth the $20? Most certainley. 10/10 would bang. Err, *buy."
,Recommended,252490,8823014,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Dr. Bhatnagar,Edit 2: I miss old alpha.EDIT: 2/20/14 Zombies have been taken out of game... questionable call. They have been replaced by red wolves and red bears. Not near as fun to kill. They said it is only a temporary thing.This game is still in early alpha and this is one of my most favorite games to play! The fact of getting raw chicken out of any animal is amazing! Survive and trust no one but the people you know. Realistic version of Minecraft. More stable than DayZ. The fight to stay alive. Suggestion: Get a shotgun and blow the zombies up when they get really close to you. Rating: 20/10.
76561197980059426,Recommended,252490,8823598,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bp~,"Lol, i build stairs up to get onto peoples roofs, drop into  their house if they forget to add a ceiling, and I kill them in their sleep and break all their♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 lulz 2 be had with friends."
,Recommended,252490,8557307,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Roble,"Definitely a fun game with a ridiculous amount of potential, personally have had more fun in my 70 or so hours then in more on Dayz. Is pretty rough at the moment but things will be ironed out and dont listen to peoples tales of woe as they are stupid."
76561198016485342,Recommended,252490,9213566,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,tangdr,"Having read previous reviews of the game i found myself extremely paranoid of this vast island. I found a pig and repeatedly bashed its head in with a rock until i got myself some chicken breast from it. Night was falling fast and a naked man with a rock was getting dangerously close to me. I ran as fast as i could and hid on top of a mountain. There i made a small shack and a fire to keep warm from the cold night. Fearing i would be spotted I packed up my things and started adventuring at dawn. Falling down the mountain i found another player sleeping. I bashed his head in with a rock and found the best things in the game. Guns,ammo,medkits,armor,food,etc. The player had no idea who had killed him and so i was off the hook. I followed a road, or should i say the ONLY road and arrived at a hotel. There i made friends with a small group of people and soon enough i was known as the most powerful player on the server. Nobody dared attack me and they all worshipped me as a god. This was only about 25 minutes into the game at that point. I still had no home to call my own. I started to build a couple walls and a roof but i still needed a door. I needed more supplies to build the locking metal door and so i went to look for supplies. A shirtless man appeared holding a rock asking for any donations from me. I offered him some of my food and told him i would gladly make him some clothes and if he were to help me with my house he could have himself a room. As soon as i finished typing this a man shot me in the back of the head with a shotgun and i lost everything i had. I was then insulted repeatedly and everyone realised that i was in fact not a god and that i was just some inexperienced new guy... A friendly man approached me and gave me some of his wood and cooked chicken. We then broke into a house and stayed there all night long. When i awoke i was killed by the friendly man and his trusty rock.Amazing game that brings a lot of laughs and taught me that if i kill a bear,deer,pig, and probably any other animal, i will indeed get raw chicken breast.And also never trust anybody.Especially the naked men armed with rocks. Overall 20/10"
,Recommended,252490,9243387,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MrSpades,"One of the BEST games I have ever owned.  The funny thing is, it's only in Alpha.  So amazing and is only going to get better.  I thank you Gary for creating a game that I have been looking for, for a long time."
76561198070369127,Recommended,252490,9310013,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,coldzero,Bears have suitcases .....enough said
,Recommended,252490,9466856,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,the fisting of reddit circlejerk,You spawn without clothes.15/10
76561198111895498,Recommended,252490,9481759,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,hugh fuckus,A GAME ABOUT NAKED PEOPLE RUNNGI NAROUDN AND GETTING KILLED BHY PEOPEL THAT HAVE better stuff then htem and then having to start all over again but awsome game deffinatly 10 out of 10 oranges
,Recommended,252490,9498157,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tox,Naked caveman shot me with a M410/10
76561198126608565,Recommended,252490,9484120,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Merkenator,♥♥♥♥♥♥every where
,Recommended,252490,9782586,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Doctor Dragon(医師の竜),"Rust is one of those games where you have to get started once you get started in the game however it is one of the funnest games i have ever played, when determining if you should get rust you should consider the following.1. It is extremely hard to start out in servers that have people with amazingly good loots and other objects that take ages to aquire such as a pickaxe, a gun or even, explosives.2. The game has no real purpose yet, so when you have the greatest gear there is not much more you can do, other than steal random objects that really are of no value to you because you already have the best gear so in the end it is boring, however getting to the top is almost impossible (just saying).3. Now this game is excellent if you have quite abit of time on your hands, it is mmo-ish and all the things you build can do this thing called decay, this is the worst thing since nails on a chalkboard, if you have a wood structure and are off for about I dont know 24 hours your house will ""decay"" and you have to repair it or it will start breaking from the top down.4. This game is like Minecraft crossed with Dayz and a little bit of Counter Strike.Overall this is such a fun game and I thoroughly enjoy killing bears with shotguns, have fun : )"
76561198074621257,Recommended,252490,9793996,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,ON9931,awesome game! I totally recommend this
,Recommended,252490,9766940,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Hunsta,"From your first day in rust while beating naked men to death with a rock, to your last with making a metal fortress and wondering where your life has gone. Rust for most is a very fun and addictive game to get into.  With base building, pvp, betrayal, and survival. Rust is like an endless pit that just sucks your time away mostly when you have a base constantly having to check on it and expand. Rust overall is an good game and i give it a 6/10. Mainly because of the random naked men coming up to you yelling ""WIGGERS"" and killing you. But this is a good game for people with patience, time, and tolerance of having to start over."
,Recommended,252490,8974810,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,SGT. Osama Binbag,Best game for♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,252490,9074754,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MooseInTheCrease,Nothing is better than a bunch of naked men bashing eachother with rocks.BEST GAME EVER
,Not Recommended,252490,10039678,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Kobold Kommando,In Alpha form it is unbalanced and suffers from hackers who can locate all people and inventory items thus ruining any counter measures you put in place. As such I can not recommend to purchase in it's current form. I will revise my opinion several months from now and see if the hacking issues get dealt with.
,Recommended,252490,9120937,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Matthewcp,I asked a guy if I could axe him a question. He shot me.
,Recommended,252490,9052138,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dalai_Lmao,"IF YOU ARE DECIDING TO GET THIS GAME OR NOT, GET IT! THIS GAME ROCKS! LITERALLY! You spawn with a rock, hit things with a rock, build your home on a rock, defend your home with a rock, and heck, you even sleep with your rock!"
,Recommended,252490,8884102,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ThatGuyBenny,gued gane buye it
,Recommended,252490,16223566,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,JAM!,Took one hour to load the map.Took a day to make a house.Took a week to get kevlar.Took 3 seconds to lose everything.9/10 I lost my social life.
76561198067106607,Recommended,252490,13865387,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TwoPotato,"My favorite game currently, even if I dont put the most hours into it.. Its just one of those games you come back to and enjoy for a few days straight.  You'll get butthurt, needlessly slaughtered by some nakeds, raided by some bucket headed guys who worked together and rushed to make guns on a freshly wiped server.  Thats rust.  ITS AWESOME!  All that seems kind of bad, but remember, as that happens to you, you can do it to others.  You will find friendly faces too, just not often.  It is not a perfect game yet, but I think for it being early access you get quite seemless gameplay.  The last update has messed things up a bit, sometimes doorlocks arent working and servers are frequently wiping.  Otherwise I have had little to no issues on rust.  Enjoy."
,Recommended,252490,14708240,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tolp Romra,It was ok
,Recommended,252490,11334825,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Fishy ♿,Beat a top of the class navy seal to death with my rock and army of men with flaccid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10 Would recommend
,Recommended,252490,15433852,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,tr1,"This game is Amazing This is my 1st day1. Spawn in2. I see a person3. I say ""Hey Friendly im New""4. The guy handed me a gun and Ammo5. I loaded the gun and killed the guy6. Saw him again, Killed him7. Sniped From Mountain top"
,Recommended,252490,10122440,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,JukeNegro420,"i completely love how good this game is not a joke floating bears and basically no save points are the best parts and i love how wolfs are stronger than bears coz they are assassins and dont have aids at all - Tiny Willy Johnosn ""2014"""
76561198124970206,Recommended,252490,17220711,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jackiboy,"A game that really has a potential and you get really in to it, once you have survived your first night it's almost impossible to stop playing. Making friends through the game isn't really the best thing ever, you will most likely get killed and  spawn back on the beach again!I recommend the game if you have a friend to play with because the world feels really dead, you don't see players that often just roaming around and at night it can get a bit scary.Rading ofcourse! One of the best things is ofcourse raiding, when you accomplish to raid someone you feel like the king of the world, raiding is a big ego boost!As you may have already known the game has a lot of bugs and glitches though that is expected when it is a Early Acces game.The game feels like it has alot of potential to it and in my opinion it is worth the 19,99€You will not be disapointed!"
,Recommended,252490,20292653,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mrs. Emma 'Bob' Peel,"First time I tried it, at a very early stage, I didn't like it at all, didn't get it, gave up.Then I happened to see a Rust video on youtube and noticed that the game had changed a lot so I tried it again and now I really like it.Gather stuff, build your hut, get attacked, lose all your stuff, take ages to get back on your feet, then get killed by a bear, finally make some friends, build a castle you think is the best ever only to see it destroyed during its first attack.And start over.Also lots of crazy people, some rude, many vulgar, some insane.Make sure to find a good server with admins so just in case someone is actually ruining your game by cheating or harassing you, you can get it sorted out.Also make sure you look into some of the more unusual servers, such as the Dark Ages one where you're supposed to go medieval on someone's backside."
,Recommended,252490,9070013,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,1001,Really amazing game. Best in this genre.I recommend it :3
76561198132085769,Recommended,252490,20683378,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,XXXTENTACION,The best 21.99 i have ever spent .....in my entire life..
,Recommended,252490,21667322,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,»haze,"You can be the nice guy, make friends, build your base in peace.Or you can be ruthless, kill anyone in your path, start wars on the servers.Its a frustrating, rewarding, fun, beautiful looking game.10/10 would rust again."
76561198177684749,Recommended,252490,20139506,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,💕JONI💕,yup
,Recommended,252490,9227898,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mrs. Popter,"This is a great game and I heard that the game is only 10% of the way done! I find myself playing this game for hours at a time and not even realizing it. I highly reccomend getting the game if you like addicting games. This game, to me, feels like minecraft (because you can craft things) and Day z (because of the survival aspect."
,Recommended,252490,9557561,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,☭ zloj ☭,I love it!
,Recommended,252490,9030415,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,magicmunkey,"The base of a great game, better since they removed zombies and replaced with wildlife. The building is entertaining and adds different risks/rewards. A larger building gives more defense and space but also draws more attention from bandits.The gameplay is a little clunky and the sound effects are still placeholders but the core of the mechanics work well. At the moment ont he official servers game updates will wipe your progress which is a shame but people should not forget that this is still in alpha and lots of stuff will no doubtedly change before release.Overall the game is great fun but be ready for a challenge, you will be killed over and over until you get the hang of what you need to do to survive. It's refreshing to have a survival FPS which isn't a DayZ clone.I'd give it a solid 7/10 for now."
,Recommended,252490,28516612,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hazelnut,"Very hostile game, but just find friends to play with on there and you'll most likely enjoy it, I know I have."
,Recommended,252490,25331345,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dinohunter,"I was really curious why rust was getting mixed reviews recently and realized there was a ton of people who simply didn't like the xp system.Here's my two cents on it. Before the xp system it was possible for big clans to get rockets and aks and top gear day one because their numbers can outpush anybody in the monuments. Afterwards this allowed players to spread out instead of having to stick near the monuments to get the bps. Plus with the bp system there was a huge dice roll chance when it came to using the books/libraries to try to get the high level stuff you wanted. Or you had to stockpile tons of frags to do so.The short end of this analysis was that you usually had to either send a group or have a solo guy farming for frags constantly and on big servers this could mean that the small groups will never have a real chance to progress tech wise. Currently the system slows down the power gain train of big groups by ensuring that everyone has to do something that is usually beneficial to gain exp. Whether it's farming or crafting. This also means that there aren't many deadweight players in groups because they are more inclined to farm to gain levels (like xbox achievements its addicting).Now with the solo player experience. Facepunch has recently wanted to shift the game to more gorup orientated because they figured that people have more fun in groups and it's good to build communities. One of the best ways to keep people playing rust is to let them make friends. However rust has been and probably will be a game where killing randos for loot is much more profitable. It's not very common that you can get a group going for a long period of time where the players aren't all IRL friends. Should this mean facepunch is going to scrap solo play or something like that? Maybe, but extremely doubtful. It's quite possible for solo players to run and gun down a few players, loot em and stockpile and do all that. What's even better now for solo's is that they are guaranteed to get certain tech instead of having to rely on stealing or luck from bps/barrels.IMO the current exp system is amazing for the game because it allows a slower power creep and makes groups usually more contributive."
,Recommended,252490,21720497,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,-LaterNerd-,I love this game its a great game to play with friends or just yourself. The gun mechanics are spot on and just look of the game is amazing. Building is arguably one of my favorite things to do in Rust you can build almost anything. Caves are my favorite place to build. When you kill someone (even a noob) you feel satisfied with yourself.  My favorite thing to do is go deep on some zergs { A large group relying on number to accomadate for there terrible pvp}  usually they have huge compunds i just pretend im a slave and then go deep. Now with the component system  is my favorite. I think it is fair for solo and for multiple players for an even start. :)
76561198185318886,Recommended,252490,25224992,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Anikan Dank Walker,I love rust much me and Flying_weka are good mates we play this game as much as we can we have been decked but dew to servers not updating to the wipes we cant go back on them but it doesnt make a bad game at all i think thye have done really well in putting the blue print system and xp system together but the one thing i hate is the ninja bears XD i highley recommend this game to people who love killing mining chopping and shooting overall i hope that people that play rust in the early acsess gets some kind of bonus when it is released anf thankyou so much again the creators of rust for the best game i haver ever played keep the good work up guys DAIN over and out.
,Recommended,252490,11545503,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,SpagootiMan,I would definatly recomend this game to anyone into survival / pvp games. This is personaly one of the best games of the year in my oppinion! 10/10
76561198120970482,Not Recommended,252490,24489642,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,bug,"New updates slowly are ruining the game.Very unfriendly to new players, clans have massive advantages.Clans can now make top tier loot even quicker than before. All forms of raiding other than C4 are also removed, further hindering the ability of casual players to get a foothold.Me and my friends used to play this game all the time, now we have no chance against huge clans who have guns while we still have spears.Farming takes forever and the only way to level up is to just completely no life it.Rust used to make you have to think and evaluate and exploit weaknesses before raiding, now the only way is to just blow a huge whole in the base.The gap between clans and new players is bigger than ever and its not fun anymore, as someone who has played since Legacy these series of updates are awful.Nothing used to be guranteed in Rust, now it is all about who can get slaves to no life them to level 20.Very unfair to new and casual players"
,Recommended,252490,22747698,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Peek_a_Babe,"Great game, very few bugs... wish the wall hacking bears would go away though and sometimes the game won't respond, (probably b/c I have a mac) still love this game a ton. Great survival and great for friends and groups of players. People a friendly, you can meet new fun people, and take an awesome adventure <3 love Rust"
76561197994157200,Recommended,252490,22919268,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chester,In my oppinion Rust is easily the Best multi-player/solo-player survival game available! I highly recommend rust!
,Recommended,252490,21025136,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Factro | Stretch,"This game on the other hand delivers an experience I've never had before with these type of games. not a solo game. People are likely to kill you a lot, but for some people this can be fun too. However with friends this game is simply amazing and I hope the developers keep up the good work and make this game even more amazing."
76561198081836553,Recommended,252490,24058945,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MEGA FAGGOT,If you love waking up on beaches and smashing naked people with rocks then Rust is your game.
