user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,252570,9948898,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,J o n e x,"I'm very impressed with this game so far.Considering it was built by one person, this is a lot of work that could have fooled me into thinking a larger studio was behind it! The concept of the labyrinth and all the terrifying enemies lurking within is a very strong idea for a game. The dev could have taken the easy way out and just made it a simple linear hack and slash game. But instead there are procedurally generated environments, a host of different enemies, a stealth option, and even a simple economy. The hard work really speaks for itself and I'm very happy to support it.Depths of Fear: Knossos is a fun experience that I can't wait to continue playing."
,Recommended,252570,10539733,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Spirit,"If you're anything like me you grew up with your father, uncle, or brother forcing you to watch classic Ray Harryhausen films with the dinosaurs and the mythological beasties and all that jazz. And if you continue to be eerily similar to me you didn't appreciate it at the time. ""BUT DAD, THIS IS CORNY AND TERRIBLE."" And if you continue, despite the NUMEROUS cease and desist orders, to be essentially me, you love those movies now. That janky, claymation silliness. It's a nostalgic gold mine, watching the Seventh Voyage of Sinbad and the old Clash of the Titans movie. If you aren't familiar with these classics, check them out. They're all probably on Youtube and Netflix. They're charming, epic, and they've aged surprisingly well. ""Depths of Fear: Knossos"" captures that Harryhausen spirit.You are young Theseus, patron badass of Athens. You've opted to join the unhappy sacrifices this year at Minotaurapalooza on Crete to finally end angsty cuckold king Minos' cruel subjugation of your people. You're tossed into the Labyrinth, Daedalus' engineering feat meant to contain the Minotaur. Minos' daughter gives you further incentive: defeat my gross half-brother and we can abscond and make kissy faces forever! That's the story. Fans of antiquity and mythology will have a blast as they head into each arena facing Greek beasts of legend and myth: the satyr, the centaur, and of course Minos' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bull son himself. You'll descend, roguelike, deeper and deeper into the Labyrinth, grabbing weapons and facing standard, killable foes while avoiding the main baddie until you reach the end, facing off in a lava arena death match.This game is not the prettiest. Lighting is pretty good... and the mosaics/columns really put you in the setting. But the enemies and combat are clunky and ugly. But it still works! It feels great to stealthily complete an area, grabbing loot and potions, praying to deities for assistance. It's also very tense. You'll walk slowly through each area, grabbing coins, finding books with clues, and lighting your torch ocassionally to better see and then BAM, you hear the telltale bleat of a satyr. Now you're hoofin' it, pun unintended.For fans of mythology, for fans Ray Harryhausen and bygone filmmaking techniques, pick this up. It's absurdly cheap and absurdly fun.The Minotaur awaits."
76561198043769449,Recommended,252570,12821656,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Birdman,"Please note: at the time of writing this review, I have only played through the first set of levels, involving the satyr.Is it perfect? No.It has more than its fair share of problems - mostly minor things, like the sound of the satyr's hoofsteps not matching up with his actual animated hoofsteps - but a few fairly major things too. I personally haven't experienced anything totally game-breaking as of yet, but looking at some of the other reviews, it seems that past versions of the game had bugs which made it entirely unplayable.With that out of the way:Is it fun? Hell yes.The sneaking segments (i.e. most of the game) are randomly generated and have good variety, while the end-stages of each branch, wherein you must face head-on the monster you've, up until then, been skulking around in the shadows to avoid, feel like Quake with melee weapons. I gleefully await the day when I've gathered enough gold coins to buy the crossbow, so I can leap over railings and shoot zombies and skeletons in the head before whipping out my gladius as I land to finish off the rest.Other thoughts:At first I was confused by the old-timey grainy film filter, but I think it really adds to the aesthetic the game is trying to capture. The whole game feels like a top-down dungeon adventure game from the early 90s, but from a first-person perspective. The walls and floors look deceptively detailed and smooth from far off, but up close, many of the textures are almost Minecraft-esque in their pixelation. Every aspect of the game, from the retro, almost-8-bit soundtrack, to the score screens at the end of each level, to the somehow-always-there-to-sell-you-things shopkeeper at the beginning of each level, adds to this effect. And boy, does it work for me.That the whole game is based around Greek mythology only increases my enjoyment, having been a lover of mythology my whole life. You play as Theseus, for crying out loud. The shopkeeper? Daedalus. There are shrines scattered about the levels at which you can offer collected knowledge in exchange for divine powers, and the tooltip for the shrine of Poseidon reads (to paraphrase) ""Poseidon: King of the Waves, Your Father, God of the Ocean"". The fact that they just casually mention that Poseidon is Theseus' real father, and don't bother to offer any explanation? It made me squee.I am a huge nerd.At any rate, this game is worth far more than six dollars. If it goes on sale again, you'd be insane not to grab it."
,Not Recommended,252570,17480267,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,White Shadow,"I don't know if to love this game or to hate it. It has a pretty badass concept of having to fight legendary monsters from Greek mythology in eerie dark dungeons, but it's just executed so badly that I am only left disappointed.The levels seem to be randomly generated, and your main goal is to slay 7 legendary creatures so that you can unlock a weapon that will let you defeat the final challenge - the Minotaur. The atmosphere is great. It really is spooky and keeps you on the edge of your seat. But it's also ridiculously dark and you can barely see anything, even with your torch fully lit. Switch off the torch and you might as well play with your eyes closed, because there won't be any difference.The creatures are all crazy overpowered. They all seem to have tonnes of health, some get backup from lesser creatures, and some can even 1-hit kill you. To add salt to the wound, even if you try to be stealthy and hide in the shadows, the creatures still spot you a lot of the time, from behind walls or far corners of the map. You can't hide from them and you can't beat them. You just keep dying over and over.There are some weapons you can buy before going into the dungeon areas, but those cost a lot of gold, and gold can only be found in the dungeon areas themselves, and you can't backtrack to the shop once you're in the dungeon. The only way out is to either complete the level or to die, and when you die, you lose all the gold you've found in that level. So you just end up having to face impossible odds with weak weapons over and over.The game also seems to lag a fair bit. I put all the settings to low and switched off camera fx, and the best I can do is to run it at a stable 12 FPS. I guess that makes those hard battles even harder.Overall, I kind of wish this game was streamlined a bit better, to let the player get better and be able to challenge stronger creatures with time and persistence. From the almost 2 hours I've played of this game, I've gotten nowhere. I did gain some fun out of getting killed in funny ways and recording it, but that eventually gets old and you just wish to be able to actually play the game as it was intended. Not a bad game, but try at your own risk. Unfortunately I can't recommend it in its current state."
,Not Recommended,252570,14820248,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"I find it difficult to recommend this game because it's largely unchanged from early access. The concept is really great, you're navigating a series of randomly generated mazes as you avoid monsters from Greek mythology. It's a cool idea but the stealth doesn't always work and the levels are so dark you can barely see a thing.The sound and lighting is really good and there are some spooky sections, but the overall thing just feels unfinished and still like it's in development. This is not a full release as far as I'm concerned.Here's hoping they keep patching it and fixing things up.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h85cQkRg36Q"
,Recommended,252570,13889733,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tony Clifton,"Ray Harryhausen was brought back from the dead and hired to reboot the Chess Master series. He instead took acid and gave them this.I loved the experience this game gave me for the first two hours. It's so different and frankly ""janky"". There were times where I was screaming ""What is going on ?"" for 10 to 15 minutes at a time.The game randomly generates levels for you to navigate through in the pitch black. It's one of the scariest first encounters I've ever had with a game but, it wears off fast. You figure out how everything works and move on.The issue I had with the game is how it goes about doing the ""random"" business.It seems like sometimes you can get a spawn with no loot, no mobs, no...anything, except for the creature your trying to avoid.I went through the last levels ( last four bosses with three levels each) with literally no mob spawns. This turns the game into run as fast as possible and get the key and leave the level...and also made the game extremely easy... It killed the original fun I had through the first two hours,The only reason why I'm not upset or on here crying about it is because, this was just my luck.Other players who've I've played along side with had 100% completely different experiences that sounded amazing...and that's what I love about Depths of Fear :: Knossos or at least what it's trying to do. The idea that was behind it.What makes this review even harder to write is the fact the things I loved about this game, I'm not entirely sure they were intentional from the dev.Such as these cattywampus events- Music not properly playing- Sounds not properly working- Lighting issues (so frigging dark you can't see anything to blinding rays of death)I'll put it like this. I never saw this game (lighting wise) as it's shown in the trailers or the screen shots. I checked the settings and maybe I'm just not bright enough to find where to fix or change it.My experiences was running through the dark with a somewhat useless torch and falling into pits of spikes, lava, ants, deadly gases, and all other manner of horrible business that I couldn't fully see.- Getting stuck in walls and the floor far too often- Beautiful graphics that sometimes look like you're playing Minecraft in a TF2 server(you'll know what I mean if you've played it)All these things and more made my experience a blast and I don't mean this in a sarcastic way.This game and it's sole developer are totally worth your time.I do however, recommend you pick it up during a steam sale though.I hope the dev can learn from player feedback and improve upon what they've done with this title.I can't wait for the follow-up to this game that's planned for 2015.- A barely understandable review written by someone who has no idea how to make video games.TL;DR: That damn goat needs to buy some pants."
76561198116833589,Recommended,252570,9925018,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Inominandum,"I just started getting into it, but so far its great. for a less than $10 game, its amazing. The graphics have a cool retro-chic thing going on. They're not quite up-to-date (as you'd probably expect from a title like this) but the devs used some cool filters to give it a unique look which combined with somewhat decent dynamic lighting make a game that can have some impressive moments visually.The environments have some range and depth and most pull off a good spooky vibe. The monsters illicit proper ""Oh S***! A MONSTER!"" reactions. The historic/mythical setting is tastefully executed. If it interests you enough to be reading this, buy it. At the price, you can't go wrong."
76561197991895839,Not Recommended,252570,9958975,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Blindga,"I only had about an hour with this game, but my short experience with this game was not pleasant. I did not like this game, and will probably never pick it up again after this review.Good:I will say one good thing about this game:I really like the setting and feel it has. There is a depressing and dark mood it establishes right from the start. There aren't a lot of greek-themed games quite like this either, which is refreshing, and the adventure itself is uncomfortably tense. Dragged out of a cell, thrown into a dark maze, running through shadows avoiding traps and monsters to find the key to the next level of the maze. It does have a rather good feel about it.And the sound effects are alright. Nothing impressive, but that's not a bad thing so long as they work when they should.Bad:It didn't take me a long time for me to tell that this game was not going to be fun. I'm only going off my experience with the first few levels of the Satyr's dungeon, but first impressions are what matters, and despite this game's good mood there just isn't any good gameplay to match.Firstly, this game feels very easy. Regular enemies like zombies and skeletons die in one or two hits from the starting weapon, and the Satyr is ridiculously easy to escape from. It just feels all wrong. This game should be challenging, sudden, and frightening, but every attempt I made told me otherwise; sometimes I cleared floors running around with my torch lit and never got hit once. Finally, I also noticed your health regenerates when you are close to death, or at least appears to.And on the note of the Satyr, his walk animation looks ridiculous, and like most regular enemies his A.I. is just stupid. every other level he gets stuck on a corner, and his torch will clip through the wall; causing unsightly lighting glitches. Regular enemies also have a tendency to go through prop things and spawn on top of breakable props; which just looks silly for a game that is trying to be serious and tense.And a few things just don't seem to work at all. There are these spinning turrets that look like they are designed to shoot fire, but I jumped right in front of one once and it didn't do anything. Another time I found a book that warns that the Satyr has a charging attack, but he never used it on me whenever he found me, and would instead walk towards me as usual. The Satyr doesn't even have a change in stance when he finds you. He just howls once, and then proceeds to walk towards you at the exact same pace he does when he wanders around.This game isn't scary either. I didn't find a brightness setting in the menu, and it was easy to see through the darkness without ever using the torch. Most of the time I never did use the torch. And the slow response of the enemies kind of takes away any pressure the game attempts to give you. The music is also all wrong for a game that should be scarier than what it is. Regular enemies should be creepy and unexpected, but they are often stupid and easy to spot. The monsters should be quick to take advantage of the player, and a pain to confront; but they seem so plain.I also noticed this game has a lot less depth than it likes to think it has. You get gold to buy weapons, but there are only eight, and they don't seem to be all that special from each other. What potential variety and interest there would be to gathering gold to buy some of the nicer weapons is destroyed by the fact that weapons spawn randomly too; meaning I got a really nice axe on the second level of my first attempt on this game.There is also some 'lore' that you can obtain from books, but most books don't say anything at all and just give you 'lore points' to unlock magic abilities. For a game about mythical monsters, this game doesn't even take the time to include anything more than the most basic information about the enemy, such as ""the Satyr has poor vision in the dark"" and instead opts to include a bunch of nameless books to collect.I guess 'book is for magic, not reading' is an acceptable gaming theme, but I think there is a huge wasted potential in doing that for this particular game. I want to know more about the maze and the monsters and how they work!Everything else about this game is just awkward and poor. Exits have a glow that is actually a thin plane that you can sort of clip through; said glow also looking very strange in certain dark areas. You jump pretty high and fall slowly, and it almost feels like you are on the cusp of gliding. Weapon pickups are HUGE for some reason. You can pick up random potions that you identify by drinking, some of which are poison, but since you can't use poison for anything other than to hurt yourself its basically just an annoying to catch new players and nothing else.I never really considered newbie traps to be a good thing for a game. Maybe it is acceptable for a game that is supposed to be 'roguelike' but it feels cheap to me.Lastly, this game loves to crash on me, which is why I don't have more than an hour yet. But I won't hold that against the game either. that could just be me.Still, summing up my short experience, I can't say I was too fond of this.Overall:I like the setup. It looks really really good on the store page. But I just couldn't find anything that would redeem this game's shortcomings. Its not hard, its not scary, it is often clumsy, it lacks complexity, and, to be quite frank, I could barely stand it enough to get as far as I did in between all the crashes I had to deal with.For the hour I spent with it, maybe I am being a bit too harsh. I never even got to the end of the first area, mostly due to constant crashes. But to me none of that mattered. What I saw was not good, and it was quite clear to me that this game has made some poor design choices.I wouldn't recommend this game at all. There are better games for under ten dollars."
,Recommended,252570,11273308,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Erbkaiser,"For an indie game this is really good. It is a procedurally generated dungeon crawler within a Greek mythology setting with an emphasis on stealth rather than combat.The lighting in this game is really good, you get a feeling of actually being hidden when you think you should be, and when you do get in combat, there is a good feedback to your blows or projectiles hit.It is not up to standards of an AAA game, but that is to be expected given that it has one developer. There is no voice acting, the models are not as good as they could be, and there is little of a plot (granted, the source material does not have much either!).But this is a game that I feel is worth all €6 it currently retails for as it is a satisfying experience throughout."
,Recommended,252570,14368418,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Linkowiezi,"TL;DR:It's an enjoyable game that I can actually reccomend trying out since it has a great concept and a lot of potential, but is a little to buggy and quite easy (which makes it quite short). So if you want to give it a try, wait for a sale.Pros/Cons/Long version:Pros:+ Good concept, like it!+ Neat diversity of the bosses with different sets of abilities and weapons!+ Procedurally generated maps that make every run of every level a new experience!+ You have weapons that are good for different types of situations.+ You don't get to keep weapons or usables that you find in the maps after you restart of die wich makes the game a little more chalanging and interesting!+ You're quite scared at the begining to get face to face with the bosses and are really trying to hide from them.+ OK music and sounds.Cons:- A little to easy to beat the game (which makes it quite short), except for the 'defeat 15 unknown dungeons in a row' acievemnt. This is hard mostly because of bugs and not that the game itself is hard. (NOTE: Most of my playtime is trying to beat this last acievement, but I've got to submit defeat due to the tideousness of buggs...)- Procedurally generated maps that you have to restart to beat since it spawned a wall that blocks the exit...- Procedurally generated maps that you have to restart to beat since you got stuck in the floor after getting a key!- Procedurally generated maps that the bosses get stuck in.- Procedurally generated content doesn't apply to key areas there seems to be... around 10 of em maybe?- Sometimes you don't seem to be able to hit the bosses/mobs with your weapon. Running around and/or even inside the boss whirling your sword straight at it... and then you die since you can't seem to land a single hit!( tested using the sword that usually one-shots everything but the minotaur )- Somethimes the character gets truck in 'flying/jumping' mode, not that it really seemed to affects my gameplay that much and is usually resolved by jumping around a bunch of times trying to land on something.- When you have every weapon in the game, the shop can only offer bolts for your crossbow(and you already have 500+ of those to and the count only goes up even when not buying any new ones)... maybe add at least potions to the list?- If the game were a little harder/longer to beat, weapons a little pricier or in some other way not so easy to achieve this point wouldn't really be a problem to me.There aren't that many types of weapons and after you get to the minotaur there is really only one melee weapon that is even worth laying your eyes on.So I might have forgotten to mention something, but I think you get the point...It's an enjoyable game that I can actually reccomend trying out since it has a great concept and a lot of potential, but is a little to buggy and quite easy (which makes it quite short). So if you want to give it a try, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,252570,14491386,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Drakevarg,"I must forewarn that this game is made by just one developer and basically exists in a state of permanent beta (not sure if he'd call it that, but functionally speaking). It's basically playable but there's still plenty of bugfixes to be done and the gameplay could still use tweaking in a few places.All that said, Depths of Fear is a proceedurally generated action/horror game about the Minotaur's Labyrinth. Taking rather obvious cues from old Ray Harryhausen films, it pits you against eight beasts from classical myth including the Minotaur itself (plus a few generic monsters to fill space, mostly undead). Each has their own unique abilities to harass you with.The game starts out with heavy emphasis on stealth, as you begin your way through the labyrinth armed with nothing but a torch and maybe a stick. The game's atmosphere is great here, somehow managing to make the angry bleating of a goatman the most terrifying sound in the world. To avoid the same confusion as I had, keep this in mind: you actually need to run each level three or four times in a row to reach the boss chamber and actually progress to the next segment.  Before I figured this out I'd run it once or twice between breaks, thinking the point was to scrouge for treasure so I could buy a better weapon.The game is pretty much a straight shot from there, running each level a few times, fighting the boss (who is present on every level but only permanently killable in their inner sanctum), grab the token and move on. By the time you reach the endgame you've evolved from a scared boy with a stick to a seasoned monster hunter, and if you can keep up with such Greek monster basics as  ""don't stare at Medusa,"" you should have no trouble pushing to the end with quick feet and a crossbow.All in all I had quite a bit of fun for how simple (and at times buggy) the game was, and while its not without flaws I'm still looking forward to the sequel I've heard the developer mumble about."
,Recommended,252570,13921345,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ButtWolf,"I bought this game on sale since I thought it looked a bit interesting. After playing for just over an hour I would have happily paid the full price or more. The synthesized music is wonderful, the creatures are designed very well, and the combat is tense (get the shield as soon as you can)!EDIT #1: Four hours in and still loving it. The difficulty ramps up after the first couple of minions, which I am glad for. There are a few clipping bugs that are a minor annoyance, but other than that it is still great!EDIT #2: Five hours in and the game breaks. Centaur boss bugged out and I can't complete the level. After descending the ladder on the fourth floor, instead of going to the normal boss level layout, it takes me to a square platform with a small pyramid in the center, surrounded by lava. The key is visible across the lava with no way to get to it. After two hits the centaur becomes invincible and I am stuck running around on the square platform surrounded by lava. I have tried killing all of the enemy spawning ghost-thingys and in the end, it's just me, the square platform surrounded by lava, and an invincible centaur.Edit #3: I learned the following tip on the Steam forums: Do not use the shield on the centaur or he will become invincible for the rest of that floor. I'm sure they'll fix that bug soon."
76561197963127245,Recommended,252570,9934556,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,BEEZER,"If you enjoyed the 1981 movie ""Clash of the Titans"" then you are going to have a blast with this game. And it's definately worth at least twice it's non-sale price. Any fan of Greek mythology should not pass this one up."
,Not Recommended,252570,30427770,Posted: 10 March,all,Clone,"Too dark to see anything. No gamma/brightness controls. Stealth mechanics suck. If you're seen you're screwed. And you will always be seen, even when the interface indicates you are hidden."
76561198063006814,Recommended,252570,31148156,Posted: 14 April,all,Astrology with Squidward,"This game is a work of greatness! (𝘜𝘕𝘐𝘙𝘖𝘕𝘐𝘊 𝘈𝘓𝘌𝘙𝘛)In all honesty, I've heard of this game before, and I bought it for the laughs. I expected this game to be absolute pond scum, and to a 𝘤𝘦𝘳𝘵𝘢𝘪𝘯 extent, I wasn't 𝘦𝘯𝘵𝘪𝘳𝘦𝘭𝘺 wrong. If you're expecting to be scared, lower your expectations. If you're expecting to have a terrible time, raise your expectations. This game really surprised me, and I found that I was actually having fun while playing it. Sure, it might not look the greatest, and the sneeking mechanics can really suck at times, and the all-encompassing darkness of the labyrinth might urge you to slam your head into a brick wall due to a lack of proper vision, and some of the monsters can be rediculously hard to deal with, but it has a 𝘨𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘵 soundtrack! In all seriousness, I beat this game in a single day, and I had fun the whole time. The graphics give the game an interesting feel that I haven't seen in too many games prior to playing this, and it fits the soundtrack surprisingly well. The models for the monsters and the sound effects actually really add to the game's 𝘤𝘳𝘦𝘦𝘱𝘺 (note the word choice there) atmosphere. The game can be creepy at times, but I can safely say that it really isn't all that scary. Anyway, that's about all I had to say. Dumb Personal Rating: 6.5/10.𝘚𝘱𝘰𝘪𝘭𝘦𝘳 𝘚𝘵𝘶𝘧𝘧 𝘉𝘦𝘭𝘰𝘸Satyr- Spawns a bunch of monsters everywhere.Griffin- You'll never hear it coming, I know I didn't.Cerberus- Loves to get stuck in walls.Manticore- Just learn his attack pattern and he's easy.Centaur- Hates it when you run in circles around him.Medusa- Good ♥♥♥♥ing luck.Hydra- Carries the key in around like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Minotaur- Bigger version of the Satyr that doesn't spawn monsters."
,Recommended,252570,11457833,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,*Junon,"I didn't put much time into this game when I picked it up a while ago because it was so effectively freaking me out, but seeing it on sale for two bucks, I have to stop and recommend it to anyone looking for an offbeat indie stealth-horror-fps-roguelike oozing with atmosphere. The other reviews comparing it to old movies are onto something. I personally get a strong fantastique and giallo vibe from it. Feels like it could have been adapted from Argento's heyday.As Theseus, you descend through the Labyrinth of Greek myth, hunting and being hunted by the Minotaur and other mythical creatures. The use of light and sound (or should I say darkness and quiet) make it extra creepy when you see something casting a long shadow in distant torchlight or hear a bloodcurdling shriek somewhere behind you.This is the kind of game I'd always easily recommend for the price, even the normal $6. Even though I personally didn't play so much my first time in, that's no fault of the game's, and writing all this has me wanting to play again."
,Not Recommended,252570,25320394,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rose,"Great concept in fact I love the concept. The problem is I don't think execution is the best. This is one of those ideas/games that I think a AAA publisher should look at and me like ""Hey I like this idea a lot so i'm gonna buy your idea let you have creative control and let a professional dev team work on it instead""I have to give it a no but that's just because I don't think its as good as it potentially could be and I hope someone with a lot more cash notices this and does something with it instead of ripping off your idea or something like that."
76561198030305825,Recommended,252570,11464804,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Anderson,"Great mythological Rogue-like game - I love it!It's dark, mysterious and made only by one person (amazing),The developer is also very talkative and is constantly improving the game."
,Recommended,252570,9952850,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,A_Gentle_Breeze,"Absolutely love it. It's dark, it's violent, and it's intense. Nothing like hiding under a table while a minotaur of doom scans the room with glowing red eyes, intent on eating your face. Greek zombies? Check. Tridents? Check. Sandals? Check. Some people are put off by the music and graphics, but they fit the game well. And all for under 10 bucks."
,Not Recommended,252570,34357234,Posted: 19 August,all,Salvage,"I really don't like this game, first of all, the AI is horrible, monsters try to walk over objects and you are invisible to them when ""hidden"", even when hiding in plain sight. The graphics are ok at best, animations are choppy, lightning behaves strangely and textures don't look so good. Another problem is the really weird camera view that can easily cause motion sickness.What this game is lacking is not a good setting, the core idea of a stealth like game set in ancient times is really interesting, it's the execution that fails to deliver. Everything just feels unpolished, weird and glitchy. There's just nothing that feels good.Lastly, the price of 5.99€ is unjustified, if this was a free game then it would be worth a try but spending 6€ on a game in which you mostly just run around searching for stuff with monsters that are hardly a threat chasing you is not worth it."
76561198040412298,Recommended,252570,10577684,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[Baal - Secundus] Heron,Heard the footsteps of the minotaur and decided terminate the program
,Recommended,252570,14880506,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Benedict,"I really quite like Knossos.Knossos is a first person simulator (near) rogue-like, where you are trapped in the Minotaurs maze, fight various greek monsters in randomly generated levels.The random level generation is really good - everything felt built by hand but there was so much variation it must be random.The lighting model is superb, the models are fine (they are probably very basic, but things are not well lit, and the realtime lighting makes everything look better than it probably is). Textures are average.The monster AI is excellent - monsters path about and when they spot you they attack, if you lose them, they search for you, there is plenty of telegraphing of state.Death can come frequently, but its not terrible, you only lose progress on the current level, which might take up to a minute to recover, and because of the random level design, things feel fresh - in fact death felt less like a punishment, and more like an opportunity to play another map.You level up your avatar by buying weapons and collect gold, arrows etc which are not lost once you complete a level. Dont buy anything lower, just save up for the trident, and then enjoy :)It took me 3.5 hours to beat the minotaur, which felt like the right length. Plenty of progress was made, I started to master the game, and I wasnt bored of it. There is a proper random roguelike campaign as well, which theoretically has inifinte playability, but I suspect it would start to grind (havent tried)."
76561198045807635,Recommended,252570,19658554,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Owlmanandy,"Despite its occassional glitches, and despite its bizarre art and animations, I have to say, this game is genuinely scary and decently fun game.  I haven't played it much, but for 6 dollars, it's defintely worth a shot.  At the very least, I think it's the only game of its kind, where ""its kind"" means greek myth-based horror games."
76561198044125816,Recommended,252570,11482436,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mattias The Man,"Depths of Fear Knossos gives you the feel of the old arcade style of being thrown into a dungeon and expected to survive. You play as a greek warrior Theseus while traveling you encounter various mythical bosses to defeat in order to progress to the next dungeon and so on until you reach the last boss (no spoilers, sorry). There was no real horror aspect of it which I was hoping for mainly because you can fight off you're pursuer(s) with weapons you buy from the store with the gold you acqure on the way. The shop albiet is a bit useless with the most expensive items being the best which you can easily skip the lower tier weapons to get to. By the time you reach the 3rd dungeon it gets rather repetitive besides the change in boss. The enviorment changes based on which place you go in but only slighty so giving it the same feel as before. The goals are all the same - find the key - dodge the boss - go to the next level 3 times until the boss fight. For achievement hunters/ trading card collectors you can rack up your achievements easily and fast (I got all mine in 3 hours). Overall its a nice  game to wind down to if your up to nothing, but has very little replay value once you beat it. That being said buy the game! It's cheap, you support the devs, and if you end up not liking old arcade dungeon crawler games you can take solace in the fact you didn't spend too much."
76561198083068272,Recommended,252570,21381253,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TheBeak,"I enjoyed my near 7 hours with Depths of Fear: Knossos, despite much of the experience being akin to playing pick-up stix in the pitch darkness after downing a fifth of Wild Turkey.  Good lord was this game dark.  In Fear you are the noble Theseus.  You get pushed into a pit Army of Darkness style to take on whatever evil that comes your way.  The majority of that evil comes in the form of legendary mythical monsters like Medusa, the Centaur, the Hydra, the Minotaur and more!   As a fan of Harryshausen movies I couldn't pass this one up.  Boy, it sure is flawed but it's fun too and horror game fans MIGHT have a decent time...depending on their patience of course.The game starts you off in a hub area where you can purchase weapons, learn the ropes, travel to different dungeons and generally get your place in the world.  Right from the getgo the lightning in Knossos is pee poor.  In some of the dungeons it's rather exciting as you scramble to find an exit key, swinging blindly whatever weapon you have equipped while the Hydra nips at your heels all of the way to the exit.  Since there's a decent smattering of dungeons this does turn to tedium in a few instances.  Each dungeon had about 3 find the key levels before you face off against the boss on the bottom floor.  Some of these battles were quite a lot of fun and others were so easy you could beat with your eyes closed.  This wildly uneven mix between climactic and anticlimactic in some odd way services the game well.As you spelunk the dungeons you'll find weapons, gold, statues that give special powers (provided you collect enough books of knowledge) and generally hazy, fuzzy Hexen/Heretic like graphics.  Knossos reminds me of these games quite a bit at times and since I was a huge fan of that whole series it was a point in this odd beast's favor.  Alot of the time the poor textures and decade old technology is disguised by the dark and the fact that you are moving so fast to grab the key without getting your a** handed to you that you could careless.  But when you're fighting some of lesser enemies in the game like the big angry buzzing flies, giant fire ants, crawly lizards, etc. the amateurish really can bring the score down.  Plus...these lesser enemies are generic and not that fun to fight...nowhere near the fun of dodging the boss in find the key levels or the big fight at the end of the level.  The sound are equally mundane as weapons clink wimpily, footsteps trod tappity and none of the action sound FX really live up to par.  Where the sound shines is with the footsteps of the beasts and their braying cries in the darkness.  That part comes off a charm and then some.Buying weapons puts them in your arsenal and you can choose any two (plus a shield, and you always have a near useless torch) to pummel some ugly sods with.  Combat isn't spectacular but it does well enough that you'll enjoy the hack n' slash gameplay if that's your style.  Yeah...I mean, that's pretty much it.  Like somewhere else mentioned, this game is the equivalent of a fuzzy, off-brand Hammer horror movie that you stumble onto late at night and can't stop watching.  Mix in a little Argento with the Goblin/Tangerine Dream-esque keyboard soundtrack drone and man, it's EXACTLY like the aforementioned review called out.  I played through once and got 85% of the achievements.  I could traverse the endless dungeon and see how far I get but really, I'm good.  My 7 hours were a solid blast at their best parts and for me personally, this game would wear out it's welcome if I stayed with it any longer.Pros:-Like watching a weird yet spellbinding horror movie at 3 a.m.-Serviceable hack n' slash gameplay with minor looting, collecting, equipping elements-Kinda cool 70s synth drone music soundtrack-Solid selection of weapons and armaments to buy and discover-Some boss fights and chases are alot of fun-Controls, plays and operates solidly for a no budget zone outCons:-Graphic nazis stay away-Weak sound FX-Regular enemies were pretty stupid and not entirely necessary-You die quickly...like 2-4 hits quick.  Not an unbeatable problem but prepare to die plenty!-Dark to the point off tension one minute and to the point of screen kicking anger the next.-Torch is useless.-Some boss battles blow the build-upOverall score:  7/10I'm giving Knossos a thumbs up because I enjoyed it and the price is right.  I could plunge the endless dungeon but I've unlocked a decent # of weapons and items, so I'd rather my memory of the game to be a positive one rather than a tedium grind.  I hope there's a sequel and that it fixes some nagging complaints from the first.  And even if it doesn't?  I'll probably play it anyway."
76561198043663357,Recommended,252570,22632580,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,PaleMimic,"Depths of Fear: Knossos is a very intriguing game, to say the least. Why? you might ask, well bear with me and I shall reveal all.To begin with let’s talk about the overall gameplay. The game is more or a less a Greek themed, first person, stealth like game with several rogue-like elements thrown in as well. You take on the role of Theseus, a name many may recognize from the Greek story, Theseus and the Minotaur. DOF:K takes on a very similar premise to the story, being that you must fight your way through a labyrinth, or rather various ones in this case. There are eight different labyrinths altogether, all containing a variety of mythological Greek beasts, including manticores, gorgons, centaurs and Cerberus, to name just a few. You can either choose to fight these creatures, granted that you have a weapon which can be acquired once you have enough gold to afford one, or you can also avoid the creatures by using the, fairly simplistic, stealth mechanics the game provides. You can hide in the shadows, by turning off your torch or hide inside little cupboards, which are built into some of the walls. Once you’ve completed each of the labyrinth areas you have to battle against the boss of that area. The creature you have to fight is dependent on which doorway you went through to begin with. If there was a scorpion above the door, then it’s the manticore. If it was a snake, then it would be the hydra, and so on and so forth.Once you’ve defeated the boss, one of the eight symbols on the door of the main room will light. You need to light up all eight in order to advance to the main labyrinth.As previously mentioned there are a number of weapons that you can buy. However you will need to find gold, which is scattered around each labyrinth, in order to purchase them. You can get simple clubs, long swords, tridents and crossbow, alongside several other weapon too. These can be used to eliminate the dangerous creatures that inhabit the various labyrinths and defeat the bosses and the end.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphically the game look fairly simplistic. Basic stony textures and checkerboard patterns cover the walls and floors of practically every stage in the game. The creatures themselves also are very basic in design, although it clear what sort of creature you’re facing, the models themselves aren’t all that textual or physically impressive. However their attack patterns and their animations all seem fairly unique.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Mechanically the game feels fairly simple. The stealth mechanics, although basic, do work very well when trying to evade the creatures. Turning off the torch and hiding behind objects or inside cupboards, makes it feel tense, especially when facing a minotaur than can one hit kill you. Finding the key and escaping each labyrinth feels fairly rewarding, particularly if you were successful in evading the creatures. Then there’s the combat, which feels like one of the weakest points of the game. Although stealth is a probably one of the more key ways to play DOF:K, combat does play a large part when at the boss stages. You simply spam the attack key until either you kill the beast or you die. There’s no real strategy to it, other than to simple jump about and avoid getting hit.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall though Depth of Fear: Knossos is an unusual rogue-like game. It fits the indie, rogue-like thematic well, much like The Binding of Issac and Eldritch, to name a couple. It does have a certain horror vibe to it and the general feeling you get when playing it is satisfying. The combat does let it down a bit, along with the graphics too, but those are more or less a couple of minor things that only affect the game a little bit. To end with, I’ll say that if you’re looking for a rogue-like game or something with a little bit of stealth, then DOF:K is a great buy. For the price though, it’s always worth having a look if you want something different to play or want something to pass the time. Good Day!"
76561198107780947,Recommended,252570,31833540,Posted: 18 May,all,MajesticAF,"This is one of my favorite first person rogue-likes. I have Eldritch and I love that game, but the atmosphere, music and overall presentation of this game is way more immersive.Imagine old school PS1 first person game graphics with a super epic and nostalgic 80s synth soundtrack. Put that together in an incredible ancient Greek setting and you have Depths of Fear: Knossos.If you can overlook some minor glitches such as getting caught on corners, then the game is great. Gameplay is fast and the controls are crisp other than the ever-annoying clipping issue.The main appeal of this game is the experience. The music adds immensly to the feeling of tension in the levels and the calm yet anxious tone when you are inbetween floors.Also the fact that this game was made by one person and is only $6 full price is incredible. 9/10"
,Recommended,252570,24906826,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Strange Tamer,"This game is alright, it lasts long enough to not overstay its welcome and is engaging enough to keep you playing.Unless you are high or smashed, then this is one of the most intense games ever. The entirety of the games is so damn dark and the nature of the first person combat versus ♥♥♥♥ing monsters really keeps you on the edge of your seat. Just try not to fall off if you are actually drunk."
,Not Recommended,252570,25037055,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ElGato7000,"Lack of options, clunky controls, ugly environment, confusing to try and find out what you're supposed to do, custom engine that's not an improvement over Unity (i.e. has the same problems)... not recommended"
76561198004282144,Recommended,252570,24103775,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CuNaMo,"This game has :Genuinely creepy atmosphereTerrifying moments when the monster finds youGreat musicExcellent stealthTraps that will kill youPowers that will save youWeapons that are realistic and work wellExcellent explorationIs this a low-budget game, made by one person? Yes. But as long as you know that before you buy it and adjust your expectations, then you will love this game! The developer has put a lot of work into this game and has even updated and patched it several times since release. You should buy this game!"
76561197987447200,Recommended,252570,13889579,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,XTR6000,"Good stuff, scary as hell, nice animation, cool random dungeons!  Simply pick up if its on sale. Its very hard, but it does seem you get to keep some of your gold if you die. The main Satyr monster is so scary i can only play in brief stints- the horror is comparable to Amnesia the Dark Descent in parts.Other monsters are around aswell- fled the satyr into a dark corridoor....something creeps in the shadows...suddenly a large cluster of ugh bugs start spewing forth and you panic, and run back, hoping that the satyr left!Pretty fine fps/stealth/roguelike... engine is a bit basic/rough , but it works terrific with the shadows and light/ambience. The stealth is functional but not annoying, which is good- ie. no creeping for 5 mins etc.The Monsters are varied and well animated, and the audio work is actually pretty impressive! you nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself when you hear the wail of the satyr. Reccomended"
76561198011965365,Recommended,252570,14654609,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"A nice stealth game that involves almost every type of Greek Mythology Creature. You must get keys and open chest to open every stage. Each stage is different but the concept never changes. Every creature you defeat, it is literally the same map as the one you killed the last one at."
,Recommended,252570,9982811,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Le_Scoops,"The game has some rough edges, but is overall unique and enjoyable. To sum it up, the game has you taking on many Greek Mythological creatures, each boss has a series of levels before you can fight them. There is a geniune rush whenever you stumble onto the baddy before your ready.The visuals are simplistic but with an effect that makes it appealing.My only complaint is how the levels are generated, it's all random so the layout wavers between very hard and very easy. The actual boss battles leave something to be desired (Lava!)This is a video of my first impression!YouTube"
,Recommended,252570,24264302,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,♥ Gia ♥,"Depths of Fear :: Knossos is a game I desperately want to love, because I honestly like the concept of running around in a dark dungeon escaping from creatures from the Greek mythology. Sadly, the game's way too wonky and crude to take seriously.Depths of Fear plays as a first person dungeon crawler, where every time you play the game, the dungeons are randomized for your exploring pleasures. You play as Theseus, being dropped by some guards down a huge♥♥♥♥♥pit in the middle of a colosseum to reach the dungeon where the minotaur was locked away. Along the way, you can find gold to buy bigger and better weapons (Or the weapons themselves, if you're lucky) ranging from a simple wooden club that burns when you're set on fire to a sword and a shield that are pretty much a necessity later on. There's a few levels that play pretty much under the same rules. Three floors, you go around trying to avoid direct confrontation with the big bad of said level, ranging from a satyr, to a centaur, a gryphon, a cerberus, Medusa, and a few other ones. Here, you collect weapons, food to restore health,gold for weapons, books and blessings from the gods, which is pretty much the magic in this game.Some levels contain a few extra minor enemies, too, and others are pretty much infested with these little ♥♥♥♥ers, dog sized ants, zombies, skeletons, little gremlin like things. Here's another mechanic of the game. If you turn off your torch (Pretty much your flashlight, and it works like one! I'm sick and tired of flashlights in horror games where they fail miserably to cut the thick darkness in front of you, only giving you a small radious of light around you. No ♥♥♥♥ing flashlight works like this in real life, I think the developers wanted to go for a torch or a lantern.) you can hide in the darkness, and the big bad will fail to find you in there unless you're moving around like a dumbass or you're unlucky enough to get close to their natural source of light. BUT, some random enemies will find you regardless, like the pesky ants, and this can be quite annoying when you don't have a weapon yet.The first two levels rely mostly on finding the key for the gate to the next level. When you pick the key on the final floor, though, the Minotaur will appear, and he's largely invincible by this point, so you better haul♥♥♥♥♥to the exit, because this just turned into a horror game!When you're done with that, you're dropped into a small arena where you fight the big bad of the area in a 1v1 match to the death. (Of course, it won't be a 1v1, common enemies will swarm the area and will surround you like ♥♥♥♥ing scumbags). Once you're done, congratulations, you've cleared the area, and you can go to the next one to face the next big bad, rinse and repeat' til you get to the Minotaur himself. Oh, and the levels are non linear, too, so you can pick the order in which you clear the areas and fight the bosses. I also love that even if some area bosses are relentless with their chase, the music is quite funky and doesn't fit, which makes it hilarious.Like I hear the gryphon's screeching, and then the music starts.....UNCE UNCE UNCE UNCE UNCE. ♥♥♥♥ing rave music. I love it.Well, the game is quite wonky by this point. Any kind of atmsphere is ruined as soon as you watch some of the ridiculous, unnatural animations that most of the enemies in this game possess, like the satyr with his incredibly dumb walk animation and the hoof sounds that fail to match his steps. The game is quite buggy, too, I've found myself stuck in various areas, but luckily, I have yet to fall through the floor....Yet. I got trapped inside a because I fell inside it and the lava never killed me. There was no way to climb out, either. Thank god for the ""return to main chamber"" option in the pause menu. I also got ♥♥♥♥ing stuck between a staircase and a pillar in the gryphon's level, ending my run right there because there was nothing I could do to un-stuck myself. Retry level. And immediatly afterwards, after starting restarting the level, I got ♥♥♥♥ing stuck again! In a different place! I restart the level yet again, and the gryphon's stuck walking against a wall. Not even the big bads can escape the wrath of bad programming.The gameplay is quite crude, too, but the mix of exploration, combat (Albeit slightly plain and not intuitive), stealth, and I guess horror (It's quite tense being chased by some of the enemies, like the satyr and the minotaur) kinda make up for that. The game's also a lil bit too dark, which I understand taking in mind the setting of the game, but sometimes it's almost impossible to run away from an enemy because either you have your torch on and signal it your every move, or you turn it off and bump walls like a blind man. It's also poorly optimized, even with everything on low, I still get frame drops at times, anywhere from 20 FPS to 4 FPS.I wouldn't recommend this game to the average gamer, because it's largely hit and miss, it's still rather bare bones, and it might NOT be your cup of tea, even if I enjoyed it. I've got a high ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tolerance, which lots of people lack when it comes to dealing with pontentially run-screwing bugs. I wish there was a ""maybe"" button, because this barely made it to a ""recommended""."
,Recommended,252570,11455735,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,OvenRoll,Interesting roguelike. Very atmospheric and actually kinda creepy. A few different weapons and gods you can choose to worship for special abilities. Cool lighting and flame effects. Definite purchase if its under $3.
76561198120594782,Recommended,252570,9988976,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Glajimator,Do not judge a book by its cover perfect fits in this one.The first 10 minutes i wanted a refund and i felt so frustrated about my purchace...mediocre graphics...mediocre gameplay...i couldnt even get it to run until i figured out i had to force direct 9 in the launch options.So my first impressions were awful about this game then i invested some time and i decided to give it a second chance.The game's atmospere is so brilliant and well made that few other games achieve.It is really challenging and in many occasions forces you to think and use your brain.It's a feeling i cannot describe i only felt similar way while playing Dark souls in the past.Overall great game totally worth it give it some time you wont regret it.
,Recommended,252570,9997325,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,gravy,"One good way I feel to describe this game is as follows: 'You've played more expensive games for shorter times'. It has a simple combat model but is kept fresh by the use of procedural level generation as you descend into the labyrinth. It's an entertaining adaptation of a great piece of Greek mythology which seems to have been overlooked as far as gaming forays go. For the price point you really can't go wrong if you enjoy first person fighting games like Dark Messiah of Might and Magic or Chivalry DW. It's a nice choice for those times you don't feel like committing to a multiplayer game and want to battle your way through some dungeons. All this with mild horror themes piled on top. It's all substance, so don't expect too much cinematic filler. Just think of the games you played when you were younger."
76561198040367630,Recommended,252570,9948173,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Wolfman,"I will admit, when I saw the trailer, and read the description, I was intrigued.  A rogue-like that merged a First Person Perspective with a greco mythological setting.  Gameplay includes a stealth mechanic, frantic melee combat complete with explorative puzzle solving and collection.Now with those highlights set in stone, lets move onto what the game actually provides you, where it could improve, and why the game is most assuridly worth looking at should you find that you can look past its failings.Graphics:The game does not look stelar by any stretch of the imagination.  While they are not bad, they are also not good.  What they do succeed in is providing a very interesting mood and setting through out the several themes of dungeon you get to delve into.  I unforunately found that I had to turn the settings to minimum in order to play the game at a stable frame-rate.  I am not sure why, but even with the settings turned to the lowest, I still pulled 15 to 20 fPS every now and again, mostly when some of the environments looked ""impressive"" or the action got intense.  The game fortunately remained playable (mostly given the not as intellegent as they could be monsters).  Some of the special effects seem to be more annoying than eye candy related, and the addition of a viewable hud (one that can be brought up like a menu / inventory) would have been appreciated.  As it stands, the HUD is very minimal, and that is not a bad thing.  Unfortunately, you are provided no information in regards to your characters capabilities.  Does the Axe really do as much damage as the Spear?  Does the Gladius really do more damage than the Dagger?  Those questions are answered visually, and mostly through base interpretation, I.E. it takes 2 hits to kill this with the dagger and one with the sword, so sword does more damage.Given that the game does not have any character development through out, this system does fulfill its purpose, but it still would be nice to see a representation of the items you can find and collect through out.  As it stands, there is no point to invest in the weaker stuff.  Period.Which brings us to, Gameplay:The game play suffers from being too simple, to an extreme, and having enemies that are either WAY to aggressively difficult to deal with, or enemies that are just rediculously easy to deal with.  The notes in the game talk the first boss type character up as unbeatable, but you can get him to run into pit traps (removing him from the floor all together), or can simply trade blows with him easy enough.  But the next boss monster, becomes so rediculously difficult to fight because he can hit you so much easier than his predicessor.  Which brings us to the way damage is interpreted in the game.  I am left feeling that it has the Call of Duty damage indicator via screen lighting.  It seems that after taking one hit, it becomes much easier to see the world as the lighting starts to minimize itself.  Then it progresses to greyscale and blurs progressively more as you take damage.  Unfortunately, there is no indicator as to wether you are actually healing, or if you require some of the several healing items you can find through out the dungeon.  With no health bar, or meter to find in a menu of sorts, you literaly have no idea if drinking a health potion will effect you or not unless your stcreen is blurry, same goes for picking up the food that is on the ground.I mentioned before, that the enemies are very base in their AI patterns.  Most seem to be very easily manipulated, or they are just easy to deal with period. You are supposed to be able to stealth around enemies, but I find that given the games tendency to force conflict on you, stealth really never works as an option.  I found it easier to beat the enemy till they had to respawn, than it was to hide from them.  Specially since the enemies REALLY don't need to be hid from. It would be nice to tweak the AI, or actually make it to where you can't actually kill the boss monsters without the special puzzle fight in the end of each of the dungeon sections.  It would be much more interesting to make it to where you HAVE to stealth around the boss monsters till you actually get to a point where you can kill them.  Just my suggestion.  The first bosses chamber was a neat idea involving a creative kill.  More thought and planning into the climatic showdown with your antagonistic boss monster would be greatly appreciated and would set the game up for some more polish and fun.Regarding the character development as a ""rogue-like"".  It really isn't there.  You find gold through out and books, but you spend the gold on a finite amount of weapons, like... 8 or so (most of which are useless), and spend books on various spell podiums that are considered ""gifts from the gods"".  Unfortunately, the gifts from gods are set to be one shot abilities that don't stay with you.  Finding potions, you can only carry one, and you HAVE to drink them  good and ill to find out what they do, no exceptions.  That is really about it.  It would have been nice to see character progression in a manner of speaking.  You gain experience at the end of each dungeon through kills and explorative findings.  The weapons should have better scaling in terms of worth so that it forces the players to ""work through"" improving their characters, rather than saving and affording the best melee weapon in the game before the first boss is even killed.  It would make for a more challenging and balanced game to either increase the cost, or make it to where you have to work through the game instaed of having everything available from the begining.  What is currently in place, works.  Don't get me wrong.  It does work, but the flaws that are a part of the current system, I would concider a bit of a flaw.  Most certainly not flawed enough to prevent me from enjoying what I am playing.Combat feels a bit odd.  While it is responsive, it doesn't really carry much weight with most of the weapons.  It is functional though.The randomly generated floors are functional, most definitely, but they do not push for more of what the basic game could provide.  It would be really sweet to see more than a simple, ""find the key"" and ""unlock the exit"" scenario.  If more objectives to solve each floor could be provided, it would add to the depth of the game, creating a MUCH more interesting play experience.Sound:It is most certainly a bizarre choice to pair electronic riffs with the atmosphere of the game.  I was initially turned off by it at first.  I rolled my eyes, and chuckled, but eventually it started to feel more in place than I was led to expect.  The ambient sounds actually work pretty well in regards to how smooth the transitions.  You hear the echoes as the hooves of a satyr explore the halls looking for you.  Initially it was pretty tense, at least till I realized I could totally punk the Satyre.All and all, this game is flawed, Amaturish, and rough around the edges in terms of presentation.  But what you get for the price is a game that stands as a fun game, that I found myself fully absorbed into.  Despite its short comings, I find it to be really fun.  I recommend the game.  for a 6 dollar price tag, you can have a bunch of fun if you can look past the faults.  Those of use who do enjoy the game, I am hoping share the voice that we would love to see this game refined.  Thanks a bunch for the Devs.  There are no regrets for my purchase."
,Recommended,252570,9925024,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Marx,"Okay, this game is amazing. Next to no lag on a non-gaming laptop, and awesome gameplay. It's an amazing mix of stealth, horror, and (to quote Mr. Torgue) badassitude.The Stealth:You have to sneak through multiple levels of a labyrinth, avoiding enemies too strong for you, and being killed by anything else. You must learn to take advantage of the darkness.The Horror:I'm not a huge fan of horror things. In fact, I've never even seen a horror movie. But, this game is perfect for me.The fear that you'll be seen, mixed with the knowledge that you are hidden, and can possibly kill the monster hunting you is an amazing thing. It's like a horror movie, only the hunter and the hunted are on level ground.The Badassitude:Get a sword, kill zombies, satyrs, minotaurs, medusa, and hydras. Let's just leave it at that.I totally recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,252570,26631010,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Pertel,"I actually finished the game.  It has a really weird vibe to it which does make it scary BUT, I feel like it's a little bit...un-polished let's say?  And let me not even say anything about the last boss.At least the build up from his small visits to previous levels is pretty terrifying I have to say...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbO7ZBQF3_Q"
,Recommended,252570,32527998,Posted: 17 June,all,NakedMoonMan,"Eerie, uncanny, but honestly kinda clunky with some bugs. I actually really enjoyed this game despite its flaws, though.The price is low so you aren't risking much. Worth a buy if you want a charming lemon of a game."
,Recommended,252570,32778392,Posted: 25 June,all,eelijah,"one of those games where the graphics/mechanics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a way that totally complements the horror elements, almost like a ""found footage"" of the video game world. very spooky and highly recommended"
,Recommended,252570,17245274,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Grunt the Expensive Ghost Prop,"I got this game during a sale, played it a bit and genuinely had fun playing it and think that the stealth portion of the game has a bit of tension buildup on the player going for it. However, I still can't entirely recommend this game for a few reasons. (See very bottom of review for explanation on why I actually do recommend this)-Bad animations:A lot of the enemies when performing certain animations look either robotic and unlife like or just flat out don't sync up with the actions they're doing (Walking animation not matching movespeed while moving and not even moving in the same direction as they're animated to be).-Stealth not all that important to gameplay:This is a horror themed game and as such encourages stealth instead of just loudly rushing through each level. The stealth mechanic isn't all that great in the game, however, The only way the monster's A.I can even find you is if you either get to close to them or have your torch lit, running or breaking objects such as pots attracts no attention to you at all. Even if you do get seen by one of the boss monsters they're relatively easy to lose by just putting out your torch and hiding for a few seconds or you can just run from them since only two of the boss monsters have ranged attacks and you outrun them.-Bare bones monster A.I:The boss monsters in the labyrinth portions have a set patrol path that they appear to never stray from unless they spot you. If you choose to fight the boss monster, with a good range melee weapon such as the axe or trident, they're pretty easy to kill with a ""poke and back off"" method. If you do manage to kill the boss monter they eventually respawn but there's also a chance when they do respawn that they can get stuck at their respawn point and practically stop being a threat at that point (This has happened quite often when I kill the boss monsters).So in short, I thought the game was fun despite it's problems, but, objectively,can't recommenddue to how unpolished it is. If the game's on sale and you have some interest in buying it go ahead, but for it's full price? To get a better idea of what the game is like see my video on it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3-UqjhMM-QEdit: Even though I've already stated the problems with this game, in a way I still recommend it on the grounds that it seriously does have some heart put into it."
,Not Recommended,252570,13984826,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Fruit of the Doom,"Even considering the fact that this game was a one-man effort, it is desperately in need of polish.  My first impression was muddied by falling through the floor of the world shortly after the game started, and so was my second impression.  My third attempt lasted a bit longer, until I encountered my first enemy, which was stuck in place snarling and flailng at me but unable to cross an archway that was clearly larger than it.  Without any idea of how to progress and no apparent way to damage or move past the enemy, I gave up for the time being.  The atmosphere is nice and this game has potential, but so far it seems far from achieving it."
76561198041934670,Recommended,252570,12429550,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Phil,"Very fun, thrilling and tense for a cheap price! Definetly one to get while it's on a sale! Would not pay more than £4 for it though, so get it while it's only £1!"
76561197960472753,Recommended,252570,10022154,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,RDSmokey,"If you like roguelikes then this is a definite pickup. It somehow manages to take the visual stylings of a movie like ""Clash of the Titans"" (the original) and enhance it with an unexpected soundtrack that uses 70's/early 80's synth music to create a mood that feels both retro and fresh at the same time. I'm not usually a fan of rougelike games but this one so far has managed to keep me engaged playing it in intervals. The visuals themselves, while not having all the newest bells and whistles, actually harken back to the high contrast, solid color Italo films before the turn of the century and really work together with the stylings and music to create something one of a kind. A definite grab for either long grinds or short play sessions."
76561198099831270,Recommended,252570,9971791,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Chargeit,"A enjoyable dungeon crawl based around Greek mythology.Love the very minimal UI and lack of a inventory system (Hold one potion, 2 weapons, and have a single use power).Rogue like elements such as random floor layouts, item placement, and potions help add some replay. Death isn't permanent as in most rogue likes, but instead requires you to restart what ever level you're working on.The game does start feeling a little easy once you've got the hang of it and are more established. I'd like to of seen options for permadeath, increased difficulty, or maybe losing which ever weapons you had on death. (you do lose any weapons found in dungeon on death / area completion, the ones you buy at the store are always there to pick from at the start of a area.)This is a different type of game which is a mix of ""Adventure/Horror/Action"". It's a little on the easy side once you get the hang of it, I think this could be fixed later by adding some type of difficulty slider, basic enemies are just too easy to kill once you get a better weapons. I'd also like to see some minor puzzle solving (maybe I have't come to them yet?) to add more variety, and more menu options.In the end I say this game is worth playing, and one that I see myself coming back to. The fact that I've already put in 3 or 4 short sessions shows that the game is worth playing.3.5 out of 5 - Increased difficulty, better menu options, and more variety would easily knock this up to a 4."
,Recommended,252570,10022589,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,boof,"Suprisingly Good. It may be a bit empty, But it's pretty good. A Nice suprise!"
76561198039195513,Recommended,252570,13932306,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,HighWorld13,"This is one of those games that has A LOT wrong with it, but is truely fun. Its an First Person rougelike, set in the famous Labyrinth in Greek mythology, which means you play as the classic hero Theseus attempting to slay the minotaur. Cool concept and one that surprisingly isnt capitalized on in gaming. But this game has a lot of problems. The combat sucks, the stealth mechanics fall apart when discovered, and enemies either dont spawn, or hallways are filled with them for no reason. But the game is worth a go, as its cheap, and pretty fun when you get the hang of it."
76561198061802603,Recommended,252570,13100534,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,asinoaureo,"I think that for once the trailer honestly shows the appeal of this game: clunky, sometime rough-cornered, but good fun. Knossos throws you into the labyrinth of the Minotaur where you meet and fight numerous mythological creatures, and also some not-so-great beasties. I bet you don't remember Theseus fighting ants and really dumb and obnoxious zombies. These are all in the background, while you face each boss in their four level lair... every first three levels randomly created.It definitly has that one-developper facture: animations are clunky, there's a strange amagalm of textures between wall, floor, and celling and a few obvious traps which will get you. But it never stroke me as lazy. There's enough care to make each creature level distinct from one another, it shows you a heteroclite setting and then makes objectives very clear, and it's just fun fleeing a monster.As I more or less said, it's a one developper rogue dungeon-marathon ramdomly generated greeko-ruin level game. With all its short-comings of one guy project, but also its greatness: I've commented before on an update on the AI that I felt was detrimental on the gameplay, others players agreed, and eventually the developper was conveiced. He changed it in a few days. That made me jump into the labyrinth again.P.S.: I play it without trouble on XP."
,Not Recommended,252570,26504975,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Evaheist,"The positive traits of the game are an awesome, campy soundtrack and very good sound design.The encounters with the beasts are breathtaking as they should be.But the fun stops there. Everything is way too dark and the stealth mechanics are sub-par and barely work. It's another hide and seek type of game where you gather keys to open doors to the next level and so on. I just liked watching and listening to the mythical beings.If you've played one of this type of horror games, you've most likely already played something with better polish and overall gameplay. But there's some kind of novelty here that can be appreciated by fans of greek mythology and 70s style grimey epic horror music."
76561198126005543,Recommended,252570,9992077,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,MoofMilker,"This game is an absolute blast, and for the price there is literally no reason not pick it up if you're a fan of rogue-likes or old school games like Nosferatu: Wrath of Malachi. The graphics are deliciously retro with vibrant colors that suits the atmosphere, the sounds are creepy and the techno music adds to the games strange vibe, even though most of the time the game is fairly silent. The game play, while not innovative is rather unique, at least from what I have seen. The sneaking mechanic is interesting, and having to avoid an unkillable monster while you prowl through the levels hitting things with a club adds a bit more tension. The enemy ai does feel rather weak, they don't seem to notice your there untill your directly in front of them, and other monsters nearby won't be aggro'd if one notices you. This could get harder later on though. A map would be helpful in navigating the levels, but this could be an intentional choice on the part of the developers, and a bit more music would add more variety while you play. I haven't experienced any crashes except for when I tried to alt tab'd out of the game, and haven't seen any optimization issues others say they've had.  I'll update this review once i've experienced the whole game, including the endless mode, however I think people will know immediately if this is a game they would play."
,Recommended,252570,30237108,Posted: 28 February,all,MAriskaDeville,"https://youtu.be/CpAwpv-r9P8Okay its fair to say this game has some issues. The main ones being how dark it is, even with a torch, and also the AI. Although the game has pretensions of stealth the AI will still often swarm and mob you even when you supposed to be hidden. And finally there is the occaisional getting stuck in the floor forcing you to restart the dungeon.However those issues aside the game itself is actually fairly decent. Although the combat is basic, and the graphics are definitly 'indie dev' the atmosphere is good, the random gen of the dungeons keeps each playthrough fresh and the idea of fighting through greek mythology makes a decent change form the usual asylums.This is deffo one of those diamonds in the rough. If you can live with those rough edges, then there is a lot of game here to enjoy and it costs less than a fiver. If however you prefer a more polished experience you may want to look else where."
,Recommended,252570,11481733,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,"I felt wrong after buying this game for only $1.97. It has a great concept; you're Theseus and you have to descend into the Labyrinth to slay the Minotaur. You can see the inspiration old games had on this modern dungeon crawler. It even features a merchant--with his own quirky music--to buy weapons from. The level layout is randomized; so each time you restart or enter a new area it's completely different. The creature and level design is good. The only problem this game has as far as I could see is the optimization. Even on a good PC it seems to run poorly. Lots of hiccups, especially when dealing with swarms of enemies, can ruin the game experience. I really hope these issues are fixed, because this can be a really good game."
,Recommended,252570,12439073,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,KaoticSPAZ,"This is just a good game. This game is one of those games that is absolutely fantastic, but no one really knows about. The good things about this game is that it is great for anyone who likes geek mythology. Thats what its all about, obviously your going to like it. It has a good balance between fighting and the stealth aspect. Im definatley better at the fighting aspect, so thats ho i choose to go about things. Next, this game is a challenge. I have died and had to restart a level so many times, that it was almost frustrating. Its different every time so that keeps the game going and exiting, even i you do have to retry the same level. Some things that arent exactly great about this game is that there are a few bugs. The only bugs i have noticed are not game-breaking and are all problems with the level generator. Sometimes there willl be a little gap between the floor generations that you will get stuck in and be unable to get away from (unless an enemy throws you out) Once, both the minitaur and cerberaus were stuck on the exit, and i couldnt leave! This rarely happens, and is not really something to worry about. People may whine about how little weapons there are, but seriously how many do you need? The game is not all based on fighting, there is more to it than that. The game isnt really a horror game with jumpscares, it is more the horror of not knowing where anything is. There could be a zombie just out of reach of your torch, but you can hear him and it echos aound in this creepy kind of way. Definatley not scary at all (which is good....i hate horror games!) I know that this wasnt a great reveiw, just wanted to get my scrambled thoughts out there. Its a good game, buy it.I will say my overall sore on how much i personally enjoy the game is a solid:8/10"
76561198031765203,Recommended,252570,10025291,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"One word describes Depths of Fear: Unique.If you enjoy Greek Mythology and want to experience the feeling of running through a labyrinth being chased down by legendary creatures such as the Hydra, Griffin, or Medusa, then Depths of Fear is for you.Depths of Fear is not a great game by any standard, but I have literally never played a game quite like this before, and that alone got me on the originality factor. The fact that the entire game is randomly generated is pretty awesome. Depths of Fear takes about 5 hours to finish (it does have an infinite dungeon mode which adds to its replayability).7/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)"
,Recommended,252570,13318668,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,NokturnL AdammuS KmurduK,Wow this game is.....actually really cool!
76561197976910489,Recommended,252570,13952145,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,EvilDastard,"Depths of Fear is a mix of stealth and combat-based gameplay, with elements of horror & Greek mythology, set in a labyrinth of procedurally-generated dungeons. It features a number of melee and ranged weapons which gradually become available to you as you collect more treasure and gold. You'll encounter a variety of monsters, including some very famous mythological creatures.Once the main questline has been finished, you'll be able to continue your adventures by exploring an endless number of procedurally-generated levels. Goals still remain for the player even at this stage, since Steam Achievements exist for making it to the deeper levels.Depths of Fear is by no means perfect, but it isquite good. Yes, it's very indie; the graphics are not bleeding edge and it is a bit rough around the edges in some spots. But the atmosphere, theme, setting, gameplay, andcontinued developer supportare outstanding."
,Recommended,252570,12488379,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,quaint folksy quicksand,"Depths of Fear is just the right kind of janky.Twitchy controls, weird physics and darkness create a surreal, daunting atmosphere.Overpowering monsters have you constantly on the run through the randomly generated nightmare that is the Labyrinth.It's not as overall scary as it's suspenseful though because the basic structure is always the same - run from the monster, find a key, go to the next level. A few scripted set piece hazards would have been nice.You may also randomly find the strongest weapons early on, which are strong enough to remove the stress and challenge from combat.Randomly generated levels are the only roguelike feature by the way."
,Recommended,252570,12437814,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ham Powers,"As far as horror games go especially in the Indie market, you're going to be in for a lot of jump tactics and corridors, collecting things for no purpose and the same thing that's been seen way too much in the horror genre, it's sort of like the movies, isn't it?This game doesn't rely on that.Depths of Fear isn't a horror game per say, but the atmosphere and surroundings can certainly put it in that category.The idea of a Labyrinth sounds like it will be an ordeal, with trecking about in circles. DoF is laid out so well that it gives you motivation to carry on and to see what's around each bend, whilst hiding in the shadows from dire enemies.It does have it's cons though, but the pros outweigh them by a long shot.The stealth can be tricky and messy at times, making it pretty difficult, at times you'll like the challenge and then other times you'll be wondering how that even happened. But frankly that's all i've found bad about this so far.With an original story and some nice RPG elements to it, DoF delivers a great experience hard pressed to find and at a price (I got it on sale as well) you get a bang for your buck. If you like your games dripping with a dark atmosphere, then you won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,252570,9925246,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Hoot.avi,"PROS:Very very fun roguelike with legitimate stealth sectionsSmooth, borderline seamless world generationPretty nice graphics. Especially for a roguelike.Lengthy singleplayer.CONS:Weird, janky animations, for both the player and enemies.Some textures are just bad, flat, or low res.Combat is spotty at times, but not gamebreaking or anything.All in all, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,252570,9951420,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Romcake,10/10 you can burn tables.
,Recommended,252570,12988796,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tipsheda,"This game is far from perfect with simple combat and AI issues (e.g. getting caught on ledges or just acting strangely in general), but the glooming atmosphere, effective stealth mechanics, and ""punchy"" sound design (e.g. the soundtrack, the sound of footsteps, and that pot smashing sound) make this a whole lot better.  Even for the base price of $5.99, this game is definitely worth a shot."
,Recommended,252570,12750345,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Zaktor-9T9,I enjoy this game. Although I move really slow while trying to stay hidden as much as possible. But I do like the game.
76561198025093178,Recommended,252570,12394700,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ihKu47,"Quite a fun Ancient Greece themed stealth dungeon crawler with randomly generated levels and rogue lite treatment of player death. You're trapped in the labyrinth of the Minotaur, and as you progress through you tresspass in portions of it patrolled by the most well known monsters of Greek mythology. The labyrinth is dark, so you need your torch and a keen eye to avoid stumbling into deadly traps or minor monsters. The thing is, while the torch is lit the main monster will stumble upon and notice you sooner or later, so the game becomes a nice balancing between avoiding these different types of hazards and you really feel the tension when a monster is patrolling right by you as its torch almos lits the corner you've crammed yourself into - or alternatively it does reach you and you try to make a run for it before being horribly mauled. Good times!I haven't had the time to play Knossos too much as of yet, but I could recommend this game for anyone who has played old 3D dungeon games and enjoys a bit of nostalgia, or for players who enjoyed Eldritch as the two titles have some similarities in gameplay (except every level of Knossos has a different type of Shoggoth making your life difficult). Alternatively, a stealth fan looking for an original indie title to sate their appetites will propably feel very much at home. The previous build had a problem with the monsters honing in on you a little too much but as of 08.10.2014 the problem has been fixed - don't be fooled by some older reviews dealing with the problems of that build."
,Not Recommended,252570,12737826,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Monsieur-Owly,If you want to survive in the minotaur's maze you must watch out for the traps... the glitches... and the clunky unfinished combat system... BeWaRe!Rating:5.0
,Recommended,252570,13935912,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,extracrebular activity,I have no idea what was going on but i think i liked it.My buddy and i just made a video on this today. Anyone thinking of watching check it out here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmNQSwXHXbw&index=1&list=PLaiJiaCkeZ2M4Pq4VzbRhLqPjYyWBmMEWMy final Verdict 10/10 We have feet
76561198015337401,Recommended,252570,11528149,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Major Hugh Jassle,"turn torch off and listen to the hooves, the hooves never lie"
,Not Recommended,252570,29984046,Posted: 17 February,all,✪ Spartan195,"He intentado probarlo muchas veces, pero los controles son malisimos, y las animaciones aun peor."
76561198126430698,Recommended,252570,12510360,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,metroidcorona,"picked mine up for a dollar , but even at full price it would have been worth it."
,Recommended,252570,12432082,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wrektless,"Dont have the money for Alien Isolation or just looking for another great buy, then try this game out, its atmospheric, has depth, fear, (pun not intended) but its definitley fun, played through the first level a couple of times to get the hang of it and collect more gold and the minitaur rolled up on me...stomach..in..my..throat lol!"
,Not Recommended,252570,13465573,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,grey,only buy this if you strive to play the most obscure games. i can look past the bad presentation but not bland levels that all feel the same and the near nonexistant difficulty.
,Not Recommended,252570,25005380,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Xanth752,"I love greek mythology so much that I do a podcast on it.I just can't recomend this game.Too boring, too difficult, TOO DARK!"
,Not Recommended,252570,13011999,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Masked Villain,"The game is buggy, in that I mean if you are behind a satyr and it says you're hidden the satyr magical sees you buggy. Maybe it grew an eye on the back of it's head? The combat system is the same get a weapon and smack the♥♥♥♥♥off the enemy but makes it feel even worse when the A.I is horrible for instance, The weaker A.I I have seen stack on each other, stop randomly during a chase or fight, or not even react. The graphics are bad which doesn't bother me but it lags my computer and I can play payday 2 at a high res and get over a solid 60 FPS so I turned down the graphics and when I did I almost noticed no difference. The levels are repetitive, I talking like you play it for 20 minutes and you will probably know all the satyr levels and they almost seem to last forever. The scary effect is good, the bleat of the satyr definitely made me jump a couple of times but it is also ruined by the abysmal stealth system because the weaker A.I always see you and like I said the satyr has a third eye. The soundtrack feels great on the game really giving it the mythological feeling and it really has some great mythological knowledge such as praying to certain gods to recive their power for that level. But in the end the game is really poorly executed, which disappoints me so much because I looked at the positive comments and bought the game because it looked interesting to me because of the new fresh idea so at this time I would give the game a 4/10 for being a promising game that misses the punch. I'll update my score if they fix the game."
76561198079782304,Recommended,252570,9923414,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,The Garfunkler,"Really fun, but can get hard at times 8/10"
,Not Recommended,252570,12397263,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mana,"No, just no. This is broken beyond hell. Mouse sensitivity at start was ludicrous spin million times around with slightest mouse movement. Buying an item caused the camera to  lock at 90 degrees angle up so lowest i could look was 45 degrees up from straight ahead, and highest was me looking backwards at an awkward upside down angle. Who knows what else this has, but how am I supposed to play such a broken game?Update (2017-01): Tried again after apparently 2+ years? Things are fixed surely by now, yes? So I get pushed down into the pit. Told to jump out of water to start the game proper. Instead I fall into the void below. No. I'm not going to change my review."
,Not Recommended,252570,12681308,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"I really wanted to like this game. I love greek mythology, and have always loved the idea of the labyrinth. However, I can't recommend that anyone purchase this game... The game runs horribly slow on a pc that it should not be running slow on. Which immediately was a red-flag. Finally, after turning it to the lowest settings I was able to actually move around a bit. I went down in to my first run. I made it to what I presume is the final level of the Satyr area on my first go and noticed a pretty large amount of errors. First off, the satyr (which is the main thing you're to avoid in this segment of the game) would get stuck in random places, making it impossible to chase me even if it wanted. The satyr fell through the map on at least 2 occasions, and generally is just programmed poorly. All of the other creatures are so basic in their AI that it's almost upsetting.. They just move, and then attack if you're in range, and the way they attack doesn't change the gameplay, or how you react in any way. The stealth elements are pretty horrible too. You turn off your torch, and take 2 steps back, and immediately you're hidden! The game could have been good, it wants to be good, but it's bogged down by bad programming."
76561198055904806,Not Recommended,252570,12393742,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,highball,Very repetative. Sneaking is poorly implemented: enemies just walk straight towards you even when the game tells you that you are hidden.
76561198086574844,Recommended,252570,12389020,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Macadangdang,I have been attacking the minotaur with my club for 30 minutes how much longer will this game take
,Recommended,252570,10824241,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Saint Satan,This game feels like it came out in the 90s.  It replicates the atmosphere of 90s games so brillantly it's almost perfect.  The game however is average.
76561198040295426,Not Recommended,252570,12407091,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,diegzumillo,"I usually wait for a few more hours of gamepaly to write a more in depth review but, since I'm uninstalling it, I don't think my opinion will change any time soon.First of all, this is not a horrible game at all. It's got a lot of good ideas under its belt. It is extremely amateurish-looking, from graphics and sound to the implementation, but these things are easily overlooked when the game as a whole works well. However that is not the case, nothing really clicks they way it should (I'm assuming). The stealth mechanics doesn't work well, I never know when I'm really hidden, making the indicator completely useless. The game tries to set a mood of fear and tension but it never really succeeds. I tried using a few weapons to see if the game shines more from the action perspective but so far I haven't got much luck there too.As much as I like the general idea of non linear challenges, mixture of stealth and survival, greek mythology etc, the game is not fun."
,Not Recommended,252570,31328061,Posted: 23 April,all,Verdantil,"Tags: 1PStealth - First Person StealthAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content Hide from LibraryTLDR: TrashEven free it will lose entertainment value and feel like it is wasting your precious hobby time. It is the work of an individual dev however so I will say that if they had adjusted a few more things this could had been a really cool Thief-Like dungeon crawl game. Too bad points for trying but no dicePros+Grainyness of textures adds a unique visual flair to the game+Good work on the sound design+A winning core formula and cool greek settingCons-Game is cobbled together shoddily-Instant death and cheap traps abound in a low light setting-Feeling of progression eroded by random generation of levels, cheap deaths, means you will start trying to speedrun rather than carefully stealth, or rambo enemies, but mobs spawn constantly, especially if spotted by a boss unit destroying the tone of the gameplay, the credibility of the universe, and making it a really poor doom cloneIndepth look at issues : Monsters clipping in and out of each other, Poor AI making the stealth overpowered against the boss where he wont see you even if he should, while mobs will zero in on you and attack you even if you are very well hidden in darknexss, Character controls a little on the clunky side, making going in and out of stealth on the fly difficult, lore books are an unhelpful hint system, death animations of enemies is usually just them exploding or falling flat in a ridiculous looking manner. Random generation will make enemies and objects spawn near the ceiling at times"
,Recommended,252570,12474039,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tynon_2112,"I will update this often (in the hope that my gameplay will be indicative of others' and, as such, a good log for the developer, should he find this)(because *shrug*). Comments meant specifically for the developer will be CAPITALIZED. Regardless of the content of this ("")review(""), I will record a recommendation until a time that I've found Depths of Fear :: Knossos to be undesirable (should a time arise)(but, the premise of the game and the fact that it's the product of one man; THUMBS UP).As of 1.4.4, the developer has addressed two of the issues I had recorded (whether because of this review or not):""Fixed being able to hide in some torch lit areas... Vases shatter properly when struck in-level.""Update 1.4.3 (Blood Moon), 10/8/14:I fall into a cramped Dungeon. I root through 2 rooms, see the Satyr's torchlight, put mine out, hunker down, move while crouched to the next room as the Satyr turns to head towards me, I somehow alert him after having made it around the corner (I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥). I can't find a way out, other than a hole with what looks like lava underneath it, so I say ""*sigh* Guess I'll attack it again."" I get in a good 7 hits with the club that costs 1 Gold. Woah, how 7?! Well... THE SATYR KEPT WARPING INTO WALLS, allowing me to hit it until it finally won out in the endurance contest.Later: I made it to level 2 of the Satyr! Without being detected! Alas... I peeped the Satyr's lightsource so I avoided it. Made the rounds, found myself back where I started. Still, that light persists! I check it... *facepalm* THE SATYR IS MOONWALKING - IT'S STUCK IN PLACE!From The Update Notes:As of Update 1.4.1: GUI includes: health and energy indicators, sound meter, crouch/sneaking iconAs of Update 1.4.3: Health UI removed...Forgive my ignorance but, as I understand Updates, each of them patches the game; unless altered by subsequent Updates, former Updates still impact the game.BY ""HEALTH UI REMOVED"" IS IT MEANT THAT ALL 4 ASPECTS OF THE HUD IMPLEMENTED IN 1.4.1 ARE REMOVED? OR, AS I THOUGHT, STRICTLY THE HEALTH METER? I DON'T HAVE ANY OF THESE HUD INDICATORS, UNLESS THE ""HIDDEN"" INDICATOR AT THE 12 O'CLOCK POSITION IS THE CROUCH/SNEAKING ICON.Notes (as opposed to logs): PERHAPS THE PATH BY WHICH THE BOSSES TRAVEL COULD BE MORE RANDOM? I've no idea what to expect throughout the game in terms of map sizes, but maybe the bosses could make one round in a certain path and then in the next round of scouting, take a different path? TWO WINDING TRAILS TO AVOID WOULD BE MORE STRESSFUL THAN THE ONE STRICT PATH.I'm not being snide: From the game, I can only assume that the basic vision is reflected, regardless of future Updates. Speaking as a critic (with none of the accolades pertaining to such a title, simply a player who wishes to give feedback), I WOULD SUGGEST THAT THE LIGHT WHICH EMANATES FROM OBJECTS YOU CAN INTERACT WITH BE DULLED; perhaps have the light from objects grow as you get closer, dim as you go further from. Having updated the game so that static torches can only be lit once, requiring destruction of the torch to snuff it, you're still tweaking how much leniancy the game offers us. By dimming the light of Gold, Books, Keys, etc., further trepidatious exploration would be encouraged, thus immersion would increase.By the way, I didn't see in any Update notes anything refuting Health regeneration. I have none. I've read in other reviews that at one time, at least, there was health regeneration. I doubt such a significant change is a glitch on my part, I can only assume you have removed it or lessened it greatly.Please be sure to make notes of every change made.I'm absolutely ham-handed on the keyboard (""What're you doing playing games on PC then?!?!"" I gave away my PS3, have a laptop, there you go.) - I read elsewhere that apparently Controller Support is meant to be implemented eventually. Incredibly tense, I can only play Knossos for short spurts before panic overcomes (haha); currently, there is controller support in the sense that  actions can be mapped; there are no Controller Options. Having mapped all of the actions successfully, the camera is irrevocably inverted. As soon as Controller Support is actually implemented, I will be able to play this for hours on end, as I'll be wholly confident in my abilitytoplay."
76561198085173934,Recommended,252570,17102482,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Zokar,<3
,Not Recommended,252570,12911422,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mortymher,"I really wanted to like this game, the idea of spooky labyrinth based on greek mythology was something fresh, but after 2 hours of play im done... This game is ugly, bugged like hell, combat system - wait actually there isnt any combat system just brainless one-button smash, and really frustrating, only good things are price (in promo) and steam cards..."
,Recommended,252570,13937995,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Motol,Edit:after i tried the game again after they patched the game a couple times I can say it runs a lot betteri'm still not a fan of the art stylebut it's pretty cool
,Recommended,252570,13930919,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,connorcaughlin1,I can't play it for more than five minutes at a time.10/10
,Not Recommended,252570,15894745,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,YogiBear,Terrible. Waste of money
,Recommended,252570,13576757,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Reyedog,"I need to complete this game, it remids me of an old atari game but in 3D. Infact it totally reminds me of a game from that age. The music, The feel, And gameplay, it all screams 80's but in modern age. I am happy I bought this game cause it shows tons of potential for their efforts.    Now if someone would just make a 3D version of mountain King. Then I would be in heaven."
,Recommended,252570,33814985,Posted: 26 July,all,Bonebuss,this game is amazing :))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,252570,16145413,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,goka9696,"I have no idea why, but this is actually a great game.It's fun, it has atmosphere, it runs alright, controls are not awful.But if I had to really say why I like it....No idea.Oh and I have 0 achievements because game used to have a bug that didn't unlock them. By the time it got fixed (if it got fixed that is) I stopped playing."
76561198065616407,Recommended,252570,17263464,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Dread Lord Turk,The Knossos of Knossos :: Konossos
,Not Recommended,252570,10105057,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Holo,"You start out in a small garden with 9 or so doorways that lead to 9 bosses you must defeat to unlock a sword to defeat the tenth one and ultimately beat the game.  You only have a dagger to aid you on your first journey into the laybrinth. You climb down some stairs, and you find yourself in a randomly generated level; it just so happens the key to unlock the next level was generated right in front of you. You pick up the key, look to your right; the exit. Wow, that was easy you say to yourself; I wonder if it will be like this the whole time? You beat 3 levels with equal amounts of effort. Now the boss battle. Your soo pumped right now, you collected all your awesome weapons and gold for this moment.The boss appears on the other end. In the middle of the room is a golden figure on top a pillar. You decide to pick it up. Lava begins rising; the boss dies. Hurray you beat, the boss by picking up some golden object from a pillar.Well you ask yourself, maybe since this was my first boss, they were easy on me?No. Every single boss, with the exception of the last boss is defeated the same way.You reach the last boss, you slap him 5 times and he dies.Credits roll.I bought this game expecting better graphics, as those shown on the thumbnails. I didn not get that I got♥♥♥♥♥♥poor animated monsters and clunky gameplay mechanics. There are these kinds of alters in the game you pray to, in order to gain some magic power. It is one use and you barely find yourself using it.I would close my eyes and forgive it for it's animation,gameplay, and graphics. But even the programming is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.Frequent crasheswall clippingmonsters walk through wallsNow I understand this was made by  single person, proabably took him a while to finish this game, but it does not excuse the fact that this game is too short and not even slightly challenging.4/10"
,Not Recommended,252570,25812339,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"The game is a great idea with a god awful implementation, making it one of the biggest piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever had to deal with.The game is damn near pitch black with terrible lighting. you spend most of your time not being able to see morethan a foot in front of you.The game boasts you will be dying a lot, but fails to tell you that its because of of their own incompetence when understanding proper lighting for dark games.I imagine the entire place is coated in a pitch black darkness to hide the poor quality models and textures.Send this to someone you hate."
,Not Recommended,252570,12397345,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,1800-EAT-SHIT,"It isn't scary. More importantly, I doubt it's even a finished product. Enemies continuously spawn in everywhere, instantly. They then proceed to spin silently, and indefinitely on their respective axis. Also every single prop that came within a foot of me violently exploded across the room which is incredibly problematic when you're supposed to use them to hide from the afore mentioned ""rotating rivals"". I'm surprised this half finished game has been around since even before early access and greenlight came to steam."
76561197970447700,Not Recommended,252570,11499057,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,oneclipleft,"*COMPLETE UPDATE*Ok, considering the last update increased the quality of this game quite a bit, I still have some issues with it. I'm upgrading my review from ""bad"" to ""has potential."" There are still some irritating bugs/features (sometimes the game says you're hidden when you're not, the Satyr seems to constantly know where you are/follow you for no discernable reason, I accidentally completed the first Satyr's level by falling into a hole instead of consciously completing an objective, etc). But! I'm really excited to report that many things I had complained about before are greatly improved by this update! Better yet, there were moments where I did experience true shock/terror, so that's also really promising.So, I still cannot whole-heartedly recommend this one quite yet, but if another update or two rolls out, I think this could turn into a really fun game. Great work guys! Keep it comin!"
,Recommended,252570,9959648,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,isaiahere,"I've just started getting into this game, but so far, it's a huge bang for my buck. Lots of cool enemies and weapons and randomly generated environments are a huge plus. I'm looking forward to any updates to this game in the future."
,Recommended,252570,9958956,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Torrentbullets*!*,The game is real good but I have a hard time saving.because I bought this game like three days ago and I just started at level one.When I pass level one I save and quit the game but when I start the game it take me back to the cahmber.so I rest the whole game but I still have my weapons
,Not Recommended,252570,22603148,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR: HOW TO SCREW UP YOUR EYES SIMULATOR... THE GAME!Oh boy... how can you like a game that you can't see S H I T in-game!?!?Not only that, but each time I tried to really play the game, I kept being trapped in that hole that you fall into, when the game starts...After 5 tries, I managed to ""appear"" in the level that you're supposed to land on and well... the game is way too dark.No brightness settings too in the options.Nah, I'm not wasting more time for this thing!Sad, because the concept of the game is interesting, the ambiance can be spooky and the music is decent!What I managed to grasp of this game, you basically are sent to hunt down the big bad Minotaur, into this big labirynth, that seems randomly generated. The trick is, you can only kill that ""boss"" with a locked sword, which requires you to navigate and kill a few ""legendary"" monsters of the Greek Mythology in order to unlock (Pointer: I didn't managed to get there!). Stealth is greatly focused in this game however, the problem is the stealth is very broken. Even if you unlit the torch, hide in corner or other corridor (and literally blind yourself), the enemy will still find you, magically! So the A.I. is atrociously bad and the lack of lighting is my biggest thumb down. Your torch lit about a feet or two ahead of you... how can that be good? Monsters are also clearly overpowered. You barely inflict any damage! You just keep dying over and over.Bah, poor execution of the game and the developers clearly lacked vision to make the game more appealing... AND PLAYABLE!OVERALL:If only that game was better tuned in the options and add more brightness, I might have given it more chance! And the poor balance of the weapons vs monsters should be reworked! There should have been a progression system, that let's you get better and be able to challenge stronger creatures with time and persistence.RECOMMENDATION:Even at a great deal, stay away of this game and play something else... heck, even a Facebook game is better... and I hate Facebook games with a passion!RATING:TRY AT YOUR OWN RISK!"
,Recommended,252570,14999435,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,GorillaOnTheLoose,"This one surprised me how fun it was.  It's hard to describe this one, think Depths of Fear, meets Knossos"
,Not Recommended,252570,17179435,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Redes A.K.A The Just Swag xD,Nah
,Not Recommended,252570,12194931,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mr Eagle,Kept my intrest.. for 2 seconds.
76561197983970175,Not Recommended,252570,15003350,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,SatanPlayingGames,"I had high hopes for this game.  It has all of my praise for it's unique idea.  The idea of blending greek mythology with a rouge-like first-person stealth game, is fantastic.  If only they had spent more time, or money, or effort, or whatever it took, to make it look and play better.  The graphics look like the game should be running on Windows 98, and the combat consists of just click MOUSE1 until you die, or the thing you are fighting dies.  It does a decent job of atmosphere, but just like anything else (this game especially), once you see the monster you are so afraid of, the magic is lost.  I lost interest very quickly playing this due to poor combat design and poor graphics (and this is coming from a guy who loves games like Dungeons of Dredmor).  Do not waste you hard earned dollars buying this game.  While the idea is there, it was executed so poorly.  Maybe the minds that made it will get another shot at making something with a little more polish."
76561198127814394,Not Recommended,252570,18895281,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Zach Monty,eh
76561197996971082,Recommended,252570,14655906,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,✏pencils✏,"Great first person survival horror roguelike with a very unique atmosphere (read: dark and urgent).My only complaint is that ""city of filth"" is attested as an epithet of Athens in this game and nowhere else. Such an intriguing epithet, that."
76561198143392228,Recommended,252570,22703851,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dr Swirl,vodka vodka
,Not Recommended,252570,14055985,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Feenixx7,This game just wont open for me. It looks like it might work but just stops loading and cant get any further.
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,252570,10109665,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,hermetico,THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥HANGS every time you try to change something in its options.Windows 8 64 bits.Don't buy it.
76561198099844126,Recommended,252570,10077123,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Bothersome Creature 259,"This game is worth playing at first. The levels are randomized, death has next to no punishment, and the graphics aren't complete crap. The first area is relatively easy, but the difficulty spikes after that. Fun for a few hours. Six out of ten."
76561197966676194,Recommended,252570,11471539,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,wr41thx,"If you enjoyed Eldritch, then you will very likely enjoy this game as it is a similar formula in regards to basic game play.  What it adds to that formula are unlockable weapons, a neat Ancient Greece theme, and some rather tame boss fights.Graphics are decent for what it is, especially since it was developed by a single person, but the audio is where this game really shines.  The boss monsters make distinct sounds that echo through the stone halls.  There is a ominous synth bass soundtrack that reminds me of old 70s horror movies that, while clashing with the theme, just fits for some reason.  Just watch the trailer to get an idea, but it reminds me of the opening to Mr. Crowley by Ozzy.Note: This game has some pretty rough edges.  I had a few crashes and an annoying bug where the game would load to a tiny borderless window.  It feels more like an early access game than a fully completed product.  If you are the type to rage over a game not being incredibly polished, then play Eldritch if you havent already - then if you crave more play this.Still, at $1.97 right now on sale, the game is very much worth the money in my humble opinion.  If you watch the trailer and like what you see, then the original price of $5.99 is very fair as well."
76561197994265904,Recommended,252570,12182338,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Amenhotep,"This game is a little clunky at times with some serious glitches, but they can be overlooked as you can restart the levels at any time, which arn't too difficult anyway.Normally I would say this is too clunky and glitchy to be worth playing, but for this price the game is at the very least entertaining. You can probably finish it in a few hours, and its a hoot.Recommended if you want a quick dungeon adventure."
,Recommended,252570,11955868,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,EdmondD,"Depths of Fear: Knossos is quite an interesting game. Certainly worth the two dollars I spent buying it on sale. The game is quite flawed though having been developed by only one person I believe. In fact before the recent patch it was literally unplayable, crashing to desktop often. The patch did squash many bugs and I was able to finish the game yesterday.The graphics are rough, the animation janky. The ambiance is very good though. Gameplay is serviceable but nothing special. However, the sound design is perhaps one of the best things about the game. The sounds of the various monsters are frightening and atmospheric. The music is great, reminiscent of 80's cult horror movies at least that is what it made me think of. It actually reminded me a bit of the Hotline Miami soundtrack. The developer is quite skilled at sound work I thought.Depths of Fear: Knossos is a rogue-like dungeon crawler. Or perhaps rogue-lite is a better term for it. You are the legendary Theseus thrown into the pits of Knossos and you must defeat the Minotaur and escape. There are several mythical monsters you must defeat including the Hydra, Medusa, and Cerebus. Each monster you defeat gives you a gold coin and when you have enough coins it unlocks a sword and you can then face the Minotaur.Before you can defeat the monsters you must first go through the randomly generated dungeons trying to find a key to escape. You find money you can use to buy various weapons and books used to by spells by worshiping at shrines of various gods. The monsters are stalking you and cannot be defeated. You can kill them but they just respawn. You must hide or run for you life. This is quite tense and enjoyable adding a bit of survival horror to the game. There are zombies and skeletons roaming around sometimes too. Escape from four of these levels and you move onto an arena level where you face the monster. It can then be defeated and you can retrieve the coin.I have a passion for greek mythology and this game really did the myths justice. Quite a unique game that I was glad to experience."
,Not Recommended,252570,11594477,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a First person rogue-like game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are some different resolution sizes available.There is a Music+Sound volume slidebar available.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There is a mouse sensitivity slidebar available.About the game.You have been dropped into the pit and you will have to beat the boss on each level. Each level has a couple of floors and you will have to find a key in order to open the exit door. Each floor will show up the current boss, but you can't kill him yet. Once on your boss floor you are able to kill him and claim the token. Once you have collected every token from each boss, you will be able to kill the final boss. You are able to buy new weapons from the shop and you are able to use them on each floor.Graphics are odd.Game is pricey.Low replayability.Game is Short.There is Survival mode.Other things.I have even heard from other players that you spawn into a level without an exit.I have even encountered an invincible zombie that is able to hit me. But i can't hit him.I have even had some levels that were zombies spawned inside of the wall.-------------------I Give this game a 5/10"
,Recommended,252570,17298739,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,籠 中 鳥,Awesome game but too dark..
76561198028390148,Recommended,252570,17196444,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,J.G. Cross,"Basically like an old B horror movie: a bit rough around the edges and basic, but a lot of fun and providing some good scares. It's a stealth game taking place almost entirely in the dark where you have to navigate the different levels of the labyrinth while avoiding monsters, zombies, giant bugs, and demons. This game truly surprised me. The production values are very basic, but have a certain charm that just grows you. The game itself can be seriously chilling. There's nothing likethe experience of wandering around in the dark only to be confronted by a satyr. it lets out a chilling bellow, calling for help from its demonic buddies and starts giving chase. Until you manage to outrun it (which is no easy task given the various dead ends in the levels) and find a dark spot to crouch down in and hide, you won't be safe. Even then you're not truly safe. Sometimes, when you're in the dark, the enemies can inch near you and (possibly) detect you if they get close enough. It's pretty tense.Overall, a very solid stealth horror game and a good way to train for the big leagues of tense, stealth horror: Alien Isolation.Pros:Very tenseSome of the sound effects are chillingEnemies are threatening enoughB movie charmDoesn't rely on cheap jump scaresCan be pretty adrenaline-pumpin when you're chased by the enemiesCons:Modest production values might turn graphics enthusiasts off instantlySome really poor animations on some of the enemies"
,Recommended,252570,17198140,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SantosDeMarque,"Very good game but not optimized as well as it could be. It constantly causes my labtop to overheat, which is a problem. But seeing as how I bought the game for less than a dollar it really doesn't matter."
76561198003120281,Not Recommended,252570,17362414,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Guzen,This game has a great concept. Most of the time the game is to dark to see much.
,Recommended,252570,18345053,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ruggwain,"This is by far my favourite horror game of all time :3I've had it for a while and I loved it and seeing all these negative reviews I've decided to come and righten some wrongs.The setting as many have mentioned before is unique, the dark setting and atmosphere with the cool (as in temperature) background noises within the background. The graphics fit the setting perfectly, with standard to good animations (that don't really matter in that constant darkness)One thing that bothered me was that many people complained about the lack of importance for stealth and the misleading and impossible playstyle. I agree that losing your progress when you die is not very fun, one of the only things I don't like about this game, but it's dramatised far too much.Concerning the stealth gameplay, all bosses work differently. Let's take the first two you'll face as an example, Centaur and Cerberus.The centaur carries a torch and is able to see you from far away, meaning that it's best to put all the torches out and hide. Any complaints people are making about him being able to see you through walls or something are misleading, since monsters don't just see you, they hear you, in the case of Cerberus even smell you. If you walk, run or have your torch on and the Centaur is around the corner he'll know you're there. you just have to run and hide int he shadows until he's gone.Cerberus as mentioned smells you, always being near you. That said, his dungeon is very dark and he's only able to see you at a much closer range than the Centaur. Consequently stealth isn't effective on him, running being the only efficient way to flee.The random generation is amazing, many ancient structures mixed together to make a believable temple, often with perfectly hidden traps (looking at you spike trap hidden behind stairs). there's also random events happening. One of those events was that the minotaur appeared in the centaur dungeon to hunt me, it was excillerating. You expected the centaur and he was there, but suddenly the endboss you were only supposed to meet seven or so dungeons later appears in front of you and you lose all will to live XDAll in all I can only recommend this, play, love it, kill the minotaur to prevent him from making you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants while traversing other dungeons, and say hi to good old shopkeeper Daedalus."
76561198119501258,Not Recommended,252570,18246866,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Salvatration on Twitter,"Stealth barely works. Every level eventually devolves into walking at a slightly faster pace than the monster chasing you on that floor.Ugly as sin, but it's indie. If the gameplay was good, that would make up for it. Try Eldritch instead, if you're looking for a floor based rouge-like FPS."
,Recommended,252570,18199492,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dr. Adam,"I'd like to imagine that Depths of Fear : Knossos was a game made in the 1990's, in the vain hope of justifying the countless glitches and mediocre graphics to myself.Unfortunately it isn't. In reality, Depths of Fear is a surprisingly entertaining FPS made in 2014. It's a game that comes so very close to being a great game, and falls short at just being good.The gameplay is satisfying, and playing the main game through to completion is a task that only takes a couple of hours. Now, I couldn't care less about graphics in a game, so long as the game is fun in itself. At this, Depths of Fear passes with flying colours. However, the thing that drags the game down is the glitchyness.I got stuck in walls countless times. This wasn't a problem playing the bulk of the game, as such a glitch simply meant a  level restart. Later on, however, it transitioned from being a nuisance to leaving me a jittering wreck in the corner, curled up in fetal position. In order to 100% the game, you must complete a long arduous journey, which is only prolonged by irritating and game-ending glitches.Despite this, the main bulk of the game nice, easygoing fun, and it's a game that I wouldn't say I, by any means, regretted playing through.Gameplay: 6     l l l     Graphics: 5     l l l     Difficulty: 7     l l l     Overall: 6"
76561198019604637,Recommended,252570,19098118,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Heretix,"Far from perfect, but good game for the price. Great atmosphere, challenging, unique. If you can overlook the shortcomings you have a gem for a low price."
76561198077025018,Recommended,252570,16443196,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"An overlooked Greek-themed dungeon crawler that is presented in first-person with rogue-like gameplay and procedurally generated labyrinths.Sacrifice yourself to the Labyrinth and face your darkest fears.No, literally, the labyrinths are commonly almost 100% pitch black and you must light torches and other sources of light. Be careful where you step however, for there are traps littering the map. Oh, and each footstep makes noise that can alert the monstrosities waiting in the dark...On top of traps, loot and enemies to encounter in each Labyrinth, there is a Greek-themed Boss for each floor taken straight from the rich and terrifying Mythology. I won't list them because discovering them is part of the experience.You may get weapons to fight these monsters, but you must explore and find enough gold in order to buy them. Weapons include, but are not limited to: a wooden club, a spiked club, a trident, a bow & arrows, etc.Like I stated, each time you enter a Labyrinth it is procedurally generated. You are never ever playing the same game twice, let alone the same floor twice. It is truly refreshing.Highly recommended, especially for how underrated it is.PERSONAL RATING: 8.5/10 - A very challenging, yet rewarding, rogue-like ""labyrinth"" crawler."
76561198050960929,Not Recommended,252570,16606554,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tufftyian,maybe im missing something here but as a casual gamer i just dont find this fun . i find it very dark my laptop has to be on full brightness just to navigate any level .no difficulty options its hard . cant really save where you want to you die all the time having to repeat what you have done already about a dozen times .the graphics are a bit rubbish seems more like a demo. im sure some will love it been hard and unuser friendly i dont . also the in game music hardly ever plays strangely silent game .as i said i play games to relax and enjoy this game for me fails .
,Recommended,252570,13955670,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Glemmar,"You are Theseus and you've been thrown in the minotaurs maze. In order to get out from the maze, you must defeat the minotaur. This is done by first defeating some lesser monsters from Greek mythology (Medusa, Hydra, Manticore and so on) and unlocking a special magical sword which you use to beat the snot out of the mintoaur. Doing all this takes about 2 hours, so don't expect to be playing this game for a whole weekend.Inititally the game is pretty much your average avoid detection, sneak in the dark and hide in the closet kind of monster game, but as soon as you unlock some proper weapons (trident), it all comes down to how good you are at strafing (or strifing according to the controls menu). Most of the monsters are pretty easy, but there are some harder ones like the Medusa which turns you into stone if you get too close and look it in the eyes.You complete a level by first finding a key and then running to the exit and opening it. Each monster has 4 levels where the first two are the same, on the third one after you found the key the minotaur also joins in and starts hunting you and the fourth one is a boss fight where you slay the lesser monster.In total the game is pretty repetative and after a while, you just basicly want to rush through each level just to get to the end. On the other hand, it takes only few hours so it is not that bad.The games has a bunch of minor bugs most of which just cause you alot of amusement, but getting stuck on the cracks in floor or if a random stone or something has been generated on top the exit is really annoying since you have to restart the whole level to fix it.This game was made by a one man, and it shows. The animation quality is not very convincing and the AI path finding is some times bit weird, but still this game is better than anything I could create alone.All in all, if this game is in sale and you want to have a few laughs and so on, I would recomend to try it out."
,Recommended,252570,14079544,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shrunk,i bought this game when it was dirt cheap and because it had good reviews.this game is quirky and really charming. buy it when its on sale you ♥♥♥♥♥♥. :^)
76561198240378486,Not Recommended,252570,17177179,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,chris.gillihan,Im not the type to complain about graphics as long as the gampley and story are good but the gampley was so bad in just 10 min i couldnt play it the mouse either went too fast or too slow and walking has major lag hit the arrow key wait 2-3 seconds and he will take a giant step forward
,Recommended,252570,13915016,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ungol,and just when you thought is was safe to go back to playing scary dark games....
,Recommended,252570,13935774,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,* Skiz *,"Ok so, this is one of most annoying games on planet earth,but its fun i reccomend it to anyone who has will to play it"
76561198064252589,Not Recommended,252570,14041846,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,The Manly Mango,"I started it and I instantly noticed problems. I wasn't able to focus on any particular subject because of mouse's twitchness, the graphics were wonky, the lava wasn't even real, and the everything was difficult to explore with the controls. In concept the game looks fun, but in reality it actually isn't. 4.5/10"
76561198028033871,Not Recommended,252570,14042557,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,First Mate Buddy,"IDK if its just me, but i can't look down. 2/10 can't look at♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,252570,13949970,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Drakiah,"I got enough fun out of this game to beat it and unlock everything, but my gosh...The lack of polish is astounding!- The level exit can spawn inside the ground.- Objects can spawn inside each other.- Enemies get caught on walls/corners/things all the time.- You can get permanently stuck on tiny gaps in the ground that you might not notice because the game is SO dark (Doom 3 has got nothing on this).- You can walk up rock walls like you can climb mountains in an Elder Scrolls game.- You can pass through some walls and ceilings.- Walls are often overlapping, causing flickering textures.This game is the epitome of cheap 3D indie game, but is at least playable...If you can't get enough of ""rogue-like"" games with random generation, and have the patience for countless little glitches and weirdnesses, maybe pick it up cheap like I did.Otherwise, this is a great concept and theme, unfortunately made into a mess of a game."
76561197972469767,Recommended,252570,11867250,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,white beast of wotan,"Ok, I have decided to delete my previous review upon playing the second newst version of 1.4.5Lets just say my last review was ""Beta Testing.""ALL of my previous complaints have been adressed and I think now I can recomend this title to anyone with full confidence. Especially those looking for something a little different, and especially if you are familiar with the lore and enjoy stealth, dark, first person action. Also I think the Score is excellent despite what others may say.This was appearantly all developed by 1 man, so in that regard alone, its a tremendous amount of work and undertaking. I would like to thank him for sticking through it and continuing to roll out updates for us brats, The work really shows and now that game works as intended, dont hesitate to pick it up."
,Recommended,252570,13945814,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tuppi,Freshening trashy.
76561198034782971,Recommended,252570,13969454,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Doctor Innocuous,Like skyrim with minotaurs.
76561198055797487,Not Recommended,252570,13974694,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,crawlinginmyskin.exe,"You can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ And by that I mean everything is basically pitch black, and there are no setting for gamma/brightness. It would be funny if the game actually looks like it does in the screenshots, but it doesn't. Your torch lights the way two feet in front of you and stops. There's a bit of moonlight, but just enough to make everything look like an absurd joke.Basically, your experience will come down to this: repeatedly running past the minotaur who is stuck on literally every damn wall, and then running right into medusa... because you can't see her... because you can hardly see any thing.Baddies home in on you from several rooms away, even when you are ""hidden"". Fighting is a joke, hiding is a joke, everything is a joke. Anyone who gave this game a positive review was either trying to be funny or cut the terrible devs a lot of slack. It's not worth a single dollar on sale price, and it's not even worth your time free. I gave up on this game so quickly because you can't see a damn thing, even for a rogue, stealth, or horror game, this is ridiculous. I might change my review if they finally add some relevent settings, but it's already been nearly a year since this game came out."
,Recommended,252570,13998064,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,KingJak,"A roguelite with an amazing greek atmospherea bit short (the story can be completed in 3 hours or less) but quite challenging depending on your playstylei suggest to avoid the trident and the sword you unlock by beating the game for the first time if you don't want to activate super easy mode (especially since the final sword almost 1 hit everything, including bosses).After you kill a boss, it's dungeon become unacessible, but there is an endless dungeon you can do as much as you want with random bosses in each floor"
76561198129852723,Recommended,252570,15551618,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,theloltroll,this game teaches you what its like to be a human in goat simulatorpick the game up when its on sale
76561198105627837,Recommended,252570,10055530,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Endangered Spycrab,"Aaaaaah, that's better, I made a review of this about 6 months ago, and back then, it was an abismal mess of bad AI, poor lighting, and un polished mechanics. All that has gone poof, the game has been polished, the AI has been fixed, and the lighting has finally made the freaking torch neccesary. Last time i stated that I couldn't progress because the Ai for the first monster was so abismal, I still can't progress, but now it can be 100 percent put down to me sucking at stealth ;). I'd love to tell you about the next monsters, and I probably will at some point, but right now, it looks like they've got it in the bag."
76561197996481059,Recommended,252570,14720233,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RiceSaki,"Its okay, but hiding in the shadows gets boring after a while."
76561198124583861,Not Recommended,252570,14458486,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,carbonfiber,Big mistake. Bought it when it was on sale laggy and glitchy.
,Recommended,252570,11497158,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,-/H•R\- Subject_Delta,"Depths of Fear is an interesting game. For those of you that didn't even feel the need to read what the game is about because it didn't look COD-ish enough for you, here is the rundown:You are a greek man name Thesius.  You wake up in a jailcell in an undisclosed location and are immeadiatly brought to King Minos by two guards. Minos chuckles a little and tells them to push you into the gaping hole you're standing in front of. You fall what I can assume is the equivalent of two stories into a giant pool of water. You climb out as a feeling of dread slaps you in the face. You're in the ♥♥♥♥ing Labyrinth. (Not the film starring David Bowie, which would be immensely scarier.) Your attention is brought towards the existence of the Minotaur, which is Minos' son, who can and will murder the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you once you have killed every other creature from greek mythology.Try reading that all in one breath.Anyway, the game plays like a dated fps game, but not in a bad way. It feels natural, given the gameplay isn't full of assault rifles and other ridiculous gadgets. Instead, the game encourages stealth as you traverse the many dungeons filled with satyrs and chimeras. Overall, the entire feel of the game is entirely B-movie based. The film grain effect should catch your eye right away, as will the synth powered soundtrack. (Anyone who watched the original Clash of the Titans will know what I mean.)The game itself feels dated, but don't let it stop you from buying it because it sounds unimpressive. It's actually all done well. Depths of Fear exists because the creator was passionate enough to make it in the first place. 9.5/10"
76561198073648775,Recommended,252570,16030164,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Suma,"You will run. You will hide. You will fight. You will die.That is no lie!  I get a creepy feeling playing this game.  I haven't played it very long yet, but that is only because I play so many games!  Like I said, I get the creeps playing this game and not too many games or movies give me the creeps.It's very atmospheric with great sound effects that will have you cowering in a dark corner hiding from the beasties in the game.  So far, I have only seen a few monsters, but one of them will creep you out for sure!  With it's creepy sound effects and huge weapon!  I'm gonna kill that mother one day! lolWhat's cool is you can hide in the shadows and they will hunt you relentlessly!  You can run and you can hide, but they will eventually find you and kill you! lol  Unless you find the key and exit the level that is! :-)  It's a great late night game to play with the lights out and headphones cranked!I recommend this game to anyone looking for a decent video game with a creepy atmosphere!  Horror survival fans will like it!  It's different in a good way.  It is worth the price of admission IMO!The game runs silky smooth for me at max settings.  Here are my system specifications: Apple iMac, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard), Journaled HFS+ Extended file system, Logitech optical mouse."
76561197992681797,Recommended,252570,16069305,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Logical Phalluses,"This might be all Ray Harryhausen and 70s Italian horror-esque, but this is probably the only game that's managed to make me feel fear since System Shock 2. Running in terror from goat noises just happens to be my jam, so this gets a thumbs up from me. I've only played it for a little bit, but however much I paid for it was worth it to actually feel like a real human being. Not a real hero though, unfortunately."
76561198044588548,Recommended,252570,16099524,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,peanut,"I really like this game.  It really shows you what its like to be hunted in the dark by hoofed, bipedal abominations."
76561198053243606,Not Recommended,252570,15890095,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,UberSloth,"Felt like I was playing something from the 80's. Great if you like retro games with clunky graphics, but not my thing. There are too many better titles available for less money than this cost."
,Recommended,252570,30756512,Posted: 26 March,all,Ghost Brain,"While this game has many persistant bugs (like A.I pathing gets stuck or getting stuck on the very edges of platforms), the game maintains this B-movie vibe similar to that of John Carpenter with the design direction of the enemies, the music, and the mindset the game wants you to have. This game is very good, the dev really knows how to set a great atmosphere comparable to Quake 1, but it does require you to really look over a lot of it's short comings."
,Recommended,252570,20708824,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,kemul,A First Person game about theseus (main character) fighting many greek mythology monsters.Pros:-. Nice concept and gameplay.-. Great monster design.Cons:-.Buggy-. The graphics and the sound is so-so6/10
,Recommended,252570,20424447,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DZimmy,"Greek mythology, rogue like, horror...just play it!"
,Recommended,252570,20359709,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,spaneika,A Greek mythological themed 80's low-budget horror movie with Morrowind-esque animations...  Excessively dark dungeons add to the tension and atmosphere.  3/5 labyrinths.
,Not Recommended,252570,13943422,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,めー,"Good idea, but a complete letdown."
76561197982685012,Not Recommended,252570,17163133,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rivethead,I Liked!   That I only paid 99 cent for this game.I Dislike!   That I wasted time on this POSWill give it another try some day. WoW. Bad game.Rivscore - 10 / 100
,Recommended,252570,14902269,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,breezeMy,AWEEEEESOOOOMEEEEE DUDE.
76561197970559525,Recommended,252570,16871360,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MONSTER ZERO,"Not my favourite game but a well executed concept, unique and immersive despite the rudimentary graphics and basic sound effects. Procedurally generated levels is a huge win, i wish more games had proc gen"
76561198056096128,Recommended,252570,17492294,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Aranethon,"Lovable like ""The Room"" and ""Birdemic: Shock and Terror"" and I keep coming back."
,Not Recommended,252570,17546363,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Big Money Salvia,"Eh, i was honestly quite confused for the small time i played"
,Recommended,252570,14003921,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,TheTinnMan,"I like this game, but I'm not sure why. As a game, it's a really interesting concept. You start in the ""hub"" of the labyrinth and visit major Greek mythical monsters sequentially (eventually working up to the Minotaur). Each level consists of several short randomized maze segments, where you have to find a key and the exit while the monster tries to hunt you down. This formula is very simple and can get repetitive after a while, but it serves its purpose for what the game is. After completing these, you are dropped into an arena level, where you must fight the monster and collect its gold medalion. It's described as a horror game, but the scares were at a minimum.The atmosphere strongly resembled Greek architecture (at least to me), but some places were a little bland or unmemorable. The major shortcomings with the appearance of this game were in the models. Most of the models were generic, or acceptable at best. One that specifically comes to mind is the Hydra. Not only is it far smaller than its popular depictions (in the game, it's a bit bigger than a bear), but it's best described as... lumpy.This is where the game falls short. Not only is the gameplay terribly repetitive, but the randomness of the levels causes glitches to occur fairly frequently. Several I've encountered include floor tiles spawning over the exit (the exits are holes in the floor), the exit spawning halfway into a wall, the monster becoming stuck on/in the exit, getting stuck IN the Hydra, getting stuck on a ledge while trying to walk off it, and falling through lava onto a random ledge under the level which somehow caused me to win the level. The amount and the frequency of these glitches caused me to get stuck on level 9 or 10 on ""endless mode"" on a regular basis.If you want a quick, simple game to keep you busy for a couple hours, or if you like Greek mythology, I think the Steam price of $6 is fair enough."
76561197963411795,Recommended,252570,28190327,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Urden,"6/10A solid, simple, and short horror piece that'd be an 8 with a little help (mostly with bugs).You take the role of Theseus, with the goal of fighting your way out of the mythic labyrinth and slaying the minotaur.  You start with nothing, but it's intended that you immediately find a torch in the enemy-free hub of the game.  There's also a merchant there to help you out with weaponry, once you collect some dough from your explorations.  The hub is a bit of a maze, but the sun shining down will light up your current entrance to the labyrinth.Each tier of the labyrinth is run by a different fabled beast and is comprised of several randomly-generated levels that are all sorts of dark.  The rules by which they're generated vary depending on which tier you're exploring, which is a nice touch, and the fabled beast will always be on the prowl.  Many levels have minor beasties you'll have to contend with, and occasionally another boss beast (or several?) will be wandering around as well.  Each level features a locked door for which you must find the key in order to move on.  Up until the point that you can afford the more powerful weaponry, you're not much of a match for any of the major beasts, so running and hiding are your primary tools for advancing through the levels.The audio is fantastic.  Weird synth music kicks in when beasts notice your presence, and it does a great job of increasing the tension you were already feeling.  Hiding behind a pillar or in a cabinet while you listen for the CLOMP, CLOMP of some hooves to recede is great.  I love being creeped out by things that simple, and it only works when it's done right.(minor spoilers below)My complaints about the game are primarily that it just feels unfinished - as if it were fast-forwarded through the playtesting phase.  There were several occasions where the terrifying beast I was avoiding was AI-ing itself in a corner somewhere, giving me free reign over the entire level.  There were also occasional clipping issues that forced me to restart levels.  The battleaxe seems overpowered, as the double-swipe basically allowed me to cheese my way through any beast in the labyrinth, short of the minotaur himself.  And the minotaur...was a huge disappointment. Visually, it was wonderful - especially the trippy red beams.  But he couldn't hit me.  I didn't notice this for a while since I was just fleeing maniacally whenever he spotted me, but I eventually confirmed that the dude just missed me every single time.  Turns out if an enemy can't hurt you, it decimates any fear you might have felt.  So that sucks."
,Not Recommended,252570,30108160,Posted: 22 February,all,blazegamma,"So I got this game on sale for like 0.89 cents... and even then I'm mildly regretting it.this game feels like something from the 1990'sThe exploration is bad, you can easily get stuck due to enemies blocking you, and the worst part is that you can barely see♥♥♥♥♥♥even with your torch out/on, which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥even because the first room, the satyr, spots you very easily with your torch on so you have to turn it off for to not be given away like immediately, and turning it off makes it very easy to run into enemy mobs, especially the wormy things, since they're crawling on the ground and are almost invisible without your torch on.The idea and premise of the game are cool, but the actual implementation and gameplay are♥♥♥♥♥♥ which makes me sad since this could have been something pretty damn cool."
,Recommended,252570,34241004,Posted: 14 August,all,CortonCharlemagne,I support every game that mention Ancient Greek Mythology !!!
76561198066313360,Recommended,252570,34891367,Posted: 11 September,all,Goblin Boy,Charming and fun even if the AI are pretty janky
