user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197993056878,Recommended,252550,12572446,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Turtman,"Brilliant game. It was the perfect difficulty and had and excellent pace. I couldn't stop playing it and didn't want it to end. This is one of the best puzze games I have ever played, it's right up there with Portal and Closure."
,Recommended,252550,14694040,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,rredar,"I am horrible at parkour. Unfortunately, this game has some, mixed in with the puzzles. After having to restart a level multiple times, I finally shut the game down. A few seconds later, I got the achievement ""Rage Quit - Well, that escalated quickly."" Of course, I had to go back in and finish the level.10/10 this game can read minds"
76561198112866114,Recommended,252550,16828453,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,kyzka,"This game is made by liquid flower who can be found herehttp://qbeh-1.com/. It seems to be their one and only game at the moment.I liken the experience of this game to going for a walk along the beach. Everytime i do i have to climb along all the rocks. Don't ask me why. I just do. It's not like i'm exploring new territory, or achieving parkor greatness, even though in my imagination I am. Eventually we play that game where you try and get your feet as close as possible to the waves of the sea without getting wet. Silly games, but they make the walk along the beach enjoyable.Qbeh-1 (pronounced cube negative one) is exactly like that, but in heaven. Why heaven has portal puzzles I'm not exactly sure? I guess it sure beats just playing the harp for eternity. Anyway as you go out and explore Minecraft heaven your imagination will start to tell you that you are achieving parkor greatness and thanks to the various magical cubes scattered around the place you probably are. On top of this you will eventually notice a game that the developers want you to play and that is don't touch the water (more about that later), but as you can see it's clearly the beach. Jump around the rocks and don't get your feet wet.Story? None. Zip. Completely void of story. Let me see. There are windmills and fans, and trees and fountains, and carpet and native american owl totems. We have no idea who you are other than the fact that you suddenly appear through a entry portal and your objective is to find the exit portal. Your journey is aided by various cubes which help you build, defy gravity, activate devices or simply tranport you. The game is divided up into 6 worlds, the 6th you will only unlock when you have found all the golden pyramids. There is 1 golden pyramid hidden in each level in which to find them you will basically need a phd in puzzle mechanics or at least a youtube walk through. Each world has 6 levels and the 6th level contains a unique portal cube which will transport you to the next world. Each world has a unique theme from summer, winter, autumn etc and sort of feels like its in homage to the old mario games. If you find all the pyramids including those in world 6, the secret ending hints that there are many more worlds to come. This could be true as the developers have been promising a level editor feature to the game, but alas they have been promising that for a while and since the developers hardly respond to any comments in the Steam forum anymore it stands to reason why many have become somewhat disheartened.Graphics are superb and the art and level design really makes this game for what it is. While the game doesn't ever reach levels of sheer brilliance, it does have the workings of becoming that if the developers really wanted it to. Personally I had some graphical issues with the trees in the game flickering black lines and there were a few places I found where I could trap myself in a block here and there or even make blocks disappear, but with these lingering teething issues aside, the graphics and game play in general was inspiring.The Music and Sound has its moments. All the tracks are fitting in some way, but some seemed slightly grating at times or not as relaxing as others did. There was one track in the game which was truly magical to listen to and would entice you to want to explore the place. The track i'm referencing is found in world 1 level 6 and interestingly is the same one they use in their preview for the game.While the ending feels somewhat lackluster and there is no story to be absorbed in here, and the level editor is somewhere in limbo, there is enough in interesting graphics and game play to give this a solid thumbs up. Various gamers have furthered amused themselves by entering a speedrun competition which you can only complete in if you download various speedrun mods. Again unfortunately another oversight of the developers not to include a timer in their game. Lastly it deserves a mention this 'don't get your feet wet achievement'. It seems to be only possible to achieve this if you complete the whole game in 1 sitting without touching the water, which basically requires you to never make a mistake. Needless to say with my two left feet and my absent minded ways coupled with my nervous twitching fingers, it's one I probably won't be getting in this lifetime.If your ever in need of a good jump around the rocks session. This is a good game to get.https://youtu.be/M17EMZY4MjM"
,Recommended,252550,11424731,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,aznstlth,"Play time ~29 hoursThis game is fantastic. Simple basic mechanics that are easy to learn in order to progress through the game, with then more powers unlocked later on and more obstacle types as well. The puzzles are hard enough to make you think but never too hard to ever stump you. The game may pose to be slightly repetitive after awhile though so I suggest playing with breaks in between. Still worth every penny though. I also love how there are secrets on each level that make you try to discover where they are - some are not trivial and you will just feel great finding them.The game looks fantastic, has great atmosphere (settings, sound, music, expansiveness), so not only does it test your mind but you also feel immersed in to the game.Also the game is family friendly - no violence what so ever. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,252550,12484745,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Leo9,"Absolutely fantastic game. Peaceful, maddening, gorgeous, thoughtful. The soundtrack alone is worth it - ambient and soothing, and constantly fits the world. Just wonderful.Devs, please make more games."
,Not Recommended,252550,32701188,Posted: 23 June,all,quaternary,"Very slow movement speed, ""puzzles"" based on parkour and dexterity rather than actual thinking (and no quicksaving, so if you fail you're set back about five minutes), and puzzles based on finding hidden objects rather than actual thinking.The game does a poor job at communicating the puzzles to players:* Very unclear connections, SO MANY ""mystery buttons"".* You can look on the ground (sometimes) for connections leading into devices, but they don't change color when the device is activated (like an antline in Portal), so it's hard to tell whether the button is actually pressed. They're also nearly the same color as the walls and floors anyways, so you really have to squint to follow them.* It doesn't help that the game intentionally hides buttons.* ...as well as the cubes you require to solve them. It's possible to look at a puzzle, find it to be impossible, but then look in a random crevice you didn't think to look into before and find like fifteen red cubes that would have trivialized the puzzle.* A number of puzzles have BLATANT unintended solutions.* A number of puzzles don't even use anywhere close to all the cubes.* Buttons look exactly the same as a completely different puzzle element (red cubes)* World 2 is very dark for no discernible reason. I could hardly see what I am supposed to do.* Because there's no quicksaving, few checkpoints, and very very long screen transitions (why?), it's really hard to justify experimentation in the puzzles.Breaks a number of like, Puzzle Design 101 things:* Red herrings.* Trapping situations.* Hiding stuff.* Execution-based puzzles.* Experimentation discouraged.* No difficulty curve - the harder levels are hard because they have more parkour and hidden objects, not more thinking.Took a look at the level editor.* It's a grid/voxel based game, but nothing snaps to the grid by default?* Doors have the complete wrong origin - if you use grid snap on them they either hover half a unit above the ground or sink half a unit below it.* Very hard to sketch out puzzles with the ease of something like Portal 2's Puzzlemaker. It takes forever to even get a room set up, never mind an actual puzzle. Controls are very clunky."
76561197983082568,Recommended,252550,13560118,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Blue64,"Qbeh-1. Score 9 / 10Qbeh-1 is a tough 3D Puzzle PlatformerCollect Blocks that you then use to Build Access and unlock the Next Part of each level.  Differently flavored Blocks have different Powers. Mix-match-pattern-repeat.[Secret] There are hidden areas ! [/secret]Move around this [Beautiful] floating 3D world and prepare to fall to your death while platforming. Most of the save points are reasonable... but when you intersprese platforming with puzzle elements sometimes I would quit when I fell too many times in a row. I got a Steam Achievement for this and it's called ""Rage Quit"". Self-explanatory No?I swear I had Angina.I enjoyed this game tremendously for over 10 hours.... and I will come back to this over the next year until I eventually finish it."
,Not Recommended,252550,15675888,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,YellowLab,"In this first person puzzle game, you find cubes that do different things to help you navigate the floating worlds. There are four different colors of cubes: red (structure - build structures), blue (energy - power doors and platforms), purple (gravity - decrease gravity), green (growth? - moving platforms). The cubes can only be attached to certain areas of the world (yellow anchor points).The gameplay isn't difficult, at least not initially. The first four worlds (there are six levels in each world) go by fairly quickly. The fifth world is a little more interesting as you have access to all the cubes and the designers mix up the puzzles appropriately. The sixth world, which feels like a bonus since it is accessed after the credits roll, is much more complex, yet still not difficult (in my opinon)However, the joy is spent trying to find the secrets. Every level has one, and finding where they are hidden is what (in my opinion) is the fun in the game. It can be frustrating to get a vantage point in a level and see the yellow pyramid way back in the level. You also learn to ""look"" at the architecture to determine where the ""best"" hiding places may be. In the initial levels the roof isn't very accessible, but the later levels - particularly world six - that accessibility restraint is still true but there may be one (maybe two ways) to get up there using the blocks you have or gathering some and backtracking.As I said, the game play isn't very difficult. It is a ""zen-like"" experience especially with the background music. The world is a lonely place, occupied by you alone. It does seem long for what it is and slightly underwhelming in retrospect.Difficult to recommend as there are other games that are more ""fun"" to play."
,Recommended,252550,10708037,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fherrera,"If this game was a potato, It would be a very beautiful potato."
,Recommended,252550,10133632,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Pan,"If you love puzzles, and need something relaxing and laid back to play, this is your perfect choice. The atmosphere and the music of Qbeh-1 makes you want to keep playing; I've just spent about 5 hours on it without realizing what time was it, it was that fun.Some puzzles can take several retries, but I never got stressed because of it, that's the magic of the music and the ambientation of the game; level design is simply amazing.The price is just right, I'm enjoying every cent of it.I'm glad Liquid Flower released this polished prequel of Qbeh, their college project, and I hope they keep bringing up more awesome games like this."
76561197997881705,Recommended,252550,10138760,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,=),"Probably one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played. Soundtrack fits pretty much perfectly with the world and its events. World looks mysterious and that leaves alot of space for speculations and theories. I really loved Portal & Portal 2, and this has some of the same aspects in the gameplay-wise, puzzles are getting progressively harder to solve, and you might even have to backtrack a bit in order to solve them, I played the original QBEH on desura, and I found it pretty enjoyable(for a student project). This although has some of the same levels, but enchanced, which makes it comfortable for me atleast. If you have played the original QBEH, and you are ready for another adventure with waAAaay more gameplay and tricks, you should definitely pick this up.I liked the climbing parts the most, maybe because I really like platformers alot. I know some people who can't stand platformers at all, but the game is reasonable fair and gives checkpoints in the beginning of a trickier platforming part, I found it really neat for myself even, since I happened to fall off a couple times in those parts. :CAnd the soundtrack was absolutely amazing aswell, I wouldn't have guessed that I would even pay attention to the soundtrack this much(I really don't pay attention to sounds that much in games), but this was pretty noticeable.Anyways, TL;DR:Very atmospherical game with a fitting soundtrack and clever puzzles, combined with fun and working game mechanics."
,Recommended,252550,15613777,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Monukai,"Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is a beautiful little atmospheric first person puzzle platformer. A good comparison game would be Q.U.B.E., both Qbeh-1 and Q.U.B.E. feature a very atmospheric world where the story is without narrative and open to interpretation. One of the most notable differences is that, unlike in QUBE which had some color puzzles and other such puzzles, Qbeh-1's puzzle mechanics, although varying, focus around different ways to move your character around a level. In this sense I found the game captured something of older platforming collect-a-thons, the levels themselves get rather large and many times you find yourself scaling a large tower...and add in the secret golden pyramid on each level and it really homes in on that collect-a-thon feel. This game also does a good job in encouraging you to explore, don't expect every piece of the puzzle to be out in the open for you to get your hands on, sometimes you need to look around and check the nooks and crannies to find what you need, something I wish other puzzle platformers did just a bit more.I really don't think there is much else to say, the gameplay is superb and the aesthetics really set a nice mood (the music is stellar!) I'm glad I bought this when I did and I'm glad I played it. I found the six hours playthrough to be satisfying, and despite having a huge backlog to get through, I am looking forward to continuing by finding the remaining golden pyramids and unlocking the bonus world. Highly recommend to puzzle platformer fans!"
,Recommended,252550,12531965,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Zincoshine,"Qbeh is another puzzle platformer that is remarkably similar to Q.U.B.E. Both have the same cuboid environment, and both are FPS puzzle games that feel a little unfinished at the time of their release. Qbeh should have some sort of story, at least a symbolic abstract one, to accompany the gameplay. At the moment we don't even know if the player is human or not since there are no viewmodels. For reasons I don't fully understand, this game has hooked me in a way that most of the stuff I have bought recently has failed to do so and I recommend it for all fans of portal or Q.U.B.E. You will not be dissapointed (as long as you don't alt tab)."
,Recommended,252550,10134437,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,serpentdav,"Qbeh-1 is a beautiful, peaceful and hauntingly still game with a feeling of ancient isolation that washes over you like an ocean breeze. No harm can come to you here, and there is no rush to make anything happen. It is all a matter of enjoying yourself. The worlds of Qbeh-1 are like Myst ages for the retired archaeologist, like the planet Risa for the weary dungeon puzzler, like Robinson Crusoe with none of the threats to survival. You begin to get the sense that this place has been lived in many times before, but that it still has secret knowledge to reveal. This game is an escape and a release from the stress of other times and places. I go here to breathe."
76561198205490249,Recommended,252550,18035823,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,TheLuckBooster,"Very fun game. Very realistic and almost similar to Minecraft.Easy to finish, hard to find tokens.Bought it when it was 0.99$. Extremely worth it.Played for 11 hours and still not completed the game. Too busy exploring the amazing world and finding tokens."
,Recommended,252550,10134102,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,KewaG,"Bought this at 25% off regular price but this is well worth the sticker price of $9.99. The visuals are stunning and the puzzles are easy enough to keep most people interested but not so easy that you feel cheated. Of course the puzzles do get progressively more difficult but theres something satisfying about finally finding the solution.There doesn't really seem to be any kind of storyline or supporting characters so if thats what your seeking look elsewhere. However, with the tranquille almost trancelike quality of the sound track, you'll quickly forget about storylines.NOTE:I have not completed the game yet so if there is a storyline I appologise in advance to the devs and anyone reading this review.If you like first person puzzle games and don't mind a slower pace or lack of supporting characters/storyline then this is a great buy for you. I do think it could do with a world builder and maybe some kind of stat/ranking system but other than that I really like this game and recommend you play it."
,Recommended,252550,12583017,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,nuva_lewa,It is the perfect combination of puzzle and exploration. the perfect combination of portal and minecraft. nice graphics and soundtrack.
,Recommended,252550,17605636,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Đominus Aventiūs,"10/10, one of my favorite gamesQbeh-1 is amzing. The developers sucessfully created an amazingly original premise for this puzzle game. You are provided with a total of 36 beautiful levels. If you find yourself hungry for more by the end, you can browse the workshop and download community made levels. There are 6 unique worlds with different atmospheres and coloring styles.You progress through each level by using the cubes scattered across the map. There are quite a few different types of cubes, each providing a specific function; anti-gravity, power, transportation, basic, etc.What really sells this game on me though is the beauty of each level. To be concise, the maps look like minecraft with shaders, without any lag.I definately recommend this game, although be sure to watch the videos and take a look at the screenshots to see for yourself.The ending on 5-6 is amazing"
,Recommended,252550,11737389,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"QBEH-1: The Atlas Cube is a first person puzzle platformer that takes you on a quest through a variety of divergent worlds, each filled with new mysteries and secrets to uncover.The basics behind the game are simple, tasking players with collecting cubes that can be used to build steps and platforms to reach a portal to the next level. There are a limited number of cubes in each level, and they can only be placed upon glowing segments of wall and floor tiles, making Qbeh-1 a challenging game that requires the player to think about their next steps and anticipate the eventual consequences.The music is soothing and pleasant.The graphics looks good so far, with vast blocky levels that stretch to the horizon, inventive level design and some great texture work that makes it easy to spot interactive elements and collectable objects.Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is an interesting little block puzzle game which you should try out if you like first person puzzle games.Sounds 8/10Graphics 6/10Gameplay 7/10Atmosphere 8/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Recommended,252550,23684830,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,NoscopeKungen hellcase.com,"This game is one of the best games that I have ever played, even tho I don't like that much of puzzle games, this games peacefull levels and music is just amazingly good! you should definetly play this game!"
,Recommended,252550,10151330,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Japezz,"Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is an adventure that will relax your mind and has some food for thought at the same time. Briefly, this game is incredibly beautiful and astonishing with its music, landscape and puzzles. Well-hidden secrets will provide few more extra hours if you're an ""Achievement Hunter"" as I would say. Qbeh might not be everyone's cup of tea but certainly worth testing out."
,Recommended,252550,12887645,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,djahimsa,"Awesome first game for anyone who just got their Oculus. Very gripping gameplay. Its amazing something that would be so simple on a regular screen becomes quite challenging in VR. Some bits will drive you crazy as you will die often and have to start from the beginning, but these are good learning tools and eventually you will get it. jumping is a little unpredictable. Some You really have to guess your way through a level but i like that they dont prompt you. Its peaceful in there."
,Recommended,252550,10258096,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Metranu,"This is literally one of the most amazing puzzle games ever!! The artwork is fabulous, the soundtrack is flawless, and the gameplay is smooth and super easy.All in all, I would give this game 9 out of 10 stars. Just an overall super fun game."
,Recommended,252550,10489524,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,dilda,"Great game really enjoyed playing it.Apparently I missed credits at the end, they told me that they will be fixing it soon which is awesome to here! The developers are reaching out to the community, asking questions and reviewing gameplay on youtube. This is really awesome stuff to hear hope they keep up the awesome work.Nice, Clear, Beautiful Puzzle Game. Gameplay was solid and so were the puzzles. Story was a mistery the whole way through but the art style and the gameplay made up for that! I give this game a ""Yes"" for anyone looking for a single player adventure!Thanks Liquid Flower! Awesome puzzle game!"
,Recommended,252550,29177274,Posted: 10 January,all,浅蓝∞折纸,"I am Chinese,but I want to write this with English.Before I buy this game,I played the cracked versions,it's very wonderful game.I enjoyed myself as if I was playing parkour in Minecraft.Compared with Minecraft,although QBEH-1 doesn't feel very free when playing,its shader was made very well.The pyramid is very difficult to find in some levels,but I find ALL.The feeling is very good!When I feel down,play QBEH-1  can cheer me up!I really love this game!May more and more people play this game!"
,Recommended,252550,10235245,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Green Finn,"Qbeh-1 is a good platformer. It's not bad, it's not terrible and it's certainly not amazing or astounding. It's just plain good and if you ask me - which you should since you're reading this - is something rather rare these days.People always want to make the next best blockbuster that blows everyone's minds and generates billions of dollars and whatnot. Which, granted, is fine, I get that...but Qbeh feels a lot more humble and I like that. The atmosphere is created through level and audio design combined with a good colour palette, resulting in a solid foundation for a game.It's serene and calm in the strange world of Qbeh. The slow and relaxed melodies combined with desolate but beautiful visuals gives a nice, pacifying feeling to the player. Playing this game relieves stress, well, personally speaking anyway, and I find that to a really nice and rare quality.I highly recommend it. Not because of any action - there is none to be found. Not because of any electric guitar shredding - you're in the wrong neighborhood for that. Qbeh is a game of peace, exploration and a little brain work. When you're bored of blowing everybody up with explosives, riddling them with a hail of bullets or slashing zombies to bits, play this. It helps."
,Recommended,252550,12513195,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,audrazombie,"Definitely worth buying. I told myself I would only play for a few minutes, looked at the clock, and over an hour had gone by. If you like puzzle games, this game is for you. Not to mention it's beautiful."
,Recommended,252550,14641007,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Pixelated,"the backgrounds are beautiful, the soundtrack is captivating and the gameplay hooks you. if you liked portal two, or just enjoy wonderful puzzle games, GET THIS NOW"
,Not Recommended,252550,22822257,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cyril,"I'm only two worlds into the game but, well, there's already a laundry list of problems.First off, the game is barely a puzzle game. It tries to act like one, but a lot of the game is jumping, and a lot of the jumps are kind of terrifying, since you can barely make them, and a good number of them are over death pits where falling means back to the last checkpoint.That's the thing, what's up with the checkpointing? Why are there so few per level, why are they so far apart? It really makes no sense. You end up having to redo a lot of stuff if you die between checkpoints, and it's just... really tedious. Really unfun.The game also seems to want to make you explore to find secrets, but also punishes you for exploring by killing you a lot if you try to explore? It doesn't work out.The puzzle design itself feels really clunky; I'm rarely sure whether or not what I did was the intended solution or not because it feels so janky and off. Sometimes I feel like I'm breaking a puzzle and I actually am, other times I do a similar type of puzzle-breaking that turns out to be the right solution? It's so confusing.The game also has a major oversight where it tries to make you lose cubes by having indentations where you have to put a cube in, but a lot of the time you can stand on the ledge above it, go just far enough out, and grab the cube from inside the indentation, thus generally giving you an extra cube to work with. And I doubt this was intended, but, hey, it works.There was one puzzle where the solution was literally just a hidden passage that let you skip a door that would otherwise require a blue key block to open. So that's... something.Also, there's fall damage for some arbitrary reason. Another one of those anti-exploring things as it's never been relevant in a puzzle yet.The basic mechanic of this game, even, is just... kind of dumb. There's an arbitrary limit on how far away you can grab stuff, where it's too far to be ""realistic"" but too close to be ""useful"". It feels like an arbitrary limitation that only exists to make puzzles more tedious.Another arbitrary mechanic. It's really picky about where you can put blocks. You can't stack blocks down, at all, unless you have a deep enough angle under the blocks. Not just ""a bit below"" but ""standing under"". So sometimes you'll end up needing to stop what you're doing, go back down and put a block under another block, then come back up to continue onward, because of this completely pointless limitation.You also can't place blocks in a bridge in front of you, so yep, go back down, walk to the other side, stretch the bridge out... doesn't this sound tedious as heck? Believe me, it is.And even then... the game runs out of interesting things to do with its basic block building mechanic about one world in. Yet still continues to reuse the same slow building puzzles over and over, for... some reason or other, I really don't know.This is just two worlds' worth of experience and I highly doubt it's going to get better but I'm inevitably going to end up playing more so I'll update this later... I just, already had a lot I wanted to say and definitely wouldn't recommend this game based off what I've played. There's starting out on the wrong foot, and then there's not having a right foot to start with, period, and this game... seems to be the latter.World 3 update: The game introduces a low-gravity hi jump mechanic... that's horribly inconsistent and I can't figure out why jump height varies so much. Getting stuck on ledges also becomes a thing. The rest of the game is pretty much the same tedious schlock. I'm not sure I can keep playing much further, honestly, this game is just a special kind of unpleasant."
76561198206803807,Recommended,252550,17467443,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,{brown}Randy's Pudge,"First off, i didnt think this would be a good game, but my friend kept badgering my to buy it now because it was on sale. I gave in, bought it, installed it and started it up, it was so good! The graphics are so great! The gameplay is so great! Everything is so great! I was an hour into it and i said ""Brady, I love this game."" Iwould highly recommend it for someone who likes parcour and trying new game genre's."
,Recommended,252550,16154268,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ａｒｃｈｉ,"Buy this during a steam sale, great puzzle platformer."
76561197969417125,Recommended,252550,24921830,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Qbeh is a first person puzzle game where the player must progress through a series of temple style structures that are built out of cubes, and are floating amongst the clouds. I really enjoyed playing Qbeh. Its a shame that it didn't get a lot of media attention, and consequently I guess not many people have played it, because I think its much better than certain other games that gained a lot more hype *cough*thewitness*cough*.The main objective of each level is simply to enter the portal to travel to the next level. The problem is, each level is filled with ledges that are too high to climb, and gaps in the floor that are too long to jump across. Fortunately, scattered around each level are coloured blocks that you can collect and place in specific locations to help you reach your goal. Each type of block is useful in different ways. Red blocks just exist to stand on, blues can unlock doors and power moving platforms, purples create a field of low gravity and greens can move either horizontally or vertically but disappear after a few seconds.The level design is really intelligent, especially later in the game, when you're using multiple different blocks together, and you encounter additional hazards, such as fans that can push you off a ledge, and a black ooze covering the walls and floor that kills you instantly if you touch it. Many areas feel like they've got multiple solutions. Every level also has a glowing prism hidden away in a secret location. Finding these usually requires thorough exploration, and creative block usage. But they also give you that really satisfying ""I am the smartest person in the world"" feeling.I've finished all the main levels and found half the secrets, in just under 9 hours. There are a few more bonus levels but they're unlocked by finding all the secrets, which is something that only the most dedicated players will do. I didn't encounter any bugs or crashes and the controls are fully rebindable. I also have to say the music is great, and it creates a relaxing, chilled out mood.The only real negative I can mention is the lack of a story tying all the levels together. It kind of feels like we're exploring the ruins of a dead civilisation, so it would have been cool to know more.If you enjoy first person puzzle games such as Portal, Talos Principle or Qube, I highly recommend Qbeh. I'd say its worth a full price purchase, but at least give it a try on a sale."
76561198044953223,Recommended,252550,18079315,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Axolian,"With the level editor FINALLY being implemented after so long, I can definitely recommend this game.Even with the base content, it's definitely worth the $9.99 USD price tag. There are a total of 36 levels spread out around 6 'worlds', each with their own theme such as spring, winter, fall, summer, etc. Each level has a secret, which is a golden triangle, and if you manage to find all of them in worlds 1-5, world 6 will then unlock. In addition, there are a few extra secrets for achievements as well.The gameplay is typical of puzzlers, starting out easy and getting progressively harder. However, it is also VERY fun, with four (technically five, but the fifth is a portal key to unlock the next world only found in the last level for each world) block types. The red cube, which is a structure block. The blue cube, which is a power block. The purple cube, which is a cube that reduces gravity in a certain range. And the green cube, which is a motor device that deteriorates after a certain distance. Typically, each world introduces a new block type, making the levels and designs more and more complex and challenging. Expect to fall out of the world to your death many times, this can be a very challenging puzzler.The sounds and music are also superb. Each level has its own special music track, each as equally entrancing as the last. The musical score for this game is honestly amazing, and they also have the soundtrack available for purchase, which I will provide the link to(https://launchablesocks.bandcamp.com/album/qbeh-1-ost).I can't leave out the graphics. For as simple as this game is, the visuals are honestly breathtaking. Lighting and shadowing are definitely the biggest strong points of this game graphically, and they never disappoint. Everything from the soft lighting on the blocks, the varying skyboxes, the flowing trees, and the glistening water all look the very best. If you're a sucker for that kind of thing, you might find yourself like I was, anticipating the next levels to see what lighting and graphics tricks they would apply next.The only thing that's really any kind of drawback is the lack of a story whatsoever. There isn't necessarily an obvious point to the puzzling madness, but imo it's nothing major. It isn't what the selling point is anyway in any case.Amazing game, definitely a must-buy for puzzle fans, particularly if it's ever on sale, and I'm very excited to play and build community levels."
76561197990990803,Recommended,252550,10121239,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Mika Lammi,"Amazing stuff, a very clever hybrid of my favorite genres. Well worth the time and effort!"
,Recommended,252550,10247666,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Inskip,10/1010/10hundred out of a hundredbest gamebest gamegame of the year
,Recommended,252550,10608290,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sadistic_Dentist,"I've got to say, I rarely write reviews for anything, but I think that in this case, I just have to. So let's get started!A quick introQbeh-1 is a prequel to game Qbeh (which you can download via Desura). Qbeh was a student project, practically a demo containing 6 levels. This '-1' (minus one) standing next to Qbeh tells that this is a prequel. So, getting back to Qbeh-1: This is afirst person perspective non-violent exploration puzzle platformer game.You will meet several game genres here.What you can expectThe game contains 5 (or maybe 6? I won't spoil it) worlds, each with 6 levels.It's an exploration game, so you will not be told practically anything except key bindings (in options).a) Your goalYour goal is simple: find the portal to the next level. Simple but difficult.b) EnvironmentAs you probably saw in the trailers, Qbeh-1 is inspired by Minecraft -almost everything is made of cubes.In every level, you will be placed in... well, locations floating somewhere high in the sky. The sky is above you and below you. On your way, you will encounter several kinds of cubes you can pick up, each one with a unique ability.c) No violenceFor some it's an advantage, for some it's a disadvantage. The only dangers you face is falling, being crushed by a door and touching poison.d) SoundtrackSoundtrack of Qbeh-1 is what makes the game incredible. It's ambient, atmospheric, soothing, relaxing... Each level has different soundtrack, and every song creates a different climate. You will definetly like it.e) PaceThe game is rather slow-paced, but if you don't like it, in one of the worlds you will encounter fans, transporting you at high speeds.f) GameplayI forgot to mention about this at the beginning of my review, sorry ;)As I said before, you can pick up special cubes (several kinds) you can then place on special surfaces or other cubes. The game gives you the freedom of building, so there are always several ways to solve each puzzle. On each level, you can also find a Secret Token, and if you collect them all, you will unlock something special.OverallQbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is a relaxing game, you can have a break from reality. You will have to jump, think, explore and have good eyesight.It's now on sale, so I fully recommend you to buy it.Buy, and you will not regret.Thank you for reading :)"
,Recommended,252550,10667143,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ばななV3,It's a really super interesting Platformer-puzzle game.Stunning graphics I would say and the music is just so relaxing!The puzzle system is really unique. It's worth your time and money.
76561198060044254,Recommended,252550,11986870,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,chriswhite56,Beutiful graphics; great soundtrack; interesting puzzles; you don't have to kill anything or be killed by anything.
76561198184541762,Recommended,252550,16126899,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rando Butternuts,"This game is like the love child of either one of the Portal games and any 3-D platformer, and it is fantastic! The soundtrack for the game is amazing and each level has its own song that makes it unique.  Keep in mind that this game is not meant for those who want something to completely penetrate their mind and make their heads bleed from various places.  The puzzles in this game are very casual and are meant to be played a little at a time, take it slow and enjoy each level for its music and its individual challenge.This game deserves a solid 10/10 because it is truly great!"
76561198068635893,Recommended,252550,13073435,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,djodono,This is an excellent game. It looks fantastic; the levels reward exploration and there are plenty of good puzzles.The best levels are great. Sometimes a level feels a little contrived rather than having a smooth organic feel to play through - they are still a lot of fun and I think this can be forgiven in an indie developer who is learning their trade.Overall - I'd definitely recommend the game :)
,Recommended,252550,12500216,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Delphy-chan,"when beautiful game design, wonderful sound effects and nice puzzles are combined this game is the creation"
76561197970443860,Recommended,252550,10985859,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Glock Ranger,"This game is a treasure. Call it puzzle, call it explore.. it makes you feel like being placed in a mysterious yet beautiful and intriguing world. It is so simple but facinating. The soundtrack is soothing, calming, sometimes strange.. it creates the mood of the world you find yourself in. Check it out for free!http://launchablesocks.bandcamp.com/album/you-and-the-viewI had no technical issues, neither can I complain about the game being unfair or too hard. It just right for some relaxing late night gaming hours.Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 8/10Sound: 10/1030th of June: 51 positive reviews and 1 negative. Your call."
76561197970413775,Recommended,252550,17642374,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,RaZoRBlaDe,"Peaceful and relaxing puzzle platformer. Simple cube mechanics which makes the game not too difficult. If you need an extra challenge, find the hidden golden pyramids in each level to unlock 6 additional levels (World 6). Nice atmospheric environments with good ambient music."
,Recommended,252550,19731957,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Reggie,"This is an interesting game, the levels have a decent amount of replay value especially if you are someone that likes to 100% games, the level editor is quite fun but can be difficult to use. The community does not have many level at the moment so you can get all to many new maps after you have finished the main game.I would definitely recommend this game, it's got clever puzzles that are not all to difficult at the beginning but begin to become increasingly difficult.Overall this game is definitely worth a purchase if you like puzzle games but if you don't i would recommend getting it from a sale."
76561198058853332,Recommended,252550,30657122,Posted: 21 March,all,Brother_Webb,"Loved all of it. A simply great game deserves a simple glowing review. If you enjoy casual puzzlers with immersive ambiance, every level of this game is worth your time. I'm looking forward to playing some community levels. Maybe I'll contribute..."
,Recommended,252550,28921777,Posted: 1 January,all,DeathWish808,"I found it to be fun overall, but a little monotonous at times. Most puzzles have multiple ways of doing them, so it's sort of up to your imagination and creativity, which I like.The difficulty scales fairly well and never gets too hard.My biggest complaint about this game is not being able to save where you want because the save spots are horrible for the most part. Also, there are puzzles that you don't know what to do until you get there and then you have to start over, etc until you get to the end.... mainly one in particular in the last cube world. Trial and error should not be part of a puzzle. Granted, some would argue that you could do it first time, but you have to be quick and accurate that first time through.Anyway, it's no award winning game, but is worth it on sale."
,Recommended,252550,10144993,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dragoncaker,"Oh my God... this game? Amazing. Totally worth the $10. Essentially, when you're faced with a difficult puzzle, you do somthing and it's so out there that you think you just found a game glitch... but then you go a bit further and realise that that was exactly what you were supposed to do. This can include anything from snagging a cube at the right moment, to parkouring around a difficult-looking puzzle.Now to the graphics. This game is absolutely beautiful. Sure, it looks a bit like Minecraft, and I keep thinking that right click is place, etc. but seriously, the graphics and textures are just amazing. And the background/sky? Absolutely beautiful. Serene. I can sit and without hardly using my imagination, invision some ancient cloud-people living in the sky in these levels. Also, the ambiant sound and lighting is amazing. They sort of give it that ruin-esque dungeoneering feel, while at the same time you know it's just a puzzle game.Now for some doge: Wow. Much parkour. Very jump. Block. Wow.(The only problem that I have, is sometimes I'm right next to a checkpoint and I fall off the edge, and rage for a minute and get right back to where I was.)11/10.Thanks for reading.P.S.: Get this game if you are thinking about it and like puzzle games.P.P.S: If you don't like puzzle games, stop looking at puzzle games."
,Recommended,252550,10153334,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,mrblizzarder,"Stunning visuals, beautiful atmosphere, relaxing music, gorgeous world & challenge level. looks like minecraft, but this is completely different games.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyIYZ1lpd0Q&list=UUjLty5-4xTFtGlx0vlD_SFw"
,Recommended,252550,10306265,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Breadcrumbs,The level names in this game are great if you're trying to find a name for your new pretentious band's new album.
,Recommended,252550,10306219,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,That One Gamer Guy,"A mind- testing game, for anyone to play and figure things out. It's fun, testable, and has a real-life feel to the game then others. Recommendation, to everyone with a mind."
,Recommended,252550,10326078,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Hutchy,"I have been waiting for the release of this game after playing the original Qbeh game made by Liquid Flower. I must say, I truly cant critisize the game, its amazing! The level design and sounds are incredible. Definately worth my £7 :) Hats off to Toni Räsänen, Jussi Tuomi, Mika Karkinen and Joost Kraaijenbrink for making the game! If you want to watch a gameplay of this, or your stuck on a level, then watch my playthrough of this to help :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0w94T8MmAaU&list=UUCLC8anhtF1W2YUp5WWBGZQ"
,Recommended,252550,10249672,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,~Fujoshi-chan~,"Upon writing this review, I've only been playing the game for about an hour - already, I simply adore it. The incredible serenity of the game is enough to make me feel entirely content just walking around and experiencing the beautifully calming atmosphere and music - and if there're two things I absolutely love in games like this, it's well-established atmosphere and music.The texturing in Qbeh-1 is really lovely too. I'm genuinely impressed with the simplicity of the surroundings, yet also with how intriguing and gorgeous they are. One thing I would especially love to mention is the wonderful view you receive from these mysterious skybound islands when you look out off a clear edge and observe the skyline, clouds, and seemingly distant world below. On top of that, the gameplay is absolutely lovely, and the controls are solid and pleasant to use. I recommend this game to anyone who digs Indie titles with serene atmospheres, beautiful soundtracks, and peaceful - yet relatively simplistic - puzzles.... Did I mention that the music is absolutely gorgeous?~"
,Recommended,252550,10251818,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Slowhand,"I love this game. The setting is beautiful, the music is serene, and the puzzles are very entertaining. It is perfect for both short bursts or extended playing.Even in the short amount of time I've spent with it so far the puzzles have been getting increasingly more engaging and I love being able to find the hidden pyramid in each stage (I feel so clever when I do).5/5"
,Recommended,252550,10281821,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,zeronics,For only 10$ there really isnt any reason not to get it. Especially if you like puzzle games.
,Recommended,252550,10420460,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,goodwithcomputr,"The experience, though obviously inspired by other first-person puzzle games, feels entirely new. It does the impossible: marrying relaxation with puzzles, without making those puzzles childishly simple.Though the game relies on a relatively small pallet of environmental and graphical elements, it introduces them gradually enough that it continuously warrants (and rewards) those who like to explore, and especially those whose curiosity takes them outside the boundaries of the ""normal"" level path. Qbeh-1's difficulty ramps up considerably should you choose to search for its secrets. Though they're not essential, they do unlock extra levels, and the complex puzzles you must solve in order to find these secrets make them a reward in and of themselves. With or without the secrets, however, the difficulty level will increase as you reach the middle and end of the game; you are eased gently into this world, without feeling as though you're drudging through a tutorial. Once you learn the basics and begin craving more exploration, new elements (like gravity-defying jumps!) make your progress worthwhile and your journey fulfilling.As in Antichamber, Perspective, The Bridge, and other great puzzle titles, the narrative is merely implied, and never treated to full exposition. I happen to love ambiguous stories, and if you feel the same way you'll find it very rewarding to piece the game's limited number of clues together.Qbeh-1 is beautiful, therapeutic, and fun.4.5/5"
,Recommended,252550,10429539,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Rias Gremory,it is great casual puzzle game. The graphics and music is really calming. If anyone likes casual puzzle game this game is for you.I enjoyed playing day by day to calm myself. If you are stuck go to youtube and find the Qbeh-1 The Atlas Cube videos.
,Recommended,252550,11945879,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,16:14 Eeeeaaassyyy game,"I downloaded the demo and was postive surprised about this game. It´s one of my favourite games on steam because its atmosphere is fantastic and the graphic are minimalistic but beatiful. The puzzles are sometimes challenging but mostly good to slove. A few jump passages can be a little nerve-racking. I can say that this game is freakin' awesome in my opinion.Leveleditor-update: I am very disapointed of the editor because my Level had a production time of about a week. The editor doesnt let me publish it. It only says: ""k_EResultFileNotFound"". Not very satisfying. :("
,Recommended,252550,12036800,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ryd_darder,"I fully recommend Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube - it's been a long time since I've been that obsessed with carrying on in a game.""First person 3D platform discovery puzzler"" is how I'd sum up the game category. As such, the game is to some extent comparable to Antichamber and Portal, both of which I have been playing in recent months. There is even a reference to Portal hidden in one of the Qbeh-1 levels.Despite Portal and Antichamber having more innovative game principles, of the three I enjoyed Qbeh-1 most.As I see it, the beauty of Qbeh-1 stems from the level design, the atmosphere and ambience. It has the feel of discovering abandoned places of ancient cultures, with some left-over machinery such as doors to be opened with switch mechanisms, cube elevators and fans (ventilators). The background music perfectly enhances the visual impressions and the ""exploration"" feeling. It will change at some points within levels, for example upon entering impressive, awe-inspiring halls.Qbeh-1 is linear in the sense that there is one level after another, each a place of its own, with its own theme, and separate from other levels.What may seem odd at first, but really adds a lot to the atmosphere, is the fact that each individual level is located mid-air, sort of ""in the clouds"". You will often find yourself balancing on the brink of ""abyss"", and falling down is the main danger to be faced in many levels of the game. Due to cleverly placed checkpoints the game never feels frustrating. Many of the places feel like ruins, some of them crumbling under your feet.Discovery is one of the main joys in the game: There are several surprises to be found within the levels, and finding special items hidden within the levels is part of what's needed to beat the game. So looking around closely to find non-obvious paths to progress on is essential in Qbeh-1. Often you'll find yourself ""outdoors"", or peeking outside hallways and halls, getting the tease of seeing parts of levels you want to progress to, and not knowing yet how to get there.Your basic interaction with the world around you consists of running around and jumping, similar to most first person 3D games. Most other interactions are done by collecting cubes - there are different types scattered in the levels - and applying them in certain locations within the levels, sometimes to activate switches, sometimes to build bridges or to provide other means of getting to some place that would be unreachable without cubes. These ""cube application puzzles"" will rarely be intellectual challenges to spend hours on. However, there are often different ways of applying the cubes - it is a creative task with non-obvious solutions and surprising new paths.Usually you have all the time in the world within the levels. There are only a few locations and challenges within the levels, such as elevator cubes and fans, where accurately timed jumps and cube placings are essential.It feels really rewarding to reach parts of levels previously unreachable, often seeing levels from completely new angles, and often climbing incredible heights - face your vertigo!"
,Recommended,252550,16758632,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,fr0st,"First person puzzler that reminds me of Portal. Use different types of blocks in innovative ways to create a path to the end of each puzzle. The music really compliments the gameplay, making the whole thing a fun, relaxing and immersive experience. If you enjoy games like Myst or Portal, I'd highly recommend giving Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube a try."
76561198134223364,Recommended,252550,17582214,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Th4yl0g,If you enjoy the FPS puzzler genera? If yes then I will cut to the chase. Buy this game. It’s worth every penny. I got it on sale and I feel like I stole it. I would of loved for it to have been a bit longer.  If you don’t like the FPS puzzler genera. Then go eat a bag of D’s this game is awesome. It’s a solid 8/10
76561198212592704,Recommended,252550,17632951,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BPC Gaming,"This game is awesome, i beat to 100% and i still play it!"
,Recommended,252550,11083465,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,MadRat1171,"This game is awersome !!! Hard puzzles, beautiful environments and enjoyable soundtrack ! I recommend !!!"
,Recommended,252550,13116221,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,erradical,"Hop around on cubes up in the sky and in mysterious rooms, solve puzzles at your own pace in indoor and outdoor environments, with daytime and nighttime lighting."
,Recommended,252550,11088102,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"Qbeh-1 I have to say is wonderful. I am having such a relaxing time playing and exploring. Playing in the sky makes my tummy turn when I am jumping around. I feel like I am really there. The graphics are so pretty. The music is fitting. The sounds are well suited. The colours are perfect! I can't pick any fault in this game. 10/10 If only I didn't have to go to sleep now I would still be playing. When I went to quite the game asks, ""Do you want to quite Qbeh-1?"" , "" Yes or No"" I was like ""NO! No and I want to play more.""I think my box packing, as I am shifting house, will be a little rushed tomorrow because I am playing this when I wake up. On the other hand I may not sleep in so I can play this some more.BRAVO for a fantastic game."
,Recommended,252550,14320215,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"Wow, just wow. Let’s get started.I – Story [10/10]Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is a first-person puzzle platformer from Liquid Flower. There is no real story in this game, nothing. Somehow though, you feel compelled to keep going, as if you just know there’s something greater going on behind the scenes. It’s a difficult thing to explain to someone who hasn’t experienced it first hand. The atmosphere is just amazing. I’ve never seen a game do something like this with so little. You really have to play it to understand what I’m saying.II – UI [10/10]The user interface is incredibly simple. Menus are bare-bones and well done. The HUD is very minimal to allow for a more complete sense of immersion. By way of HUD, you have a small dot reticle and some fading tabs that show you how many of each type of cube you currently have. Most of the time, you won’t even notice that it’s there.III – Gameplay [9/10]Playing Q1:TAC is an amazingly relaxing experience. Going into it, I had no idea what to expect beyond I was going to be solving puzzles. It’s so much more than that though in it’s entirety. The gameplay itself is as basic as can be. You can move around, move around slower, you can look at things, you can jump, and you can collect and place cubes in certain areas of the world. That’s all there is to it.The puzzles are brilliant. There was a never a puzzle that I encountered that seemed impossibly hard. Some required more though and experimentation than others, but I was never overly frustrated by something. The only real problem that I had with Q1:TAC was the sparsely placed (and sometimes not very helpful) checkpoint locations. It didn’t detract from the game in the least, but it made things a bit tedious at times if mistakes were made.IV – Content [9/10]Rarely have I ever played a game with such a small amount of content that felt so very full. There are five types of cubes you can pick up and use in total and that’s it. (There are some secrets that you can find by exploring the levels, but you can’t do anything with those after you find them.) I would have liked to have seen a few more types of cubes, but it’s no big deal.V – Visual [10/10]Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is a beautiful game. Merely rushing through it, trying to complete it as fast as possible is a disservice to yourself. Take the time to wander and enjoy all the beauty that the world of Q1:TAC has to offer. The environment is absolutely stunning (especially when it is coupled with the superb soundtrack).VI – Audio [10/10]If you ever play a game that has a soundtrack that syncs up with it more perfectly than Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube I demand that you notify me immediately. The music was, without a doubt, the best part of the entire game. You may have come here to solve puzzles and not to feel, but I will be damned if you make it out of this game without getting on the feels train at least once. Bravo to Launchable Socks to one of the best soundtracks I’ve ever heard (or felt) in a game.VII – Overall [9.7/10]Overall, Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube is more of a blissful, reflective experience than a game, and it is sheer brilliance. If you’re a fan of Portal, you’ll be into this. On sale or not, this one is worth every penny."
,Recommended,252550,16739573,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Happy Blackman,"This game has everything: Awesome atmosphere, parkour training, glowing blocks, portals, trees. What better game is there?"
,Recommended,252550,24698091,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Psyjinx,"Simplistic First Person platforming puzzle game.I bought this game on a whim, and I have no regrets.If you're interested in games like Portal or Trine, this game is for you.You'll be able to adapt to every situation after a quick analysis of what's laid out on the table.Puzzles do not jump quickly in difficulty, they scale extremely well as you progress.The game presents a very calming atmosphere that will keep your mind at ease as you build your path to success.If you're feeling up for a challenge, there are hidden pyramids in each level that will give completionists a very satisfying feeling.After completing the game, feel free to take a look at the Steam Workshop, as it has quite the active community.Please give this beautiful game your time."
,Recommended,252550,22832740,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a First person Puzzle game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to make your own level.You are able to make multiple profiles for more then 1 user.There are many resolution sizes.You are able to play this game in fullscreen or windowed mode.You are able to change the quality between Low and Very High.You can change the volume of the Master Volume with a slidebar ( It shows the % )You can change the volume of the Music Volume with a slidebar (it shows the %)There is a sensitivty slidebarYou are able to use a Xbox controller.About the game.You are on a level trying to find ""Red"" Cubes in order to make a safe passage and reach the exit. You are able to place them in top of each other or on the Dark yellow blocks. You do need to take those blocks with you in order to complete the level. There are some checkpoints, so if you do die by falling off you are able to respawn here. However the checkpoint will only safe the progress that u have done already, Not after the checkpoint. What i do not understand is that you can't place those blocks below you. There has to be one cube connected to the Dark yellow block in order to make a Passage and you can't cut this away or else all blocks will transfer back into your pocket.You are able to kill yourself by pressing a button and then hold that button.You can't crouch but you can jump. Game REQUIRES alot of Jumping.Puzzles are not too easy.There is no Music in this game but there is a nice calming background soundtrack.The game is very Athmospheric and it looks very good.Graphics are good.You are able to change your controls on the keyboard and xbox controller.Other things.There are Collectables, but they are not really fun to collect. The level on level selection will show Yellow, Once you have found them all in the level.Running doesn't feel like Running.The puzzles requires some thinking and if you can't do that, then im afraid the game isn't for you.Best way to hear those collectables is turning off the music. The collectables are making some noise when you are near them.You will lose the collectable if you have died and didnt found a checkpoint. So in order to keep it, you need to find a checkpoint so you can save that current progress.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,252550,10206280,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Eluminite,"Definitely my kinda game. I think it's completely worth buying, but then again I will literally buy anything that calls itself a first-person puzzle platformer."
,Recommended,252550,10236676,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,travel size,"So much cursing and rage quitting, but also never made happier by cubes before in my life. Really mind-bending, and beautiful atmosphere and environment.The parallels with Portal are obvious, but Qbeh holds its own as a very satisfying, really challenging puzzle game."
76561198033721925,Recommended,252550,10361012,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Rowsdower,"A nice relaxing puzzle game, that can be head sctracthing at times. Doesn't look bad either."
,Recommended,252550,10429769,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,James Dean,so smooth and beautiful.perfect game!
,Recommended,252550,10619050,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yashabo,"Very cool Puzzle/Platformer. The visuals are great , the puzzles so far are not too hard but not too easy either. There is a secret item in every level that makes you explore and solve more puzzles. If you like Puzzle games this is a good pick up."
76561198060067155,Recommended,252550,10627291,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Duskfire,"Highly recommend this intuitive platform-puzzler with a great variety in difficulty. Relaxing and stimulating soundtrack coupled with beautiful graphics. Has a linear solution, but is open for some creative platforming which makes it even more fun to try out each course again. Very few bugs and glitches makes this a well polished game, despite it's rather fresh state.If you are a fan of 3D platformers or puzzle games where you have to check your surroundings carefully, check this game out!"
76561198041972985,Recommended,252550,11060921,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,foxclear,"Like exploration ? like puzzles ? like platforms ?Well, then, trust me, you'll enjoy this game.The environment is beautiful, the music is remaxing, the controls are very good.Once we've said that, we already know we have a good game. Now, let's focus on contents.Each world (there are five, containing 6 levels each) introduces a new cube with new abilities (red will stack with others, blue will activate switches ...). Basics are easy to pick up, mastering them might be a bit harder, but anyway the cdifficulty curve is pretty smooth.Finishing the levels are more about puzzles and platform skills, but in each level there is an extra to find and to reach (reaching it can sometimes be pretty easy, but finding it can be difficult, even frustrating sometime). Well, that's the exploration part, and is is optional, so it's fine.Some levels can be pretty long, but they all have a few checkpoints (despite that, in some levels, death can be quite the punishment).All in all, that's a great game that I recommend. For me, its only weak point would be that it takes a little time to charge a level, but it won't stop you from having hours of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,252550,17078805,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dr_mullaman,"What a beautiful meditative journey...recommended to anyone wishing to forget where he is and wants to delve deep into this beautiful chasm of magic, wonder and relaxation"
,Recommended,252550,16898141,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TRYER,"Voxel, parkour, puzzle game. Probably the only linear game you wood like, with the nice soft textures, beautiful skylines, and rhythmic ambient music, you can stare at or listen to for hours. The music will change, depending on the ambience of the setting. With the gameplay going between easy, medium, hard and back, throughout the adventure.I loved this game. Wish it didn't end. Worth $5 - $20 depending on your taste. 5 Stars for me. 3 or 4 for others."
,Recommended,252550,20356433,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,snjórtófa | 期姫,"Saw a friend stream this, it was love at first sight. God the atmosphere is indescribable, imagine veering down a serene waterfall above clouds in a tranquil pastel-coloured scenery. Ghhhh"
,Recommended,252550,24154445,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rolo The Bamboozler ^-^,"This game has really good soundtracks relaxing. Also no clock to beat. The levels are incredibly made and the graphics are beautiful so the player can see awesome things from heights and etc.. Addicting game. It's good to teach players new skills with low difficulty and then increasing it with more rewards (beautiful views, etc.). It has an interesting game concept and a really good atmosphere. Also the level editor is also fun if the player gets a bit bored and want to make his/her levels and create a beautiful map teaching a new mechanic to the game and after that publishing it.Try first the demo and then choose if you want to buy it or not. I recommendbuyingthe game.Thedevelopersare also really positive and friendly so no worries if you need something :)"
,Recommended,252550,21523175,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Torodo,"Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube was a Game, which I buy'd at an Steam Sale while it was 2,49Euros, recommended by a Friend.It was the right choice to buy it, since it's an extremely Atmospheric Game, build up by ""parcour"" and Thinking.I've nearly Played trough the full Game and I must say, it's Awesome!The Idea with all the Different functions of the Qubes, the Puzzles and the Layout of the Level's.To keep up with that: An Level Editor with Steam Support came out lately and I have been fully enjoying to just create such levels on my own (can't think of any difficult Puzzles but meh xD)Pro's:- Fun Puzzles- Good Layout of the Maps- Hard to find Secrets (The Triangles)- Secret's to be found- The Music *o*- Level EditorContra:- Some Bugging may help to glitch- The Achievement ""Dry Feet""- ... (currently not comming up to anything else)It's a game I would just recommend for Friends. 8/10"
76561197978984607,Not Recommended,252550,22406091,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,starpoint,"I really tried hard to like this game.  I love Portal and The Swapper and tons of other puzzle games, but ultimately this game failed me because the platforming elements vastly overwhelmed the puzzle elements.  I would say that this game is 90+% dexterity, which is way too high for an ostensible puzzle game.  Much of the dexterity consists of precise jumps, which, if you fail, mean you have to restart at the previous checkpoint.  You can't save the game just before a jump; the checkpoints are fixed, and very far between, so missing a jump means redoing a big chunk of the game, which gets really boring really fast.  Also, when you have made a structure out of blocks and are standing on it, very often you have to add a block right next to the block you are standing on, which requires extremely precise control or you will fall off the structure, requiring you to start over, which is just bad game design.  The puzzles (such as they are) are usually pretty trivial; most of the time if you can't solve one it's because you didn't see some place where a cube could go.  Finally, the game is just plain monotonous, and finishing a level feels like a chore.  The graphics are gorgeous and the music is nice and serene (though I ended up turning it off anyway), but the flaws in this game make it not worth your time.  This isn't a Zen-like game at all; it just looks like one.  It's actually aggravating and frustrating.  Perhaps if you consider walking on a tightrope over a canyon to be Zen-like, you will like this game.  Otherwise, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,252550,15656701,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,(O)RE,"Minecrafted towers, where you have to find your way out of them.Puzzle difficulty not so difficult, but not so easy either. Exception is the last World 6. Really painful.Great ambient music.The game makes you fear of heights :("
,Recommended,252550,13086918,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tzitzimime,"Great puzzle game, and not too hard, not too easy. The scenery is beautiful and the soundtrack completes the atmosphere of the game. The difficulty and even size of each level increase gradually as the player progresses through the levels and worlds.The levels are occasionally tricky to navigate, plus they're airborne, so falling off is definitely not recommended, and to add to the challenge there are no maps or compasses, though they are not labyrinths, outright. There are very rarely alternate paths whose dead ends you cannot see from the beginning, so the correct way forward isn't hard to find, or create. You only have to take detours to find hidden rooms and crevices containing items you may need to continue.I wish the game was longer. Absolutely recommended."
,Not Recommended,252550,17420416,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Chokhmah,"Can't recommend this game. The little puzzle aspect that there is (I only did a couple of worlds) is overwhelmed by an annoying, repetetive precision jumping aspect. Randomly placed doors that don't require anything in particular to be opened are also suprisingly annoying for something so insignificant.Play mirror's edge for the parkour. Play Infinifactory or the Talos Principle for the puzzle aspect (or Portal if you haven't)."
76561198032793745,Recommended,252550,23403661,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,almechist,"The negative review that came up first for me on this page is so misguided that I feel obligated to counter with a review of my own, which will be my first ever. First of all, there are no broken or unintended mechanics involved with grabbing cubes at weird angles, that's all part of the game. In fact, the game is remarkably free of such things. With hundreds of hours of game time, the only glitches I’m aware of all involve a specific series of steps that has to be taken to enable the glitch, none of which have ever happened to me accidentally during gameplay. The game is stable, extremely well thought-out, and the only complaint that rings remotely true is the one about the checkpoint/save system, which is indeed sometimes frustrating, but not nearly as much as what I’ve encountered in other games - this is a minor nuisance we’re talking about, not a deal-breaker.Qbeh-1 is one of my all-time favorite games, continually teasing you onward with gorgeous vistas and mysterious ruins and strange enigmatic machines... It‘s a pleasing blend of puzzle-solving and exploration, that introduces new gameplay elements at a perfect pace. There are new kinds of cubes to be found in each of 5 worlds, each containing many levels, and then, when you think you’ve finally mastered the game and reached the end, you’re given a highly motivating reason to go back and do it all over again, this time with an emphasis more on exploration. And when the final world’s final secret is unlocked and the game truly completed, there are now many new Workshop community levels that can be played, greatly enhancing re-playability.I admit I do like FP puzzle games quite a bit, but that doesn’t quite explain why I love this game so much. It’s really a hard question to answer, but I think it comes down to two things that make Qbeh-1 a standout even amongst similar games: immersive-ness and aesthetics. The first is a bit inexplicable, since the game has no real story to speak of, nonetheless you are totally THERE, completely immersed, in the moment, eager to explore the world and get to the next magnificent vista... Which brings us to the second thing, the aesthetics: the visuals are just spectacular. I can’t think of another game in which I spent so much time just staring at the sheer beauty of my surroundings. I found myself constantly stopping to take screenshots, in the manner of a tourist in an exotic land who stops to take photos - I couldn’t help myself. There’s such a strong sense of atmosphere to many of the locations, such ethereal beauty, enhanced by a haunting, often plaintive soundtrack that creates a perfect musical ambience that’s barely noticed because it fits in so well, but which will haunt you once it’s gone.The game gets all this stuff right, in fact I have referred to it as a playable work of art, which it unquestionably is. If that doesn’t sound appealing to you, then maybe the game isn’t meant for you. But for those who live their lives always needing to find out what’s at the end of that lonely path through the wilderness, who can’t help but explore an ancient ruin, this is for you. I’m guessing this is as close as a game can get to pure poetry, and I’m actually not one for poetry, usually. If you like the awesome, the mysterious, the unknown, try this. It’s not expensive at all, and you may be surprised at how much you will like it and return to it. And don’t get me wrong, the puzzle aspect is strong, there are some real challenges here for those who just like puzzles.I really can’t say enough about this game, it’s a genuine hidden gem. At the price, I can almost guarantee you’ll find it money well spent, and if it‘s on sale, why the heck wouldn’t you? Highly recommended, for those who are in the intended audience for this kind of thing, and even for those who aren't. Check it out."
,Recommended,252550,29184925,Posted: 11 January,all,Qaetan,"Everything I love about puzzle platformers is in this game. The exploration, the creative ways of solving the puzzles (sometimes bypassing them entirely with well placed jumps). The music is phenomenal, and I had a lot of fun tracking down the easter eggs (still a few to go).I would love to see a sequel to this game.I highly recommend this title to anyone that enjoys platformers."
,Recommended,252550,34129092,Posted: 9 August,all,Mike,"Often head-scratching, occasionally frustrating, this game is essential for people who like 3D puzzlers and aren't scared of playing a game which can be a bit hard at times. Yes, I'm talking to approximately half the people who left negative reviews; stop being such a baby :)"
,Recommended,252550,33567856,Posted: 15 July,all,[♕CAKE♕]Warhero1,"Pros:Fun puzzles/progressionCommunity seems to make a lot of cool levelsCons:There are only so many ways to rehash the same puzzle conceptsExtraordinarily buggy. Some bugs are bizarre and stretch cubes to the end of time and other bugs actually make the game unplayable (Turning VSync off actually alters in game ""ticks"" which causes certain cubes to disappear twice as fast, rendering some puzzles impossible).Beautiful game, but only runs at 30fps.I'd recommend buying it if you are a sucker for puzzle games like me, but don't expect it to blow your socks off or be tremendously difficult."
,Recommended,252550,33909157,Posted: 30 July,all,Ercaran,"This is a really good game for puzzle-game lovers. Though some level are really mean, they never leave you without real satisfaction. The atmosphere is beautiful, a little more at the start of the game than at the end because it becomes slightly darker IMHO. Developers are really active, they even comment on your screenshots sometimes. I REALLY REALLY recommend this game to all ""puzzlers""."
76561198166678554,Recommended,252550,17412145,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Eetu :D csgo-skins.com,Very good game :) PARKOUR 5/5
,Recommended,252550,10595447,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,failure face,"GUYSGUYSI JUST GLITCHED IN LEVEL 4-1I'M IN A PERMANENT LOW-GRAVITY EFFECT WITHOUT BEING IN A LOW-GRAVITY CUBE ZONEI CAN GO ALMOST ANYWHERE NOWTHIS FEELING OF FREEDOMAhem. In all seriousness, while I've only gotten to level 4-1, I must say I'm really quite impressed with the atmosphere. One level in particular stood out for me: 2-3, Monolith. The fog combined with the music gave me chills the entire time.I should note, though, that the level design hasn't been playtested thoroughly. So far in every level except 2-3 (and to some extent 3-6) I have managed to somehow get myself outside the area that the player is intended to play within, all using only the mechanics provided to me. Backtracking once I have more cubes often allows me to climb out the top of the ""expressive"" area that I am meant to play in, and out into the areas with flat, featureless exteriors. On 2-2, you can even see pieces of models sticking up out of the roof you're standing on, icicles and snow hanging in midair because the rest of it is being used as interior decoration. That said, this is still a really good game, possibly BECAUSE it gives you the freedom to do such things.In short, I love this game despite its quirks, because those quirks just expand what the player can accomplish."
76561198089291204,Recommended,252550,10665486,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gentleman Zing,"Really relaxing. One of those late-night games where you just want to chill but still be challenged. Scenery and music are simple but beautiful, fitting the game perfectly."
76561198042886155,Recommended,252550,22033984,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,yopd,This is a great simple puzzle game with a very peaceful atmosphere. It made a strong impression on me. And the level editor greatly boosts the longevity of the game. I highly recommand it.
76561198050386127,Recommended,252550,16194359,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,dsegel4,"This game is a puzzle game where you have to strategically place different blocks (that do different things) in order to move forward, progress in the game and go to the next level.  Thus far, there is no story to the game, just the puzzles.   I am currently on World 2, Level 1 with a little over four hours of game play.  I may edit my review once I have completed the game but wanted to get a review of encouragement out there for those of you who may be contemplating buying it.To give you a benchmark, there are a couple of similar games that come to mind:  Portal (which I did not like) and Talos Principle (that I loved, though it had a rather complex story line to go with it).I wasn't sure I was going to like it because a number of the (mostly negative) reviews talked about the platforming aspect.  I like some platforming games but admit I've quit a couple because I got too frustrated with constantly falling and/or dying.  Not so with this game.  For me, it's been easier using the mouse and keyboard than the game controller.  The best way to do the jumps, in my experience, is not to ""look down"" at the jump, but rather straight ahead.Very challenging puzzles, but not insurmountable.  I am enjoying the challenge."
,Recommended,252550,14423063,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,dyolf,"QBeh-1 is an atmospheric 1st person puzzle based on simplicity and elegant looks: it’s a relaxing experience that it should be taken note by everyone who enjoyed games like Portal, Antichamber or Q.U.B.E. It is very similar with those mentioned titles but it maintains its own personality too.Mainly, it is an exploration game that is taking place in four distinct worlds, all of them created by cubes. Each world contains six stages: you have to navigate into tricky mazes and thus finding the final door that leads to the next stage. The primary game mechanic has to do with obtaining and managing the special cubes that lay sparsely on the map. There 3 or 4 types of different colored cubes : the most common type is the orange one, which is used like footstool for creating platforms and steps that help you move into other areas. The blue one serves like a switch and is used for opening doors or operating elevators and there is a purple one that alters gravity in the surrounding area.Each stage contains a hidden rotating pyramid that waits patiently for you. In order to locate it you have to use your wits and find alternative routes that will often send you in seemingly inaccessible locations on the map. What is it for you if you find all the pyramids you ask? Well, nothing really except for the sheer joy of doing it!QBeh-1 excels in gameplay but it also looks surprisingly pleasing to the eye: the graphics are lacking in detail but they have a unique art design inspired loosely by Minecraft. Combined with the excellent ambient soundtrack, they create a very soothing, relaxing experience that you will definitely keep you occupied for a long time.In a nutshell, I highly recommend QBeh-1 to everyone who looks for a good and challenging puzzle game."
,Recommended,252550,15555225,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DeatHawk v2.0,Awesome game :)Definately worth the time playing.The Golden shards are tricky to find but really fun working out how to get them.9/10
76561198022636031,Recommended,252550,13827151,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,intradimensional,"This game is pleasant to look at and enjoyable to play.  It gets the difficultly right without being confronting.  The levels are cleverly designed with the game set high in the sky.  You rarely get led up the garden path and if you do its for a good reason.  While players aren't provided much guidance, intuition should kick in. For example, I just knew there had to be hidden secrets.  The lack of attaining a corresponding achievement after completing the first world confirmed my suspicions.The art direction is understated.  Ambient music only plays on the occasion.  The lighting is effective and varies for each level. The sporadic plant-life spruces up the spartan levels nicely while the background clouds are gorgeous.  Its easy to recommended this game.  7.5/10"
,Recommended,252550,30780098,Posted: 27 March,all,Chamberlain ⛧,"Great to chill out and play.If you smoke weed and think other games are hard to play, play this."
76561197975102110,Not Recommended,252550,33387520,Posted: 8 July,all,Firedancer,I played it a little bit. Puzzles so far seem trivial. World 1 level 6 I find a white block with blueish pattern. But the game doesn't allow me to place it in the spot it's supposed to go.Looking through the forums I find that it happens often. Restarting the game is supposed to help. After restarting the game I am back at the start of the level (and not the savepoint I reached).And now I can't even place the red blocks.Also it changes screen resolution whenever I go to settings and setting keybindings does not seem to work. The preset key for running does not work. I am using two screens and every now and then the window jumps so that it covers half of each screen.At this point I am returning the game...
,Recommended,252550,32908435,Posted: 27 June,all,Foxstorm_rage,"Excellent puzzle platformer with minecraft-y level design where you have to use a combination of 4 different kinds of cubes to get from point a to point b. you place cubes on special tiles in the level which accomplish different tasks (red is just a block, blue is a key/activates things, purple reduces gravity in a set area and green moves a limited distance) all on levels which are surrealist and floating high up in the stratosphere. the style of the levels almost remind me of the temples from Journey or Abzu and the soundtrack is a nice mellow ambient that is repetitive but manages to not get obnoxious (minus one or two levels.) some of my favorite parts of the game would have to be the shadow underneath your character, which, for anyone who has played a first person game where you can't see your feet, this is a godsend when dealing with narrow ledges. another great part about it is the ability to ""break"" the game as i call it, or manage to escape the bounds of what the developers intended to be the playing field by finding a way on top of the level and finding all sorts of easter eggs or finding new ways to bypass entire parts of the levels just by using a little creative thinking.all in all a great game, and plenty of community levels if you're into that. give it a shot if you're a puzzle platform fan"
,Recommended,252550,20792790,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,wizcreations,"Think 3D puzzle maze and you've got a fairly decent description of this game, but you'd be missing on a few key aspectsQbeh-1 is a first person puzzle platformer that places the player on a structure floating in the upper atmosphere with only one goal: reach the doorway at the end of the area.  In order to get there, you'll use various cubes to open doors, reduce the effects of gravity, or raise yourself to new heights.  There is no narrative to this game so you'll not find any purpose to your level progression and puzzles really aren't that complicated, but the levels themselves are extraordinarily fun to explore.Each world is set over a gorgeous sky scape that changes from level to level.  Some levels show bright blue of mid-day, others the darkness of night, and still more the orange hues of sunrise and sunset.  The lighting within each level is built to reflect the setting outside, so you really feel like you're immersed in the level.  It all combines to make a very peaceful game-playing experience.Puzzle design:I felt every level could have been more difficult.  The game practically throws cubes at you, so you never actually have to worry about using your cubes judiciously and picking them up when you're done.  I'd say the puzzle aspect of this game could have been much improved if the game actually made you think about how to build a stairway with 4 cubes, rather than giving you 10 cubes to make your way up.  One or two levels early on actually did make you build stairs with only 3 cubes, and that proved to be a fun and challenging puzzle.The first world starts you off with only one type of cube that you will use to add to the structure of the world, enabling you to progress to the exit.  Subsequent worlds slowly introduce new cubes and you're ability to affect your surroundings slowly begins to expand.  The difficulty ramps up smoothly as you progress, but never reaches a point that casual players would find frustrating.Level design:I would say that I had more fun exploring the levels than I did actually solving their puzzles.  This game gives you a lot to explore, and it rewards exploration with secrets that you can find in every level.  I was constantly looking for gaps in the wall that were at least 3 cubes tall (that's the size you can fit through) or for ways to jump to higher levels.  I often found myself standing on the wall of a level looking down on where I previously trekked just to see if I somehow missed the hidden pyramid.Of the secret pyramids I found, my favorite was probably the one that had a switch underneath the floor right before the exit.  There was a small crack in the ground that was barely noticeable, but if you put a cube on the switch, a platform would lower and you could get the pyramid.  However, you couldn't get back up to the exit unless you saved all your cubes earlier in the level, so I felt doubly rewarded for being observant and for being stingy on my cubes!The checkpoint feature in each level is a bit too unforgiving.  Rather than remember the farthest you've reached, the checkpoints reset to the most recent one you pass, so a small slip off a platform could force you to restart a level if you land near a checkpoint but left all your cubes above you. (This happened to me more than once!)One caution I would say about exploration is that the game not often but occasionally punishes you for exploring.  A few times I ended up on a platform that I couldn't jump out of simply because all the walls were 2 cubes high (you can only jump up 1 cube height).Community workshop:Qbeh-1 features a level creator in case you want to try your own hand at creating some levels, or if you want to try what others have designed.  I tried a handful of community-made levels, but didn't like any of them.  Seems like people just want to make levels ridiculously complicated or are just trying to create the minimum amount necessary to get the Steam achievement.  I don't know if I'll ever come back and make my own, but I probably won't play any more anytime soon.Minor grievances:The level selection map has probably the poorest design I've ever seen in a game.  Each world is represented as a cube, and you have to rotate the cube until you find the side that corresponds with the level you want to play, but the cube faces aren't numbered.There is also a glitch that allows you to use the effect of the purple low gravity cube without actually attaching it to a wall.  I stumbled across this early on but played through the game without it because let's be honest, cheating your way through a game on the first play really isn't all that fun.The later levels have a lot of empty hallways that serve no purpose to the level other than to increase the time you spend walking in circles.  I like to explore, but a boring circular hallway isn't what I'm looking for.Final thoughts:8/10This game is entirely about discovery, and the developers put a lot of creativity together to present you with a fantastic world to explore.  This game was definitely created with casual players in mind, but I'd say anyone who wants to play a relaxing game with beautiful atmosphere and puzzles nearly reminiscent of Zelda would enjoy Qbeh-1 immensely!"
,Recommended,252550,13503131,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Clavus,"I'll mainly write this from the perspective as an Oculus Rift user and how I experienced this game in VR.Qbeh-1 is a puzzle game with pretty straightfoward mechanics, taking place in simplistic but atmospheric environments. The music and presentation make it very enjoyable to play in VR. The fact there is a hidden token in every level also encourages you to be aware of your environment and spot hidden routes.However there are a few downsides for the VR player at the moment:* Movement isn't too VR friendly. This is mainly because of the continous turning of the player instead of having the option to enable incremental turning (the aptly named ""VR comfort mode"" pioneered by Cloudhead Games). Jumping might feel a bit abrupt too and can be a bit heavy on the stomach for those that are sensitive to it. I'd recommended new VR users to acclimate to VR a bit with other demos before jumping into this game.* Framedrops in some levels. Even on my high-end rig, some of the larger levels dip below the recommended 75 fps for some reason (while my CPU and GPU remain underutilized). This could be in part due to the current Oculus drivers and the performance impact of using the Rift's Direct Mode, but anyway, it ruins the experience.* Some spots in the game might require you to stretch your neck a bit in order to reach spots that are right above you (and might make your headphones fall off, as in my case). This is to be expected if the game wasn't initially designed with VR in mind, but it's still playable. Just something to keep in mind."
76561197999609092,Not Recommended,252550,20491982,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,billgus,Looks nice and looks like some interesting puzzles.   But needs LOTS more checkpoints.  Especially because of so many critical timing jumps.
76561198022820771,Recommended,252550,10505488,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMJKgp_Qge8&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAIt is good to know when an issue arises that the developers are taking care of them. The game itself has an amazing atmosphere created by great music and visuals that give a deep personal feel and therapeutic touch to the game. The puzzles in the game are easy to grasp and the game the game runs smooth. Thanks for your time and viewership, be sure to share how you feel, be sure to thumbs up the video, share or dislike and tell us why. For more reviews be sure to check out the channel athttps://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198023820638,Not Recommended,252550,18546063,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,kaer,"Nice and relaxing. Also pretty. But no story or motivation. Got boring fast. Also, it crashed a lot. I didn't actually stop playing until new levels just wouldn't load. But I can see how some people would like this game. Besides the crashiness, that is. No one likes that, I think."
,Recommended,252550,21168686,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Alpaca Akbar,I Played This Game...AND ITS AWESOME!
,Not Recommended,252550,23334532,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ðockεy,"I\'m a huge fan of games like Portal, QUBE, Talos Principle etc.But I just hate this game.I havent even played very far, but already I\'m bored with the game.-You walk too slow-Far between checkpoints, forcing you to repeat parts over and over-The mechanic for solving the puzzles feels brokenThis game is 5% puzzle solving, and 95% frustration.I have no idea how this can be so highly rated.Don\'t buy if you\'re looking for a good puzzle game."
,Recommended,252550,34139682,Posted: 9 August,all,Darmok,"Fun puzzles, definitely worth the price."
14159265358979323,Recommended,252550,23317986,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Potentiality12,"First-person puzzle game.You have to get from the beginning to the end of the level using the different features of several different types of cubes. Unlike DOOM (1993), in which you had to fight enemies while activating switches and getting colored keys to open like-colored doors to access more of the level until you reached the end of the not-really-3D levels, Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube levels exist in a fully-3D world in which you must use cubes to construct platforms to reach other areas, approach bird-like structures which unfurl their ""wings"" (I'm unsure about the function of these bird-like or spaceship-on-the-ground-like structures at this point), and, eventually find your way to the shining white exit region.Instead of baddies, your primary enemy (other than the puzzles themselves) in this game is gravity; the levels (at least in the first world, the last level of which I'm close to finishing) are constructed of stone cubes and other structures suspended in a void of some kind. The lighting and shadows are really beautiful, but falling through a gap or off a ledge will restart the level or load the last save point.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys first-person games, and especially to those who enjoy solving puzzles."
,Not Recommended,252550,32833038,Posted: 26 June,all,MorphBlue,"One of the few games i actually returned. I'm usually a big fan of puzzle games and i would say this game does a decent job at being that.For my personal taste, the controls just feel a little clunky and are just a hassle if you just wanna enjoy the interesting puzzle parts. Always felt like it takes ages to get a cube and put it exactly where you figured out the solution 10 minutes ago."
,Recommended,252550,13961973,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,tomsolo,"1. Open your eyes.2. Search the cubes.3. Find paths.4. Use the cubes.5. Reach the exit.Nice, relaxing puzzle game. Recommended."
76561198034983007,Recommended,252550,16766116,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,nick,I wrote a review of Qbehhere.
,Recommended,252550,23295627,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ibaudia,It's like portal with cubes.
76561198123452755,Recommended,252550,13897436,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Heater,The most atmospheric and relaxing puzzle game I've ever played. Would relax again. 10/10
76561198037080732,Recommended,252550,16155366,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,really good platform game
,Recommended,252550,22312207,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SpaceX24,"Portal 2 Has a Workshop Item called ""Memorial"" that is Simillar to Qbeh-1. This game is great. So far im on world 2."
,Recommended,252550,11748686,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,iamninjoe,Portal (third-person puzzle) + Minecraft (blocks) = Qbeh-1: The Atlas Cube
,Recommended,252550,33553189,Posted: 15 July,all,B5i Automatic Profile Changer v2,Very fun and relaxing puzzle game. One of the best first person puzzle games out there. Surprising amount of atmosphere for just being a just a blocks.
,Recommended,252550,30270534,Posted: 1 March,all,Mallidge,"If you enjoy being blinded for 20 sec every level, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,252550,25195776,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Noise.,"Devs, please make more games."
,Recommended,252550,23366639,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,LJ #vacouttanowhere,This is the best puzzle game i have ever played. It is totally worth it!
76561198066754002,Recommended,252550,18721824,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DoomVanilla,Secrets. The secrets are secret.
,Recommended,252550,17716300,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Goolster,Bought the game for a dollarWorth
,Recommended,252550,18968343,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Karott2000,+ Great and innovative puzzles+ Great atmosphere+ Interesting soundtrack
,Recommended,252550,19746289,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,GadMiuM,this is very good but hard game
,Recommended,252550,17386760,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Snowfox,"Decided to pick this game up (at %90 off) it only cost me $1!It would be great if they added more levels.pros:-engaging-cool graphics (shading effects)-some replayability?-achievments and trading cardscons:-yes, it looks alot like minecraft-not alot of time to play through (with current levels)-don't know if i would buy this game for $10, $1 was a no-brainer for meIf you don't mind too much about the initial cost, give it a shot_____11/10 better graphics then minecraft"
,Not Recommended,252550,10629290,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Anna,"Updated Review: September 2015.After more than a year I still cannot reccommend the game.The major complaints I had last june still persist.I have a brand new, high end computer, and the gameplay still doesn't seem to get fluid.The camera seems to be slow to react, and specially when moving the camera quickly it just doesn't feel right. If you're used to playing on lower (~30) framerates you probably don't notice it, but for me it was very noticable.Another major issue is the jumping, you seem to be falling down really fast after reaching the highest point in your jump, because the game features quite a few of fairly harsh jumps this can be really annoying.The fact that I can't save when I want can be a valid design choice, but not being able to re-save again after a checkpoint can be really frustrating. If you fail a section multiple times and need to keep grabbing the same cubes it just gets frustrating. I don't understand why we can't save again after say a cooldown period of ~5 seconds.==============Original Review: June 2014Do I recommend this game?At the moment no, but if the developers fix some things I think I will:1) perfomance issues.without vsync I had some horrible screentear.with vsync I had some horrible fps2) Save pointsSome of the save points are often a pain. They can be really unforgiving and walking past them again doesn't save again. This can lead to doing things over and over again.3) Lack of personal savesI think this is a design choice but I'd liked to have a quicksave option before trying some crazy moves. Combine this with the sometimes terrible save points and it can be really frustrating to play sometimes.Some personal problems I had:- the music got on my nerves quite a bit- slow pacing, specially the first 2 worlds are very easy.The game has some good things too though:- the mechanics from the third and fourth cubes cube are really fun.- the visual style is really cool and works pretty well.- the gameplay itself is  done well, the mechanics work well.- it feels like minecraft combined with portal!"
76561197968559405,Not Recommended,252550,20445561,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pie Face Poo Face,Graphics very blurry with VR.  Not experienced this issue before but they are very blurry with this game.  Also wasn't supporting latest Oculus runtime.
76561198013881309,Recommended,252550,24283899,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,stian.rodland,Can be very frustrating at times. But great fun :)
,Recommended,252550,23385999,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,OG,This game AWESOME!!!
76561198105019169,Recommended,252550,22004211,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Twisted Rhythm,Yes. Do this thing. You're welcome.
,Recommended,252550,23344570,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,InexactHexagon,Didn't even spell cube right in the title 9/10
,Recommended,252550,23244546,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,7/10 TJBs
,Recommended,252550,21926029,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ethan3lp,"Man oh man did I ever put 87 minutes into this game. I don't know how Steam works, so I might have played more by the time you are reading this, butt fuq it. This game really did tickle my dikkle when I first walked into the laggy thing. Over time, it gets more and more laggy, and the puzzles get more and more good-like. One point five hours, more like one point five showers... With your NAN. This game basically made me ♥♥♥♥ out my nips so 7.7/7.9 PRETTY DAMN GOOD.Just got smashed by two cubes, it was sexual-The Government"
76561198075525997,Recommended,252550,13240892,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,budwheizzah,"This is an excellent VR experience and I'm especially fond of being able to turn the ""Tracker rotates body"" option off! Wow, what a difference it makes for FPS controls in VR! Simple laid back gameplay, great performance and a relaxing ambiance! If you own a Rift, this is definitely one to add to your collection!Oculus Rift DK2 (3D) gameplay recording:http://www.interleave-vr.com/youtube-proper-player.php?v=kW9ks-j9EBY"
76561198288026643,Not Recommended,252550,28531580,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,zeljko.vrba,"I hate the controls in this game, I've almost smashed the keyboard in frustration a couple of times because I was unable to correctly time jumps across the gaps. And what happens after falling? Yup, the level is restarted. I also think the game is rather boring and the music is monotonous. Don't recommend in any way."
,Not Recommended,252550,14034475,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,JCTrick,(Review only applies to VR gamers) DK2 owners should stay clear. As of Jan 2015 it doesn't sound like they're going to continue updating the game with newer Oculus runtime releases. Seems to stop working correctly after 0.4.2.
,Not Recommended,252550,14967680,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RavenWorks,"AVOID IF YOU HAVE FEAR OF HEIGHTS. That's obviously not going to apply to everyone, but, it did to me. The trailer somewhat indicates that the game is set way up in the sky, but it doesn't really communicate the fact that a large amount of it involves leaping across destroyed floors above endless pits.That's actually some what of a relevant complaint for everyone else too: I came into this expecting something like Antichamber (which it shares at least one mechanic with), and while it is a mostly puzzle-focused game, there is a much larger focus on precision platforming than I was expecting. (And in a somewhat poor choice, a single misstep often means you have to replay an entire, fairly large portion of the level all over again.)As for the VR support, I haven't even been able to get it to work, but a game with this much stop-and-start jumping seems like a poor choice for VR anyway."
,Not Recommended,252550,31130104,Posted: 13 April,all,Punny Bunny,"An exercise in tedium. While it was relaxing at first, fall damage + death resetting your progress + mediocre platforming mechanics really ruin the game's relaxing atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,252550,17373097,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bieeanda,"Sleepwalking pace, lousy controls and... seriously. Level title screens, that are solid white save the title, that take upwards of twenty seconds to clear? If you're hiding loading progress, don't. I'd rather the illusion that something is going on behind the scenes, rather than the suspicion that the designer has their thumb up their♥♥♥♥♥A checkpoint-based save system, short jumps, and absurdly slow movement through water --contact with which locks you out of an achievement-- punishes exploration and experimentation, requiring the player to backtrack every time they miss a step. This feels like something that would have been impressive fifteen or twenty years ago, but is merely an unpolished tech demo today."
76561198043963234,Not Recommended,252550,18074954,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,EffOff,"1.Booring. 2. Easy. 3.WHITE!1.The sence (place cube jump on it - go on) isnt fun after 2-3 lvls. New cube (blue) didnt help. Grabity was ok, but it just gives a higher jump.2. U dont have to think. Just auto: see the place where u can place a cube - place it, jump on it, step forward - take the cube back. Maybe at world 5 it'll be more difficult, but i dont want to spend 5 hours with punkt.3 and 1 to make some activeness to brain. I can just open Portal and play some custom maps.3. Everysthing WHITE. made the half brightness on screen, still somethimes painfully to watch outside the corridors (the background on some lvls are totaly white. And the end-start loading is white screen. With the lvl name on BRIGHT WHITe. Between the levels its about 20 sec of empty screen, u can guess what colour it is.So have no idea who liked it and why. Probably with oculus its pretty fun, but with no - awfull."
,Recommended,252550,21871069,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lollipop lol,"This game is great.It's basically a Minecraft Parkour Map, but with:- Amazing Graphics- Amazing Music- A calming feelI normally hate platformers (except for VVVVVV), but this is one of those exceptions."
,Recommended,252550,22067790,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,geminidoesgames,Time to revive the old childhood habit of playing with blocks!https://youtu.be/8vBqTpYOiak
,Recommended,252550,15516213,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"As fun and addictive as Portal.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea51aawx0rAThe Atlas Cube' - QBEH-1: The Atlas Cube is an atmospheric 1st-person puzzle platformer by Liquid Flower that takes players on an inspired quest through a variety of divergent worlds, each filled with new mysteries and secrets to uncover. In each world, players find special cubes that must be collected and used to navigate to the next portal. Some cubes will simply be used as stepping stones to new areas while others are imbued with magical properties such as gravity and propulsion.Created by Liquid Flower, QBEH-1: The Atlas Cube is a prequel to their much beloved Qbeh, a small student project that found its way online and into the hands of gamers and journalists alike who wanted more after feasting on the appetizer. Now, QBEH-1: The Atlas Cube builds on the core concept and aesthetics introduced in the original and brings even more polish, passion and gameplay into the new game. - Highly Recommended!"
76561198141287691,Not Recommended,252550,14458608,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,amanda.klop,"I liked the idea. But the amount of time, lack of save points, and being a first person with no feet just made the game hard to love."
,Not Recommended,252550,14138817,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Rowlet99012,"This game is just...bland and boring. Some of the puzzles just consume time, they're not even fun. I haven't completed the whole game because it’s too boring. ""How about i TRY to finish Q-beh....."" so I start playing....""Meh I’m bored""~Pros~You really know how to make your surroundings look good.Oculus rift support! WOO! Well I don't have one so, woooo.And that’s about it...~Cons~""All these features and much more""The level name shown at the beginning of a level is ssllllloooowww and booooorrrinnng and you can't even skip it.When there are floating cubes/ areas that you can't access can you add some motion? Please? it makes it look a bit silly and makes the game look bland.Seriously?? You can't start playing using only a controller?? You HAVE TO USE THE MOUSE TO NAVIGATE THE MENU!!! Is it that hard?! You are only able to use the controller while playing in a level!!The same-same look of the levels really gets *Yawn* boring after playing four levels!And a few more bad things that I can't be bothered to mention because writing a review for a boring game IS boring!Unless you like ""zen""-like experiences (sitting down looking at a bland ""thing"") or interactive loading screens this is for you!My final words are....I WANT MY MONEY BACK! No, seriously, I do. I'm not being silly. I literally DO want my steam credit back..Tata for......ever"
,Not Recommended,252550,24593334,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Cammy,This game was not good
76561197964147328,Recommended,252550,17369840,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Racer,"Simple first-person puzzler with an etherial vibe. Good for casual play. For a couple bucks, this is worth it - although there are better games in this genre for a higher price."
76561197999471542,Recommended,252550,17534594,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dragos Ra,"Relaxing puzzle game.Good quality, good game play, looks very nice as well, and nice music.Much value for money, especially when it was on sale."
,Recommended,252550,16593056,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,zuGzwanG,"At first you may think this is some sort of Minecraft rip-off, but it's not. Your job is to find your way through the levels using the cubes you are given. The puzzles may get a little bit repetitive after some time, but still fun enough.What I really liked about this game was the immersion level. It is a really simple game, however really beautiful. The lightning and soundtrack are great. I almost felt cold on snowy or windy levels."
,Recommended,252550,20167556,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,teckforce,"Fun, starts out slow to engourage beginners to the genre then graduates to harder sequences. Sometimes the puzzles may be easy in between, but it makes for a good break. The scenery is serene, and I think is one of the best assets of the game. I definitely enjoyed this game!"
76561198025876017,Recommended,252550,20208820,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Somonoponos,"Great puzzle game. The platforming is responsive and not frustrating. The puzzles are imaginative and fun, and the extra tokens hidden on each level really lend themselves to exploration and keeping a keen eye on your surroundings. I thoroughly enjoyed my playthrough!"
,Recommended,252550,19893431,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,StatiixPants,"It's not a game, it's a meditation session."
,Recommended,252550,20654831,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,TheDeepBlue,The story of what happens when you build your civilization relying on neither mortar nor gravity.
76561197970004650,Recommended,252550,20536234,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,00_Exia executing target,"This little game made by only a few people is a brilliant example of how a simple idea, simply visualized, can still be a great game. A few times i even found myself in this block-based worlds just standing on a balcony and enjoying the scenery.+ The developers were (can't say if they're still doing it) supporting the community in the forums.+ level editor is fun+ you can often find your own ways- that damn penguin... always trolling me (just kidding, that's just my own opinion^^)All in all a 9,5/10 if you like puzzle games. Must buy on sale.Thank you, devs."
,Recommended,252550,18932182,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Orlendis,"Fun game. I won't thumbs down it because I did have fun, but for all intents and purposes it's basically just a normal day in minecraft trying to get from point A to point B using blocks you have in inventory to get there."
76561198018138126,Recommended,252550,18568190,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MMz,Excellent Level Design! Not the best I have seen but very well done! It mixes puzzle and platforms.I don't really see any flaws except some exploits here and there. Those are not really damaging the quality of the game and can be considered as alternative paths.The editor is really easy to handle but not really comfy.
,Recommended,252550,16204265,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nukey,"If you like puzzles and first-person platforming, you owe it to yourself to play this game. Fairly short, but very sweet."
,Recommended,252550,15225976,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DreadPirateGillman,"Relaxing, If Portal and Minecraft had a baby, this would be it."
,Recommended,252550,16127109,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Edgy,Really good. I enjoyed it. Buy it while its on sale
,Recommended,252550,15059887,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"For the game that includes no protagonist and no story at all, this first person puzzle platformer is surprisingly entertaining."
76561198100189473,Recommended,252550,15349673,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,fox.jeremyl,"Such a beautiful game.If you like Fez and the feeling of weight and history behind every wind worn stone, you'll love this.Puzzles are rewarding (especially if you search for the hidden pyramids on every level), music is immersive and soothing, and the presentation is well done.8/10"
,Recommended,252550,15213004,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Thawny,Very solid puzzle solving game with brilliant graphics and a lovely environment. Very peaceful game. 10/10.
,Recommended,252550,15592712,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Galactavision,"Sadness. This looks like a great game, and I'm going to keep playing it,but I bought it thinking I could jump right into the VR version.Not so much. Haven't gotten the rift-beta to work yet, will keep trying."
76561198148399342,Recommended,252550,15408464,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,jpcarson1988,"This is a good game in my eyes. after beating the portals and talos princeble(yes i cant spell for♥♥♥♥♥♥ i was yurning for another puzzle game. i found this game after some searching and was happy once i starting playing.  i would recomend this game if u are like me and looking for another puzzle game. it gets the job done!  keep me busy for a while. like the stars in talos there is a hidden object in each level, which keep you going even after u beat the game to go back and find them all."
,Recommended,252550,14033682,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GrantShmitty,One of the best casual puzzle games I have ever played. 11/10
,Recommended,252550,14275697,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ElyCyan,"Qbeh is a puzzle platformer that does not disappoint. You pick up colored cubes to place in marked positions in the map. You'll build small bridges and stairs out of these cubes to get to the next area, and, when you discover the other types of cubes, you'll be making low grav jumpways and riding cubes over precarious pits.The experience is just like the music in the game -- relaxing and beautiful. If you're looking for a thrillride or a sarcastic, witty narrator, this isn't your game.If you'd like to relax, figure out some puzzles at your own pace, this is a great game. If you're like me, you'll be hoarding cubes in an effort to break out of the map and discover secrets. This game does not disappoint in this respect either.I really enjoyed every second of this game and didn't want it to end. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198091399998,Recommended,252550,14016192,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Viper,This game is awesome. I highly recommend it to any portal fans.
,Recommended,252550,14018088,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,Great calm puzzle game with soothing music but sometimes hard and can make you get a little mad.
,Recommended,252550,14023149,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SWill,"epic. 9/10 love boxes.Also, I got it on sale. Which makes it that much better."
76561198072050491,Recommended,252550,13961565,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Global_Sector15,"Very cool game, I recommend to everyone, especially children, since it develops the mind, logic and spatial thinking ... Sign the women denied!!!"
76561198108377870,Recommended,252550,13559493,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Box_Whiff_An_X,"At first when I saw this game I thought it would be another voxel-minecraft-wanabe-puzzle-cheap game. I was so wrong, first the only similarity between this and minecraft was the main shape of the game: a cube. The graphics are supprisingly good and run well on my Asus r510c. The simplicty of the game makes it so good, there is absolutely no need for a tutoral and doesn't overcomplicate the begining with dumb-filler-nobodycaresabout-exposition. Rather it lures you in with mystery. I have still yet to play the game through but from what I've seen in a mere 54 minutes is awesome.The name ""Qbeh-1"" is hopefully insinuating a second.Overall 9.9999/10reason: the .00001 deduction is because the trees glitch out, the textures for some reason are plauged with black lines."
,Recommended,252550,14929867,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,The Mascot Bater,"I'm REALLY enjoying this game so far. It's fun, addictive and challenging and is definetely worth the money."
,Recommended,252550,14073421,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,will,really cool puzzle game. absolutely beautiful. gets pretty challening pretty fast. highly reccomended. people who like portal will like this.
76561198070866977,Recommended,252550,14076188,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,WINfail223,I've only played two levels and im already in love with this beautifly simple game!
,Recommended,252550,21527754,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TekelaXII,A solid and well made puzzle game which revolve around cubes. It includes custom map maker as well as community workshop for you to play other people's map.
,Recommended,252550,21722811,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,LawnBuffalo,"More fun than I expected.  It gets challenging, and even more if you're going for all of the gold pyramids as well"
,Recommended,252550,21669941,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,benjo,"I just powered up the atlas cube, but didn't get all the tokens - yet.But I enjoyed playing this game.It's a slow, beautiful and peaceful game, but sometimes you will also rage, especially with the green cubes ;)"
,Recommended,252550,16032928,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,LeMeVlad,A very good puzzle. total worth!
,Recommended,252550,24832440,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Scythedelic,"Great platforming game, decent puzzles (not on Portal's difficulty level of course). Great ambiance, color palette, smooth graphics, etc. I've logged 18 hours and I'm not done yet, but I'm playing at a leisurely pace. I got hungry for platformers ever since I played FEZ, which if you haven't played, I'd recommend over this. 7/10"
,Recommended,252550,26522586,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pete,"Absolutely amazing game, I cannot recommend it enough (ignore my hours played, they're mostly offline in the last few days).  The various worlds atmospheres sre sublime, just a couple hours playing it leaves me so feeling so peaceful it's like I've been on holiday for a week. The mechanics are simple but very polished. My only issue is that an xbox controller doesn't work in the menu and on world/level select screens but the fact the controls are so well done that I can even use it on what I'd usually call a m/k game says a lot.I've played hundreds of games on steam alone and this is the first time I've made the effort to write a review. This one of those games that should've done a lot better and I'm only sorry I left it unplayed in my library for so long."
,Recommended,252550,26401513,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Berbelucha,Enjoyable puzzle game that will force you to think hard :) Liked it.
,Recommended,252550,26281169,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DarkGriffin,"This is a very good action puzzle game, and easily worth the price with or without a sale.What really surprised me was the amount of ""skill layers"" the game has.  First you will be finishing levels, finding that quite hard enough.  By the end of the 5 worlds, you'll be ready to go back and start spotting secrets, sort of a ""level 2"" of the whole game.  It's all quite a nice learning curve and builds up on previous game skills and your newfound knowledge of using the game elements together.The base game with the first credits ending can be obtained within 6-8 hours.  But if you are the curious sort and are running without looking at the guides, the secrets and hidden stuff can easily bring that total to 20 hours as you unlock more hidden stuff.  I don't want to spoil it in this review, but the game has a little bit more to it then first appears.It's gameplay focuses most on physical placement puzzles, but you will need to practice some platforming to complete it.  Especally at the end, there are a few points where you will need to be quick at placing or grabbing blocks.  Nothing too insane, most of the ""action sequences"" are either straightforward or you will be given a chance to oversee the area before diving into it.  The speed parts are more a test of your ability to stay calm and stick to a previously thought up plan under pressure then anything else.  Checkpoints are quite plenty as well, and instantly reload if you fall or die.The levels are brillantly laid out.  You often will find what you need with a little bit of exploring.  In the process of finding those bricks you also will have a good visual of each new puzzle you come across before needing to solve it.  There are also lots of hidden and not so hidden places that are simply eye candy or ""breathing space"", so you really do feel like you are exploring instead of walking from puzzle to puzzle.  A few have some great views or other neat little rewards for being curious.  Some (but not all) of the puzzles also have many solutions, leaving it up to you to ""free solve"" it several different ways.  I loved the ""smart"" feeling I got for coming up with solutions that didn't use all the blocks or let me walk out with extra ones for the next area.The music is also very good, and passes in and out throughout the levels to aid in creating some pretty neat moods and situations.  It's very cool how each level has almost the same level elements but each also has a very unique feel or mood to match the puzzle themes.  It will keep you pumped for the big puzzles, and stay quiet when you need silence to focus or transition your mind between puzzles.On the negative, some levels loading times were a bit long on my low end computer.  The checkpoints respawning is very fast, which is very welcome when you fall off and it auto reloads nearly instantly.  The game only needs to load the level when you first enter it or transition to a new one from a level exit.  So it's nothing game breaking.One other thing to note is that while the levels have lots of checkpoints to them, each level can take anywhere from 15 to 45 minuites the first time you explore it.  If you quit the game you will lose your checkpoint and have to start at the very beginning of the level again.  It's not terrible as once you know the solutions each puzzle can be ""redone"" in under a minute tops.  But it's worth noting this isn't a quick pop in and out type of game.I highly recommend this one if you like physical/positional puzzles.  It's a great experience that manages to be so much more then it's parts, thanks to very clever level design and careful use of music and level name tags.  It doesn't try to overreach or do something it can't do, like having a dialog story or being a hardcore difficulty suddenly.  Every time it reaches the point of feeling impossible the level design steps back a notch and shifts gears, keeping it fresh till the end.I had gone in expecting a small little game about placing blocks that would last 6-8 hours tops and probably rip off minecraft.  Having played Qbeh, I can say I certainly recieved much more then that.  This experience is going to stick with me as a personal favorite for quite some time."
,Recommended,252550,26804136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DSpecht,"Qbeh-1 perfectly achieves what it sets out to do: Being an atmospheric puzzle game. Nothing more, nothing less.The ambience the game sets is incredible. A soothing soundtrack, mysterious ruins and mellow light effects all do their part to pull the player into the level. The puzzles in Qbeh-1 are easy enough to keep the immersion of the overall setting, but also challenging enough to not be boring. Hidden secrets and the occasional easter egg reward exploring.Qbeh-1 offers 36 levels and supports Community Created levels for additional fun.If you enjoy exploration, a relaxing and sometimes breathtaking ambience or decently crafted puzzles Qbeh-1 is 	definitely worth buying."
76561198055736770,Recommended,252550,26016889,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BeanyFrog,"This has been on my wishlist for a while now and today, with the very helpful sale price, I bought it.It is wonderful.  It's immersive, beautiful and gives you a real sense of achievement upon completing a level. The soundtrack and the ambience of each little puzzle world is just spot on.10/10. Can't recommend it enough!"
76561198110582247,Recommended,252550,26041327,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Duncan_Noobs,"Great game. Lots of levels. Very relaxing puzzle game, unless you're afraid of heights."
,Recommended,252550,27550499,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elbo,Amazing! Only played a couple levels and am already wanting to play more.
76561197970520745,Recommended,252550,23755928,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,toaaron,"This game has great atmosphere. You feel like you're up in the sky in this strange setting. I'm not sure what other people expect going into it, but it's not a puzzle game per se. Yes there are puzzle type elements there, but for me at least it's a lot more about the feeling I get when I play this game. It's not like any other game I've played. Anytime I just want to wind down at the end of the day and play something relaxing I'll open it up and I'm transported to a quiet place, with enough intrigue to keep me going.It's not for everyone, obviously, and if you go into it expecting difficult puzzles, you'll be disappointed. Yes, it's repetitive, but there are other things that really make me like it that I can't explain. It's on sale right now for 1.49, so I mean for that price you can hardly go wrong I guess just to try it out."
76561198202337641,Recommended,252550,23771850,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gato.quimico,"OK, the idea is good, but the game overall is a bit boring. Some puzzles are hard, which I like. Deffinitelly need to think to go through, but this is probably the first game that I yet don't want to replay."
,Recommended,252550,24034066,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xXRussanoXx,A really beautiful game with simple yet stunning levels and a soothing soundtrack.  Cheap as F. on the steam sale and a great game just to relax to.I recommend anyone who enjoys puzzle games or even simple exploring games to get this.
76561198196521454,Recommended,252550,24195478,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,wanderwoman222,"A fun, challenging little puzzle game.  If the developers decide to make a Qbeh-2, I strongly suggest giving it a story.  What makes games like The Talos Principle and Portal 2 so fantastic is the combination of challenging puzzles and a slowly-unfolding story.  Qbeh, while fun for what it is, felt a little tedious at times. Each puzzle took on a same-ness, because there was no story to drive it forward, no sense that behind the next door would be some revelation.  Instead, behind the next door is another door is another door.  The atmosphere is beautiful (reminiscent of The Labyrinth), and it's pleasant enough, for what it is."
76561198097794936,Recommended,252550,22576346,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LilDagnamet,"I am approaching the 2 hour (gameplay) mark in this game and am loving it now that I know how to play. The levels are great both in design and difficulty. The level designs make the secenery something players should take a second to admire and differing enough per level and ""world"" so as to not get repetative. The level difficulty is at a point so that they are not something that you will breeze through (except for speedrunners...yes there are speedrunners in this game) because they will require thought. Add on to that the fact that there is the story levels and player designed levels. I recommend this game."
76561198171146837,Recommended,252550,22429275,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,evawdnuoScimotA,"This game is relaxing to play, the puzzles start off easy and get harder and I have not found all the secrets yet and look foward to doing that, for the main game it is worth it alone.The level editor takes time to get used to and can seem quite complicated to start with, stick with it because it is fun to build in. many colours of wall and floor, Ice and dirt and hazard blocks make big variety in design. Light cubes and source can be any colour you like with the RGB mixer intensity and range.I have created 8 levels I guess now and still like making more. if you dare you can do curved levels. also the music in the main game can be used and sky boxes are plenty so every level can have a different feel."
,Recommended,252550,22388995,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,HeroineDark [TSCG],Do you love exploring puzzle games? Relaxing atmosphere? Using known items in new ways? Here's your game. Get it.
76561198277332300,Recommended,252550,26300362,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Clyde the Hobo,"tl;dr Buy this game on Steam then go onto iTunes and buy the soundtrack or I'll appear in your bedroom tonight and whisper hurtful nothings into your ear while you sleep.""Qbeh-1"" is a stupid name. That being said, it's about the only bad thing I can say about this game. The graphics are phenomenal, the music is all sort of atmospheric and the gameplay is about as solid as the blocks you use. I did have a few graphical glitches and a few times, my blocks vanished into the void that moment I placed them but overall this rarely happened. Full of secrets and brain-tickling puzzles, it's the kind of game that would make a certain skeleton smile."
,Recommended,252550,27742874,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,frankzafka,Absolutely brilliant puzzler with some platform elements. Relaxing and not too taxing. A lot of content ingame and there's a level editor too. Highly recommend. Filled a void left behind by Portal and Talos Principle.
,Recommended,252550,27989143,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,evanna11,"The combination of having a 3d environment you can walk through and neat puzzles is great! Especially when the environment is so nice looking/atmospheric :). If you like puzzles and the pictures/trailer, there's a good chance you'll really enjoy playing the game.The puzzles are also really nice, and more mechanics are added throughout the levels so it doesn't get boring at all, There's also some hidden things you can look for, which are sometimes really hard to find (or to get to) which I really like."
76561198031357321,Recommended,252550,10775853,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sorikai33,"A very enjoyable first person puzzler/platformer. The enviornment and ambiance is very relaxing. And the puzzles are creative too. At first it's pretty easy, but it definitely gets more challenging as you progress. A good buy if you like these types of games."
76561198028296972,Recommended,252550,33498966,Posted: 13 July,all,Bootleg Megaboss,"A very relaxing, slow paced puzzle game. Lots of interesting levels and even more, if you find enough secrets! The jumping kinda sucks, but it's not hard to get used to."
76561198328954367,Recommended,252550,32086798,Posted: 31 May,all,[<BL-S>] Spacekirby999,"I love this game, the soundtrack is great and the levels are beautiful. The game play is relaxing and addicting, it is different to any other game so I highly recommened it. It is definetly worth the price :D. There is also a level editor where you can design your own levels. I hope there are more Qbeh games in the future"
76561198026967461,Recommended,252550,34531408,Posted: 27 August,all,bitnykk,"Here's a proof simplicity & care can lead to a good game. The effort put on minimalistic music/ambiance, nice shadow & lighting work, the 2 level of difficulty design (ending a level being first, finding an optionnal token at same being second), the various 6x6 maps proposed, that makes already a decent overall. But if you add to that a map creation mode and its about 200 community freely subscribable maps (through Workshop section of its Steam Hub), Qbeh-1 is clearly over the average of its genre. Indeed, it would need to be slightly less sober to become a major title, but nobody would deny it's an enjoyable world to spend time in."
76561198211125523,Recommended,252550,34942226,Posted: 13 September,all,Spooky Dorito,The game has a very peaceful feel to it and a good soundtrack. However some of the textures seem to be a bit broken. Great game nonetheless.
76561198071611456,Recommended,252550,35474054,Posted: 4 October,all,AmberGoldPL,Good and relaxing logical game.
