user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,252630,12272278,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,K!netic,"I loved my first playthrough - it was eerie, tense, fresh, and fun. I hoarded coins, I explored every nook, and I took in every giant texel of the environment. I dealt with the enemies carefully, and triumphantly beat the first stage. I was in love.Then I died and respawned. At that point, I realized that the elements I'd loved so much were not appealing upon replay. I understood how the monsters operated, I knew what the sound cues meant, I had figured out how many bullets I needed, and how far away from monsters I could be before they noticed me. I'd ""gotten"" the game in under half an hour of gameplay, and afterwards the whole veneer of tension and horror fell away, revealing a game that's still tough and can be fun, but has none of the thrill that I experienced before I could predict its every move.Worse, the enemies have no apparent otherworldliness other than their appearance. When I think of horrifying things, I imagine creatures or forces which aren't predictable. These threats are very predictable - they don't vanish around corners, they don't change the environment without your consent, they don't even do much with their wandering/patrolling routes. To make this game effective, it needs to keep you from fully understanding the enemy - but it doesn't. It's  the same one-track-minded stateful AI that's plagued games for 20+ years. Even the more interesting enemies (like the statue) follow very strict rules. The game falls into the tedium being too predictable, and offering punishments to the player for not predicting it - when this could have been a game that broke the mold.The game is also not well served by being permadeath. Permadeath only works when you give the player some reason to replay. Maybe you let them play different classes, or pick different abilities, or try out new unlocks they got last playthrough, give them a new goal to chase, or even just give them a persistent gold storage that they can buy useful items from. This game doesn't do any of that. The store is limp and useless, and a replay just feels like rehashing what you've already accomplished - rather than picking up again with determination.Ultimately the game is competently made, it has good generation, some fun textures, a neat premise, and a good opening. It's technologically solid and ticks all the boxes for a good game. But the gameplay melts in your hands - the longer you examine it, the less solid the it feels."
,Recommended,252630,14419479,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"Do you like stoning fish-men to death with big rocks?  I know I do!  But if you're like me, it's a private pleasure and no one must know.  So you creep out at night, ducking behind cover, keeping low to the ground, slowly rotating your irregular bit of rock (sedimentary perhaps), finding the grip to put the perfect english on it, listening for the hop-hop sounds of the fish-man as you slowly peak out, glancing briefly to see that his dopey face is turned away revealing his moist, tender cranium...What was I talking about?  Oh, yeah, Eldritch.  It's pretty good.No, scratch that, Eldritch is a goddamn miracle.  Procedural generation and permadeath, the marks of the roguelike genre are two things that used to send me running like I'm trying to outrun my fat, juicy friend, who is also trying to outrun some squamous monster from the primordial deep.  But somehow the dark wizards behind Eldritch managed to create the perfect combination of play to reach all the way deep into this previously forbidden zone of mine.  Well, that got weird.Anyway, what does Eldritch do so right?  Well, it allows you to move in the least efficient way possible!  Crouching low to the ground to move slow and silent, sliding from a run, peeking around corners while still counting as being behind the corner, jumping and pulling yourself onto ledges you can't quite clear (i.e. mantling).  Those up on their gaming history might recognize these as the controls for the early Thief games and any game that has them and implements them correctly gives me a stiffy.Next, the game traps you in a nightmarish loop from which you can never escape... something, something, profit?  When you die, resurrecting is only a click away, ensuring that you can get right back into the fray armed with new knowledge that may save your dumb♥♥♥♥♥next time.  The game also takes a bit of the edge off the permadeath by allowing you to store artifacts (the game's currency and fuel for your magic) in banks that will carry over if you die.And the in-game map is brilliant.  Really?  I'm trying to sell you a game based on its in-game map?  Yes, I am bloody-well trying to sell you a game based on an in-game map!  The procedural generation works nicely, never feeling like you're being led nowhere.  Every square on the map has something to reward your exploration and the map I just touted comunicates it to you brilliantly.  The map doesn't show you fine details, but simply breaks the dungeon into a leveled grid, marking off which squares you've been to and if they contain a major feature.  You couldn't ask for a better companion in seeking out forbidden items spewing particle effects for you to get your sticky human hands on.Finally, the main game is just the right length.  Doing a patient stealthy run, you can easily finish in about three/four hours.  You'll definitely feel incentive to be careful once you make progress, but every death will make you feel like you're one more corpse in the pile you can climb to victory rather than feeling like you've just graduated college only to light yourself on fire.And that's just the main game.  Eldritch also includes two complete scenarios that lesser games would call DLC and charge you for.  One simulates a cocaine and dynamite fueled rampage through an asylum to bust souls out of the walls and escape to safety before a cosmic horror chases you down and eats you.  This mode will teach you that berserker raging your way through your problems is a perfectly valid solution in Eldritch, even if the stealth is so strong you just want to smear tanning butter on its pecs.  Also included is a long endurance dungeon to test your stealth skills with tough foes, few resources, and no trips back to safety for a breather like are found periodically in the main game.As for the overall aesthetic and treatment of HP Lovecraft's work?  This game was made with love.  Love for unfathomable abominations from beyond the stars that just want to dissect your brain and stick it in a jar.  As Lovecraft fans know, old Howard P. spent a lot of time dealing with the intangibles of cosmic horror where terror comes from not being able to percieve or understand vast entities to which you are little more than the dirt beneath their heels.  He also wrote schlocky adventure stories about explorers fighting monsters and zombies and♥♥♥♥♥♥  Eldritch pulls off the balance nicely.Most of the enemies you face will be out of Lovecraft's more tangible gallery, but even with the Minecrafty graphics and squishy fish-men, the indestructible monsters like the Shoggoth and Yog Sothoth feel amorphous and dangerous.  You won't spend too long looking at them because you'll be running the ♥♥♥♥ away.  The bigger ""cosmic"" side is represented in the minimal story told only at the beginning and end with text boxes.  You can't represent that sort of thing visually and Eldritch knows well enough not to try, but rest assured it's there and you will confront it along with your seeming immortality.  And on the note of knowing what you can't do visually, Eldritch makes up for it with it's awesome sound design.  The Minecraft look might be a little too goofy to be horrifying, but damn if the sounds don't manage to freak my♥♥♥♥♥♥out.There are few indie games that I think are worth their normal asking price.  I'll admit, I got this game on sale for five bucks and won't blame you if you do the same.  But after having played it thoroughly, fifteen may well have been fair.  Though as a fan of Thief and HP Lovecraft, it's almost like this was tailor-made for me.  Bottom line: if you like stealth games, get Eldritch; if you like HP Lovecraft, get Eldritch; if you're really into roguelikes, I have no idea.  Maybe this is too soft for a dedicated fan of roguelikes, but if nothing else it might be the gateway drug for somebody (me) who is put off by them."
,Recommended,252630,7741085,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Anipuma,"Great fun. Pretty easy on the first run-through. NG+ pushes the difficulty up. The thing I like the best about this game is the fact that your tactical choices have real impact on how you play the game. Do you use your magic and burn through your money, or do you save the money for weapons and health and forgo the magic. Very fun, lookingofrward to the rumored expansion."
,Recommended,252630,7459262,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Kyven,Ignore the Minecraft-like graphics. It's really survival-horror Dishonored in procedurally generated dungeons.
76561197976721810,Recommended,252630,7895483,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Fred Lobster,"I don't think I've had this large a change of heart on a game in a long while. Going into Eldritch, I lost hope almost immediately. A combination of mediocre voxel environments, cartoonish bad guys, goofy sound effects, and stab-happy gameplay just didn't really jive with the whole Lovecraftian aesthetic it claimed to be rocking. Thirty minutes in I'd realized I'd come across pretty much every item I was going to see. An hour in and I'd conquered the first world, having at no time felt threatened by anything I faced. I entered world 2 for a few minutes, finding more of the same. Apart from my grudging admiration for the simple-yet-effective 3D minimap the game uses, I came to the conclusion that there was nothing here worth playing any further for. Bored and angry, I set the game aside for a while, wondering why anyone would publish so straightforward and sloppy a first-person shooter and decide to slap a Lovecraft theme on it.Coming back to it on a whim, I re-entered world 2 and dug a little deeper. Suddenly, things were different. The difficulty spiked up nicely, adding opponents that required actual strategy, that I couldn't just flail wildly at and never worry about again, that left me feeling more than a little nervous. And then I died, though I'm not exactly sure how. I rushed back in, suddenly stripped of all my magic armaments and life boosts, and last less than half as long. Eventually, I figured out what's going on, learned how to dodge the traps, realized that stealth and discretion are actually necessary to survive, and on I went to a fun, twitchy, jumpy run through the rest of this Eternal Darkness / Spelunky / Minecraft hybrid. It's not terribly deep; as I said earlier, you find the vast majority of the items you'll ever see in level 1, and while the monsters do evolve over time, there's not a huge amount of variety here. Oftentimes, new monsters will simply be beefier and shoot faster, but there's enough weirdness thrown in to keep the game fresh. Also, be aware that this is in fact a roguelike. Dying sets you back to the start with just short of all your progress erased, but thankfully this is a game which rewards knowledge every bit as much as it does lots of ammo and a pair of stealth boots.Don't go into this expecting any kind of dignified cosmic horror experience. It's sloppy, it's fun, and it's got some nice retro vibes to it hearkening back to the first person shooters of yore. If you're not sure if Eldritch is going to be for you, gauge your reaction to the phrase, ""Cthulhu vs. the Ninja Assassin."" If that mental image doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, well hey, here's your chance to see it in action."
,Recommended,252630,7756411,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Facewizard,"Eldritch is a lightweight but fun action-roguelike with a Lovecraftian theme.Eldritch is a roguelike, but it's a surprisingly easy one-- I finished the game for the first time after only about 7 or 8 total hours of play. Certain strategies make completion much easier, and the most difficult level out of the four is the second one. Since you can take the levels on in whatever order you like, you can optimize your playthrough to make beating the second level easier. If you're used to recent commerical roguelikes like The Binding of Isaac, The Dungeons of Dredmor, and others, Eldritch may seem very lightweight, very easy, and kind of simplistic. The bizarre difficulty curve-- with the second level being so much harder than even the secret fourth level-- may also be a bit of a disappointment.Nevertheless, it's fun, well-made, and a good way to entertain yourself for 8 hours or less. The simple art is charming in its own way, and exploring to find your favorite strategies and item synergies is certainly entertaining."
,Recommended,252630,18039352,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Audish,"The last few years have seen a huge influx of Roguelikes, games that feature permadeath and heavily randomized elements. Roguelike FPSes are few and far between, so finding a good one is a rare treat. Eldritch is just that, inspired by the works of Lovecraft and pitting you against dungeons of lurking horrors. It started out solid and has only grown moreso over time, thanks to the continuing efforts of its single developer.Eldritch plops you into a mysterious library full of books that spirit you away to unearthly dungeons. The main game is three books linking to dungeons holding the souls of elder gods. Once you find the soul in one dungeon, the book to the next opens up. Each dungeon is three areas with three floors each, split into randomized chunks and scattered with items and enemies. You'll find artifacts that work as both currency and spellcasting reagents, weapons like knives and guns and dynamite, equippable gear that gives you very useful abilities, and altars that teach you new spells. These tools will help you navigate the floors and deal with the host of unsavory types trying to stop you from claiming the souls.Despite the cosmic horror backdrop, Eldritch works best as an action game. The movement of your character is reminiscent of older games like Quake, letting you slide around at inhuman speeds. The enemies are a mixed bag, with some like the frogmen and cultists being little more than cannon fodder. You will encounter others like relentless, all-consuming shoggoths and tall creatures that cannot be killed that will complicate your travels and send shivers up your spine. Each book has a clever cross-section of foes that form a confounding package and demand stealth and caution. Some can be frustrating before you learn how to deal with them, but the challenge is well-balanced.The enemies are the real source of fear and tension in the game, despite their cartoony appearance. A lot of games have tried to ape the look and feel of Minecraft, but Eldritch pulls it off well, imparting the same dread that skeletons and creepers do in tight spaces. The block grid nature of the levels can help you space your jumps and keep your bearings, and there are even tools for breaking through walls and creating new blocks. The sound design is minimal, and while a few of the ambient enemy noises don't work you will learn to dread those of the more troublesome foes.In addition to the three main dungeons, there's an extended ice-themed dungeon based on At the Mountains of Madness, and a timed score-attack mode set in a hellish asylum. The developer added both of these post-launch, and continued to re-tune the game to great effect. I played Eldritch back when it launched and it is an even better game now, with more threatening enemies and better balance. As a Roguelike, an FPS, and even a horror game, I can earnestly recommend this one."
76561197983630285,Recommended,252630,9883269,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Enoch,"A highly delicious and aesthetically pleasing stealth ""Rogue-like"" FPS mash-um-up. I'm particularly fond of good gameplay and Eldritch definitely delivers. It has character. It has atmosphere. It has giant tentacle blobs that phase through openings and chase you down until you're crying for more bullets!On the surface it may appear rather dullishly action packed repetitive nonsense, but the simplicity and attention to detail is what makes titles like Eldritch so awesome. There's a high degree of insanity to be had in a hundred different scenarios if you are willing to reach into your creative coffers and pull out a magic rabbit.There are times when you've out-maneuvered and out-brained a few dozen baddies and start wondering where the challenge lies only to slip on a broken tile and be man handled by a couple of living statues that certainly have nothing but sinister intentions.You ressurect and steel yourself for another run only to realize it's even MORE difficult in deprivation of your gadgets and fancy schwahza (Props if you get the reference). How to continue but change your playstyle to suit your capabilities?By challenging you to use your smarts in one wickedly strange environment that increases in difficulty you get a definite ""edge of your seat"" feeling at almost every moment.Highly captivating in almost every way, I just can't help but feeling like I want more. Give it a larger and more persistent map, as well as multiplayer with even more scaled difficulty and a bunch of new mobs/items/spells and Eldritch would be one of the most amazing titles ever as far as I'm concerned.Without a doubt, highly unique and worth every penny either way."
76561198129788707,Recommended,252630,28639406,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,wizardbox,"This one surprised me. I remember reading reviews of it a few years ago, but didn't grab it until it was on sale this holiday season. Despite being a huge fan of Lovecraft mythos, the graphics were painfully reminiscent of Minecraft, so I wrote it off as a cheap knockoff trying to sell itself by meming Cthulhu.i was wrong - there is a very clever dungeon crawler underneath the deceptively crude visuals. The cryptic non-traditional game structure succeeds in evoking the sense of ""cosmic horror"" made famous by HP Lovecraft's classic stories. The writing is pretty solid, the atmosphere is appropriately bleak and tense, and the various Deep Ones, Cthonians, etc, are immediately recognizable to any fan of HPL. The creators of this game have succeeded in capturing the spirit of the mythos moreso than some much larger and better-funded developers who have attempted to tackle the same subject matter.The best part is, the devs showed reverence to the classic stories without fancy graphics, cutscenes, nor cheesy schlock horror jump scares - they left the true horrors up to our own imaginations. Players will find themselves wanting to explore deeper and deeper, even though nothing but ever-increasing entropy awaits.The sense of being punished for our own curiousity is the true essence of the Cthulhu mythos, which has been lost general audiences ever since Cthulhu became a meme.This game was lovingly crafted.It's okay, you can thumbs down this review for that last bit."
76561198042959277,Recommended,252630,33014046,Posted: 29 June,all,Peter,"I purchased this game during the 2017 summer sale, where it was $1.50. I would wager it's even worth its original asking price, despite that being 10 times what I payed for it. The game is incredibly well designed, has an actually interestingly done low-poly art style that still conveys the creatures as being terrifying, really good sound design and atmosphere in general. This game is a really great intersection of rogue-lite and horror, and I think we could use more original ideas in both genres. It does an excellent job of immersing you in this gorgeous, hilarious and terrifying lovecraft world that, while small, is incredibly challenging in a very fair way. It also recieves free DLC-updates every so often and even without those in consideration, beating the game on a ""full victory"" can range the average player about 15-30ish hours depending on skill in the genre and learning ability. The DLCs also add some fun diversions and a really interesting area to explore that is almost as large as the rest of the game world combined. A 10/10 game in my book, hugely recommend."
,Not Recommended,252630,7909370,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Synthia Vice,"If I didn't love Lovecraft as much as I do, I would hate myself for having bought this.It's a rudimentary game at best. I enjoyed the atmosphere, but there's hardly anything to do. You basically just wander, shoot enemies that always respawn when looted, and that's about it. It's not worth the price being charged on the store. Perhaps if it had some kind of moddability so people could add more content, but as is, I can't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,252630,9028606,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Buttonbasher,"A game that presents you with everything you need from the start, and casually waits for you to learn its rules. It's a really refreshing time, and a pretty player friendly entry point into the roguelike/immersive sim genre. Levels are procedurally generated, but work from established tile sets that lead to familiar feeling levels; despite their randomized nature. It never feels unfair. The progression curve just feels really great. Definitely check this game out."
76561198000564041,Recommended,252630,12824091,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jefequeso,"Eldritch is the sort of game I would easily recommend to anyone, because I think just about anyone could have fun with it.  Like shooting things?  Play Eldritch.  Like sneaking around?  Play Eldritch.  Like setting traps?  Play Eldritch.  Like navigating mazes?  Play Eldritch.  Don't like navigating mazes?  Play Eldritch.  I can't imagine anyone not getting at least some enjoyment out of it.  Look past its homespun visuals and simple mechanics and you'll find a sophisticated experience that's best described as Dishonored seen through the lens of Binding of Isaac, written by H.P Lovecraft, with Minecraft's makeup and wardrobe, and a little sprinkle of adorable terror.  If that doesn't sell the game to you, I don't know what will."
76561198065994721,Recommended,252630,10716584,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,allstar.lewis,"Good value, addictive and atmospheric, with lots of replay value. Would recommend for fans of roguelikes, first person adventures games, etc. Just watch out for shoggoths."
,Recommended,252630,13110474,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Great audio; mob sounds are noticeably irksome+ Interesting art style and level design+ Simple, minimalist game-mechanics+ Absolutely palpable atmosphere+ Decent mob variety- Endless fetch-quests; game encompasses little more than finding keys, coins, and exits- Quickly becomes redundant- Bare-bones mob AILockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,252630,16007001,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Browniemixx,"Well, I went into this thinking that it wasn't gonna scare me, then later down in the first level I encounter a shoggoth and as soon as I found out those things can climb and go through doors I just noped my way out of there and I've still yet to brave the unknown of what lies in the rest of this terrifying title"
76561197980238865,Recommended,252630,12394563,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Blarghalt,"Don't let the trailer fool you; this game is surprisingly creepy. Not only that, but it's a roguelike in the truest sense: the foolhardy are punished, the cautious are rewarded, and Lady Luck is a fickle mistress.While you'll probably beat this game over a weekend over even in an afternoon, it's worth the modest price."
,Recommended,252630,18945844,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"I'm not quite sure where to start with this, so I'll just jump right in.In case it wasn't obvious, it's a first-person dungeon-based adventure / roguelike with a definitive goal and end.  Quite interesting for its simplicity with a good amount of replay value.  Difficulty provides a constant sense of tension, but I feel it's far from unfair or impossible.  Very easy to drop in and drop out, making it very accessible at all points of the game, and makes it available for short spurts of attention - not something you have to dedicate to.  Graphics might be simple, but I do think they're appropriate, and far from truly ""minecrafty"".  Length of the game itself is very highly dependant on your skill, tactics, luck, and level of exploration and curiosity, but it isn't very long, relatively speaking.You get a lot of freedom over your tactics and approach, what with destructible blocks, a stealth system, and a small variety of tools that all serve their own unique purpose.  Finding a special power from a shrine adds to the creative mix.Going into much more detail would spoil some of the fun of discovery.  Lovely game, especially on sale.(Apparently I had never given this game my good graces till now.  Unfortunate!)"
,Recommended,252630,12743914,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,H.I. McDunnough,"I first heard about ""Eldritch"" from a friend,  When I checked it out I was like, ""Ooooo goody ANOTHER '8bitesque' indie FPS"".  Well it was on sale for 1.94  and I had some spare change and my friend finally pressured me into checking it out.WOWThis game is really, really, REALLY cool.  I have never played anything like it.  First person, randolmly generated, dungeon crawling at it's best.  Also the game really doesn't explain itself so it is up to you to figure it out.  Really neat little game."
,Recommended,252630,16604218,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NIL0S,Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
76561198078999276,Recommended,252630,13724110,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mountain_elf,"Eldritch perfectly captures the strange worlds of HP Lovecraft. Chosen graphical stylisation suits here, between pixels, my imagination fills the gaps, it invokes images of unknown terrors and alien landscapes. Eerie sound design gives this game another (otherworldly) dimension, i was so drawn in, that i tried to look beyond corners from my chair :) Danger of permadeath only heightens the immersion, it coerced me to give my best on every try - to hide from monsters, search every corner for useful items and avoid deadly traps. Eldritch truly evokes sense of wonder and dread, as the player explores these strange and unknown worlds."
76561198072680595,Recommended,252630,32194256,Posted: 5 June,all,benvlieg,"Eldritch is a rogue-like first person shooter. The player has to het 3 items in 3 randomly generated dungeons to escape. Each dungeons is accessed by interacting with a book. There is only one book available in the beginning. Each dungeons has n number of floors and enemies. The enemies are very lovecraftian and very challenging in a group.There is also a chance that a dungeon can contain a shop. Items are purchases by couns found through out the dungeons. If a player doesn't have enough money for that one item they really need, they can steal it. That is usually a bad idea because the shop keepers will attack you and are almost impossible to kill (it's possible but highly unlikely).The gameplay is great and a player will have to use steal to survive as ammo can be rare and the player can't take a lot of hits. There are also a variety of artifacts that can be found and gives the player power ups.The graphics are very minecraft like with low poly models inhabiting the blocky dungeons. The style fits the game well and the blocky dungeons allows fot the opportunity to blow walls up if the player has the right gear."
,Recommended,252630,27243827,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[UW]-bruce,Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
,Recommended,252630,20214763,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MrBrickfreak,"It's sad to see that this gem was lost in a dark heap of indie games, part of which isn't subject to comparison.I very much like H. P. Lovecraft's works, so, this game is impregnated by the interesting themes for me.Fishman,Cultist,Lizard,penguin...dark atmosphere,magnificent and atmosferic ost,difficulty,speed...Speed in this game surprises me, not because I am playing from first person, just becausethe speed of gameplay is increasing by in process of your skill growing.Try to beat this game with clamping Shift and jumping all the time, it's interesting feeling I say.This game taught me that dynamite is my best friend, and that dynamite can always open a passage for you everyplace where you want to go.Oh god...somebody making weird sound...IN MY HOUSE!Okay, this review ia over, I have to go and worship the great ǫ͜͏g̶̶̢̛a͠ḑ͡i͞n̴̡͜...In conclusion, this game is worth the paid, and I want to see MOAR games like this in the future."
76561198033602078,Not Recommended,252630,11810956,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Citronvand,"I beat this game after 2 hours and I see no reason to play it again. It just has too little content, there's no character progression, there's barely any items to use. You will find daggers and guns (specifically a revolver) everywhere, I used them the whole game. While there is very few additional weapons, they are one time use for example bottles and dynamite. The problem here is that you can only have 2 weapons on you so if you want to pick up a dynamite you have to get rid of either the gun or the dagger and that is not something you want to do. Since the gun has limited ammunition and the dagger has no range.There's just so little stuff in the game. You will have pretty much the exact same experience whenever you start a new game since you will use the same weapons and there's no class/leveling system or anything to make your character unique."
76561198031769444,Recommended,252630,10032088,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Voidmaster05,"The difficulty curve is sudden and steep. This may not be readily apparent the first time you play the game, but after you die once, the game will suddenly become a great deal more atmospheric and involving. I do recommend!"
,Recommended,252630,16673565,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,quaint folksy quicksand,"Eldritch is a first-person stealth roguelike.That said, the stealth aspect is optional, fighting things head-on or making a mad dash for the exit is just as valid.Everything's carefully crafted and tuned so the game feels like a scarier Spelunky.Yes, it's scary. Don't let the blocky graphics fool you, Eldritch is very unsettling thanks to its sound design and and enemy behaviour. You're always a few mistakes away from death, you can see and hear them, it makes you want to hide and never get out of your corner, but you need to proceed and face them.However, as you learn enemy behaviours and feel more competent, you'll also feel safer and more in control. Each of the 5 levels starts out terrifying and becomes familiar with practice."
,Recommended,252630,7642490,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,DoomandDaggers,"This game is a fun game for those who like action games with a challenging difficulty and for fans of H. P. Lovecraft. As a fan of both, I enjoy the gameplay of Eldritch as the graphics have a retro yet updated feel to them that makes the game more appealing for me personally. It's a fun action game that combines the challenge of puzzles in fighting enemies taken straight from the mind of Lovecraft with level names such as Nyarlathotep, it really is a unique game. Highly reccommended for all."
76561198044087373,Recommended,252630,23758089,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[WBW] Botched Attempt,"Like a low-poly, roguelike, procedurally generated, Lovecraftian Dishonored."
,Recommended,252630,12421091,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SleepyReaper,"The best part about Eldritch is that you can play it how you want, and the items help make it work for you. Be super stelthy, parkour, kill everyone, don't kill anyone, be a mage, do whatever you want. It's a fun game and good for anyone who likes a nice little adventure game, with some tasty sprinklings of Lovecraft."
,Recommended,252630,17681845,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,frumple,"It's genuinely dark and creepy, with a few lighter, more humorous touches.Azazeroth or something entered the Asylum and i was told to run!Forgot where the exit was, kept bumping into things i didn't want to disturb.I couldn't find the exit! Tripped over something or someone or some thing!Got one-hit killed.I think i wet myself.Tense and gloomy because of the combination of sound and lighting, with dark writing that's going to make horror fans happy. Or miserable, as the case may be. Enemies are ""interesting"" let's say. A good kind of ""interesting. Or miserable...I haven't played enough to give a thought-provoking verdict, but i can say this is a very well made game set in a sinister setting that's exactly what it says on the tin: A thick creepy first person horror rougelite with exploration and stealth.If you're not a fan, it will at least entertain you!"
,Recommended,252630,23356098,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,pizzanui,"Just like Crypt of the Necrodancer (fantastic game btw) this game combines two concepts which wouldn't seem to work well together on paper. Those two concepts are stealth and dungeon crawling. Somehow, Eldritch manages to pull this strange combo off excellently, creating a difficult, tense, edge-of-your-seat experience so chalk-full of the Cthulhu Mythos it's practically got a Hound of Tindalos emerging from one of the corners of your monitor. The campaign may be short, but it is challenging enough to stump you for a while and it makes up for the short length with excellent replay value. The only major shortcoming of the game is that death, while not permanent in any way, feels quite defeating after staying alive for a long time, which has caused me to stop playing on more than one occasion, even while streaming. This is not an issue unique to Eldritch: many drawn-out roguelikes also suffer from it, but it is still unfortunate where it pops up. That being sid, the game is extremely enjoyable, and certainly worth your money, especially if you know your lore."
,Recommended,252630,19947521,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Side,"*Find revolver*Walk around*See gyrating fish-man*Fish-man sees me*Runs towards me*Shoot him*He lives*Shoot him again*He dies*Loot him*Go into shop*Shopkeeper is a freaky fish-man*Panic and shoot him*He takes 5 bullets to the head and doesn't die*Shoots a fish egg at me*I'm at 1hp*He runs up to me and explodes*We both die*The shop is in ruins11/10 best gameP.S. Never, not even once, have I been happier to find a rock in my life, only to then smack a cultist in the face with it."
76561198027044190,Not Recommended,252630,16181100,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,dpunch4,"I really enjoyed this game. It's a solid rogue-lite with great mechanics and a fluid feel. It's simple, sweet and Lovecraft!!It's just not $15 USD good. This is a $5-$10 game at most. It's easily beaten and everything in the trailer turns out to be the whole game. If you have the spare cash go ahead. If it's on sale please buy it. But I regret spending $15."
,Recommended,252630,12400350,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,TheWzzard,"SIMPLE EFFECTIVE DESIGN ALL AROUND!The GUTSsimple effective graphics that are cute AND creepyexcellent sound designgameplay that ebbs and flows, combines thoughtful stealth with risky actionlimited inventory makes small decisions about what tools and spells to bring with you very meaningfulcontroller supportthe difficult and compact randomized play experience offers replay value"
76561198052714314,Not Recommended,252630,11804843,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Proxy,"For the truth, I want to recommend this game, but sadly in it's current form it's not much of a whole game.It will be interesting, sure but it has for me very little content. This wins some points for being uniquely minimalist and for random levels, spooky atmosphere, and the great framerate. But this also means that there are a great deal of meaningless rooms, freaky but not challenging enemies, and minimalist graphics. If the developer had made the hands less ridiculous looking and gave the game a difficulty setting where enemies would be faster and such, then the game would really pack a greater punch. It's worth getting on sale though."
,Recommended,252630,20455119,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,potroastboy99,"never thought i'd ever have to say this, but i hate lizard statues."
,Recommended,252630,12309794,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,samhears,"Besides the randomly generating levels, the true highlight of this game is the blending of rogue-like and real time stealth. Graphics get the job done but more dynamic lighting would definatley help the look and add to the terror."
,Recommended,252630,9643109,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Doomhanger,"This game is absolutely awesome. I like the atmosphere, the gameplay and the inspirations that are taken from the lovecraftian Cthulhu mythos. The blocky graphics my put some off, but if you like this stlye, there should be literally nothing stopping you from trying out this game. Dungeons are procedurally gennerated which will keep you entertained well beyond the first playthrough. Wich is hard enough to do, since this game borrows quite heavily from the rougelike genre. Top notch, 5/5"
,Recommended,252630,7755241,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Telefrog,"My review of Eldritch:http://www.quartertothree.com/fp/2013/11/11/eldritch-cutest-gosh-darned-lovecraftian-horror-youll-ever-see/Summary: There is something moving around on the other side of this wall. I can hear it shuffling and dripping some kind of unspeakable ichor as it slides over the ruined stonework. I have only my knife and a rock to keep me safe in this cyclopean hell and I must make it back to the relative safety of the labyrinthine library. A giggle rises from my lips, but I quickly silence myself. I cannot afford to lose my sanity in these deep corridors. I creep forward, darting my view in all directions. Suddenly, there is a dreadful noise behind me! I turn whilst steeling myself against this fresh horror… Awwww! It’s just the sweetest looking Deep One I’ve ever laid my eyes on! Come here, li’l guy! Come – OH GOD, WHY IS IT KILLING ME?"
,Recommended,252630,11797140,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,TheStook,"I love this game.  The controls are crisp, gameplay is fantastic.  The atmosphere is surprisingly immersive.  Roguelike FPS.  The difficulty on normal is moderate but the hard mode is quite the challenge.  The new Mountains of Madness version is pretty challenging and fun too!"
,Recommended,252630,12442200,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Astrelt,"Buy this game, Just do it. Don't let it's primitive graphics fool you, This is one tasty dungeon crawler, and a one of a kind too.  There just isn't a game better to show you into an unknown enviroment, with lurking monsters and the looming sense of danger. The sound is amazing, the graphics are good enough and the gameplay is sweet! I reccomend you play with headphones and at night for a better experience."
,Recommended,252630,8749848,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Hacho,"Very good game, gives a chill down my spine when I know I'm gonna play. very good scary mix. no jumpscares either, just good,  creepy enemies, and a good twist of fun.DAMN FISH MEN GET ME EVERY TIME! 2 SPOOKY 4 ME!8.5/10 or a B-"
,Recommended,252630,8671862,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,John Doe,"Thief with randomly generated levels made by former BioShock 2/Borderlands developers.Hard enough to provide you a challenge; creepy (despite the graphics).And yes, Call of Cthulhu universe."
,Recommended,252630,25194198,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,moonsquig,"A charming take on the roguelike genre and an endearing interpretation Lovecraft's work. Eldritch is the perfect game to pick up and play in those spare 10 or 20 minutes you have, clear a dungeon and retrieve a soul and then call it a day.The environments in the three books are each different offering unique challenges for you to overcome. I personally found the Book of Nyarlathotep to be the most difficult, with its lizard men, tall and creepy elder mummies and weeping-angel-esque lizard statues. All of which can spell doom for the unwitting explorer. The lizard men have powerful ranged attacks and will also dodge to evade attacks. Meanwhile the taller mummies can spot the player more easily due to their height, deal 2 points of damage and have the unfortunate property of being immortal, only being stunned temporarily by the players attacks. The final, most terrifying denizen residing within the book of Nyarlathotep is the lizardman statues. The only creature in the game to legitimately scare me as I thought they were only a decoration. They act much like the weeping angels from doctor who or SCP 173 from SCP Containment Breach. Unless you keep them within your field of view they will spring to life dealing 2 damage per hit until the player looks at them again. However they will not attack until awakened, this is when a player either strays too close or makes a lot of noise from combat. This terrifying moment is signalled by the sound of cracking stone and a shower of dust from the statue. The player must then keep the statue in their line of site until there is a wall between them and the statue, all the while avoiding whatever other creatures are lurking around. Oh and did I mention the only way to kill them is with dynamite... and it doesn't always work. Yes, the statues are easily the most dangerous enemy in the game.Now these are just the denizens unique to Nyarlathotep, each book including the free DLC; The Mountains of Madness all have there own monstrous menagerie of creatures from fish men to flying polyps all intent on ending your little frolic through their subterranean homes. The monsters are my favorite part of the game and for me are what gives Eldritch its charm.However that's not all. The game also has a variety of powers to choose from. Only allowing the player to equip one power at a time makes for difficult decisions as to how you play the game. I personally found the teleport power to be very useful for a more stealthy approach being able to avoid enemies or entire rooms. The player also has different equipment to choose from, boots, kits and amulets all providing different bonuses allowing for a different style of play each playthrough. Interestingly enough this playstyle is often very much dictated by what you find whilst traversing the dungeons.Which brings us on to the next aspect the Dungeons and overall level design. Eldritch features a procedurally generated, tiled dungeon system, meaning every dungeon crawl will be different. The dungeons themselves are diverse, filled with traps, loot and hiding places often giving the player a variety of options as to how they proceed through the level.Overall I thoroughly recommend Eldritch as a light hearted take on the Lovecraftian genre and a fun roguelike experience."
,Recommended,252630,23814841,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GilmooDaddy,"What Eldritch lacks in depth or content, it certainly makes up for in atmosphere. This pixelated blend of Minecraft and an H.P. Lovecraft novel is a journey that should not be missed by anyone. The gameplay is simple: Enter a dungeon, sneak your way around taking out creepy enemies, collect goodies to boost your character, and live long enough to claim the souls at the bottom. While by no means Slenderman, Outlast, or anything of the sort, Eldritch has its share of jump scares. Thanks to the wonderfully spooky sound design, the moans of enemies around every corner is sure to send a chill or two down your spine. The only negative here, as mentioned by many others, is the punishing and unrewarding permadeath (of sorts), which robs you of all currency, inventory, and health boosts, sending you back to the hub. Find yourself a good strategy and understanding of the levels and enemies, and you can avoid this altogether, but it's definitely annoying the first time.This is not Dungeons of Dredmore. You won't find yourself boosting stats, running through the story multiple times with various builds and stat trees, nor will you rake in dozens of hours of gameplay. This is OK though. Eldritch is a small but beautful package well worth the look. It won't last you long, but Eldritch is certainly enjoyable while it lasts."
,Recommended,252630,7924125,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,dj___,"Engish: My friend is found Pirate Version on small russian site... I'm try to play this «new strange game» on his notebook... and I like it! Soon became a enormous fan, I bought it on Steam, translate, read all news, etc! So, I recommend it to you with great certitude! It is worth the money!Українською: Мій друг випадково помітив піратську версію гри на невеличкому російському сайті... Я вирішив спробувати пограти у «новеньку дивну гру» на його ноутбуці... і чорт забирай, вона мені сподобалася! Незабаром я став запеклим шанувальником, придбав гру на Steam'ові, переклав її на українську, слідкую за всіма новинами, тощо! Тож, я щиро рекомендую вам цю гру! Вона варта витрачених грошей!"
76561198053249987,Not Recommended,252630,10088477,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Present,"Not worth it. After a few hours a gameplay, thing start somewhat repeating but just diffrent monsters. Its fun at first, but sometimes things get stressful when playing. Take your money and play something else. This game has a good ""style"" But a update on the game that adds more things to play with would be more fun. 5/10"
,Recommended,252630,23987782,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Great and Benvelont Glod,"This game is genuinely so fun and derpy, despite being more derpy it's entertaining and immersive as poop holy intercourseIf it's on sale, get it.please.it's not worth £10 but <£8 defo"
76561197983306090,Recommended,252630,28847518,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,7Hit Combo,"“Welcome stranger! Please buy something, Gulp! Gulp! I have so many good things in my shop.”You wake up in a library, you don't know who you are and why you are here and you set off to explore every nook and cranny to overcome your amnesia. When you first begin to explore you realize you’re in a giant endless library where no one is around but you and the piles of books. While further exploring you will be introduced with the game’s way of interacting with you through books you find in the library, things such as the games tutorial and the history of the library and finding a no where to be seen explorer’s journal.Soon after you explore the library you will understand that the library serve as the hub-world of the game, There are three magical books that when touched any of them you will be teleported to another world infested with enemies, traps and what lays beyond the cosmic horrific veil.You have to navigate your way level after level looking for the exit and if you were to be killed in the process all your possessions of weapons and Artifacts (in world currency) will be lost, unless you exit the level and without dying and stash the Artifacts in your treasure chest, which located in the library.Engaging enemies directly, stealthily or even avoiding the enemies are all possible in Eldritch, but i have found avoiding enemies while searching for the exit is best as it sets the mood with the creative ambient soundtrack, the soundtrack is so smartly composed as it give you the feeling that someone is constantly brushing his hand on the back of your neck, keeping you constantly looking back and forth looking out for enemies while searching for the exit. Many fascinating gameplay elements can be found in Eldritch, such as if you kill an enemy you can loot him BUT if you loot him he will spawn once again within the level, this is such a smart element to implement in a roguelike game as it test your greed to upgrade against your fear of losing it all.The level design is wonderfully imagined with different themes in every world changing the art direction, enemy design and music. In Eldritch the world is randomly generated which make every play through rich with the feeling of exploration especially since the gameplay design revolves around you navigating your way to the exit and this is wonderfully complemented with the use of the Dynamite that let you open destroy walls and floors granting you further progression into the level.The enemy design is very simple on paper but when experienced within Eldritch’s world it’s a totally different story as the richly ambient world shines some of these enemies such as the crocodile statue, if you get too close to him and look away he will attack you when he isn't in your field of view. This is only one example of how the enemies act and react to you in Eldritch.Your arsenal consist of what can be found within the worlds you travel to, laying all around the levels or bought in one of the shops that are also located within the levels. but you may only carry two weapons at a time, you can find weapons such as a pistol or crossbow that can shoot traps, a knife, a bottle or just a rock or my favorite, Dynamite that not only serves as a mean to kill enemies but to also destroy walls and floors to get to other areas. You may also go bare bones and use your fists to take down enemies.Moreover you can find equipment to help you in your journey, you have three equipment slots one for an amulet  that can increase the damage you deal to enemies or a compass that will guide you to the exit or a lucky charm that will let you find more loot.The second equipment slot is for training kits such as a kit that will let you eat the corpses of certain creatures for additional cost. Another is a medical kit that will grant you a second life without resurrecting to the library, as long as you have the artifacts to pay for. Another is a locksmith kit that will let you unlock doors and put locks on doors. The third slot is for your foot wear, as you can equip boots that let you jump higher or run faster.More powers can be acquired to help you on your journey can be granted after you pray for a statue, you will be granted powers such as higher jump or creating a portal that when you use your power anywhere in the level it will return you back to where you created it. These powers can be used with the cost of artifacts for each use.In Eldritch the narrative is told through the art direction, in a dream like world or through another traveler's diary log as you find them all throughout the game. But the player’s story is told by the player themselves as they travels through three worlds escaping every danger met or facing it head on.The horrors you encounter in in your journey tell a story in their movement, sound and actions. Every escape you accomplish and every stealth kill you execute or even every time you look back with the feeling of an enemy sneaking up behind you; all of these scenarios are plot points built by the player in his journey. Soon after further exploring the library you understand who you are and what is your purpose in the world of Eldritch and you travel through three worlds to collect three souls to save the world from the near approaching doom.The sound complements the gameplay and amplifies the ambient cosmic horror Lovcraftian flavor with great sound design that mimics a simple squeak of a door or a wind blowing through a narrow opening. On the other hand the sound design of the enemies is taken with a bit of comical approach whether it was an intended design choice or not, I've found that it compliments the Lovecraftian flavor.Eldritch is a simple looking first person, roguelike indie game with a graphical presentation reminiscent of Minecraft but galvanized with the cosmic horror flavor of Lovcraft’s Cthulhu mythos mixed with the aspect of the randomly generated world and a new game plus mode I can see myself sinking hours after hours playing Eldritch with a great sense of freshness every time going in. I can highly recommend the game to any fan of the genre.SCORE: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,252630,14043655,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,The Medicine Peddler,"Your first playthrough of Eldritch will be great. Its all downhill from there, however, as with each playthrough the current content grows staler and staler as you realize you have basically seen everything the game has to offer. The game has a wonderful premise, and suprisingly good atmosphere. But the issue is that once everything stops being fresh and new, the shallowness of the gameplay is revealed. Eldritch is not a bad game by any means, but 15 dollars seems a bit steep considering the ammount of content."
76561198022790788,Recommended,252630,32365271,Posted: 12 June,all,This won't end well.,A very fun roguelite experience in an H.P. Lovecraft cover. I would very much recommend it if you are interested in either of those things.
76561197970222712,Recommended,252630,7969794,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,K$,"Yes, the graphics are pants. The rest of the game, however, is a pretty decent roguelike and from the somewhat more unusual first-person perspective for those kind of games. The gameplay and gameplay polish are both solid, which is a lot more than one can say for games that look a lot nicer. The story is a bit through-away, however. I did want more... in terms of items, types of monsters, etc. $15 is maybe a bit steep for it, but if it was on sale, then if you like roguelikes, it could be worth it."
76561198027403472,Recommended,252630,12782301,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,zembra,"I love this little game!It's basic characteristics are perhaps best presented in list form:- first-person- procedurally-generated- stealth, exploration, combat- permadeath- limited health and items- low-poly art style- ""cartoon lovecraft"" themeI'm not great at FPS games (not terrible, I hope, but not great), and for me Eldritch has a  perfectly balanced difficulty curve. There are three worlds, which are generated on each runthrough, and you have to make it through all three to unlock a final stage, and then survive that stage to win, all without dying once. This only takes an hour or so, but is tricky to pull off. (I've only done it twice, both times before Steam acheivements were added.) The first world is easy; the second one seems impossible at first. On each successful run, you deepen your knowledge of the game's systems, and gradually attain a pleasurable sense of mastery.There is also a ""New Game+"" mode and some additional challenges if you are way more hardcore than I.Despite the cartoony art style, the game has many genuinely tense moments and I think the visual and level design is really quite effective in conveying a weird and spooky world, governed by unfathomable rules and forces. And as with any good randomized world, I've had lots of hilarious/awesome emergent encounters/stories with the various beasties and environments.One of my only issues with the game is that certain combinations of abilities are really unbalanced. So much so that, once I find them in a given run, it's hard to give them up if I'm trying for a winning run. Withouth giving too much away, this is due to what I can only call game-breaking exploits that certain abilities enable.However, the issue of balance is certainly outweighed by the sheer joy I took when I first discovered the power of these degenerate strategies. I felt like a brilliant magical ninja. In any case, there are a modest number of abilities that are all really fun to play with even if they are not all equally powerful.All in all, I have huge respect for this game's designer (a single guy!) Eldritch shows a lot of care, dedication, restraint, and clarity of vision. There are a lot of simple but brilliant ideas in here, executed beautifully. (for example, after playing Eldritch I can't imagine why anyone would make an FPS without a run+crouch ""powerslide"" move.) It makes me want to make games myself.To top it off, the developer has released two *huge* free content updates since the game was released in 2013, and the game is pretty modestly priced to begin with. ($15, with frequent sales and bundles.) I highly recommend supporting him!"
,Not Recommended,252630,31710076,Posted: 12 May,all,Onion Knight,"So, so tedious. The random generation makes levels seem complex, but actually contain nothing of interest. Feels like a game prototype."
76561198013916101,Not Recommended,252630,10454114,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Smudge,"There are very few levels, the AI coding is extremely simplistic, there is little to nothing that makes this game Lovecraftian other than the enemy unit models, and it is in no way at all a Roguelike. This game might be worth 2 bucks at most, but not the 15 that I paid."
,Recommended,252630,19340207,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,penguin055,There's an item that lets you eat your enemies
,Recommended,252630,12019965,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Cirrus,Pros:An Argonian Weeping Angel laid stony destruction on my behind.Familiar blocky style.Fun for the whole cultist family.Cons:Cultists smell of Doritos.Familiar blocky style.Claustrophobia enducing environments.Overall:Is prty fun.  100/142
,Recommended,252630,28750375,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ARIEL,"Don't let the Minecraft-esque graphics fool you, this game is a surprisingly strong game in its own right. Not only is it a respectable dungeon crawler, it manages to be one of the most effective Lovecraftian games I've played, when compared to many, more high budget titles.I'm not sure if I'd have been willing to pay full price, despite the hours I've managed to sink into it so far, however on sale for less than $2, I think I've got money's worth several times over. 9/10"
76561198045593622,Recommended,252630,31891779,Posted: 21 May,all,Ping-999,"Minecraft+Lovecraft=This gameA perfect silly yet exciting adventureYour goal is to explore the dungeon and they are many way to achieve thatStealth--Throwing rocks to distract your enemies or set up traps for themParkour--Spring shoes and grappling hook make you feel like ninjaPickaxe&TNT--You probably already very good at thisGo nuts with a knife/gun or both--My favouriteMagic--For example,summon a ancient monster to kill everything that includes YOUBe careful if you die you will lose all your stuff10/10 would punch fishman in the face again"
,Recommended,252630,11836168,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,bfRheostat,"Eldritch somehow reminded me Montezuma's Return. In fact, Eldritch is unique old-fashioned thriller game with good gameplay. Game itself is hardcore, that means if you will die and can't revive yourself with Medical Kit, you have to start over again with different level layouts.Summarized pros and cons:+ Old-style distorted graphics (as in PSX games)+ Story is decent+ Simple but well made inventory/item system+ Randomly generated levels+ As i know, it has multiple endings.- Actually it has replayability (New Game+, Asylum and unique levels) but in the end, game itself doesn't make you feel like you have to play it again.- Even though it has a level generator, time by time some patterns are pretty same.- Stealth isn't a good option in this game."
,Recommended,252630,11856983,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,The Tunisian People,You play this game with these three rules:1. Creep around collecting supplies2. See an enemy and take it head on3. Realise you're outmatched and begin to sprint away and hideComplete steps 1-3 until either dead or the level is beaten.
,Recommended,252630,12240172,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Seleendria,"A rather enjoyable ""roguelike"" that pays good homage to its Lovecraftian roots, though a little overly cute at times (Those Shoggoths dawwww) and a little tedious when treking about blind. It is still a lot of fun and a great Lovecraft game in an empty sea of games that should be made based on Lovecrafts works!"
,Recommended,252630,23072893,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BiscuitBuff™,I loved this game! Its so creative! I loved the Creatures and the Level Design. You should Defintely give this game a try
,Recommended,252630,29534779,Posted: 27 January,all,soulhuntermmm,"You ever see that movie ""Reign on Me"" where Adam Sandler plays a guy whose family dies and literally all he wants to do is play Shadow of the Colossis forever? This game is like that for me, it's pretty much a masterpiece of roguelite. It's taken me almost 10 hrs to complete the game on my first playthrough. You can beat the game with very little but there's a lot of equipment to try out and I still haven't tried everything. Is it repetitive? Yes, but in the same way OG Demon's Souls was. You will die, you will lose everything (just like IRL), but I'd say there's enough variety to keep it interesting, multiple expansion levels a time attack/survival level and NG+. Every time you die EVERYTHING randomly generates all over again but you can save some currency in the bank. If you don't use any guides like me things will stay fresh and it'll take you much longer to beat but you'll have a better experience. If bad things keep happening in your life, an hour of Eldritch is much cheaper than therapy."
,Recommended,252630,21612401,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[TAW] Exiled King,This game is very interesting as in it is able to look so harmless but at times in this game it can be so stressful and heart pounding with those weeping angle lizards that scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Anything can be overcome with some TNT and any enemy can be beaten to a pulp with a rock... The stealth is a great addition too that allows you to be a true ninja.THIS IS THE REAL TOMB RAIDER!
76561198254818983,Recommended,252630,34712808,Posted: 3 September,all,Cyber Joey,"as soon i find my way out of the maze iwas in i get killed by a giant slime creature , I Love It."
,Recommended,252630,23869558,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Just Some Guy,"Wow.... That was great!This is my favorite kind of game, infinitely generated and has stealth meaning (To me infinite replayability but i'm sure most people don't like repetetive gameplay)Pro's:EverythingCons:No Co-op. I believe that it would be incredible with it.ShopKeeper is only within levels, it'd be nice if it was in the library, but i suppose that wouldn't make sense."
,Recommended,252630,23914472,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BriggZ,"Firstly, I have to say, WOW. This game♥♥♥♥♥♥all over my expctations. I'm only 3 hours in, but I must say, having only completed the first book and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the second, this will certainly be one of the few games I endevour to finish.I have never played anything like this game before, and was hesitant due to the graphics and procedural generation resembling minecraft (and everyone hates minecraft right?) but the overwhelmingly positive reviews made me spend the $1.49 US that it cost's at the time of this review. I must say, that $1.49 was well worth it. The first book is a great introduction to the game mechanics, and then the second feels like a completely different game (I may or may not have kicked my desk in fright after a screaming ghosts attacked me and i got penetrated by a statue). This game is full of surprises and is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!"
,Recommended,252630,7789408,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Malev Da Shinobi,"Wow. This games simple appearance doesn't accurately express it's charm and atmosphere. This game is immersive beyond most modern titles, the sounds and the sound track for each level are diverse and unsettling in every sense.You might feel that the game is easy off the bat, and in some ways, the game is easy - it's not the difficulty of the enemies that provides all of the challenge here.But the game falls back on players making the errors, in some ways, klling themselves due to lax in mindset, or not paying attention and falling prey to the games many traps. The environment is what is deadly,  and when coupled with the certain abilities of the enemies.. even more so.Risk/Reward is built in to almost every aspect. As the currency in the game, Artifacts- is the same thing that you use to cast spells. Making every action when low on health and artifacts incredibly on edge, and can lead to a very intense playthrough where pressing escape to take a breath is a advocated practice.I've not managed to beat the game, but I've gotten pretty far.The game offers 3 diverse, Lovecraftian based worlds, with enemies correlating to the particular demi-god of that world. A hub world, which is very cool- and 1 special world in which I've not managed to beat.All of which are procedurally(randomlly??) generated, which makes the levels seem very maze like, yet fresh and exciting- with twist and turns, ups and downs that can leave you feeling lost and desperate.Be careful though, 1 mistake and death can cost you your entire run. Caution is of the upmost importance.The lore of this game is sparse, but told in a simple straightforward way that works with your imagination, over blasting you with cinematics, or long explanations.It's worth mentioning, that I've delved into lovecraftian fiction works almost exclusively because of this game, just to learn more of the names of these gods, and to try and figure out these odd creatures I'm encountering.I've left out a lot of things from my words here.. because they are worth finding out for yourself.Don't skip out on this unique experience, for it's current price, and even full price. It's worth it."
,Recommended,252630,12263698,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,King of Miso,"Eldritch is a well rounded package; it has great graphics (for the style), amazing sound design, wonderful gameplay elements, smooth level generation and design, and tons of content.If you are a fan of rouguelikes and want something a bit different, that's not your average medieval dungeon-crawler, Eldritch is the way to go!"
,Recommended,252630,20175318,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Boltte,"I like this game. The graphics may not be overly impresive but the gameplay makes up for it.You're this person(guy or girl as you can change your appearance at the mirror), who seem to have arrived in a library and they have no idea how they got here. Your job is to read books, collect souls, beat up some monsters(or don't beat up and rather take the more cautious stealth route - or both) and win your freedom.=============================Played on: Dell Insprion 15 3521Windows 10 Home Edition x64, 8GB RAM, every other specs are stock."
,Recommended,252630,16376376,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,thedarklorde,"Eldritch is one of the finest examples I have seen of a game that has both simplicity and complexity harnessed in exactly the right measures. The result is a game that is both infintely enjoyable and completely understandable, which is a real rarity. When you couple that with the incredibly well-executed theme, and the sheer polished feel to the whole thing, Eldritch has earned itself a slot on my shelf of all-time-favorites.The concept is simple: get to the bottom, stay alive, retrieve the thing. But along the way, so many things can go so horribly, horribly wrong that the sense of satisfaction when you finally put your hand on your goal(s) is profound. Each world playes by its own rules and demands different approaches, while everything is at the same time built upon a consistent, understandable basis. Amazing. This is rogue-like done extraordinarily well.And, it's got Shoggoths. What's not to love."
,Recommended,252630,8508056,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rgk,"The graphics are minimalistic but the art and design actually make it work. The Lovecraftian inspiration is turned a bit cute and comical, but the art and some scary opponents are surprisingly effective and feel a bit creepy and uneasy at times to times. Especially with the great sound design, reminding of Doom with the weird sounds of the monsters that are lurking around.First person view is very very suitable to this exploration of randomly generated dungeons. The fighting feels good despite being a bit easy, but some opponents (especially in the second world) are so dangerous that the player experiences a genuine fear to be trapped by them.Despite the very good variety in opponents, the gameplay feels a bit repetitive after a death when the player has to try again from the start. Replayability is kind of the biggest problem I have with the game. At least some items allow to resurrect (at a cost). I think I would have preferred if the Dungeons/Worlds did not have to be all completed in one life, but instead were independent and harder to complete.So to sum up, I really liked the Lovecraftian theme, the exploration, and the dangerous and original opponents that sometimes made me feel as if I was in an Amnesia game. I didn't exactly like the way progress is registered. Overall, I was very surprised to actually have a very good time in this game despite its minimalistic looks."
,Recommended,252630,12515569,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Efi,"Hard, short, replayable, with a lot of optional gameplay mechanics, cool story, even harder modes. 200% recommended."
76561198168968355,Recommended,252630,32620123,Posted: 21 June,all,SuperSkrub,people are just mad about perma death cause they're bad lmao9/10 under-rated
76561197972329928,Recommended,252630,27633168,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Markside,Get lost in an artfully low-fi maze with a surprisingly effective atmosphere.
76561198025093178,Recommended,252630,11812063,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,ihKu47,"A fun rogue-like stealth title you can pick up and play for a few minutes at a time (game saves on exit), or be drawn in for significant periods of time - even if you initially intended to play just for a bit. The enemies may look all cute and cuddly but don't be fooled: after the first temple you're up against some mean SOB's and you have to either get good at dodging or really make use of your stealth skills. The difference in difficulty actually works in the game's favour for me; I can use the first temple to go and stab a few fish men when I want to just refresh in the middle of the day and get an actual challenge from the later levels.In addition to stabbing, shooting enemies you will get to make use of the powers of the Elder Gods, like hypnosis, and there will even be special weapons up ahead after the first temple. I won't spoil them for you, however. The strength of the game isn't in the gadgets though, but in the nicely polished gameplay that balances between sneaking, paying attention to your environment, looting and making a run for it when you find yourself in a sticky situation.If you enjoy stealth and want a title you can pick-and-play whenever you wish Eldritch is well worth the full 12€ price, and if it's on sale it's an absolute steal!"
76561198001092639,Recommended,252630,10888510,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Doctor Infinite,Sunn 0))) Concert Simulator 2014. 11/10
,Recommended,252630,24091221,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jinsai,"Equal parts frustrating and fun, this indie game combines elements of Minecraft, DOOM, and HP Lovecraft's mythos. If you're lucky, you can cadge together an over-powered build and stomp through. But you'll probably die and have to start over. Fun for a few hours."
76561198079258813,Recommended,252630,12738446,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,sabitakikai,"(Note: I have just started playing this game, but I wanted to write a review.)Do not let the simple, pixelated design of this game fool you. When I bought it, I was not expecting such a seemingly-simple game to be so unnerving, and yet, so interesting, that it was hard to stop playing it....the enemies are quite creepy, despite their plain appearances. I suppose it's the sound effects. But anyway, I will keep playing this game, and see where it takes me: But I hope others decide to check out this game, and not be turned away by things such as simple graphics, as I almost was."
,Recommended,252630,23073904,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,moontraveler12,"This game is pretty good. Being a lovecraft fan, I think this fits the atmosphere of his works very well. Also a very good roguelike."
76561198064475058,Recommended,252630,23127471,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,quebstion_mark,"Terrifying, intense, and addicting. Great game overall"
,Recommended,252630,12252242,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Scroobie,"The atmosphere and sound design are all that are needed to reccomend Eldritch, and that's without even considering the fantastic simple gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,252630,22728944,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,sauce,"i think this is one of the most fun/ original games that i have played in a long time,its  addicting and fun, it just keeps you going.an absolute recomendation for people who like adventurous, though, and stylish games"
,Recommended,252630,13878645,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nickcronomicon,"This Lovecraftian rogue-like/rogue-light is a super fun first-person dungeon explorer game. Furthermore, it's challenging in just the right amount and the rewards are equally balanced.Last night I had a near 'perfect' run, yet I fell into a hole and found myself trapped in the mountains of madness, the only thing I could do was to commit suicide with a rock.Son, that is some hardcore Lovecraftian horror. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,252630,14121525,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Gunslinger,"Well, let me start this review off by saying I am a huge fan of H.P. Lovecraft, and this review will be somewhat biased because of that. Sorry.Eldritch is a FPS Rouge like game. The term ""rogue-like"" is used quite liberally, so I consider this game to be more of a rouge-like-like, or my personal favorite, a rouge-lite. The game's aesthetics are quite simple but also very pleasing. A Minecraft-esque visual design is easy to look at, but the pixelated art is somewhat overdone. But, you shouldn't base a game off of it's graphics. The meat of this game is what matters. Lore is hidden around any corner. The dungeons that our hero, you, explores are honestly small, but many levels must be completed. Because each level is random, the player is forced to figure a way out of a situation. It's very fun and simple to get into. Many levels can be explored, although most are the same level-setup with different textures or enemies. Still, this helps the game from seeming repetitive. After only 11 hours, I started to get a little bored. This can be solved with a healthy dosage of Cthulhu reading, but I was a little disappointed that the game gets tiring. The atmosphere is where the game shines the most. It's eerie, creepy and fun. Each corner holds danger or reward.All in all, I personally love this game. For a fan of Lovecraft, I recommend this. It's a 8.5/10 for us.For a fan of rouge-likes and procedurally generated game, this game would be a 8/10.If you don't fit that category, stay away. If you fill either, I think this game is a good pickup."
,Recommended,252630,21556336,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,hepatitisdd,"Cute little FPS roguelike. Probably not worth $15, I'd get it on sale.Don't try to play this with a controller, you WILL get rekt."
,Recommended,252630,20339537,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,GrayMatter,One of the games that grows on you.  Is it horror per-say? No.  Do the lovecraftian elements begin to creep you out and fill you with terror after multiple runs. Yes.
,Recommended,252630,20008100,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JohnGalt_y2k,"Tense, atmospheric, and to the point."
76561198105019169,Recommended,252630,21245828,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Twisted Rhythm,"I threw a rock at a penguin. The rock bounced back and killed me. It was at that moment that I realized the true purpose of this software: It is a penguin fisticuffs simulator.The rest of the simulator, or as I like to call it, ""the penguin preperation precourses"", also happens to be superb. I am now fully prepared to defeat abnormally large penguins in unarmed combat."
76561197993790681,Recommended,252630,30489794,Posted: 13 March,all,DUKE NUKEM,NORMAL mode is fun...new game + mode is a seething mess of brokenness that you will never finish
,Recommended,252630,32847309,Posted: 27 June,all,ANIMAL MOTHER,i absolutely love this game man i will definitely be playing more of this. the powerups you get and the combat in the game make it extremely enjoyable. the famously inspired art style make the world you play in feel unreal
,Recommended,252630,33066291,Posted: 30 June,all,Royce Bracket,"Beware the shoggoth, it will 420 pr0sc0p3 you."
,Recommended,252630,33153384,Posted: 2 July,all,Pookie,I just got an update informing me that the game doesn't have any DRM.That's very thoughtful of the devs to go DRM free and so I applaud them.Also it's a neat little game.
76561198052319112,Recommended,252630,33150116,Posted: 2 July,all,Laderlappen Proud Gibus Bearer,Some of the sounds and enemies truely spooked the lovecraftian out of me.
76561198031393350,Recommended,252630,23663402,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Anticitizen,"Its a nice little challenging game. I would recommend to anyone who likes roguelikes, H.P. Lovecraft, and action adventure games."
76561197979851880,Recommended,252630,7822342,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Doubtful,"Think ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Dishonored and HP Lovecraft"" in the form of a lightweight stealth/action/horror game with roguelike elements such as permadeath and procedurally generated voxel-based levels.*Also, please don't judge the game by the tone of the preview video's energy and music.  It does not capture the feel of playing this game in the least.  Watch a video on youtube before making up your mind.  This game is generally slow-paced, a bit creepy, and involves a lot of meticulous exploration.Despite having roguelike elements and a more oldschool-gaming attitude, it's not terribly difficult if you're experienced at stealth games.  Hell of a lot of fun, creepy and unsettling, and each run will challenge you about the same as the last due to the random terrain/maze-like levels.  Do not be fooled by the ease of clearing the first world; the second world is by far the most hazardous!Simple gameplay with several ways to fight, a stealth system including the ability to ""lose"" a pursuer, and a ""sneak attack"" system for bonus damage.No cumbersome inventory management; simplified equipment system with a few upgrade slots, and a slot for 1 power/spell that can be changed easily.  High jump boots, lockpicking kits, magical amulet/token, etc.Voxel-based procedural world with nice atmospheric sound, music, and lighting.Great use of vertical space for levels overall and for each given floor, with lots of crawlspaces, hidey holes, ceilings, and cover to hide in. You can crawl, powerslide under low passages, sprint, or climb up ledges.You won't get hundreds of hours of gameplay out of this, but it's a great little game and has great potential if modders or the developers design additional levels to explore and enemies to fight.  And it stands on its own feet just fine."
,Not Recommended,252630,31684475,Posted: 11 May,all,FUCK FIEND,"I thought this game was alright at first but the longer I played it the less fun I had. Nothing about it feels very rewarding. Every aspect I like about this game is done much better by other so-called ""roguelikes"". I can tell this game had potential to do something interesting but it just didn't go very in depth. I mean, it's definitely playable and it's a decent time waster but I absolutely would never recommend this to anyone. It definitely isn't worth more than the $1.50 I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,252630,11800660,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Reign,"I really liked the atmosphere, but the games just to simple for me and lacked any depth.Played for a few hours to get the hang of it, then beat the game start to finish in little over an hour. You're never really rewarded, the combat doesn't require much skill, there are no bosses and theres very little variety amongst weapons and items.There are a total of 6 dungeons, 3 you have to collect orbs from to access the final dungeon. The only reward for completing the game is an orb to make the game more difficult.You mostly wander around looking for a hole to jump through to access the next floor on every floor until you collect the orb, then return to the library hub, start the next dungeon and repeat. The dagger and revolver are the main weapons you'll be using as the other few are not worth picking up.Guess it's okay if you get it on sale. Really wish it had more content to give it some diversity and it would of been exciting to fight a unique boss at the end of each dungeon. Don't really feel like there are any items in it that change the play style unfortunately, which inhibits replay imo."
76561198056576679,Recommended,252630,11838330,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Yogi,"This game, this is a game. If you like Lovecraft and video games, this game is for you."
,Recommended,252630,11112396,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Samurai-Sloth,You are an unspecified adventurer who journeys into the dark realms of the elder gods. Explore & collect treasure & weapons in this rouge-lite dungeon crawler. Venerate the forgotten ones & gain magic powers; hopefully you can escape the dark library with your pilfered goodies.
,Recommended,252630,11957855,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Siegmeme,"Eldritch is a roguelike,a typical,classical roguelike,without anything fancy or special,and that's the interesting thing about it.It doensn't try to add new things to the genre.It feels a lot like spelunky,only in first-person and with really creepy lovecraftian monsters.It has a great atmosphere to it,and a charming graphic style.It's challenging,and keeps you coming back for more.So,buy it!"
,Recommended,252630,9509855,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Fumo,this game is like minecraft without mining or crafting and instead with shoggothsin other words this game is a lot better than minecraft
,Recommended,252630,11799230,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,ramblin man,10/10 HAS WEEPING ANGELS!
76561197977964448,Recommended,252630,11018696,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cphrm,"An FPS adventure which will keep you on your toes.Difficulty curve grows a bit oddly in the main game, it's an issue which has been taken care of in Mountains of Madness (MoM) -expansion's content. Also, the main game in normal mode is beat quite fast. That being said, 'New Game+' mode is for those who won't be satisfied after their first playthrough.The main game consists of an usual playthrough and a more story-driven, a tad more difficult one ingrained within the game world. I won't go any further on that, since one will come across it and eventually decide the way they will continue on: rest assured you will find this to be an enjoyable aspect. MoM's progression is more straight-forward on the other hand, it's flavour coming from challenges thrown at the player as ventured forwards.Another thing worth mentioning is the soundtrack. Not many other games have so brilliant ambient sounds, consisting of droning electric guitar walls, to create such a gloomy atmosphere. If the graphics and gameplay won't bring up Lovecraft, the soundscape of the game will."
76561198111286397,Recommended,252630,10049750,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Rowdy Fella,"A while ago I did a pretty ""meh"" review of this game, so I've decided to roll back my sleeves and do a good old fashioned pros and cons list.PROS-Lovecraftian monsters are really great because fans of the Cthulhu Mythos get a fun chance to pull out their spotter's guides and get to work.-Glorious replayability. Just glorious.-Decently difficult, it will take you a few tries to beat the game, and even I have not beat the game to get the special ending.-Challenge for speedrunner-Spell system which functions similarly to the spell system from dishonored or whatever those things are called from Bioshock (Sorry, have not played Bioshock in a while).-Its a roguelike... What more do I have to say?-Good amount of rooms to expore in randomly generated levels.-2 campaigns, a special halloween level, a New Game+ mode, and the Arkham Asylum. No not that one.CONS-A few monsters are just reskinned.-All free sounds, so if that bugs you, I don't know, go into the files or something.-No co-op multiplayer.Alright, now time for the ratings!Story: 6/10 It is okay, but mostly just a backdrop for the gameplay, which is alright in this kind of gameGameplay: 10/10 This is where the game really shines, and it shows that a lot of work was put into it. I mean you can slide around if you crouch while running. Its amazing.Replayability: 8/10 It can get somewhat repetitive, but is still amazing.Atmosphere: 6/10 I'm a little torn on this one. The sunken city of Ryleh was not exactly up to my standards of Lovecraftian horror, but some bits are quite nice. Not that great though.Total: 75 This game is very good and I love it to pieces. I would honestly rate it as one of my all-time favorite games. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? BUY IT."
,Recommended,252630,8861540,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Grazza,"I reaaaaally really want to like this game - and I did! - for about 5 hours. As good as this game is, there just isn't enough content to justify anything more than a few hours of play which is a shame as there is some imaginitive art design going on here. As is the case with a lot of procedurally generated games, the random nature of the game makes for a lot of replayability but the level generation follows quite samey logic and it never really -truly- feels all that randomly generated but hey. Thats subjective.Fun game and all but - please release more dlc!"
,Recommended,252630,8412016,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,xrogaan,"A rogue-like like we like them. Huh, too much like isn't it? Well, it is only to avoid saying love as in Lovecraft. Because there are so much old ones.I love the concept, you have nothing and you need to escape of a weird dimention. There are different ennemies with different attack patterns. At first, it didn't seem like a big deal, but I've seen myself drawn back to the game again, and again, and again. The further you go, the weirdest the ennemies get.If you play this game, you'll die a lot. Once you die, you start from stratch but keep the unlocked worlds. Your goal is to collect the 3 souls of each worlds. Once you get them, you'll be able to get free. Or will you?"
,Recommended,252630,11536748,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,And More,"Eldritch combines randomly generated dungeon crawler elements with minimalist gameplay that allows you to play both stealthily and like some sort of monster hunting Dirty Harry. The game is quite easy, but the random element always keeps you on your toes. I simply can't get enough of it. Every time I think I've seen it all, something weird and unexpected happens."
,Recommended,252630,11813321,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Forgetful Brain,"If Spelunky, Minecraft, and H.P. Lovecraft decided to raise a child together, the terrifying little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would look a lot like this.Oh, and if you happen to make it to the second level, just remember one thing:Don't blink."
,Recommended,252630,10101669,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,routeshell,"Well, at first I didn't like it. Minecraft graphics is not the one you dig right away... but after I spent some time playing this awesome Lovecraftian adventure I totally get the game. If you love H.P. Lovecraft you really should play Eldritch. It's very sad that we don't have a lot of games based on Lovecraft mythos. This game is pretty simple and defiitely worth a try."
76561198004001370,Recommended,252630,19945288,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gunbuddy,The characters look as if they're made of out spaghetti.I like spaghetti.9/10
,Recommended,252630,24833904,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,SpectaKoo,"This game is tough, especially with the release of the Mountains of Madness expansion in consideration. The variety between the dungeons is really charming and each has its own set of enemies, generation patterns, and quirks. Eldritch did a fine job of irritating me on multiple occassions, but I can't help but love it."
,Recommended,252630,20692837,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,asmarbys,i like it its pretty good and cute
76561198087764017,Recommended,252630,31734825,Posted: 13 May,all,The Coolest and best,Weeping angels are a cool and fun game mechanic
,Recommended,252630,27337000,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChromeIcon,A short but fun roguelike game with a decent challenge.
,Recommended,252630,12757580,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hole Wizard,"This game seemed a little too Minecraft-y when I looked at it, but then I actually played it, and holy crap it is an impressive game. I haven't beaten it yet, but the general mechanics of this game are stunning. Stealthiness is rewarded, sprinting is rewarded, general screaming and trying to kill things is rewarded. I always have a love for games that reside in mystery. This game does that so well. You get dropped off in a library and, boom, off you go into the surprisingly creepy worlds of Eldritch. Overall it seems slightly repetitive but for the price it is well worth it."
,Recommended,252630,16390079,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Somatic Apparition,Like Lovecraftian Horror? You'll love this. Few games offer such an in-depth depiction of the Mythos.
76561198180486143,Recommended,252630,14593173,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,User_205,"Eldritch is a really nice little game. The gameplay is fluent and there are some creepylooking monsters to kill. But I have two little complaints for the game. Firstly I wish there are more weapons, I get it that you only have one arm to use them, so shotguns and machine guns are out, but I would have at least liked a flare gun or another pistol. Secondly the enemey respawns can get annoying sometimes. But I definiteley recommend this game (I later found out that you can stop them from respawning by simply not looting their corpses)The graphic may scare possible players off but because of the game´s pixelated look runs smooth like butter. Also worth a mention is the game´s soundtrack, it´s just great, really atmospheric and it sets the mood perfectly. The randomly generated levels are a blast to play, I personally really liked the second book and the mountains of madness free DLC area. These levels often include a nice gimmick, for example tiles that crumble when you step on them or invicible enemies. The levels often end with a special building, that really looks quite impressing and stands out from all the randomly generated stuff you have seen throughout the level.Speaking of randomly generated, this feature works surprisingly well. I have never seen any weird constructions during my playthrough and the game still has a feel of leveldesign even though it actually shouldn´t be there.To sum it up I would definiteley recommend this game. It took me about 20 hours to get through the whole game (visiting every area and dying sometimes) and nearly every minute was great and tense fun!Also the game includes one of the best snow levels I have played in a long while ;)(for a more serious take on the Lovecraftian mythos you should check out the long forgotten ""Shadow of the comet"" and ""Prisoner of ice"" and the more popular ""Dark corners of the earth"")"
,Recommended,252630,14930989,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Schadenfreude,"World 1: I scoffed, I shrugged, I triumphed.World 2: I hid, I ran, I cowered.Eldritch, very brazenly the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Minecraft and Spelunky, bides its time, initially presenting itself as easy and cartoonish and a shameless coattail-rider, before blossoming into a sort of oddball terror . A simple setup, exploring a dimension that’s in equal parts Lovecraft and Minecraft – CraftCraft, then – and accessed from portals in an occult library, yields randomly-generated, peril-packed levels in the current post-roguelike fashion.It’s hard to get past the Minecraft thing, naturally, and there is a part of me which bristles at the apparent attention-seeking nature of it but it doesn’t at all play the same way.I’ve been quite enjoying this game and so has anyone i've shown this game to,i would definantly recommend picking this one up."
76561198046246107,Recommended,252630,8227255,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Juan Talon,awesome rogue like game :D !
76561198316915293,Recommended,252630,31756276,Posted: 14 May,all,limemailbox,"All hail the rock, for the rock is eternal and all powerful. The rock cares not for whom it smites, from the lowsome penguin to a noble lizard man or even he who things they are worthy of wielding he rock. The rock vanquishes all who oppose its might."
,Recommended,252630,11816746,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,NoSkillWill,"A mediocre title from a barren genre.So, graded on a curve, its great.Like many of these indie roguelikes, it lacks content something fierce. The main game is complete within the first 2 hours or so, sooner if you get a good early run and find the item that saves you from death... an infinite number of times. The enemies are surprisingly well designed, and some in dumb, crawley, flying, ranged and far-too-powerful-but-can-be-sneaked. The game isnt really scary but oh man, being chased by several flavors of indestructible horrors that chase you to the ends of the earth sure puts you on edge after a while.The enemies that can be killed can be looted for ammo or keys or money, but choosing not to loot them prevents them from respawning on the level and HOLY BALLS that is a fantastic idea! The mechanic allows a good risk-for-reward mentality to the later levels. The controls are nice and the physics feel good. There are a good range of spells to unlock and destructible terrain is always a pleasure to mess around with, though I never found a hidden room destroying walls even once so it feels like a missed opportinity unless I am incredibly dumb or unlucky to have not found one.It does have it's problems though, besides it's brevity I mean. The game's graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is not really a problem to me normally, but after having two friends catching me playing and asking when minecraft was updated to include lizard-people I had to concede that the game didn't even try to distinguish itself. The textures are legitimately indestinguishable from those in minecraft in some areas, which saddens me because drawing a good 25x25 pixel texture is not difficult. Only having two inventory slots is fine and prohibits hoarding of key items, but what I found myself doing at the end of the day is sticking with the gun and dagger for 99% of the game, dropping the dagger for some dynamite whenever I found some, throwing it against a wall, than backtracking for a few seconds to get my dagger back. This worked great for me, but really broke the flow of the experience for me. Powerful monsters can be avoided entirely through sneaking. The sneaking itself was implemented quite well, but if you find the ""sneak shoes"" it makes the game about as hard as Dora the Explorers Big Birthday Adventure. There are rocks and distraction powers in the game, but it's all rendered moot since you can just sprint past all threats, and any enemy with the slightest bit of perceptive ability can be knifed in the face twice and downed without alerting anyone else. Any level that doesnt include the indestructible shoggoth or weeping angel lizard statues can be sprinted through with no risk whatsoever. Maybe I'm just too good, who knows... but I felt unchallenged, so mlg pros stay away.Last point, you can purchase or steal from storekeepers, but as far as I could tell there was no risk involved in just knifing the shopkeep and taking his whole inventory. If you've ever played ""Spelunky"", the risk involved in agressing the storeowner was high and immediately obvious. There is no risk here.Overall, I'd have to say that it was fun knifing cthulu-spawn in the face as Disney's Kim Possible. Assuming this game will get further updates to counter it's short lifespan, it's worth a purchase."
,Recommended,252630,11799764,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,altrewin,"This is my first impressions review after ~1hr of playing.First off at it's current -80% deal it's practically a must have for anyone who's even vaguely thinking of getting the game or those who love the Rogue-Like genre.So into the game, it looks very nice and feels well made. I enjoy the fact you can only have 2 weapons/items and spell + some other gear. The game also controls very nicely on KB+M (I may try on X360 controller at a later date, but I enjoy it too much on KB+M at the moment).After around 30min of playing I was thinking the game was perhaps a little easy with being able to kill all the enemies I'd encountered so far in 2-3 hits with a knife or gun, along with finding the enemies themselves a little sparse. But that certainly changed as I got to the 3rd level of the dungeon, with me dying quite quickly after becoming too overconfident in my abilities, this game will bite back in the later levels.Short review as I haven't played much but so far I'd certainly recommend this game! Perhaps I might hesitate more at the normal RRP, but as it's 80% off currently I highly recommend buying this game!"
,Recommended,252630,7967698,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Idiom,"i see this game how others see dark souls, it has that severe punishment for death and yet not a ton of junk to worry about like armor and weapon damage and the like.it's good."
76561198044662948,Recommended,252630,7850089,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,The Taco of Truth,"I saw this game about a week ago and thought it looked ok.  When it went on sale I decided to try it out, not expecting to much.  However, to my surprise, I have found myself hooked on this game!  I would definitely try it!"
76561198070682344,Recommended,252630,7930478,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Drix,"Pretty interesting game. I like how you are immediately thrown into this mysterious world and have to find out what is going on and fight for your life against weird creatures. Dungeons are randomly generated, which adds to the replayability factor. You can use Rocks, Bottles, Daggers, Revolvers and the occasional Explosives to deal with the hordes of enemies you'll find - from fishmen to screeching worms, from floating eyes to Cthulhu himself.All in all, great game, although a little short. Recommended! And oh - don't turn your back to the Lizardmen statues. You've been warned."
,Recommended,252630,7947721,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"The game was pretty interesting, and I would have bothered to complete it, but I realised, halfway through, that...certain thingsare better left unknown.I've seen things, and, quite frankly, not everyone ought to see them.I'm afraid it's too late, now. I can't stand it. It's too late, look away. I'm no longer typing of my own volition JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST HELPP̮̝̙̊̓̍͑ͧͯh̴̢̋̏̄҉͍̠̰̗̞'̳̰̯̦̹̙͖̈́̒͋͊̌̎̕n̩͎̦͚ͧͩͩ̓͐̈́ͤͮg̝̊̌̒̅͛͆̓̿̚͠ͅḻ̤̹̿̐ŭ̢͔̼͍̙͒̏ͣ̌ͩ͢ï̧̤̍̈͋̓̅͘͞ ̒̐ͭ͑̒͒҉̛̙̟̗m̸̧͉̼͓̝̣̩͉̼̐ͮ̏̑ͨ̂̄͋͝g̨̹̮̣̟͎̲ͭͭ͡͞l̸̟̦͍̠̳͖̺͐ͧ͆͛ͤ̏͟w͔͓͚̺̄ͥ͊̀̚'̣̝̭͚̜ͨ͂ͦ̑̽͜ͅͅṅ̙̈́̐̈́̽̄ͦ̐̀͞â̜͔̪ͭ̓̀͡f͇̘̪̹̻̪̈̒̍ͧͬ̂̀h̖ͮ͛̀́͘ ̴̝͈ͫ̏̈́ͦ̓̉ͣ́C̷̺̝̦̙͐t̶̸̖̼͗͟h̋ͯͩ̓͛ͬ̈́҉̸͏̮͇̙͖ư̶̳̗͎̳̙̙̳̠ͧ͆̓̐ͥ̚͜l̆͂҉͎̼̣̱̗̼̀h͈ͮͫ͐̾́u̱͎͈ͯ̃͗̚ ̴̠̯̟̣̲̫̳͙ͤ͒ͭ̄ͫͬ͛͐̕͟R͓̦͕̯̂̎͞'̷͉̫̤͒̊̀̚͟l̢͓̰̼͙̥̽ͭ̒̓ͣͣ͝ỷ̴̢͚̤̤̩̪̭̥̗̣̈ͯ̃e͎̬̎̉͝h̺̫͈̠͈̊͆̐͒͞ ̵̴͕̦̟̪̤͖͇ͥͦͥ̈ͤͥw̹̳̾̓̄ͧ̅ͬ̎͠g̳͇̲͉̮̬͙͂͌́ͭ́͝a̠͉͛͂ͥ́̉̐̐̈h̥̜̪̑͛͜'̞ͦ̑͂̔͟ͅn̡̢̲͙͙̹̦͋͆̾͛ͨ͐ȧ̘̪͙̙̐̀͘ͅg̛̫̜͔̯̞̫̩͇͊ͧ͌͡l̢̛̤͔̭̳̭ͥ̾̎͛̾́ ̜̪̯͙͑̽͆̀̀͞͝ḟ̉͑ͦ́̓͡͏̗̰̭ḥ̛̟̿̃̂t̻̦̦̟̾͂͒͌̄̍̓̀͠͡a̩̼̭̤̮̻̮̥͕̾̾̇ͥͪ͆ͮͩ͢g̼̥ͭͥ̾͝͡ṋ̡̻̦̖̳̈́̃̿͛"
76561198320118796,Recommended,252630,28929591,Posted: 1 January,all,awesoman519,that first trailer is very accurate
,Recommended,252630,34907763,Posted: 12 September,all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Eldritch is a very cool first person action roguelike game.It lacks some depth, some balancing and it gets quite easy once you get the hang of it.But is a nice expxerience, totally worth it."
76561198062615563,Recommended,252630,10671119,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fake Lobster,Rage inducing game of 2014more rage then flappy bird!10/10 for making my destroy my computer :D
76561198059612675,Recommended,252630,14643361,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Killjoy_85_,"Extremely entertaining Lovecraftian roguelike that has great combat mechanics and atmosphere. The graphics are relatively primitive and Minecraft-esqe, but that doesn't hold it back in any way. Any Lovecraft fans will find a lot to enjoy in this game. Eldritch is well worth your time and money."
76561198133859019,Recommended,252630,14700209,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,UnfortunatLee,this is a really fun and interesting indie game and should be look at more. It has interesting machanics and overall simple story line. With the levels spawning randomely it alows for hours of gameplay. Play this game if you like exploration and RPG's.
,Recommended,252630,10387806,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Jackothee,"this game is so creative... after playing, i furiously masturbated while thinking about the beautiful simplicity that is game. around 10 minutes later i ♥♥♥♥ed a rainbow onto one of my socks. 10/10. WARNING: extreme difficulty is present. side effects may include: rainbow♥♥♥♥♥ feeling the need to collect spherical objects, and cancer."
,Recommended,252630,9912978,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Rocinante,"Imagine if you will, a world of Lovecraftian horror.  10/10 Now imagine it looks like Minecraft.  9/14"
,Recommended,252630,9058272,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mr. Nuclear Titbit,Got eaten by a penguin.10/10
,Recommended,252630,8241575,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DigitalBasic,The world's premier penguin punching simulator.
76561198036988837,Recommended,252630,16393257,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nebnebben,This is spooky
76561197992318249,Recommended,252630,12751388,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Edgelord Dankmeme,"I want to be clear here; I really, REALLY enjoy this game. The atmosphere is great, the art style is interesting, the gameplay is fairly fun and the Lovecraftian source material is just tops. The maps are pretty interesting while changing just enough in their layout to feel different from one another. Weapons are fairly interesting, with the more powerful ax or pickax being much slower than the quicker knife. There's also a sort of tactical choice in the spells and items you can carry.Do you want to be sneaky? You'll want Stealth boots and melee weapons, as guns will alert enemies nearby to your presence. Want to avoid combat as much as possible and be able to make quick getaways? You'll want to probably be carrying either a bundle of TNT or a Grappling Hook with you so that you can either quickly climb to safety or make your own escape route by blowing a hole in the nearest surface. Maybe you'll want to equip the Teleport or Lift to get away fast over big ledges. There are quite a few options here.While this game is great fun as a dungeon crawl, I do have a serious problem with one of the mechanics, and that is the fact that you lose literally everything you have accrued save for any money you've put in your bank chest and any new level you opened. This poses a serious problem.Throughout the time you character remains alive, you gain more hit points by drinking from fountains, can stock up on ammunition for the revolvers, find spells at idol statues, and, most importantly, find the souls of the Old Ones needed to escape the library hub of the game.However, when your character lives, you lose literally everything they're carrying; any spell you may have, additional hit points are reduced back to the starting 3, all ammunition, any artifacts (money) you have on your person, all of your gear includeing weaponry, AND any Old One souls you may have found and placed on the three altars to escape the library? Yeah, they're back at the end of a now newly randomized zone. There is a way to revive yourself, if you're carrying a First Aid Kit, but that costs 50 artifacts to use. I suppose unless it disappears (I didn't notice if it was still in my inventory after the one time I was able to use it) that 50 Artifacts to not lose everything is a fairly good deal.I don't usually take issue with punishment via losing precious items. Games such as Minecraft have made me very familiar with this mechanic, but the issue is that in Minecraft you can store items and the enemies are at a constant level of difficulty, while in Eldritch, the enemies are stronger in each new zone.There is a sneaking mechanic in Eldritch, and if you can find the Stealth Boots and snag them from a merchant (honestly, who would blow all those artifacts?) you can even sprint without enemies hearing a single footstep, but with the randomized terrain and the fact the enemies actually wander the map it's eventually going to be inevitable that you have to square off against something, and if you've just died and are trying to enter the Mountains of Madness, or are fighting a Snakeman with nothing but your bare fists and three hit points, it becomes more or less a necessity to have to slog all the way through the beginning area again, which is now completely re-randomized, and you are forced to re-collect Dagon's soul."
,Recommended,252630,26309566,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,1c0n,"I've barely played for 40 minutes and I am already in love, as it reminds me of my favourite Minecraft mod, which added randomly generated dungeons...but this game is just more fleshed out. Tons of weapons and equippable items, eerily creepy monsters, lots to explore, friendly monsters that have shops, 3 meter-tall penguins, this game has it all.You can sneak, you can use a grappling hook, you can punch a fish person to death, you can get rekt by an  angry shopkeeper whom you stole from, you can read books, you can dig your own passages through the dungeons with a pickaxe, you can play the game however you want.Get it if you want a dungeoncrawler roguelike that has a lot to explore and do."
,Recommended,252630,32916821,Posted: 28 June,all,fehren,"A pretty cool rogue-like game, i had fun playing it, but havent yet completed , intending to do so. Just watch out for the icicles, they lethal as hell..."
76561198009955054,Recommended,252630,10044544,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Duke Nuke,"Love Lovecraft literature.  Hated the blocy graphics but it went on sale cheap with mountains of Madness expansion.  Decidd to have a go and guess what its good, even the blocky graphics don't annoy me as I thought they would."
,Recommended,252630,18585834,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,lemon,"Really awesome game heavily inspired by the works of H.P. Lovecraft. It is frustrating but it's worth it if you like FPS games, rougelikes, stealth games, or the Cthulhu Mythos."
,Recommended,252630,20462833,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Alch Anomaly,Eldritch and I have formed a love-hate relationship.
76561198090391405,Recommended,252630,30267783,Posted: 1 March,all,Baron_Medusa,"Got on sale, def worth reduced price. Full price a bit much, but great game."
76561198096213994,Recommended,252630,33453950,Posted: 11 July,all,Ainsley Hariott,A must play for those who like rogue-like games and Lovevcraft!10/10
,Recommended,252630,23843802,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,tummy hurty,"Although I have a miniscule play time and haven't got close to completing the game in its entirety, I am left in awe of its quality. It has a very tense, fearful atmosphere. The aesthetics of the game are also excellent in their own unique way. For an indie game made by only one man it has far surpassed my expectations and  many modern popular titles whilst simultaneously combining elements of H.P Lovecraft and a rougelike dungeon crawler to create an incredible game.TL:DR-Buy this on a sale. Buy it when it's full price. Buy it whenever. Just make sure you buy it."
,Recommended,252630,11807419,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Powerful Cow,"Addicitve action-filled first-person roguelite adventure horror with stealth, parkour and RPG elements, what else do you even ever need? I'd only say that the price for this game is 100% unreasonable since it is much better than a couple of new AAA titles for 20$ combined.Therefore, go ahead and get a good value for your money while it is still on such a great discount!"
,Recommended,252630,8250709,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MK,"At first glance, Eldritch appears to be a cheap minecraft clone, but what you actually get is a much more fufilling experience. It's a rather charming little game that doesn't try to be anything that it isn't, but at the same time it is also a very intriguing adventure through several levels and labyrinths that become more challenging (or less, depending on the power-ups you find) as you progress through the game. It is not a long game by any means, nor is it too complex, but what it lacks in complexity it makes up for with it's sheer curiousity; You have absolutely no idea what to expect from this game. In short, this game was very pleasant to play through and I definitely recommend this little gem."
,Recommended,252630,7988557,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Cthulhu Crisis,"This game is Fantastic! It's a randomly generated dungeon crawler with some really cool things going for it. Every fight you get in is terrifying, due to your low health and Weapon mechanics (stronger the weapon, harder to find ammo it is). Once you unlock a level it's permanantly unlocked, though every time you die you lose everything (including the items you get for beating a level). PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT IN THIS GAME. You will farm money, you will die to the same enemy type over and over (looking at you lizard statues), and you will get frustrated, but you will have more fun than any full priced game i've bought in recent memory. GET IT NOW. Only thing that could make it better would be coop play. *Crosses Fingers*"
,Recommended,252630,8227355,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,R3gRet,"It's an amzing roughlike where you have to find your way out of this mysterious dungeon (you can always go to lvl 1 and use the book to go back to the libary where you start). With the blocky feel of minecraft, the steath abilities as Dishornered, and the graphicly nice world; I recommand this to anyone who wants to just jump into anygame and see how long they can last and far they can go before go before dieing, or unlikly win."
,Recommended,252630,10066962,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,「JD 」,Best Penguin punching simulator currently available!
,Recommended,252630,19627954,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,anxiousMediator,"♥♥♥♥ Elders.♥♥♥♥ the statues.♥♥♥♥... PENGUINS..And especially ♥♥♥♥ the Shuggoth!I've come so close to the end, yet still so far.Eldritch is a game that will keep you entertained for ages. If you enjoy rogue-likes, horror, dungeon crawling, and especially the works of H.P. Lovecraft, this may be the game for you.The replay value is huge; and despite--possibly even because of--the simplistic graphic style, this game will keep you on edge as you traverse each area.5 areas, many enemies, a wide array of weapons and spells, and one pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Shuggoth.Give it a try, it's worth the price! (And if you see a penguin, beware!)"
76561197974671722,Recommended,252630,24940337,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,JasonMastirsistim,"One of the best rogue-likes I've ever played. It's creepy, mysterious, and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,252630,7874024,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dana Scully,"Easily the best indie game I have ever played. No matter how pixelated the enemies look, it is truly horrifying. The first book (level) was all fun. I'd run around, shoot people, and throw some rocks too. Then book two. From statues that attacked you when you wernt looking to enemies THAT WOULD NOT DIE I was absolutely horrified.The game also features many refrences to HP Lovecraft that I recognized."
,Recommended,252630,33765700,Posted: 24 July,all,hahaharuman,"Minecraft meets Dark Souls meets Cthulhui'm so confused. i don't even know if i like this? i'm constantly getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me, to a point where frustration doesn't even begin to explain how i feelthat said, i'm really enjoying itso, uh.. if you like pixel carnage and getting brutally murdered by falling icicles - go for it!"
,Recommended,252630,16593023,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr. Bubbles Tea,"If you like killing things with rocks, knives, revolvers, dynamite, bottles, magic, betrayal, pickaxes, traps, or just your plain old fist, this game is for you.If you don't, this game is for you.If you like being stealthy, this game is for you.If you don't, this game is for you.If you're like me, you'll have an insatiable bloodlust and kill all the fishmen. What can I say, they're different."
,Recommended,252630,8580385,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,roguefrog,"If you like cute games, I heartily recommend Eldritch.  It's a Lovecraftian first person sneaker/roguelike with Minecraft aesthetic.  The shoggoths are particularly kawaii.  Fans of Thief will be immediately at home as this game has Q/E leaning and edge mantling with the addition of sprint sliding!  There's no gaining levels or choosing a class or skills or anything - except finding a few weapons, equipment, keys, spells, health-up fountains and currency(artifacts).  The latter is the only thing that can be saved post permadeath in chests.  Best of luck giving those Elder Things the laugh.tl;dr version:Iä! Iä! Cthulhu Fhtagn! Ph'nglui Mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn."
,Recommended,252630,17670314,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,slugger,game has big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in penguinsjesus christ
,Recommended,252630,12480951,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,I don't know what you call this genre but of all the games with the same general blueprint Eldritch is the best by far.  Hop through Minecraft styled randomly generated mini-dungeons collecting a few weapons and abilities and dodging maybe half a dozen types of enemies and traps each.  Not particularly replayable or well balanced.
,Recommended,252630,8852854,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Grim_2o0o,"I haven't felt this insane since Sherlock Holmes: The Awakened, it's like I am actually stabbing these Shoggoths for real.This game would make a great party game for when you decide that all of you have had way too much to drink and begin realising that maybe macro isn't such a bad kink, you whoop this out and before you know you'll be vomiting blood in each other's mouths and start sacrificing your dogs to The Old Gods, and summon Chthonians for cheap vore porn.And that's when your father walks in the room and asks if you and your friends want snacks.Goddammit dad we're busy here geez do you know how to knock urgh parents right."
,Not Recommended,252630,9613891,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Luke the Human,"I picked this up on the Halowe'en sale and can't say I recommend it.It has a strange ambiance to it that doesn't really feel of anything. Navigation is stressful, the graphics are ugly (and that's from someone who appreciates the charm of Minecraft's visual style), and combat is uninteresting. You can only carry two items at a time, which ends up just making me attached to rare things like dynamite, hoping to find a use for it.The game's only saving grace is the possibility that if I had played it more, I would have gotten into it - but I doubt it.I recommend this to people who like Lovecraftian-themed games, and don't mind the weirdly oversimplistic gameplay.It's hard to explain why - but this game just isn't my cup of tea."
76561198124445556,Not Recommended,252630,10868707,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,13justingerard,"A game that starts out by being excitingly fast-paced, soon to induce motion sickness and boredom with the monotony and annoying simplicity of the game's environment. Probably not worth the money."
76561197971194993,Not Recommended,252630,8491510,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nrvnqsr Chaos,I want to love it but it feels like wandering around in a HP Lovecraft theme'd minecraft mod. Cute but very short and not all that interesting compared to grabbing any old HP Lovecraft story and reading it.
,Recommended,252630,8371818,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,</Path>,"Fun 5 hours, very very short and not much replayability.Feels like a well realized game that needs a ton more content. Good, for an indie."
,Recommended,252630,13323108,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Peacockle,bascaily u r dis guy out for revange and u get it
76561198064197184,Recommended,252630,9229200,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mr Shadow,"A rogue-like FPS inspired by the ouvre of H.P. Lovecraft, Eldritch is fun. It can be creepy, difficult, fast and furious - but overall, it's fun. The Minecraft-esque graphics are in no way an indication of gameplay, which can get quite intense, down in the dungeons with all those eldritch horrors (don't get me started on the stone lizards ...). The soundtrack's a little sparse (unlike the trailer), but it all adds up to a wonderful creepy feeling, where you're not sure if you should giggle or shriek. Definitely worth your time, especially if you're a fan or rogue-likes and/or Cthulhu."
,Recommended,252630,10219817,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TheNoNameGuy,Eldritch is a fun litle dungeon game but it can be pretty boring and hard but it worth the money.
76561198053791622,Recommended,252630,23129212,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,wnci779,"looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ stabbed a guy, shot a guy, saw a sand guy, and had a pretty good time. 10/10 would get killed by eating rotten meat again"
76561197992664510,Recommended,252630,15258651,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,RedCaff,"Huh, it is the cutest horror I have ever played.  Scary fish people?  Not when they are looking the other way.  Cultists?  Punch them in the face.  Shoggoths?  Hmmmm.  Dynamite?  I dunno they keep eating me.  It is at its core hide and go murder.  Or be mourdered, which is much more likely.  Just remember to share with your friends, as madness is more fun when you aren't the only person to whom sanity no longer speaks.  SANITY WHY WONT YOU TAKE MY CALLS"
,Recommended,252630,9375352,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,michaelmtv,This game is very well done. For Lovecraft fans and fans of Rogue-likes.
,Recommended,252630,20309403,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Saint Felipe,"I did not know what to expect from this game when I bought it, but after opening it for the first time I was instantly hooked. This Rogue-Like game pulls the best elements from other games and improves on them. The fun combat and puzzles will keep you locked in for hours. I personally would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun single player rogue-like."
,Recommended,252630,29995075,Posted: 17 February,all,Uncle Dick,HP Would be pleased.
,Recommended,252630,27933419,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RadZap,"Simple survival fun! No two dungeons are alike and there's a Halloween level! Give Cthulhu a hug, he's lonely!"
76561198027564914,Recommended,252630,33655336,Posted: 19 July,all,Bounce into trash,"Fast,fun,salty!"
76561198011064182,Recommended,252630,8523789,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AlphaRhoRho,"Aesthetically the game owes a lot to Minecraft, which is reasonable when you consider you can blow apart walls/floors or create new ones with spells.  It didn't add anything to the game, but it didn't detract as much as I was worried it might.  The enemy models were still entertaining (I loved the fish people and the cthonians).  The sound design was well done, keeping things extremely tense, but still being necessary to know when someone was walking up behind you.Gameplay-wise, it was somewhere in between true rogue-like and the kind of game I prefer where most of your advancement carries over between attempts.  Unlocked levels and artifacts carry over (or CAN carry over, in the case of artifacts, provided you found a chest to store them in before you die), though trying to jump into the later unlocked levels without the advancement from the earlier levels is foolish at best, so I found it better to just restart at the beginning anyway.One thing I found interesting was that the strategy that ended up working for me was finding a shop in the first area that had a health pack (the only way in the game to get ""continues"") and, instead of trying to save up your artifacts to purchase it (since you'll need them to buy continues) just save up bullets until you have a dozen or so and kill the shopkeeper.  Then you can loot the health pack, maybe a luck amulet, and a pair of boots which will keep you going for the rest of the game.The game isn't long, though I haven't played through the Mountains of Madness DLC.   There is a spell system in the game that I never even bothered with, since that spends artifacts and I was hoarding them for continues, though I do like that you get spells by praying to different elder gods.All in all it was an entertaining, tense, dungeon-crawly rogue-like with just a sprinkle of Lovecraft mythos on top.  No buyers remorse here."
76561198094296117,Recommended,252630,19533561,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,kyle1r97,"Imagine everything that was creepy about minecraft, now add creepypastas and perma-death. After rocking in the corner for a few hours, telling yourelf that you can deal with this, Imagine that there is no armor, weapon crafting, or daylight. *drops the mic and exits stage left**audience begins to mumble in fear and confusion**anouncer peeks head around corner*""oh yeah, there's also an unkillable monstrosity that totally destroys your♥♥♥♥♥if you can't get to the end in time"""
,Recommended,252630,12459139,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,D4Dementia,"This game has a certain mystery to it with a simple interface that makes it both ridiculously difficult, and addictive, I would recommend it to anyone that likes a challenge."
,Recommended,252630,12485451,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Martti-Pertti Jussi-Maa,First jumpscare: fishman second jumpscare: cultist third jumpscare: HOLY S**T IS THAT SHOGGOTH!? (Sorry my first rewieew but seriously this game is creepy
,Recommended,252630,7485803,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,mindblaster42,game as game can
76561197997870602,Recommended,252630,7767829,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,jessiscah,"First person rogue-like, looking glass studios/ion storm immersive sim-like. Loves it"
,Recommended,252630,7879169,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lightning Dust,"I've played for hours now and I still find it fun. I've completed these with 9 resurrects and countless Medical Kits revival. For spoiler reasons, there is an alternative ending.Once you have managed to finish a playthrough, there will be a orbm when you resurrect, for you to pick up to drastically increase the difficulty.Overall, this game has limitless replayability. The dungoens, items, and enemies are randomized every time you resurrect. All 4 dungoens has its own set of enemies and items. There are 3 levels per dungoen, and in each level there are 3 floors. Because of this, the game encourages the player to explore.The player has the ability to destroy and create blocks if they have visited the Destruction Amulet and the Materialisation Shrine. The player also have an option to use the dynamite to destroy walls and/or floors to create a new path. Eldritch also has some good stealth elements. It is up to the players to either go stealthy or just rush through the dungeons. But the more dungoen you enter, the more harder is it for you to escape without dying. Enemies will chase you until you are out of their sight for a few seconds.There is also a shopkeeper per level. Stealing, attemping to directly kill him or setting off the shopkeeper's dynamite, he will come after you. Shopkeepers are one of the most hardest to kill when the player enrages them.Albeit the game's lack of content, the equipable items and magic are enough to satisfy multiple aspects of Eldritch."
76561198043414799,Recommended,252630,7799300,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ChaosSaber,This game is as fun as it looks. Just don't try to steal from the shop...
,Recommended,252630,8379120,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Snake,"Cthulhu mythos first person game set in a lo-fi world with stealth action and plenty of ways to die. Procedural levels, devious enemies, fun mechanics."
,Recommended,252630,15796607,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Rinny 🍕,"A rather acquired but a good game for what it's trying to go for. Imagine Minecraft as you get deeper into the ground and you have to be careful where you go and what you do but it looks fresher and isn't really comparable to Minecraft aside from the cubic look.The game manages to be creepy and cute somehow. I didn't buy it for it's full price - 15 bucks for a game that isn't really loaded with content seems a bit silly so i waited for sales. This game is NOT for everyone, so if you're going to gift this game to someone make sure they're into this kind of thing- because if they aren't -they'll probably get really salty about it after playing it."
,Recommended,252630,33738522,Posted: 23 July,all,Zeds Deppelin,"Punched a Shoggoth in the face.Got decked by a second waiting around the corner.10/10, would make rookie mistakes again"
,Recommended,252630,33260049,Posted: 4 July,all,Jayekib <CardWhore>,Watch out for Tripwires ;-;
76561198080094284,Recommended,252630,23858955,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,I'll shower you in coconuts,"This game is much like a side story to the HP Lovecraft mythos. You play the role of the explorer, who is hinted at being a Guardian, known as the librarian. This game introduces you slowly to the concept it has, instead of thrusting itself upon you. The difficulty does rise instantly though, as you are introduced to many new enemies that just are there to make you miserable."
76561198063118661,Recommended,252630,23741979,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Inferno_Shogun,I am suprised I have not heard about this game sooner. For the price it does well. and if you got a not so good computer that is fine you don't need much to play it. I recommend anyone who likes pixel games or dungeon crawlers.
,Recommended,252630,8229581,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dewk Noukem,You can throw a rock on enemies.
,Not Recommended,252630,8242611,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,🍌,"HOW did this get such good reviews? There is nothing good about this game. A roguelike needs to have a great amount of variation to be interesting; here, all we have are the same ten or so items, like 3 or 4 different enemies per world, no real character progression, completely uninteresting Minecraft-combat and so on.Truly terrible."
76561198069513316,Recommended,252630,8219307,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,riggingchimp,"Its odd that a voxel based game is still able to freak people out, but its certainly true of this one!Fairly simple game play but enjoyable thus far, lots of sneaking around and exploring with the occasional being devoured by horrors from beyond the stars!"
,Recommended,252630,8235150,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,🐧 crow,It looks like Minecraft but thankfully is an actual videogame instead. Elements of survival horror and dishonored. Good.
,Recommended,252630,7954232,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Moose,This game is really good. Like i dont think it is suposed to be a spooky game but it is you can get really frightend in it so i really recomend this game!
,Not Recommended,252630,15521931,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Econael,"Eldritch looks like the developer wanted to take the spelunking from Minecraft and slap some Lovecraft on it.That sounds good enough for me to get the game, but sadly it doesn't live up to the expectations.The thing is, when you dig down in Minecraft, you don't know whether you're supposed to survive that.The caves aren't even made to be traversible, you could fall through a hole any time. You could hit lava, water or sand. The enemies aren't made to be killable/survivable with the most basic of equipment.If you take this out of the sandbox and make it a game on it's own, there's this implicit contract between game developer and player that says: ""this is doable"". This takes all of the tension away. This is something that should be apparent in the prototype stage of a game's production.Eldritch has easily traversible rooms which are ""clean"", compared to the messy world of MC.You can run so fast, that you don't even need to engage a single enemy. You can just run past to the exit (especially easy if you have a compass).There are so few items in the game, that I kept finding the same dagger and pistol over and over again.The dagger swings very rapidly and stunlocks enemies, so that there's really no need for other weapons.Most enemies die to a single hit. You can even throw the empty revolver at them and they keel over."
,Not Recommended,252630,32149046,Posted: 3 June,all,deathsips,"short, had some neat ideas, but ultimately is not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,252630,16282166,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,spaneika,"Neat little game, but quickly becomes a chore due to a lack of variety in pickups and headache-inducing map layout.  I would recommend this short game at 5 bucks, but in my opinion not worth the 15 dollar asking price. 2/5 cthulhus."
,Not Recommended,252630,25853716,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Eppiox,"Eldritch lets you choose your pace most times, you can blitz around or stealth about.The allure of exploring the dungeons, getting health upgrades and buffing relics seemed like a bit of good fun.Within a few hours I've found he game has become tiresome, but for the wrong reasons.The enemies in the game are good, they vary and can prove to be a challenge.The exploring aspect first drew me in but I quickly saw the patterns and decided the rewards are not that great except for more max hp or ammo.It became a choir to search for these things.Also you are limited to only holding two weapons at a time.  This at first makes sense, but just becomes annoying later on.The only statue buff I found really worth it is the jumping one (mobility is a big thing in this game).The weapons are so-so but nothing I will remember- except for the TNT.  They are fun.My main gripe is the way the special 'you get the good ending' relics work, they do nothing but eventually take up 3 of 3 slots that normally grant additional buffs.I found by taking away these buffs the game is hurt as the player loses mobility and power, to me it made the difficulty feels artificial.When you die you lose the bonus hp you've collected, which is acceptable for a rogue like, but in this game it adds to the grind of searching to get it back up.The shops are ok but offer nothing you haven't already found.The pattern and repetition to the asylum was not for me.The aircraft ice level was fun at first but soon became highly annoying with falling stalactite.The humor and wit in the tailor is not in the game.Overall I feel like it was missing something, something that aids you to speed up the game or upgrades.. or just something,Alas due to the 'yes' or 'no' nature of steam, I would rather prefer to be in the middle for this one but side towards 'no'."
,Recommended,252630,34233559,Posted: 14 August,all,☠,"This is 1,000 times more terrifying than it was probably intended to be. Play it with a big gulp."
,Not Recommended,252630,33111887,Posted: 1 July,all,sps96,"Eldritch has an interesting premise, it promises to be an engaging action-adventure roguelike with lore elements extracted from the glorious world of H.P. Lovecraft, but falls short.Featuring a dismally stale world and little-to-no variety in visual and sound effects, Eldritch does not invoke the necessary tone of wonder and exploration necessary for a roguelike.While the game presents a somewhat quirky and amusing environment in the first minutes of gameplay, this is by no means enough to carry the audience forward through its ill-defined world and non-existent story, well, outside that of ""you are trapped in this world, escape."""
76561197996845491,Recommended,252630,12429265,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NEwertKrocker,Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem as a roguelike with a Minecraft visual aesthetic.
,Recommended,252630,16332727,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,i have no idea what this game is
,Not Recommended,252630,25021506,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TigerTrix,"I like stealth games, and roguelike elements.  It seems like minecraft version of a primitive stealth game.  The developers seemed to have really put some effort into it.  So it delivers the experience as pictured.  It isn't assasin's creed, but they have fleshed out a world to lurk around in.  However, for the blocky graphics just gave me a headache and made me a little nautious.  The framerate was fine, but I found it hard on my eyes playing it on a 47"" TV when you get close to a wall and you are just staring at huge pixels.  In the end, not for me.  I much prefer games where my TV seems like a window to another world, not staring at a wall :) ... it actually made me nautious.  But if you play minecraft, then perhaps this is for you."
,Not Recommended,252630,16401464,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Spook Sov,"I can't think of any FPS roguelikes out there to compare this to off the top of my head, but I know Eldritch is a lackluster one."
,Recommended,252630,17670956,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sherman,surprisingly difficult but i really like it
,Recommended,252630,25942407,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Javerage,Exactly what it promises and more!
,Recommended,252630,14773912,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,🐺Horazzmus🐺,Amazing RPG game!
76561197984654795,Recommended,252630,14279386,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Omenankuorin,5/5 Punching penguins in face and running around in panic.  This game should be tagged as horror.. and geniuos because it is genious.
,Recommended,252630,16487836,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cbum,This game spooks me enough to keep me on my feet at all times.
,Recommended,252630,25776674,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,rik_40,I thought this was minecraft. I kinda like this style of game tho.IDK why it cost 15 buks but i got it for 1 dollar in a 12 game deal. I wouldnt say its worth 15 but its hella fun just wait for it to be on discount.
76561198193753239,Recommended,252630,31817030,Posted: 17 May,all,Kaiser potato,very good game 10/10 i like games with not very good graphics. btw whats the music in first trailer?? someone tell me please
,Not Recommended,252630,26333574,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Thoroughbred Aryan Loli,"Boresome procedurally♥♥♥♥♥♥dungeons, zero atmosphere, little depth and lacking variety in everything. Avoid, even if the idea of a lovecraftian rogue sounds extremely appealing to you."
,Recommended,252630,13011961,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zakki Arachnopolis,"If there's a rogue-like you have to buy, it's Eldritch. Based off the writings of H.P. Lovecraft, this game combines cute and creepy in the perfect manner. You have a variety of worlds to unlock and explore, with a very simplistic HUD and inventory system. That makes it easy to get into the game and start exploring. From throwing rocks to blasting with dynamite to a variety of magic spells to choose from, the player's bound to develop their own unique method of getting through the game. The library is where you start, and from there you can go to the Mountains of Madness, or explore the book-worlds of Dagon, Nyarlthotep, and R'lyeh. Each book-world has shops, traps, evil denizens, and quirks, all procedurally generated so no two journies are alike. If you wanna see a Cthulhi wearing a monocle or if you wanna punch a penguin to death, I would suggest this game before all others."
76561197975367259,Recommended,252630,7818366,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,RiceMan,neato
,Recommended,252630,7798242,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Benimatic,"From playing about halfway through, it seems like a 3D Spelunky-type game.  Fun, but not as polished as Spelunky."
,Recommended,252630,7872626,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Cobalt,"Eldritch is a very well-designed game. The mechanics can take a bit of getting used to, but the controls are intuitive, the combat is seamless, and the atmosphere is profoundly creepy. I have gotten more ""scared"" playing his ame than many other horror games, even those with amazing graphics and sounds. Overall, Eldritch is charming, fun, and mildly eerie."
,Recommended,252630,7919895,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Nuc_Temeron,"Eldritch is quite a lot of fun, though somewhat simplistic. There are not a huge amount of enemy types and tilesets, nor are there very many items. However, the levels are very well-generated and interesting, the monsters are creepy, and sneaking around the levels is a LOT of fun. Reviews have said over and over that the game is too easy, and I do concur that the actual act of attacking and killing enemies is typically challengeless as long as you remain unseen or strike quickly. In particular, the first book (level) is very easy. This is not always the case however; sneaking around avoiding combat is very important in the 2nd and 3rd books, and is very tense. I died quite a few times trying to complete the second book, but the third book was fairly easy overall. The end was exceptionally anti-climactic. I haven't tried the New Game Plus mode (unlocked after finishing the game, much harder), but I'm definitely going to give it a play-through (I rarely play a game again after finishing it, but I will with Eldritch, which says a lot).I would definitely recommend this game to fans of stealth games, those that like the retro blocky look, and Lovecraft fans (the Flying Polyps were particularly disturbing). Also, there's a free expansion coming out in a few weeks, we'll see what it adds."
76561197970480286,Recommended,252630,7893078,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Wh1ppet,"This game is really cute and a lot deeper and more fleshed out than the crude look and description make it sound. This game is deep in the way that nethack and most it's text based decendents and it is a rogue-like, not the minecraft clone it may appear to be. It just uses the simple block style art and geomtry to make it more graphical than  going pure text.If you like rogue-likes and you like HP Lovecraftian style settings then it is worth checking out, though I would get it on sale if you can."
76561198071421958,Recommended,252630,12006890,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,eternal jape,Stealth based quake 3 style bunny hopping easy to hop into amazing art style roguelike with great weapons and great music10/-2390239032902309239032
76561198042841172,Recommended,252630,10265310,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,QuantumEuro,great gameplay
,Recommended,252630,8422400,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,You know what's funny? And by funny I mean FRICKIN' AWESOME?Lovecraft + Minecraft =Lovecraft.
,Not Recommended,252630,21001308,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ryno the Rino,if you're easily scared i do not recomend it
76561198135756672,Recommended,252630,21381150,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,sbobo3113,This Is A Neat Little Game Called Eldritch. It Has Randomly generated Levels Combat And More.    There Are Shops That You can Buy Stuff With Rubies. There Are many Different Types Of Enemies:   Each Level has Its Own Unique Ones:            Overall i Give This Game a 8.5/10 Still Very fun And Enjoyable.
,Recommended,252630,10915629,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gourry_Inverse,"If you're a fan of H.P. Lovecraft's mythos, or just enjoy some simple Roguelike exploration, Eldritch is 100% for you.  Four worlds as of the time of this review, each one based upon various stories and beings within the Cthulhu mythos (including the infamous Mountains of Madness), brought to you in a Minecraft-style first person perspective.  Randomly-generated procedural labyrinths, some rudimentary resource management, mystical powers, irritable shopkeepers, dungeon exploration, death traps, invincible Shoggoths...  it's all there, watching.  Waiting.Welcome to the Library."
,Recommended,252630,8542137,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PastaPillows,"I'm on the fence whether to downvote this game or to upvote. I'll post it as an upvote for now, but I'm teetering on the edge, simply because of a few factors that are pretty noticable once you start playing for a while.The biggest factor being that it's too easy. Yes, sure, there's a new game plus, but the base game was so easy that I'm pretty sure that a new game plus wouldn't be too much harder to be honest.Another factor to consider is the length of the game. Had I not experimented with different features of this game and always played stealthily taking no chances, it's probably a three hour game at the very least.Now the good things about this game are that it has a stealth system, strikingly similar to that of Dishonored's. Dishonored was a great game to me; I replayed it many many times. So to have stealth similar to Dishonored's really made me ecstatic.I also like roguelikes, and this is definitely a roguelike. Although like I said before, it's a pretty easy roguelike, so it's not a ""true"" roguelike, if that makes sense.All in all, Eldritch IS a good game, but again, as I have said before, this game's VERY short and a little on the easy side. Definitely pick it up when it's on a sale."
76561198006487288,Not Recommended,252630,19416775,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,I feel it now,trash
,Recommended,252630,8268796,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,PikaTaco,"Amazing game.. like, its what i was really really hoping minecraft would do. its why i read the changelog of minecraft updates everytime a new patch came out. This game is great."
,Recommended,252630,11808310,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Aristotle,"Gameplay: Addictive Rogue-Like Action, with a dash of stealth & horrorArt Style: Ledgend of Zelda - Ocarina/Majoras meets MinecraftSound: Very unique and well executed+ Very atmospheric / Creepy/Scary done right+ Fun weapons/tools/abilities+ Interesting mechanics add to replayabilityCan definately reccommend. Especially to fans of the old school that want a new Rogue-like."
,Recommended,252630,16038143,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MurrayL,"Great atmosphere, and doesn't take too long to play.An excellent choice if you want a game you can open up for an occasional 15 minutes of fun."
76561198098395313,Recommended,252630,20986764,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MadManDan,"Randomly generated, tense action, risks, stealth, giant penguins, cultists to kill.  Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,252630,9268695,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Bong Kong,Nice game !
,Recommended,252630,13189954,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,dezukan,"I loved the books by H.P. Lovecraft, my most favorite was At the Mountains of Madness, and they made it look pretty close to what it was described as in the book, which is good.I highly recommend this game if you want to punch a cultist in the face"
76561197991757321,Recommended,252630,11865017,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,jamovitz Caulton,"This game is creepy,cute, and sometimes down right Ridiculous And I love it"
,Recommended,252630,11800896,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Troy,"This game is absolutely terrifying. great mash of lovecraftian themes, dungeon crawling and stealth/fps combat.Really atmospheric, music and sounds are genuinely creepy and put you on edge, gives a real lovecraft-victim vibe.Random generated dungeons replacing previous dungeons whenever you die make you think a lot harder about how you play but isnt irritating but actually adds a lot of depth to the game."
76561198025229877,Recommended,252630,11840726,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,laholder,OMRG ITS AMAZING
,Recommended,252630,11813544,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,✪ Trees,"I have barely played this game but I love it! Its addicting and fun. Never gets old. I mean whats better than punching fish people in the face? Punching penguins in the face. 10/10 Get this game to have some fun in your boring, lonely life."
76561198028194851,Recommended,252630,8576929,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BaronMcBoomBoom,"Awesome, old school, dungeon crawlin', Lovecraft inspired, retro feelin', god killin', sneaky stabbin', bomb flingin', six-shootin'  fun for all the family"
,Recommended,252630,25318733,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Skullkan6,"It doesn't have a lot of depth, it's not always that scary, but chances are if you think you might be into it you will enjoy it. In that case, buy it. There are horror elements, and it CAN be scary. Those first few hours and every time you enter a new area, it is actually pretty creepy.It's got elements of Dishonored, Deus Ex, Minecraft and a few more and they jell better than you may expect them to.Just know it's not really a brutally difficult survival horror game.It's a game that wants you to mess with its mechanics and see how you can exploit it, see how you can find a different way of getting around an obstable.That lack of real depth does make it very accessible however, and the base gameplay is still fun. My only real issue with the game is the level generation doesn't always make the route the the exit easy, sometimes requiring TNT to bust your way through.Note: If you are not finding it difficult enough, my best suggestion is to die and then try that same level again. Thanks to fountains and slowly accumulating resources, things do get easier as you keep playing. Each of the three areas you can unlock (possibly the expansions) is balanced for you having succeeded the previous one and accruing items from that. This does mean difficulty doesn't really raise more than slightly, although this may differ by your playstyle (Those ♥♥♥♥ing statues in the second area are brutal). Even just not having the Compass you get for free in the first area makes the game significantly harder."
76561198024981042,Recommended,252630,11817727,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,sourflesh,"Worth it. Fun rouguelike, nice attempt of non-euclidian geomtery and I just love the Lovecraft. Music, sound and general atmosphere add up to something creepy and entertaining. It would be great to see more levels in the library. I haven't beaten it as of this review, but I expect to play more."
,Not Recommended,252630,21937279,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Fatt Boi,"*This is entirely based on personal opinion but I think its worth sharing for a few people who might save their money.*I honestly like the themes and principles of this game quite a lot. It has unique and linear gameplay that still feels open-world and has consequences. The lovecraftian influence is a neat novelty, with interesting flavor.However:The game is very, very easy, relying mostly on grinding for supplies and unlocking powers and such. Most of all though, and this is entirely on me, I just find the Minecraft-homage graphics very ugly and distracting from the experience. A game meant to be so immersive and involved just loses all charm in faux 8-bit choppiness.To anyone this doesn't seem bad to, go for it! Neat ideas here. To those who agree with me, save your $15"
76561198010200247,Not Recommended,252630,22011419,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Kiel,"This game seems like it tries to be too many things at once, and fails at all of them. Though eldritch aspects are clearly evoked (shoggoths, lizardmen, and other things with altogether too many eyes and tentacles and not enough pleasantness), the game inspires no cosmic horror, instead creating jump-scare horror at best. The graphics and design don't feel pleasantly nostalgic, they simply feel like the creators didn't try too terribly hard and just labeled it a ""voxel"" game to ride that trend. The controls and interface are not user-friendly, and the gameplay swiftly becomes dreadfully same-y.As it is a roguelike, of course, your gameplay experience will be a bit different every time you play. But my experience was not one which made me at all interested in playing the game more than the earnest try I gave it; you can look at a pile of rubbish from many different angles, but that won't change what it fundamentally is."
,Recommended,252630,11812279,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Mulder,"Fun Lovecraft-inspired randomly generated FPS dungeon rogue-like game, its on sale often, so buy this game."
76561197963674701,Recommended,252630,25700544,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BeigeAlert,"The Basics: Lovecraftian 1st Person Rogue-likePrevious Time Spent: 45 minutesExpectation of learning Curve: lowWhy I bought this: Super-cheap steam sale, reviews, lovecraftian elementsFirst Impressions: Everything looks super blocky, giving it a minecraft feel, movement is quick and feels pretty floaty, and everything is fairly deadly (including the player, I managed to kill myself at one point by throwing a rock at something and having that rock bounce back into me). Monsters are a bit corny and predictable in their behavior, but the fragility of the main character makes any encounter with them a little terrifying. Lastly, this is a very vertical game, and it expects you to be thinking in 3 dimensions, looking for ways to get down, etc.My 3 hours: Like many roguelikes, this game presents a world that changes slightly each time you die, not allowing for memorization. Eldritch is centered around some kind of mystic library, in which our protagonist enters different worlds through books. The end goal of each book is to travel down several levels and find/grab the soul of a mythos god. This entails exploring a minecrafty map full of Lovecraftian themed monsters, think cultists, fishmen, old ones, and giant penguins. As you go deeper in each world, things get noticeably stranger, with the air being replaced by some kind of breathable fluid, and monsters getting far more terrifying.In these worlds, the player is aided by a mix of mundane equipment and magic powers which feel very close to the powers in Dishonored. The mundane equipment runs the gamut from the humble rock, dagger and revolver to the more exciting grappling gun, dynamite, or lockpick set. The magic abilities are great, and are bestowed to the player through statues of the great Cthulhu himself. In Eldritch, a player can only have 1 magic power at a time, and there is no way of knowing what you'll acquire from a new statue, so there's an interesting choice to be made any time you run into a statue in the cyclopean depths. I ran into the following powers in my playthroughs: teleportation, super-jumping, shoggoth summoning, and monster charming.Over the three hours that I played, I only managed to consistently finish one of the three settings open to me, and capture the soul of Dagon. I spent a decent amount of time in a Mountains of Madness themed setting, and an ancient Egyptian/Nyarathotep themed map. Both of which were weird and challenging, although I'll admit to having enjoyed my seemingly endless delve into the penguin and shoggoth filled ice-caverns of death the most.My Highlight:  Gaining the ability to teleport, and finding myself actually caring about my character's survival. Finishing the Dagon area with this character before diving into the Mountains of Madness, and eventually dying in my retreat from a Shoggoth in some kind of icy trap.My Verdict:  Eldritch is a game with simple core systems, a decent amount of challenge, and enough variety to eat up a number of afternoons. I'd recommend it if you don't mind slightly loose movement.Next post will be on October 9th, where I'll be reviewing Endless Space, a 4x game. produced by the same folks that made the celebrated Endless Legend.Posted by Jon Carnes at 8:47 AM"
,Recommended,252630,28720291,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TeyKey1,First journey:*Finds Revolver*Sees Monster*Monster gets hit 3 times*No ammo left*Monster still alive*Monster hits me 2 times*instinctively throws empty revolver at Monster*Monster dies10/10 Would throw revolver again
13859075209842654,Recommended,252630,11842060,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bean,Shoggoths never die
76561198043843807,Recommended,252630,16750843,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jimmy,A wizard shot me with a fireball so I punched him to death lol
76561198022022636,Recommended,252630,16370387,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SuperDude,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ed in the head! I probably won't be playing it anymore, but I can't possibly refund this."
76561198086871533,Recommended,252630,8673292,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,OrionThePunter,"I am a librarian dashing through Lovecraft's imagination, shooting fish people in the mouth and farting all the way. Buy this now."
,Recommended,252630,11803598,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Patrick with a Party Horn,"I mean, I guess its interesting. I havent played much of it, but i am a bit concerned since I have yet to face a real challenge."
,Recommended,252630,10922655,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,scorozo,"There are two things about this game does that makes the gameplay better then a lot of AAA games.1. In most games when you die you go ""oh no, I have to do that all over again"" and eventually ""OH PLEASE GOD! NO MORE!""But this is not an issue in this game because the levels are different each time.2. The issue in a lot of AAA games these days is that they have these long fancy animations for each action you do in the game. So you can run at an enemy and attack then say ""this was a bad idea,"" and try to run, only the person you are controlling is still doing the animation so you can't run and end up getting killed. In this game that is not an issue, as soon as you press the button the action happens, finishes, and is ready for the next action.The issue I have with the game is that even though the QUALITY is very good the QUANTITY is not. This is because the game was made by only one person… I think (no, I can't be bothered to check). I hope that AAA games can learn something from this game."
,Recommended,252630,12825148,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Biski,"Surprisingly creepy and very original, but short. The atmosphere in Eldritch is great. The art, ambient sounds, and music all come together to create a truly unique setting. The game takes about 3-5 hours to play through and once you've played through it the first time it kind of loses its appeal the 2nd play-through. Easily worth the purchase if you can get it on sale, or if you don't mind paying full price for a good game. I loved the 4 hours of gaming I got from the game though.7/10, would be higher if the game was longer or had any replay value."
,Recommended,252630,20277754,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sahneisttoll,"Things i LOVE about Eelritch1.The STONE is a mostly ONEHIT killing machine.2.If you use macro on jump, you can fly/jump very HIGH if it fast with spamming.3.Its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hard cus i tryan get fast thruh it"
76561198078573009,Recommended,252630,9800693,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"this game is amazing, but you'll need walkthroughs or you'll get the bad ending. that kinda sucked playing the game and getting a bad ending then reading online that i have to find secret wall for secret items to get the good ending......still worth playing once in you life."
,Not Recommended,252630,16531983,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"Short game, easy to complete, has a few nice gimmicks, but overall not that amazing."
,Recommended,252630,32896940,Posted: 27 June,all,felixgauce,"really good and fun game , its worth what it cost or even more. only sad part is how short it is."
76561198028339964,Recommended,252630,10180416,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Tales,Goddamn stone lizards!0/10
,Recommended,252630,16626380,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lueshie [GorePixelGames],"One of them games you remeber for being good, it just felt so natural to play and the atmosphere it brang made me feel as if i wanted to play it , its very rare for a game to have atmosphere on such a homely feel.9.4/10"
,Recommended,252630,32516866,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Cool pixely roguelike adventure through several areas with odd enemies.
,Recommended,252630,13123235,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Nasalathotep,"This game starts where other lovecraftian tales end! You are surrounded by unnameable terrors from outer space, and you know your sanity has already left you, because them creatures look so... cute! <3Edit: Ten Hours later: This game is more fun than it might look like! No, it's not an original Binding of Isaac, but I think it's way better than buying the same game again for another load of achievements! And no, it's not about achievements in this game, and you won't get uberpowered stuff to fill the screen, while your enemies always try to get more unfair... Eldritch is just pure rogue-like survival, nothing more and nothing less!You like Indies, just for that? Get it! Now!You like lovecraftian stuff and hard gaming? This is for you!You only like hard gaming? Give it a try!You like Penguins? Give it a try!You dislike Penguins? Give it a try!You dislike lovecraftian stuff? So what? Give it try anyway!You like lovecraftian stuff likeNecronomiconorDarkness Withinonly? Why are you even reading this?!"
,Recommended,252630,11957210,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Bjorn Toulouse,"The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age."
76561198257395401,Recommended,252630,28546564,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CarnageCat,My all time favorite game right now!
,Recommended,252630,8264294,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,FFSoul,Eyeball Punching Simulator
,Recommended,252630,35134129,Posted: 22 September,all,Scythe Plays,"Eldritch is a fantastic roguelike game! I only recently bought the Steam version, but I've played through the first campaign. There's tons of different randomly generated dungeons to explore and the controls feel great!If interested, here's the first episode in my Let's Playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEQwkYsPK8k"
76561198182648822,Recommended,252630,16830227,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nomad,"Had a mini heart attack when I went to the Asylum and encountered some white thing.Punched it, thought I killed it, and as I stood over its hideous body, it popped back up and was all in my face.I ran, They are everywhere.Threw dynamite, got swarmed, panicked.Hid in room with a closed door.Thought I was safe, door flew open. The End.10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again."
76561198098389641,Recommended,252630,18141271,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,its ok
,Recommended,252630,7478069,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,GameDragonZero,"An interesting Rougelike mixing randomness and roguelikes, cartoony Lovecraftianism, and stealth/survival.  It's a simple but precise affair - explore three random dungeons to find artifacts and escape.  Only you have to do it in one go and each dungeon gets harder and weirder.  You can save some cash between levels for use when you die, but otherwise it's pretty hardcore.  Not perfect and a bit unpolished, but it delivers its challenge effectively and seems to be intended to be simple, straightfoward, and hard.  The sound effects and more-disturbing-over-time enemies are the most effective part of the game.  I'm not sure on the replayability and if every gamer is willing to make so many endurance runs over and over, so I can't give it a complete thumbs up.  However it's precise, effective delivery is praiseworthy and it can be strangely compelling if you're the kind of person who likes learning from defeat."
,Recommended,252630,31140868,Posted: 14 April,all,THE_YETI,"fun game, maybe priced a little too high for what it is though"
,Recommended,252630,34878721,Posted: 11 September,all,DoomTainted,Very nice game for 1.20€
,Recommended,252630,34828830,Posted: 8 September,all,SghettiSquid,Kill the merchant.
76561197966782189,Recommended,252630,35089131,Posted: 20 September,all,Leroy,Good
,Recommended,252630,31618661,Posted: 7 May,all,Happy Camper,"Fun as heck and cheap as heck. I just wish it were a bit spookier/harder..Frog men and lung boys aren't exactly the scariest, especially since they all have the same man-grunt (Hep? Ah! Uh!).And attacking knocks back and interrupts channels (dagger and fist are a bit overpowered).Still an interisting and awesome game, and I love me some rogue-likes. Try it out, its great!"
,Recommended,252630,18467251,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,dechorus,"Eldritch is essentially Spelunky in first person that plays like Dishonored and looks like Minecraft. It's fun and engrossing, controls extremely well, and strikes a moody tone. I bought the game for a $1.50 but would have happily paid somewhere between $5 - $10."
76561198020766718,Recommended,252630,21029877,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,aCdhell,Great game.RL with stealth.
,Recommended,252630,21015908,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pugu,This game is weird for all the right reasons.
,Recommended,252630,12714483,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[GRAHAM OF THAL],Got killed by Man Fish making deepthroating noise. 10/10 would play again.
,Not Recommended,252630,9640779,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Ⓐlex Slime,"Garbage, lacks features or depth. AI is a joke."
76561197970492464,Not Recommended,252630,8772437,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,jas0n,"I wanted to like this game as I'm a fan of Lovecraft. But I found that I did not. I didn't really know what was going on, why I should care what was going on or how the game was supposed to progress. I'm sure some will enjoy this but it didn't grab me."
,Not Recommended,252630,10065647,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,BamTizle,"Fun for the first level, but impossable after that, especialy the stone angel lizard things. if you like games that make u rage then get this"
,Recommended,252630,7479863,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Tweed,"It's Minecraft! And by Minecraft I mean an action platformer style roguelike with gameplay mechanics right out of Thief: The Dark Project and a casting system like Clive Barker's Undying so you know, it's not really like Minecraft at all. It's also short and deceptive, the first few levels are pathetically easy as is most of the game in general, then you get to NG + and it devours your soul."
76561198014154790,Not Recommended,252630,11869245,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,BaleFire77,"blocky graphics, and uninteresting gameplay.   wasn't worth the money(and i got it when it was 80% off)"
,Not Recommended,252630,15680833,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MASK de Smith,A little too simplistic; nice atmosphere and level generation but rather boring to play.
,Recommended,252630,8224037,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The One Who Laughs,"think about minecraft and Lovecraft Novels together, with a spit of Binding of IsaacYou get Eldrichtand it's Awesome"
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,252630,16403848,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,this game is one of the biggest pieces of crap on steam. nothing else to say
76561198045285245,Recommended,252630,22839103,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"I don't know how I spent 11 hours on this, musta' been a lotta' idle, because there is not enough content, that I found, like three years ago when I played this first, to carry over for that long."
,Recommended,252630,11929055,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mister D.,love it
76561198138928884,Recommended,252630,21501629,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SuicidalRabbits,good
,Recommended,252630,9250473,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Fain,"Slow start but there is a bunch of things to explore and lots to do. I didn't get too far, got lost on where I was going, but I did like the controls and the overall feel of the game. Could be lots of fun."
76561198056340423,Recommended,252630,21407982,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The White Hawk,Its oddly good...
,Not Recommended,252630,19051553,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Baron Von Vidovic,"Here is why I - DO NOT GET THIS GAME.Yes, the videos make it look kinda fun and enjoyable. Its not. I was looking for a game that I could start and stop randomly that never got boring like Nuclear Throne. When this game was on sale for a dollar, I got it so I could at least see if it was fun. it wasnt. I got bored in the first 5 minuts. Here's a list why.Bad-Only two usefull weapons: the knife and the gun. Everything else is useless, weak or only lasts once.-Grappling hook does not even work like a grapple. It creates a ladder which is very glitchy.-Graphics get really annoying-More boring and extrmely repetitive (more than minecraft story mode)-Stupid. If you dont know what to do, find dynomite and blow up the dungeon.-The saggoth is incredibly hard to kill. I used 20 shots from my pistol and it didnt die. Most creatures die from one shot.-You dont have a body. You can barely see your arms if at all, and you cant see your feet.-Most monsters are super easy to kill and are really boring.-You will die everytime from the stupidest thing and get annoyed and bored very quickly.GoodN/A"
76561197972639043,Not Recommended,252630,18127862,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,the finpig ︻デ═一,"I see how they wanted to make it cool by maybe making it a bit like minecraft but.....no, just no.IN MY WORDS IT'S A BIG STUFFF UP!AND NOTHING BUT THAT!I WASTED MY PRECIOUSE STEAM MONEY ON THAT GAME SO DON'T YOU MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE!I BEG YOU!"
76561198064617964,Not Recommended,252630,30989150,Posted: 6 April,all,jakeupinfinity,The game has a lot of cool elements but doesn't feel like even the first mode is finished. Eldritch suffers from some bugs as well as not being balanced very well. I feel like it lacks direction and continuity coming from someone who likes strange and difficult games.
,Recommended,252630,22506787,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Legit1,This game is 15$? i got it on sale 4 0.49$ XDDDDDDDDDD. anyways this game is a really good game. I'd suggest you wait until its on sale because 15$ is ALOT for this game. The only thing i would say to the creators is to make more maps and add new weapons and different thingzzzzzzzz ~YoMama2015/2016/2017xddddddddddddd
,Recommended,252630,14024047,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Church,"Look, say what you will about the low quality graphics, simple level design, repeatative textures/levels/enemies/etc, but it's got a Cthulhu shopkeeper. I needed that in my life. A+ 10/10 would shop again."
76561198194515775,Recommended,252630,28786794,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Batm@n,good game
76561197985064295,Not Recommended,252630,20324535,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Slasher (of prices),"An acquired taste, I'd say..."
,Recommended,252630,21401724,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,fri_freeman,"There's cultists that could be bashed by rocks, fishmen that could be bashed by rocks, weird sand men thingy that could be bashed by rocks but it will revive again so why bother, shoggoths that DEFINITELY COULDN'T be bashed by rocks, and statues that's immobile and doesn't do anything but spoiler: if you look away from it it will hurt you, but if you look at it again it will just pretend to be immobile boring statue, andit couldn't be bashed by rocks."
76561198065054598,Recommended,252630,21326235,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,davesothoth,the shoggoths are terrifying :(
,Recommended,252630,21064278,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,juanchoclo,"So, Do you thing FNAF is scary?, That amnesia is scary?, That Outlast is scary?HA, You don't even know what scary is until you get to the nyarlathotep level."
76561198005500636,Recommended,252630,16605749,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,widd3rmal,Such cthulhu. Wow. Much Ftagn!Would pray to great Dagon again!10/10
,Recommended,252630,25403805,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,sonyguy,10/10 loving it
,Recommended,252630,12870300,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Hams Galaxy,"Fart sniffers, weenies, and♥♥♥♥♥♥muskets stay away. Cause this game is too cool for you. 2/10"
76561198044293951,Not Recommended,252630,18509327,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Viola Raan,"I tried to get a creepy atmosphere, tried to overlook the minecraft Graphics and say its not about the Graphics. But it is.The game is no Fun at all. There is no point when you can just rush through it. I mean, no point at all. Nothing is a thraet to you when you are twice as fast as any monster."
,Recommended,252630,11802004,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Saint Satan,I only played it briefly but I'll give some quick thoughts on it so people can get it while it's on sale.  I see this definitly being worth $3.  It's far better than Delver was and it has much more content.  It also seems to be made a lot better than Delver.  Get it if you're interested in first person rouge-likes.
76561198028879098,Recommended,252630,31617400,Posted: 7 May,all,Dad,"I bought this game because I wanted to start expanding my game library, and it was on sale for a 1.49. Worth every cent. Thought the game looked stupid, but it's surprisingly fun."
,Recommended,252630,13798214,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,yuru,First person dungeon crawler. Contains some cool mechanics like blowing up walls and floors with explosives to create new passages.
76561198315626015,Recommended,252630,34996312,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Fun game about crawling through dungeons. Challenging, but fun."
76561198020144608,Recommended,252630,21232023,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,252630,13072482,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Nerd House,"There is something moving around on the other side of this wall. I can hear it shuffling and dripping some kind of unspeakable ichor as it slides over the ruined stonework. I have only my knife and a rock to keep me safe in this cyclopean hell and I must make it back to the relative safety of the labyrinthine library. A giggle rises from my lips, but I quickly silence myself. I cannot afford to lose my sanity in these deep corridors. I creep forward, darting my view in all directions. Suddenly, there is a dreadful noise behind me! I turn whilst steeling myself against this fresh horror… Awwww! It’s just the sweetest looking Deep One I’ve ever laid my eyes on! Come here, li’l guy! Come – OH GOD, WHY IS IT KILLING ME?Eldritch, by Minor Key Games, is a first-person roguelike set in a blocky Lovecraftian fantasy. It’s unforgiving of mistakes, and it’s so dang adorable, you’ll want to hug every deadly enemy you see. Next thing you know, you’re looking at the death screen, getting ready to resurrect back in the mysterious library.Like any good Lovecraftian horror, Eldritch begins with forbidden knowledge. You awaken in a library. Endless shelves of books, tables, and reading lamps surround you. The only exit requires the acquisition of three magical orbs to unlock. Reading one of three glowing books in the middle of the library will transport you to a deadly realm filled with traps and monsters. Your exploration of these three randomly generated dungeons will net you loot, weapons, and the orbs that will free you from imprisonment. Dying puts you back in the library. The catch? You have to gather the orbs in one life. If you die before you unlock the exit, you’ll lose any orbs you have returned to the library, forcing you to gather them again.The first dungeon you go into is easy. It’s baby’s first roguelike. You’ll be punching cultists, Deep Ones, and beetles to death. You’ll run through the halls with abandon. You’ll be given a magic spell by praying at a statue of Dagon and the artifacts that power your spell will litter the ground. You’ll find a revolver and you’ll never run out of bullets because looting the dead gives more ammo than you spent. The knife is god-tier. You’ll grab the first orb and you’ll teleport back to the library thinking, “This is it?” It’s a trap. In the second dungeon, you’ll run into deadlier monsters that will laugh at your ineffectual flailing. Your gun will never have enough bullets. The hissing Serpent Men will chase you. You’ll begin hoarding the increasingly scarce spell-powering artifacts. You’ll realize that the gameplay resembles Dishonored with its sneaking, spells, and assassinations. Just as you’re getting your groove again, a Shoggoth will crush you with it’s cuddly black tentacles. Awwww.You’ll wake up back in the library.That’s when the deeper mechanics of Eldritch start to make sense. There’s a lean button for a reason. Crouching makes you stealthier. Looting the enemies you kill makes them respawn somewhere else in the level. A rock can be the best ranged weapon because it’s quiet and you can recover the missile after you’ve thrown it. The knife is best used in sneak attacks from behind or above. Bottles can be thrown as a distraction. The Shoggoth will kill other denizens of the dungeon for you if you lead him into them. Spell-powering artifacts can be banked in a treasure chest so you don’t lose everything when you die. You’ll discover that you can purchase weapons and power-ups from oddball merchants. Do you want to keep your artifacts for spells, or spend them on boots that let you leap higher? You can unlock shortcuts to deeper dungeons, but zipping right to harder levels without getting some better equipment is a mistake. Finally, a Chthonian Worm will bite you to death with its lovable lamprey mouth. Awwww.You’ll wake up in the library again.The screen that informs you that you’ve died again has a button that lets you tweet the manner of your death to the world. It’s a painful reminder that Eldritch could really benefit from leaderboards or at least achievements to chronicle your struggles against the forces of cosmic terror. It’s hard to play any roguelike without a scoreboard after Spelunky’s wonderful daily challenges. No matter. Unlike Spelunky, most players will see the end before their hundredth death. Onwards! There are cute monsters to kill.This time, you’ll use the run-and-crouch move to slide through a hole as a Spawn of Cthulhu chases after you. This spell lets you teleport behind that Deep One and stick him in the back before the nearby cultist knows what happened. There’s the orb! If you can only reach it before the moaning horror catches up to you! Nope. You weren’t watching your step and the collapsing floor dropped you right next to your Shoggoth friend. Awwww.Back to the library with you.Recommended"
76561198296379786,Not Recommended,252630,33153049,Posted: 2 July,all,D1SGR4CEFULD3AD,"this game was fun at Dagon's temple. A bit tedious, yet still somewhat interesting and coolThen i was introduced to nylarlhotep's world/temple.That's when this game turned from fun to utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Unkillable mummy-thingsLizard-Men that can two-shot youand those GODDAMN WEEPING ANGEL BS LIZARDMEN STATUES THAT ONESHOT YOU AND HAVE NO CONSISTENCY IN THEIR REASONING ON TELEPORTING BEHIND YOU.and the cherry on the♥♥♥♥♥♥flavored cake is that you must do this all in one beautiful run. no mistakes , no ♥♥♥♥-ups, or else, you lose ALL of the souls you've acquired up to this point, and your back to square one. fighting your way through all of the dungeons AGAIN to eventually die AGAIN and to do all of it AGAINRefunded."
,Not Recommended,252630,25028207,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Severen,The game gets boring very quickly. There is not much to do.
,Recommended,252630,19271515,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] -------------------O-------------- [Fantastic]
,Not Recommended,252630,18466635,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Razebeard,"Don't get why this game calls itself lovecraftian when it really doesn't offer anything that defines the trope. Enemies are bland, dumb and you have to try really hard to get scared by them.Combat is also somehow even less enjoyable than Minecraft's."
,Not Recommended,252630,11812118,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Just Offscreen,"Imagine a game where it's just the dungeon spelunking part of minecraft plus something like spelunky. Also make the graphics really terrible, and kind of not fun. There you go."
,Not Recommended,252630,10562253,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jokerleouf,"Well, I don't really know what to say : I loved it, but it's far too ♥♥♥♥ingly short, and there's a severe lack of items, ennemies etc... buy it if it's on sale, but don't think it's like the binding of isaac in term of replay value. Oh, yes, I almost forgot : the graphics are cool, I love them."
,Not Recommended,252630,15228622,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kranchan,It makes me motion sick. :(
76561198045136656,Not Recommended,252630,15211751,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ratman,"Here is my issue with this otherwise good game. There is no inventory system even though there are a decent number of tools and weapons, and money is the only thing you can stache. I don't mind the lack of interaction with NPCs or the fact that you can only do ""quests"", which is probably the wrong word for it. you can only steal from shop keepers, you're the only human, or person really. The stealth doesn't really feel like it even works, or is possible with the behavier of enemies and their placement. I wouldn't recomend it but maybe that's because it's not for me."
,Not Recommended,252630,20025209,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,rtrb,"Unintuitive controls that give the option of using an Xbox 360 controller like how drinking water is also optional, and that put me off."
76561197997650981,Not Recommended,252630,16802043,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BlueBot,"Its starts off fun, gets old very quickly. Fun for a few hours at least."
,Recommended,252630,21083193,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,「Mentle」ゴ,"A fine example of roguelike(lite?) done right. This game has, at first glance, mucky graphics, but do fit well with everything that happens within the actual game. It has dungeon crawler written all over it, and the HP Lovecraft feel/inspiration is enough to grasp fans and unfamiliars alike. The game has solid gameplay, basic controls with very little to learn. It's forgiving at times, and unforgiving the next. It has a very nice simplistic feel to it with a bit of story tacked on, but not in a bad way. If you want it solely because you want a decent roguelike, pick it up. If you like HP Lovecraft, pick it up. If you want a decent mystery/horror game, pick it up.Overall?: 8/10.It will keep you gripped for a long while to come, and it's easily addictive. Being the roguelike it cherishes itself to be, it will be able to have some high replayability. There is a bit of a learning curve to overcome, but nothing too threatening."
,Not Recommended,252630,15924385,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Karate Robo Zaborgar,this game is based on stephen king books and you run around and you eventually die but you try not to. also you get magic spells and knifes and guns. oh and you can change how your character looks which is nice but you never get to see your character cuz it's fps. theres monsters like this frog thing guy and snakes and a floating blob.
,Recommended,252630,11802997,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Gairaku,GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,252630,27302198,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grundle Goblin,underated
76561198036591606,Recommended,252630,27749988,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snip-pi ♡,"This is an amazing game, I was spooked even."
,Recommended,252630,12703792,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rango,Good and funny Game.!But only for Lovecraft real Fans. !
,Recommended,252630,22048073,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,this is my favorite fps evergranted im not super into the fps genre but i think this game is really a cut above the restyou kinda die a lot at first as you learn how things work but once you get it down you find you can craft a lot of cool really intelligent workarounds for challenges you face with careful planning and observation and other times you find that the best solution is sprinting past a bunch of monsters and crouch sliding into a hole and falling down two storiesso its pretty cool no matter what happens
76561198009721689,Not Recommended,252630,13240811,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,mental home,"Never buy This, lose money"
76561198067600253,Not Recommended,252630,11950103,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Cooolio Jims,"A bit of an disappointment. Feels like a rough plash game you can find online. I don't really find it too attractive to be honest. Pretty repetitive. You basically just go around kill monsters, collect weapons, ammo, health and keys and kill more monsters....It doesn't have much of a plot either. :/ Meh you can buy it when it's on sale at 75% but otherwise it's kind of boring."
,Recommended,252630,8127251,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MasonDaPope,i enjoyed it alot better then spelunky in my opinion
,Recommended,252630,8578399,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Genebris,"Very interesting game. Every level is split into 3 floors and every room can have some small building, so you really navigate in all 3 dimensions, and third dimension is used a lot. You often can sneak above the enemies, jump from one roof to another then fall down to stab someone from the back and then slide to a cover. Stealth system is good, fighting is simple, different magic spells, different items, everything is very cool. No stupid cutscenes or tons of dialogues.Also, you can throw a rock at the enemy, and it can ricochet back at you and deal damage to you! Totally awesome!"
,Not Recommended,252630,31073640,Posted: 11 April,all,Kanna-Gumi,"Not worth the $15 price tag, I got this on sale for $3 and it very much feels like an unfinished mess, the fact you respawn so easily with no real negative reprecussion other than losing your inventory ruins the horror motif, the monsters are scripted in mundane ways that dont give you the variety or spice needed to keep you interested for more than maybe a few minutes, I got bored of this game  in about an hour before dropping play on it entirely"
76561198093115200,Recommended,252630,23737144,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ansieda,yes
,Recommended,252630,12296311,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jesse-Star,All hail the GOD of fire!...
76561198073038949,Recommended,252630,10626229,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Buddy Ol' Pal,"Excellent design and ideas put into the game, only thing I would say could be improved? Put in multiplayer! It would be immensely fun for all the players. Or what if you joined a server whenever you opened a portal/book? If you joined a server with a hand-full of players and everyone tried to find the exit. If that was team based that'd be good too rihgt? Sorry for the rambling, bottom line this game is already awesome and few tweaks are needed!"
,Not Recommended,252630,32705157,Posted: 23 June,all,C-zom,"This will be one of my shorter reviews than usual. Maybe even my shortest, as there is only so much to say.As a short little adventure title for pennies on sale most of the time, Eldritch is cool. It has an interesting depth to the levels and enough equipment and spells to keep you amused. But I suppose I'll be the first one on these reviews to address the elephant in the room; how the hell are Lovecraft fans supposed to enjoy this? This is just like Cthulhu Saves the World.Seeing Lovecraft and his vision for a horrorifying, pessimistic, hopeless universe in multimedia can occasionally be rewarding but is ultimately frustrating. His writing is cumbersome, the themes are heavier than the books they're in, his characters are two dimensional and his racism is profound. But within that mire of faults and error is a diamond; his ability to invoke fear, ask horrible questions with awful answers, and question our place in the cosmos. He does this by using his literary tropes similar to how one uses magnifying glasses on ants.And then there are the monsters. The Elder Gods. The Old Ones. The interesting but underdeveloped worldbuilding exposition he used to cover his laymans knowledge of the occult, to plug in the gaps where ghouls and ghosts would wander in the Gothics of old. And the mainstream has latched onto these beings like a cancer and love to tout the tentacled plushies, trinkets, and alphabet network TV show references to them while completely foresaking both their intention and source.Eldritch does this in spades.2/5: Worth it on sale for voxel adventure fans. Lovecraft fans in hopes for an homage, beware.Pros:*Colorful, cute, interesting graphics with a fun take on voxel exploration/indie games.*Sound design is great. Loved the music, too.*Hilariously short. A little replayable. Some decent equipment/item/combat choices.Cons:*As Lovecraftian as Cthulhu Saves the World.*Totally devoid of atmosphere or story.*Tends to take long jabs at the fanbase, source material, and embellishes its black sarcasm towards these too much.*Meaningless procedural generation because there are only three biomes max.*Combat is no more complex than Terraria or Minecraft, maybe even simpler."
,Recommended,252630,12494954,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Th3DuckOnQuack,3 spooky five me.
,Not Recommended,252630,10028023,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Alien,"The game is extremly easy. For a game that dare have the Rogue-like tag, its a damn shame.I played the game for 2 to 3 hours, died 4 times (1 was because I went inside the DLC world which is the hardest) and I managed to finish the gameJust by having the stealth boot and a knife, I was litterally set for life. Ammo isn't scarse. I could end up very quickly with 40 ammo, and only run out of it at the near end.The powers you can get ingame are either useless or overpowered, luckly you can only have one on you at all timeOne could make me unlock doors, making the keys uselessThe second one was teleport, which was utherly uselessThe last one was the Cloaking power, which I never used because I had stealth boot could have made me overpowered if I wanted to, be invisible AND unheard makes you unkillableFor its current price (15 US$) I do not recommend it.Its boring after the first playthrought, it took me less than 3 hours to finish it and I feel scammed out of my money.This aint a Rogue-like game..."
,Recommended,252630,12700633,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Vic Vyper,Killed by a penguin 10/10
,Recommended,252630,12717465,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ARMY BOI,I KILLED A FLYING EYEBALL WITH A BOTTLE.10/10 GOTY
76561198014229134,Recommended,252630,8679705,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dorok,"It's a great unique stealth fps with levels like you have never seen before.Don't buy it for those reasons:- It's only a light Roguelike, ie the difficulty isn't high, the randomization is just fair, don't buy it for this aspect.- It uses Lovecraft lore as thematic and there's some parts with a nice mood plus some interesting implementation of some monsters, but don't look for a Lovecraft game.But you could buy it for those reasons:- It is very fun from the fps stealth point of view, the stealth gameplay is quite intuitive and feels more natural than usual.- It has huge large levels with an extreme exploitation of heights as almost no fps made use at this level, one exception I know is the old fps Po'ed. That levels design would be enough to justify the use of sample graphics, to allow such large and complex levels inside descent production cost.- The levels have a fair randomization, but they have also an accurate tuned design for the exploration and progression point of view.- It offers a good range of tools to manage the levels in different ways.- Some monsters are quite unique, without to spoil anything, one really worth the quote, some statues you really need experiment in the game.Overall it's a game aimed to be relatively short but quite intense. The rogue-like aspect uses the fair randomization and helps increase the duration. It's a light fps stealth game with unique large levels exploiting intensively the heights, some parts succeed generate a rather good mood despite the low budget on graphics and sounds."
76561198023129559,Recommended,252630,8223329,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Legendary Mr. Mug,King's field+minecraft = win
76561198010202757,Recommended,252630,12703471,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Chili King,THis game changed my life. In a positive way.. I guess. Yeah umm there were ghouls and pumpkin mages. cya
,Not Recommended,252630,8028030,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Grabax,"Cons1. i have beated game in 1h --- no comment here2. sneaking is useless --- monsters are dumb3. combat is easy    --- monster are dumb and easly killed4. game got like 6 useable items? --- lol...5. It birng shame to hp lovecraft universe,Pros1. Random generated maps are allways prosas rouge-like/dungeon creawlers gamer im seriously dissapointed3/10"
,Not Recommended,252630,29906825,Posted: 13 February,all,Lord Ragnaros,"Honestly, this is a solid game. Interesting, humerous, lots of awesome lovecraftian stuff, and it actually does require intelligence. Even the graphics can be looked over in favor of story. The problem is the price. Fifteen dollars for ANOTHER exploration game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ - sorry, stylized graphics - is just too much. I'd give this game five dollars, maybe ten. I largely just picked it up because i'm a sucker for lovecraft and I expected there to be more than just the relative usual. But nope!Really, don't buy this unless it's on sale."
,Recommended,252630,26941727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Τίτος Αλεπού,Great game but a bit too hard for me :c
76561198019023880,Not Recommended,252630,12922147,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Waaabafet!,"Maybe I have to read more Lovecraft to appreciate it better, maybe I have to play it more or maybe it's just a bad game.Didn't enjoy it.Also minecraft graphics is aids."
,Recommended,252630,27305316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doc. Daryl FNxD,I was so deeply in this game that when my wife came behind and scared me I actually screamed like a little girl.10/10 would be scared again.
76561198035054806,Not Recommended,252630,11804186,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,sara_bear,Look this game is on my list for why on earth did I buy this game. Ok it now has cards. BUT the graphics say 1990. The play says  1986. This game is the most bad us of H.P Lovecraft EVER. A total shame.
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,252630,14523089,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,not fun
,Not Recommended,252630,34803524,Posted: 7 September,all,do not disturb,"Too little content. For 1.19€ is ok I guess. I refunded this because I saw everithing in the game in less than 2 hrs, so yeah, pretty repetitive."
,Not Recommended,252630,23544603,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Tackleberry,Poop and fart.
,Not Recommended,252630,8152875,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Paxamator,"I really don't know what to say about this game. Seems too easy, not a lot of features. Just really strange overall. I somewhat like some of the visuals. I recommend buying it on sale to play if you get bored."
,Recommended,252630,7650791,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Call of edlircuthulu okay i don't know what to do here gonna keep typing hope something amusing comes up nope just a phone call gotta get that its my mom nothing big but i gotta talk to her don't lie to me
,Not Recommended,252630,12855288,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,252630,12709261,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,hauser,it's cool for maybe 10 minutes but gets boring fast
,Not Recommended,252630,33164491,Posted: 2 July,all,Bandit Boyo,Perma-death Sucks
,Not Recommended,252630,12385791,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,m o j i,"Fun, but too short and the ♥♥♥♥ING ENDING"
,Not Recommended,252630,12226694,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,boring and looks stupid
,Not Recommended,252630,8223844,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SciBear,Ugh... even a sale price of $2.99 is too much...  avoid...
,Not Recommended,252630,28219937,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lopper,"Fun at first until you realize all the flaws. You barely get any health so you have to watch your step at every turn which is a pain and then all the levels are random so you might not get any good weapons or anything and the only ways to upgrade is to find a shop somewhere in one of the levels or some other random thing you need to find and most of the time you can't get there before dying. There's not even any point trying to get upgrades or anything because once you die it's all gone, making it feel like you're making no progress at all. There's currency which you can use in the shops but it's pointless because when you die you lose it unless you store it in a safe box but then you need to take it out just to spend it so there's no point taking any out cause you'll probably die before using it. Also you pretty much can't beat the game at all unless you do it all in one session because there's some orbs you need to get and sure when you get them you unlock another level and that stays but the orbs you place on some pedastal which unlocks some door don't stay so you have to redo levels all over again anyway. Some of the enemies aren't fair at all like stone monsters that attack you when you aren't looking and they don't bloody die and some other monster that just doesn't die no matter how many times you knock it down so really this game is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fine if you like replaying the same random levels over and over again but it's not for me."
76561198045361359,Recommended,252630,10466994,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,crispyfish,"Great graphics, enviroments, and fun.The downside is the map system and level layout are pretty dang confusing, death basically means you have to start all over from scratch so progression is difficult, and someitmes the game is a little too ambiguous in what you are suppose to do, or what things do.But pretty fun!"
,Recommended,252630,10387420,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,[WAH!]vulture987,"I really like this game. The dude who made this game knocked it out in a few months, then made the MoM expansion later, and that shows in the variety of gameplay shift from the early levels to MoM.This game is best played with a friend or two that you can switch off with on each level/death, on a big TV, with big picture and a controller. This is a horror game, but it isn't literally frightening like Nosferatu, it is just super tense and amusing. Go for it if you are a fan of action/stealth/exploration."
,Recommended,252630,19326769,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Future Ivy,"A fantastic rouge-like styled after the classic horror novels by H.P. Lovecraft with difficulty only matched by its tense atmosphere and wonderful diversity in each play. It's by no means simple and you most certainly won't complete it in your first ten, twenty, fifty attempts! Heck, even with a huge statement like that I've only put a hearty 12+ hours into it so it's most certainly ""learnable."" It all relies on how quickly you can gracefully adapt to the game's changing environments... And I do mean gracefully. After mastering the game's controls (running, jumping, sliding, leaping and all that will be used quite frequently) you almost feel like you're being thrown around the map! On top of that you have a simple but hardly repetitive group of enemies to deal with ranging from fish-men to flying... organs? It's easy to conclude ""well this is just impossible"" but the game actually does have quite a few ways to completing it! Throwing yourself into the storm over and over won't do you much good so it's always good to take on a strategy. I've recently found stealthiness to be the ultimate path but you do have to be ready to lose some 35-50 minutes instantly from simple mistakes. If you don't feel like taking on all ""three"" worlds at once (it's difficult beyond comprehension but I've done it multiple times!) you can also try the Mountains of Madness: 10 levels ofpure hellto retrieve your plane keys (keeping close to the books as always) and then heading all 10 levels back up to the surface! Fun alternative, right? Except.... Well, It's super tense and you'll get lost more than once as it begins to feel more like a labyrinth.SPOILERS/TIPSA great way to start any campaign is by grabbing the compass from Dagon [The first world ] and returning to The Library. Next you'll probably want to do the Trick or Treat world [ the pumpkin in the bar area ] be prepared to spend about 2-5 minutes here gathering materials for your next run! After you've grabbed a grappling hook and a gun with over 15+ ammo, return to The Library and re-enter Dagon. Complete the first world as so:[for beginners]:-Always look for a way down and try not to re-enter previously entered rooms-Avoid looting dead bodies... and don't waste ammo on those that don't need to be killed!-Press Z to throw items (great if you need to drop your gun/grappling hook for a takeout punch)-Hold spacebar to lift yourself over ledges! It took me almost 8 hours to realize this... it'll save you keys and such, allow you into new rooms, and save you from getting stuck in holes-run and press C (the crouch button for sneaking) to do a power-slide! You'll look cool AND it'll make your jumps longer![For returning players]-Approach levels slowly! Pay attention to the map! Knowing your surroundings is almost necessary to escaping any level-If the opportunity to rush through a floor is available then you should most certainly take it; especially in later levels where there are tons of baddies chasing you down-don't hug walls unless you're sneaking; enemies can easily get the jump on you-try not to forget to peek around corners if you're uncertain how safe a room is (C+E/Q). You can shoot and cast spells when you're in this position-It took me nearly 70 attempts to complete the game and I have no doubt it'll take plenty less for you. Keep at it, soldier!"
76561198045384703,Recommended,252630,19190600,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,machinegunkungfu,"Good game, great fun to come back to every now and again.Good difficulty, good mechanics, pretty good stealth.While quite simplistic, it just is a game and it very much feels like it, but a quite fun game.All in all pretty good.EDIT: Upon re-reading this, I think I might have sold this game a bit short, so I'll add a little more:Re-playability is huge, it's one of those games where you think you know how to do something until you get painted into a corner and try something else and realize you could have done it a different way all along.I love it for that. The first few times I got AAAAlmost all the way made the endgame SO much sweeter, and there is plenty of super secret stuff to keep the hardest of cores coming back with a ridiculous amount of added difficulty added on top."
76561198055529512,Recommended,252630,19381106,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,maxawesome05,"Having a lot of fun with this Roguelike. i'm warning you though, it's not for the faint of heart and it's extremely difficult. While it is an incredible game, I feel there isn't enough content for retail. I'd definitely get it on sale though!"
76561198059673205,Recommended,252630,19493195,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Spamming Tanks,"A very fun rougelike which can be genuinely tense and exciting at its best. Manages to be a challenge without being too difficult. Has a high replay value.The esthetic also does it no harm. Some people might object to how cute the enemies can be when they are supposed to be lovecraftian horrors. But I think it works well because it is unique. The simplcity of the graphics also serves gameplay and the game runs very well.Looking forward to New Game +, and hard mode."
,Recommended,252630,19515543,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,A N I M E   T I D D Y,"I bought this game looking for an interesting take on cosmic horror and at first I felt a little let down. I played it a small bit and kept dying because i just didnt get it. I recently came back and read through the books and took a look at the game as a whole and i started to love it. It for me was really quite fun, it has a creepy atmosphere as you get deeper into the game and some enemies are really quie scary. I personally just love how this game plays out and if your a fan of lovecraft's work then you may find this peculiar game to you liking."
76561198005879963,Recommended,252630,19453001,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sir Owlington Dapperbeak,"The what you can do in Eldritch trailer forgot one thing, getting killed by your own thrown rock. 10/10 would get betrayed by pet rock again."
76561198013556071,Not Recommended,252630,19539179,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pinkie Pyro,things are pretty confusing and if you need clear directions to what you need to do skip this game..also while the block style looks good in a building game like minecraft it causes the H.P. lovcrafitan mood to just fall flat on its face
,Recommended,252630,10247534,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,a negro boy,"When I first played Eldritch I was torn between hating the merciless permadeath features and absolutely loving the lovely (ish)voxel art and action-packed caving (sort of) then I forgot it and for a whileit lay dormant in my Steam Library, then it was rediscovered just as the Mountains of Madness free expansion was released. When I rebooted it and tried after a month I was surprised by how much more I understood about the mechanics and ways to defeat the enemies and in an half hour I had unlocked the second book! Overall I would say that if you don't mind dying over and over with no saves or item recovery, definately buy it."
76561198044809888,Recommended,252630,9508692,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Doofus Dan,"A great, fun way to kill time. Its got a sharp curve, but free DLC is nice.Very cool."
,Recommended,252630,8281302,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Barrier,I like this game.At first I was punching weird fish people but then I got to book 2 and the nightmare began!
,Recommended,252630,8221793,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ben the biscuit,"Learning the mechanics is quick, the game is polished, the game is fun."
,Recommended,252630,8340380,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Captain Crit,Do you like horror? Do you like Adventure do you like...Well...Stuff? Then if so this is the game for you!
76561197970841667,Recommended,252630,9941523,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Gris,"Pretty good stuff, to be quite honest."
76561198055668110,Recommended,252630,10068961,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Totem,"Although I haven't been playing it for long, this game is incredibly fun and easy to play!  The minecraftian look makes it seem simple, but there's a lot more challenge and depth involved than I originally thought.  I hope to get better the more I play this game, which will certainly happen at the rate that I'm going."
,Recommended,252630,10073874,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[TBR] WireBat,"What an amazing oddity. Love the Lovecraftian world, the rogue-like gameplay and the random dungeons. Not a game everyone will love, but a game that anyone will enjoy."
,Recommended,252630,10046343,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,plasticrabbit,can't reccomend this one highly enough.  has the same elusive magic you got with the first ultima underworld.  best thing i've played in years.
,Recommended,252630,9759589,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kenny Log-ins,It's like a first-person Spelunky. But stealth horror. Or action horror. It's so much fun.
76561198060219701,Recommended,252630,7694018,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,lostcraft,"The minimalistic graphics and the sparse sounds manage one thing easily: Creating an eerie, unsettling game. Not scary. Not actually very hard. But always unsettling.And, well, it's a RogueLite, so that's another good thing!"
,Recommended,252630,10109822,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,TheTurnipKing,"Made it to the bottom of the temple of Dagon and swiped his soul  Not one, not two but I think I counted THREE shoggoths just running around killing all the other creatures.It was a massacre  Corpses of Deep Ones as far as the eye could see.Yes, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,252630,8274346,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cute Andew,Tis scary..
,Recommended,252630,8224895,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PikkioMania,GREAT GDR FIRST PERSON ROGUE LIKE (aka procedurally generated levels / labyrinth / dungeons) CTHULU + LOOKING GLASS / SYSTEM SHOCKLIKE GAMEPLAY = MUST HAVE (and it has nothing to do with minecraft !!!)
,Recommended,252630,8227350,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Eternal Punishment,I shanked a fishman.
76561197980362989,Recommended,252630,8245836,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SKIM MILK,"An amazing game. Choices dramatically impact gameplay, randomly generated areas keeps things fresh, and there is a surprising amount of depth in a game with only a handful of items.Definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,252630,8246824,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SeanoType,Rouge like fps dungeon crawler based on the Cthulhu Mythos? Why not?
76561198027374663,Recommended,252630,8229280,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,GARBAGE DADDY,"This is a great game, with a truly bizarre and unique atmosphere."
76561198043966718,Recommended,252630,8230497,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Blu3Phantom,"A nice little procedually generated dungeon crawl.  They did a great job of making it easy to learn, but having a lot to find.  Atmostphere is pretty creepy, too, as befits a Lovecraftian game.  Get it!"
,Recommended,252630,8225571,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Yashabo,"Pretty cool little game. It's a 3D/FPS rouge-likeThe only con I see is navagating up and down lvls is tough because sometimes you go up a level and its just a tiny dead end room, then you have to back track. so you need decent memory otherwise youll be wasting lots of time looking for ways to advance down the dungeons.Another con I just experienced is low FPS. It doesnt happen all the time so I thought it was my mouse making me rubberband but it looks like certain parts of the game cause bad FPSI reccomend it if you like rouge-like games. cool concept with the 3-D/FPS"
76561198037461860,Recommended,252630,8233900,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fidget,"So far, this game is a great mix between game-satisfaction and proper tension/danger scariness. The graphics may put people off, but they do the job well. If this has caught your attention, go for it!"
76561197998366715,Recommended,252630,8239319,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Protomen,Its a first person roguelike inspired by H.P. Lovecraft. Absolutely delightful to play.
76561198024233717,Recommended,252630,8239811,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Julbergh,"This game has blocky graphics, but ignore it, it is intended to be so. The game has an unique, nightmarish feel to it, eerie soundtrack, good controls and gameplay, it is cheap, and it has unusually many languages to choose from. Even my mother tongue finnish. So I'd say you can't go wrong when investing a few coins in this clever little atmospheric masterpiece."
,Recommended,252630,8241542,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,deagnar,Worth getting.
76561198057153470,Recommended,252630,10113254,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SkeletalArse,"Beautiful atmosphere, amazing sound effects and the textures are really 8-bitty and cool! The combat is amazing and i really love everything about this game. 10/10, masterpiece!"
76561198023323665,Recommended,252630,10114455,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,D'Car,"Catch it when it's on sale for 50% or less.  It's really short, the AI's aren't too intelligent, the story is shaky at best, and the variety of everything is pretty limited.  Even so, it manages to have a good atmosphere, simple but strong control set, and is an admirable game for just one guy to have put together."
,Recommended,252630,10143980,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,silversteel6,"welcome to eldritch a game that is very jumpscare prone, seriously if you put amnesia and minecraft in a blender it would come out like this! there is a large variety of enemys to kill but so few weapons to kill them with, those weapons are daggers, revolvers, crossbows, hatchets, rocks and beer bottles. if you pplay this game you'll get that feeling like youre constantly on edge of getting killed plus most of the enemys wont see you coming so you can just assasinate them with ease9/10 silver ingots needs more weapons"
76561198042807653,Recommended,252630,10162593,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,A bill,"I really like this game, its fun, has a nice little stealth mechanic, good balance, great replayability and really goofy♥♥♥♥♥shopkeepers. The one thing I think it needs is multiplayer, otherwise I see absolutely no use for the mirror in the beginning of the game."
,Recommended,252630,9391581,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Flamelnar,"A beautifuly designed, Lovecraft inspired Horror game. Creatures that stay true to the Lovecraft's books, (Giant penguins seem a bit out of place, though.) Good gamplay, Nicely random generated maps, And the ability to chose between a male and a female. And did I mention that this game has smarter enemy A.I than most AAA games today?"
,Recommended,252630,9436273,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Roaring Man Bear,"An absolutely wonderful experience. This is the type of game you play to just lose yourself in for a while, finding new secrets and strategies to make use of in your gameplay, getting a little frustrated whenever you have to turn back, but always gritting your teeth and being ready to start a new I was skeptical of how I would like the game being in first person and having the rather old school graphics, but both work incredibly well, giving you a lot of chance to immerse yourelf in the complexity of the dungeons you explore and their lore. I would like to give an especially big kudos to the wonderful sound design of the game, which not only invokes it's Lovecraftian themes, but kept me on edge throughout, never knowing if it was an actual enemy or just the echoes of evil in the level I'm exploring. There's a lot of fun to be had here, akin to Rogue Legacy or FTL, where you just keep playing for hours and when it's time to leave you whisper ""Just a little bit more..."""
,Recommended,252630,7488682,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,horsefeathers,"I am entranced with this game. Random level generation, roguelike play, and outstandingly functional graphics. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,252630,8846269,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Jackal Frost,"This is a solid game, but the content seems a bit lacking in quantity for what you pay. I'm having a lot of fun with it, but it does get frustrating at times. This game is like Minecraft (hold on, don't crucify me yet) in that there's little in the way of in-game instruction, and there's no shame in looking up a Wiki to fill in the gaps. Some of the enemies feel a bit cheap, especially the unkillable ones, especially the mummies, since there can be so many of them and they can block your path. Overall, if difficulty is not a problem for you, and you like the Lovecraftian, you could do much worse than Eldritch. I'm not sure if it warrants the 15 dollar asking price, but I bought it on sale and have no regrets."
,Recommended,252630,8834473,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ultranathon,"Actually lots of fun, a pleasant surprise.Just a simple roguelike with lots of mythos reference, if that sounds appealing you'll probably enjoy it."
76561197980910801,Recommended,252630,8709012,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Haute DIO,"To think that I impulse-bought this in the last Steam sale... If I had only known I would enjoy it more than any of the big budget games I had been looking forward to I would have saved my money and bought a bunch of copies of Eldritch instead! If you're looking for a stealth-based, rogue-like with a heavy emphasis on 3D platforming and atmosphere, it doesn't get better than this. Most people look at a few screenshots, write it off as a Minecraft cash-in, and move on. The poor fools! They don't even know what they're missing!One thing is true: the graphics are nothing special. They capture the very minimum of their subject and the surroundings. There are some nice color palettes though, and the blocky nature light is cast makes it very obvious if you can be seen or not. And although the textures are unimpressive, the random level design is just as fun to look at as it is to traverse. Thankfully the audio is spectacular. Echoed moans, gurgles, gasps follow you wherever you go and always make you wonder what's just below your feet. The minimalist soundtrack is just as compelling. Obviously it's not a toe-tapping good time, but it certainly puts you on edge and makes you feel... Well, weird.'Weird' is really the name of the game here. This isn't meant to be made into a reaction compilation on your Let's Play channel. It focuses on the 'Weird Tales' aspect in favor of a more frightening experience. For those of you who have been waiting patiently for a Lovecraftian game to mean more than fishmen and tentacle monsters yelling ""Boo!"", this won't impress you. Also I'm really sorry and you must be REALLY used to disappointment by now.This kind of highlights the weakest part of Eldritch: Lovecraft's world is alien and incomprehensible, but rogue-likes are inherently games about monotony and understanding. To beat a rogue-like means minimizing risks, self-mastery, and knowledge, but Lovecraft is about inescapable, cosmic realities, where knowledge comes at a VERY high cost and these horrors can never be beat, only kept at bay.Eldritch's greatest strength, the genuinly alien nature of the random levels, the strange monsters that can't always be killed, and the crushing atmosphere instantly undo the game the moment you know how to avoid all the traps and deal with all the monsters. The first playthrough is magical: learning all of the powers, items, weapons, traps, monsters, seeing all of these non-sensical worlds realized... It's all so daunting in a very Lovecraftian way. But when you start farming world 1 for artifacts, or you start gearing up for the harder worlds, it's already too late.If you're someone who knows Lovecraft as that guy with the strange tenticle fetish, or you're someone who can put the Lovecraftian label aside and just take in the very dreary tone and solid rogue-like mechanics, then I'd pick this game up without hesitation. If you've been patiently waiting for the Mythos to finally be realized in a computer game, than you'll have to keep waiting."
76561198032696057,Recommended,252630,8771012,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Gnurfos,"A hard game, but very interesting.It's all about learning the mecanisms, and being careful."
76561197980259627,Recommended,252630,9068549,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Roxxorsmash,H.P. Lovecraft themed dungeons in a roguelike package. Great gameplay and fantastic replay value.
,Recommended,252630,8853606,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Diogeno[ITA],"Simple and challenging, two words that describe this game perfectly."
,Recommended,252630,8700990,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ulayoth,With the feel of an H.P. Lovecraft story you really do feel like you're living a nightmare in this rogue-like adventure.
,Recommended,252630,8864875,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fognar,Eldritch is a fun little roguelike with a Lovecraftian vibe and some great sound assets.  Once you understand the enemies' behaviors and find the right combination of items the game gets significantly easier.  My only real complaint is that there are so few items in the game that there really isn't much reason to keep playing it after you beat the final level.  It's a real shame there is no mod support.
,Recommended,252630,11102155,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Equinox,"its an oddly charming game. Its a first person roguelike and its challenging, rewarding. albeit slightly weird.it is something i'd recommend though. I enjoy it."
,Recommended,252630,7477802,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Joey Estacado,"Like Minecraft. Less minecraft more Lovecraft. It's all combat and the exploration. how often do you see a Lovecraft Game? Rarely ever. Pick this one up, It's ♥♥♥♥ing brillant!"
,Recommended,252630,17155295,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,superjamie,"A Lovecraft-inspired first person roguelike-like. Attractive crisp simple 3D graphics and spooky eldritch mood. This is a unique and fun little game. It plays like Delver, or like a simpler FPS/RPG. Not sure I'd pay 15 bucks, but definitely pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,252630,17155313,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Addicted to clicking circles,"Eldritch is a really awesome roguelike FPS, the game has a lot of depth. Some people may be turned away by the graphics, but trust me, once you get started, you'll get used to it."
,Recommended,252630,17072382,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rhindle,"An excellent little first person dungeon crawler with alot more content than is immidiately aparent. It doesn't quite inspire the terrifying fear of the cosmic unknown, trading terrifying consequences for a more pulpy, two fisted explorer style. For having little forward facing stats, the game manages keep getting deeper as you play more. You level more than your character, learning enemy attack patterns, trigger zones, movement tricks, and how to effectively clear dungeons.In the end;If you're lookning for an easy to pick up, mechanically focused dungeon crawler with a hardon for good ol' HP Love, then Eldritch will likely be a great ball of fun.If you're looking for something to inspire fear or an easy and forgiving shooter, then pass this one over."
,Recommended,252630,17225360,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,deeesel,"Lovecraft Lite at it's best. Nice atmosphere, though the game doesn't make you take it seriously. You can either revel in the creepiness or you can run around hitting everything in the face and/or equivalent of a face, throwing explosives around like a madman while you're at it as well. It's up to you. Also, spawn a lot of Shoggoths!And ♥♥♥♥ Lizard Statues."
76561198009387569,Recommended,252630,17447434,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dr. Spock,It might look like your typical retro graphics minecraft clone... But this game is great! I highly reccomend everyone give it a try!
76561197970791428,Recommended,252630,17362657,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,choldenjr,"Appears similar to Minecraft, plays more like Spelunky with creepy Lovecraft ties. Randomized levels let you play for a while and never get anywhere (spelunky), but easy to jump into for a quick game."
76561198097731516,Recommended,252630,17668753,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Eibon,HIDE~ RUN~ CROUCH~ your doomed.
,Recommended,252630,17681473,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Drakenon,nice
,Recommended,252630,16690004,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,I LIVE. I DIE. I LIVE AGAIN!
,Not Recommended,252630,17920836,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Yenpai,"Hmmn I expected much for from this, honestly far too much than what it offers. It's quite funny at first but the combat is kind of....Off and wonky? I wouldn't recommend getting it as it is now. Perhaps in the further future when it's upgraded and better??"
76561198033850740,Recommended,252630,16569894,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SolaRpwR,"I reccomend this game because I love the setting and I feel like I got my moneys worth (bought on sale). However, I do wish there was more content as far as equipment and maybe some more backround into the hp lovecraft universe. A fun game, I just wish their was more."
76561198035945698,Recommended,252630,16559469,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,UnlosingJohn,"Eldritch is as cool as it sounds. It's fun, well-designed, surprisingly atmospheric, and even a bit terrifying at times (there's at least one enemy that will keep you extremely paranoid).My favorite part about the game is the 3D design of the levels. Each floor has multiple ""sub-floors"" and there are a lot of ways to move between sub-floors. Finding the exit is usually not too difficult, but finding your way to a shop or other area of interest can be surprisingly involved. There are also ways to get around this such as dynamite and pickaxes, which really take advantage of the 3D maze design.While the game itself is a bit short, it can take a good number of attempts to complete it, not counting the extra campaign that can be accessed right from the start. Survival means learning the hazards of each area and how each enemy behaves. There's a lot of challenge to this game, but it ultimately feels fair.There's also a decent amount of extra stuff to go for when you beat the game, such as a harder new game+ mode, a super-tough extra area with a leaderboard, some challenging achievements, and more.As someone who was just getting tired of roguelikes, this game was refreshing and fun."
,Recommended,252630,16562363,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,soviet☭warrior,"A simple, first-person RPG inspired by the works of H.P. Lovecraft. The sound and the visuals definitely give you a creepy Lovecraft vibe.  With only a few points of health, you're never more than a couple of hits from death so the tension is always high.  The interaction with the environment is similar to minecraft (but much more limited)."
,Recommended,252630,16506801,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MnMaxon,"This was a really fun game I got for a very cheap price on a sale.  I played it for 7 hours.  I beat the game, and I think there was a hard mode or something I played for a little after that. I found the game pretty dificult, but I'm not great at video games.If you get this on a Winter or Summer sale or something, I would definitely get this, but if you're good  at these types of games you will probably be able to get through the game pretty quickly and it might not be worth $15 (the current full price)."
76561198171865447,Recommended,252630,16508697,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,lclauss2,"Last night I went through another run  of Eldritch, my longest yet, and man, it got my heart pumping. Whether you already like Lovecraftian things, are interested in them, or are completely appalled, GET THIS GAME. It's a blast learning each enemy's patterns and attacks, and while I wish there was a teensy bit more enemy variation, it's a blast. Also, make sure to explore the library! There are a surprising amount of dungeons scattered around past the main three, and I'm planning on fully exploring them all. The procedural generation really adds a lot, and the subtle lovecraft references are even better. For whatever price, get this game. It's worth your time."
76561198041832936,Recommended,252630,16632454,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Diademist,"Ohkay, so we have this roguelike FPS game, similar to some block design game. AND IT IS AN AWESOME GAME! Writing this after making through first dungeon and pumpkin dungeon...Possibilities, weapons, gameplay style - do what you think suits you best. Enemies creep around, artifacts everywhere, fountains that make you more healthy... It has the feel of something deep, strange and scary around every corner. I hope there is escape from the nightmare.There should be more DLCs for this, just for even better experience. 10/10 <3P.S. Shoggoths are the worst.P.P.S. Run..."
76561198032422972,Recommended,252630,13402895,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Sin,Love this game! great adventure and game play!
,Not Recommended,252630,13574476,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Anonchy,"I love these types of games, but the AI is absolutely dreadful. The only challenge was trying to figure out the stupid map system. If you are looking for a similar game but actually challenging? Go with Delver."
,Recommended,252630,15845684,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TotalDeuce,"Having played for 2 hours, this game is a lot of fun. The story seems to be about a women explorer trapped in a library. The library contains some of these strange books which yield dark and scary places yet to be explored. Anyways, here is my opinion of  the pros and cons for this game.Pros: Great atmosphere, interesting and complex level design, Very fluid and responsive controls, Interesting concept especially based on an author,Cons: Lose all your items if you die, missions can be quite repetitive, and a bit expensive for an indie gameOverall,  this game is well worth the money.  I would highly recommend this game.9/10."
,Recommended,252630,16280335,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,OmniRusted,"From the description of the game and the blocky graphics, I expected a lot less than I got. The game is actually challenging with an entertaining mysterious storyline that you can find if you're so inclined. It's not required to complete the game, but it helps. What I thought was a shooting Lovecraftian game turned out to require a lot more stealth than I expected, as well as strategy.Dying starts the entire game over completely, and since every 'dungeon' is randomly generated I suppose you could call it 'rogue-like' but only in a very broad sense since it's so short. You'll get maybe a day or two of good play out of this, depending on your skill level.The enemies are entertaining and some require strategy to defeat. I say defeat, because quite a few of them are un-killable. This doesn't hinder the game, it actually helps the challenge.If you're looking for a fun Lovecraftian horror however, this is not it. It borrows from the Mythos, but only in a very loose way. The names of all involved have been changed to protect the innocent.Storyline: 4/10 - Not necessary, but good none the less.Graphics: 4/10 - You do not play a game like this for what they loosely refer to as 'graphics'.Sound: 6/10 - I don't actually remember any music, but hte sounds and ambiance are fantastic.Gameplay: 8/10 - Frustrating, challenging, thoughtful. Very worth it."
,Recommended,252630,16531856,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Punished Peenster,its gud
,Recommended,252630,16531862,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MARIOMAN6444,it is fun but the only problem im haveing at the moment is the dam rock lizards they always end my gameplay....
76561198013138658,Recommended,252630,17935023,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dr. Tom Hanks,"I personally would say that this game can be worth the $15 it asks for. Most people talk as if this game is simple and easy to beat. I do not find it to be that simple. The whole goal of the game is to go into a dungeon to get an orb to unlock another dungeon. That's what i've found so far at least. I haven't progressed farther then the second dungeon as I died while playing in it. Upon death you lose all of your items and money (Aside from any money stored in the games ""Bank"") and can either respawn in the normal library you start in or go into another dungeon that is timed. I tried out this timed dungeon a few times after dying but found it to be a lot harder then the other two dungeons. It throws all the enemies and items into the dungeon with a (rouhgly) two minute time limit to get to the next floor or be consumed by a block smoke of death. This being said, if you do make it through this timed dungeon I assume you get to go back to the library with the items gained and have an advantage over whatever you are facing in the next dungeon. The only problem that a player may encounter in the game while fighting is the amount of health that is givin at the start. You can find health boosts to raise your health from three, but it only does it by one. This adds the difficulty as the only hard enemy in the first dungeon is a blob that you can't kill. The second dungeon however has a ghost of sorts that will hit for two points of health and is infact unkillable as well. (Though however hitting them causes them to ""play dead"" for a couple seconds) All in all this can add some challenge if, like me, you play the game without the intent of speed running it but instead taking in whatever it has to offer gameplay wise. I couldn't help but feel like a more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ character from Dishonored due to the powers that can be gained along with the dagger that can kill most things in two hits.In short:=The game can offer a more play time then the two hours that most people complain about. I assume they get that result because they bum rush as fast as they can.=The main disadvantage a player will have in the game is the lack of health and the rarity of places to increase health (Though food to heal can be rather abundant)=The varying difficulty in dungeons can be seen rather clearly.=The graphics aren't really anything that bad. Honestly, in this time period people can make games that look anything from the original mario to the latest AAA FPS game and you'll still get someone complaining about the looks of something. So if you don't like the game from the first look of the provided video or photos and already let it spoil the game for you then you probably shouldn't get the game."
,Recommended,252630,17938339,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Lion => Philippines,Minecraft hardcore labyrinth-generated rogue-like.
76561198059414346,Recommended,252630,18020729,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Turnip,"If you can't beat the game try this:Buy a medic kit it will allow you to (if you dead) resurrect paying 50 coins. Then first get around 700 coins, then try your best to get the plane key.This game is hard."
76561198043589391,Recommended,252630,18039342,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,chuchi's girl,"I love this game, I play it with my cousin alll the time. I just wish it had more content such as more items and levels. However it was fun nonetheless, and I would recomend playing with a friend or relative."
,Recommended,252630,17658583,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,HeadShot,"Great FPS Dungeon Crawler!+ : graphics, gameplay, hub, level changing, items, difficulty, monsters, level design- : difficulty, level changing (why negative and positive? Sometimes it's handy and sometimes not. :D )8/10 would crawl again"
,Recommended,252630,17665364,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GabrielTheGreat,"This is an addicting game, and its challenging too. I've been enjoying it quite a bit, and think it was worth more than what I paid. Would die stealing from fishman shopkeeper again. Would recommend, don't hesitate if on sale. 8.8/10"
76561198125067516,Recommended,252630,17724081,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,dj cowdaboy shan,A good game.
76561198117045023,Recommended,252630,16407785,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Macavity,funfunFUN. 7/10
76561198012712253,Recommended,252630,17637204,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,xaanz,What can I say? This game is amazing.
76561197989906616,Recommended,252630,16881555,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Steboost,A 3D spelunky minecraft looking survival game with an eerie atmosphere.Gives a good alternative to the jump scare survival horror genre too as its randomly seeded worlds mean a different game every time & the scares come as a result of chance and exploration not from some predetermined trigger point that you know is comming.
,Not Recommended,252630,17116813,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Crispy Tacos,"If you like rogue-likes and you like Minecraft, this game is for you. Unfortunately, I found it without a lot of indication of what I was supposed to do or why, so I had trouble actually sticking with it when I died."
,Recommended,252630,16932318,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Capt. Skeleton,"This game is awesome. Difficult (but not too difficult), spooky at some times, while exciting at others. If you are an HP Lovecraft fan, or you just feel like playing a good rogue like, definitely give Eldritch a try."
,Recommended,252630,16935461,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,dangerousnerd,Led a shopkeeper to a horrible nightmarish death. Looted his store for delicious ham.10/10
,Recommended,252630,16848020,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,MitsurugiR,"Was looking for something ""Lovecraft inspired"", definitely the one I was looking for! :)"
,Recommended,252630,18008784,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Fortune Fog,"To The Point Review:+Roguelike+Unique-Mix and Match Tactics+Challenging+Lots Of Play time+DTH Ratio: 0.41$+Great Atmosphere+Strategic+Unique Enemies and AI-At times brutal difficulty-Somewhat repetitive exploration-Surprise EndingFluff Review:Eldritch is a great game with a weird name. Even though this game never explains the origins of its name, it might be linked to the definition of the word: “weird / spooky”. This game certainly is spooky, and unique. The worlds you explore are randomly generated in this 1st person roguelike. The tactics you can employ can be as diverse or simple as you need. You can sneak up on people and stab them from behind for a critical hit, you can shoot from afar, or you can distract your enemies and never face them at all. Personally, I would summon Shaggoths (what look like giant furry heaps of hay painted green with bloody teeth and creepy eyes) and have them lash out at all of my enemies, whether it attacked baby cthulus, wizards, or lizardmen. I am somewhat ashamed to admit that I took a savage pleasure in strolling into a shop, talking to the clerk, and then summoning a mighty shaggoth to murder the clerk while I looted the store. But that is the beauty of the game. You can choose what you do, how you play, and risk your safety. The game is permadeath, so the penalty of getting hurt can be brutal. I played 36 hours before I beat the game, so my Dollar to Hour Ratio was 41 cents for every hour I played the game, which is great. The enemies you face are unique. Different species sometimes fight each other, wizards hate you, and Shaggoths want to kill everyone. Shaggoths are invincible, so I ended up adapting my strategy to locking them up in little huts I encountered. The difficulty can be, at times, brutal. I remember at one point being halfway through the game, and falling into a hole in which I could not get out of, and I was forced to restart my game. Once you play the game a lot, exploring can become repetitive. The end was very much a surprise, and not a good one. I liked where the story was going, but as it reached the climax, you click ‘f’ and the game is done, just like that!Overall, I would give this game a thumbs up."
,Recommended,252630,10150904,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,PersianVersion,+cool eerie atmosphere+great free dlc (good difficulty level)+good mechanic ideas-difficulty is either too easy or too hard based on the level-mechanics just seem thrown in-stealth is gimmickyI'd say buy it if its less that 5$
76561197993634124,Not Recommended,252630,13915446,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,artificial,"This is potentially a great game; I had fun for a while, the set up and storyline are both simple and wonderful; but... there isn't a particularly huge amount of content here. You could realistically experience what the game has to offer within the first thirty minutes of playing.All enemies bar the stone statues are very simple, similar, and non-threatening; the item set is quite small, and the levels quite often look the same: This all adds up to a randomly generated game where it doesn't matter that it's randomly generated, because everything is so similar that there's no room for any kind of strategy or unique experiences. It's a missed opportunity."
,Recommended,252630,13540241,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Albaloo,WHAT THE EFF ARE THOSE GIANT GUM DROP MONSTERS
,Recommended,252630,12940695,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tnecniv3303,Great atmosphere and replay ability
,Recommended,252630,14040199,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nth RooCH,"Simple but thoroughly effective, this rogue-like FPS contains a small smattering of different tools, powers and equipment, but the combinations afford the player enough variety to play this game repeatedly, always seeking that perfect combination. There is a brilliant variety to the various, for lack of a better term ""worlds"" the game has to offer. Whether it's running from Star Spawns, finding the ""Weeping angel""-like statues and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a brick, or maybe using your fists to take out a gigantic penguin. However you play it, Eldritch is a thoroughly effective, user-friendly dungeon crawling festival of madness. I have completed the main quest line but can think of absolutely no reasons why I wouldn't continue to go back to this game."
,Recommended,252630,14019672,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Albino NoseLord,"well this is the first horror game i have ever played. to tell the truth its not that scary but it is kind of creepy. mostly this game is a fun rogue-like game that focuses on stuff from H.P. Lovecraft (which is awesome!) and is pretty hard. either buy it or put it on your wishlist, becuase i know you want to play it. :)"
76561198012079727,Recommended,252630,15603736,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Arvisun,"Plenty of roguelikes on Steam, this one stands out and has some excellent atmosphere, and suitably creepy enemy design. On the flipside, it does get fairly repetitve, as you get keys/bullets/coins for the nth time. Would recommend to anyone who wants a Lovecraftian bitesized game."
,Recommended,252630,15889786,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ragevirusmusic23,Very spooky droning music clashes with the 8 bit block graphics to make a really good HP Lovecraft game. The essence of forbidden knowledge and unspeakable horrors make the dungeon crawl worthwhile...
76561198108116552,Recommended,252630,15857668,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Pollo Cosmico,"New Game + in a nutshell: ""Tekeli-li tekeli-li !"""
,Recommended,252630,14125481,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Thrashzilla,"Excellent Rogue-Like. Very challenging, and I love the HP Lovecraft references.Pros:-Fun, challenging gameplay-Lots of clever loreCons:-Graphics are great. Meh..."
76561198146501526,Recommended,252630,14348403,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,❤Sad Puppy❤,Although I don't really like the blocky Minecraft graphics. I really love H. P. Lovecraft. The game is pretty good and it's now one of my favorites.  10/10
76561198075572073,Recommended,252630,15538411,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TotalKrill,So frustrating in a good way!
,Recommended,252630,15520117,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Spike,"The graphics leave a lot to be desired, but the gameplay is definitely fun. This is the Lovecraftian shooter that I've been wanting for a while. You have very little HP and die quickly. Ressources are limitted and need to be stockpiled. Ammo is scarce and valuable. I wish the music was a bit better, it doesn't really fit with a lovecratian horror ambience, but I can always mute it and play my own music, so no real loss there. This is a game that I would like to see get an HD remake."
76561198125214464,Recommended,252630,15223790,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,llamacrusader,"Punched a fishman merchant, got a grappling hook climbed a wall and ate cave ham. 10/10Played for thirty minutes, love it already. Great mechanics, fun vibe that got scary real quick, satisfaction of dungeon crawling and exploration with the awesome Lovecraft setting."
,Recommended,252630,15313308,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,MastroAba,An FPS/Roguelike inspired by H.P. Lovecraft's tales? Sold!!! And is very well done too!
,Recommended,252630,15341116,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Lightblue Yoshi,Great game! My first playthrough was wonderfully fun and exciting. And more than a few of the monsters scared me. Its like the dev knew what my fears were when he threw in the second level... Ugh.Plz no. Dont. Plz guy. Dont murder me ;_;
,Recommended,252630,15192791,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,QP,"Wow, deceptively simple by it's looks, but what an awesome game packed in there. Different worlds to explore, nice pacing, and just a whole lot of fun! Great dungeon crawl!"
76561198094079680,Recommended,252630,15969934,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Willbelo,"Overall I would give this game the ""Best Game To Play When Bored"" Award with TBOI Rebirth in 2ndI Give Eldrich The Willbelo Seal Of Approval"
,Recommended,252630,15974947,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BEARMAN SNAREMAN,"- Mysteriously appeared in ice world, need to find keys to the airplane that I arrived at the ice world with- Hopped down a ladder, find a grapple gun chilling on a wall next to a priceless artifact- Grapple my way down two floors- Slap a penguin to death- Loot corpse10/10"
,Recommended,252630,16137041,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Count Cabbage,It's a great game.
,Recommended,252630,15761716,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Cy,I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what i'm supposed to do or where i'm supposed to go or what the ♥♥♥♥ is even happening. Its pretty fun though so ugh... recommended?
,Recommended,252630,8323023,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mediarulestheworld,Fun dungeon crawling H.P. Lovecraft-lite times.
76561198037558477,Recommended,252630,11453014,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ramseyd9,You want something creepy? you lovecraft? (huhuhuh see what i did there?)then get this. also the lizardmen statues are EVIL. you'll know what i mean when you get to it.
,Recommended,252630,10960088,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Reginald,A very fun and mysterious game that makes you addicted then wet yourself
76561198054069263,Recommended,252630,10933473,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,IronVixen,"So much replay-ability! With fun combat and procedurally generated dungeons, everytime you dive in the dungeons are different. While the ending was dissapointing, the story element is still in progress and hopefully, in time, they will create a better ending. Though there is practically no story at all, the gameplay is addictive. I would still recommend the game."
,Recommended,252630,11897264,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Jatsala,"As silly looking as this game is, it's wonderful, I could happily play this game for hours and hours.I would happily buy a sequel or DLCs for this game."
,Recommended,252630,11908635,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,JVCope,Don't summon the Shoggoth....Dear GOD don't summon the Shoggoth...
,Recommended,252630,11922407,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,arton.tramps,"Fun and quick rogue-like, cthulian 1st-person dungeon-game. Highly addictive and highly recommendable. Not much horror, due to the blocky graphics, but still so enjoyable"
,Recommended,252630,11880826,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Braveheart,"Dude, like Woah. I don't even know what's going on anymore."
,Recommended,252630,11888586,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,rowie324,"this game is a perfect mix of simplicity and sheer brutality. While all of the enemies might look cute and harmless, they really dont joke around. with the roguelike playstyle and randomly generated dungeons, this game offers truly endless fun"
76561198022966490,Recommended,252630,11888713,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,CuttlefishHero,"Quick review: Well worth the purchase, spend your money on this product.Longer review: Eldritch is the kind of game a lot of us roguelike fans look for. Each world you enter has 3 levels, each level having 3 layers, which at first doesn't sound like a lot. However each level is made by several randomly generated 'squares' holding random items, enemies and secrets to hunt out. Sometimes the generated parts don't seem to fit in with the squares next to it but considering the lovecraftian theme of the game this really only adds to the bizarre non-euclidean feel to the worlds with each world feeling increasingly dangerous and bizarre.Now a bad part of this game is that if you push through with a speed run it's not hard to finish, however the real charm to this game is taking your time to explore every nook and cranny of the levels you're in. Finding the little secrets and involving yourself in the survival aspect of the game is really what brings out the charm and tension the game has in spades.Lovecraft fans  will get a huge kick out of identifying the various monsters you can slay (or more likely run away from) and even get a laugh out of the shopkeepers that are unique to each world (The veiled lady Shoggoth was my personal favourite). Speaking of shopkeepers the game really has a great mechanic in the form of artifacts, which act as both your source of magic and currency. Do you spend the artifacts you have to get some vital upgrades in the shop, or save them for the unholy powers granted by the Cthulhu statues? Or even put them into your bank, to save in case you die later on? Bullets are also somewhat scarce to come by and sooner or later you WILL find yourself falling back on to stealth to sneak past enemies or risk going up behind them and taking them by surprise. Another great mechanic lies in if you want to loot the fallen foes for possible ammo, keys or artifacts but be warned, looted foes WILL rise again to continue hunting you through the levels. More than once you'll find yourself making the tough choices to risk another battle with a monster just to gamble on getting an extra key or much needed revolver ammo.You could maybe point out the blocky graphics count as a negative but for us born before the year 2000 the graphics only add an old school FPS look to everything, when games would punish you for making mistakes and, trust me, this game will PUNISH YOU for acting cocky or not thinking an action through. Think you're tough because you've got full health and a strong weapon? You'll be cursing blind when something leaps out at you from the shadows and mauls you to death because you weren't checking every corner for fishmen, star-spawn or cultists.If I was to think of anything truly negative I would say the repetitive enemies and the occasionally simplistic AI can take you out the game, especially when you find the block power or find yourself knifing a Elder Spawn to death by strafing around it. It can be very easy to MAKE the game easy if you know what you're doing and finding the high ground early on is a good way to make things easier (until the flying eyes come at you...).In all this game is a fantastic buy and very involving, especially from what I understand is a small two-man stuido. I hope they produce more content for Eldritch in the future. Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,252630,11788849,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Arkayn,"I wish there was a conditonal reccomendation option. I like this game, but I don't think it was worth fifteen dollars. Huge fans of H.P. Lovecraft like myself might be a little disappointed in the games content - it's lovecraftian, but only in the sense that things that you're stabbing and shooting appear to be cultists or Deep Ones. There's story dispensed through text in the ""hub"" world, and it's a little lackluster. The gameplay itself is fun though, and it's always satisfying to toss a bottle at a Shoggoth. If you can grab it on sale, go for it. If not, I'd say pass."
,Recommended,252630,11873409,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,CjuGames,A fairly decent timewaster with good references to the Cthulhu mythos and H.P. Lovecraft.
,Recommended,252630,11849951,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,PeppermintAsh,"I never review games on steam, but I just have to say buy this. It's honestly a phenomenal game and you are missing out. It's very challenging but not so much to make it not fun, it's extremely fun. I have to admit this might be my favorite game of all time. If you like delver but want more free roam to do what ever the heck you want, get this game! It's practically a sandbox game, it's amazing. You don't have to trust me but do trust the fact that everyone loves this game!"
76561198096243255,Recommended,252630,11850795,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,thehappyninja12,thought this game was kinda weird at first nut then it picked up and was enjoyable a little bit too hard but overall 7/10 ign
76561197970881454,Recommended,252630,11798535,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Space Odin,"Ran from a shoggoth, ate rotten meat, stabbed a cultist, fell into a spike pit, and finally got killed by falling ice spikes. 10/10"
76561198037839029,Recommended,252630,11798808,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Sylver,"Positives about the game:Fun and varied gameplayHigh replay valueVery atmoshpheric with the creepy sounds and lovecraftian inspirationNOT a minecraft clone despite similar graphicsNot super difficult, a good introduction to the roguelike genreHardcore mode for those who want a  challengeNegatives:Some might be put off by the minecraft-ish graphicsThat's pretty much it, any other grievances probably have more to do with the genre than with the game itself. It's pretty light on story and lore, but that's typical of games of this genre so I can't hold that against it."
,Recommended,252630,11799911,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Greggles,"Despite the similar graphical styling, the only common factor of Eldritch and Minecraft is the slight sense of dread while exploring unknown areas. I'd recommend it if you're a fan of Spelunky or Dishonored, but it's a must buy if you're a fan of both. Controller support is excellent, though keyboard and mouse work equally well."
76561198029190809,Recommended,252630,11801395,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Fuocofire,"While the game sadly peaks at the second level it is a great game overall.  The levels are themed and are gradually more challenging but, aside from the bonus level, it only has 4 stages.  The game is short, but it is also sweet.  Being first person adds a lot to the scary factor to the game.  While most times you'll only be worried about dying, the second stage has some very interesting features that make you nervous while you aren't watching your back.Try to get this game on sale.  It isn't worth $15, but it is certainly worth playing."
,Recommended,252630,11802580,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Th3Espr3ss0,punched spider 10/10 would do it again.
76561198144015900,Recommended,252630,11803643,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,devin.allen.445,"Eldritch is a neat little First Person Action game with procedurally generated levels and a heavily HP Lovecraft themed setting. The player must simply navigat from one end of each stage to the other, fighting off various tentacled, disgusting, gibbering flavors of ""Oh god, kill it, kill it, kill it!"". Along the way, you find weapons and equipment and meat to aid your trek. The game strikes a good balance of risk versus reward through the gameplay. You can't take many hits without dying and healing gets a bit sparse later on, so caution is a necessity at all times, but without a good amount of excess exploration, you'll quickly run out of supplies. Monsters also drop items and respawn indefinitely, but charging out to kill things is always a bit risky. It helps to set a nice atmosphere that, while you have a lot of power over the obstacles you'll face, it doesn't take many mistakes to see you fail. It's a game that greatly rewards patience and caution, while swiftly punishes recklessness. This balance is highly reminiscent of Spelunky in the best ways. While the difficulty starts out a bit insultingly easy, it quickly ramps up into a perfect sweet spot of hectic tension. The selection of items and spells, however, could use a little work. I never really found myself deviating from the set of items I was using and quickly equipping myself with them each new playthrough. For this type of game, always having access to one's preferred loadout, seems a bit off. As a suggestion, perhaps equipment should wear out over time, forcing the player to make do with what they can scrounge up, which seems more suited to this type of game. As for the spells, I think there just need to be more that can compete with the utility of Materialize. I mean, come on. The musis is good, and doesn't interfere with the profoundly important cocktails of squaks and hisses emanating from potential nearby threats. The graphics are, well, modest. It's not exactly going to push the limits of anyone's system , but you can tell right away what everything is supposed to be. Well, not the monsters, but that's  not really because of the graphics. One complaint I have to make is that the particle effects have an annoying linger about them, especially the one coming from the player's left hand at all times. I frequently found myself jumping, thinking I had seen something out of the corner of my eye, only to realize it was an errant particle from the trail I was leaving, which was a tad irritating. On the whole, there isn't really much content here, but what there is is very well made and fun to play. I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy Spelunky and other similar games."
76561198098357515,Recommended,252630,11834070,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Saint,Just got this on sale for £2. tons of fun and a quite surprisingly creepy atmosphere.
76561197998528153,Recommended,252630,11835377,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,The Honeybadger,"Graphics of a bygone era of gaming. A roguelike that's actually fun, as opposed to just being mindlessly impossible. And, of course, the deziens of Lovecraft. If you don't own it, and you like either Adventure, or Roguelikes, you need this. You'll be glad you got it."
,Recommended,252630,10722209,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ghost,"Entertaining enough, although the concept may be lost on some people. The levels themselves are fairly straightforward, however the varied enemies keep things interesting."
76561197999797567,Recommended,252630,10964095,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheOctagon,"Eldritch is one of those games I bought on impulse during a time when I was into roguelikes and permadeath type games. Based on the commercial it looks like a comical and whimsical take on the Lovecraftian mythos, but like most Lovecraftian games, this one evokes 8-bit horror with it's haunting soundtrack and SFX. The fact that it's primarily stealth based makes it even creepier, and even though you won't be creeped out by any of the monsters face to face, you'll often be surprised when you turn around and there's one staring right at you.Overall, it's a good game to pick up for an hour or two, but it's definitely one of those games you have to be in the mood for."
,Recommended,252630,11624079,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,lil_kreen,A wierd little game that I think is worth the money if you want a simple randomly generated experience. the gameplay reminds me of the old rpg lite gameplay like hexxen but with modern flexibilty. That's not to say it's a bad thing and you need to watch your back as it can be unforgiving to the unwary. the environments are well done to the limits of the engine though it is of course low poly.
,Recommended,252630,13291371,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,S H O O B E R,Only just started playing and I love it. The graphical style really fits and the gameplay is solid. What really sells it for me though is the ambience. The music and ambient noises are skin-crawlingly creepy and make traversing through a dungeon much tenser then it otherwise would be. Wonderful stuff.
76561198038091775,Recommended,252630,14750420,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Amor Sin,This is without a doubt one of the best and creepiest games I have ever played
76561198134292069,Recommended,252630,14754721,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Master Scrotis,"Ill make it clear. Never Read an H.P Lovecraft book.. but from what I've managed to study about this game and the books theyre based off of The game nails it pretty good, So for fans of Mr Lovecrafts work this game is a must have!Personally this game makes me think of the first Legend of Zelda but in 3d with the ability to grab ledges and climb and change your weapons to even a gun which ammo has to be gathered most of the time.Not a terribly hard game to beat considering if your good you can just get a compass and a pickaxe and finish all three books in under ten minutes as well as the final level after.. I have yet to make a dent in the New game Plus mode though so the replayability is actually unreal for just a small game no ones ever heard about.. I keep coming back due to these factors and all around its actually fun to try to stealth or slay your way through the levels.. though limited to like 6 levels ive found they are procedurally generated and you never get the same game twice.. Well done highly reccomended to anyone not just fans of Lovecraft books =)"
,Recommended,252630,14782569,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,RAIZO,"I love Eldritch but the funny thing about it is that I was at first disappointed (I initially thought there would be more backstory/adventuring involved, but I had little understanding of the type of game it was at the time, so that’s on me and in no way should it throw anyone off from enjoying it!).It’s only after putting 12+ hours into it that I now realize how great it is as far as rogue-likes are concerned.  Sure, there’s perma-death but you’ll keep the cash-monies you had in your bank chest upon resurrecting/exiting then restarting.  Also, if you’re new to this game the Mountains of Madness, Asylum and Halloween/Pumpkin additions were added after its release, for free!There’s a good bit of strategy involved if you wish to beat the 3 missions (MoM, Asylum and of course the library the game takes place in).  Pickaxes, dynamite and even a charm that gives the gun the ability to fire bullets that break the environment (all of which do it Minecraft-style) can be utilized to your advantage.  You can even pick up different kinds of packs,  like the med pack that can revive you upon death as long as you have 50 gem thingies (‘artifacts’ as the game puts it) to spend, and boots that can grant different abilities, like high jumping and speed.Be warned, though the enemies may look ‘cute-ish’, they can be, and often are, downright deadly!  And In keeping with the lore of Lovecraft and the retro/blocky graphics, the enemies look great in that classic, cheesy 50’s era way.On a final note, though Eldritch is certainly humorous at times, it’s still a horror game at its core and it certainly does justice to the godfather of modern sci-fi/horror, the man and legend that started it all, H.P. Lovecraft --- R.I.P. good sir, you live on through us all!!"
,Recommended,252630,14742937,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mizar,"Not scary at all, but it is fun. Azathoth is terrifying though."
76561198028475211,Recommended,252630,14852012,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Matt Bellamy's guitar,"This quirky little FPS may not have the best graphics, but it is quite enjoyable regardless. The perma-death like mechanic makes you want to play catiously, which is a good idea. Not a game I play for extended periods of time, but somthing I'll just turn on to kill half an hour. HPL fans will enjoy this."
76561198080881144,Recommended,252630,13725610,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A Salty Jar Of Salted Salt,punch all the penguins
,Recommended,252630,15114185,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,dhar174,"Awesome game! One phrase to maximize awesomeness: ""VR Support!"""
76561198025180390,Recommended,252630,13658916,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,I snort Ovaltine,The act of chopping a giant killer penguin to death with a hatchet is not even close to the weirdest thing in this game.10/10
,Recommended,252630,19766430,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LoveOnTap,Surreal and unique. Full of creepy creatures and funny moments. Absence of sound is super off putting though. Wish there was some sort of music but maybe you are meant to play your own during the game(which is what I'm doing). I've just done a couple levels so far but I like it a lot and can't foresee anything changing that.
76561198042976526,Recommended,252630,8256275,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DukeOfHalsbury.exe,"Amazing Game.Scarier and more Nerve-Racking Than It Looks, Plus the stress of getting out of a dungeon with your collected loot is quite high considering once you die you lose everything unless its in a chest.Pros:Old School ""Dungeon Crawl"" Experience complete with NPC-controlled shops and some neat loot and creatures.ChallengingCons:This can be seen as a con to some, but lack of thorough explanation of the game. Meaning: The game doesn't baby you and tell you what each thing does and how each monster behaves. You have to figure it out for yourself. That's not a bad thing, because discovering how it works and developing your own playstyle is fun an rewarding. But to some this will cause a challenge, but then again this game as a whole is a challenge.Enjoy."
76561197993867618,Recommended,252630,8353836,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,paradragoon,"great game, worth the price of admision"
,Recommended,252630,8348183,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Raccoon King,You can beat up penguins and steal their keys. Is there more to know?
,Recommended,252630,8348608,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KitKatCake,I punched a Cthulhu look-a-like to death and then got killed by a Weeping Angel.What more could you want from a roguelike?
76561197993496355,Recommended,252630,7471127,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Badger,"This ""pre-alpha"" has great content. Hours of gameplay comparable to full titles out there. More animations would be nice. The sound and visual effects are great. If you like Call of Cthulhu, creepy ambience, cute monsters snoring as they sleep, stealth elements, randomised levels and horror themes (it's not scary!).This game would be great to see with co-op.8.5/10"
76561198014720078,Recommended,252630,8296091,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ganymede,"Simple, fun, rogue-like at its best. This game is great if youre bored or simply want an experience thats easy on the eyes."
,Recommended,252630,8415878,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BDRK9,"I'll keep this short and sweet:  This is a rouge-like shooter with Lovecraftian themes. If you enjoy either of those things then purchase this. Purchase it right now.It may look silly, graphically speaking, but this is NOT an easy game. It is harsh and unforgiving. And kind of terrifying when you get into it. So if you're looking for something casual then look elsewhere.Graphics:  10/10 - They fit it perfectly, so far as I'm concerned.Audio:  9/10 - There's the occasional audio glitch for me, but it's nothing too terrible.Gameplay:  9/10 - I am a coward who wishes there was more carry-over between deaths.Story:  8/10 - It's delivered in the old school survival horror way (i.e. you find journal entries of deceased explorers). There isn't too much there, but it isn't needed.Overall:  9/10.Purchase this game while it's still half-off!"
,Recommended,252630,27903957,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nannerpuss,I had no idea that a comically low-poly game like this could make my palms sweat within the first five minutes.
76561198117702205,Recommended,252630,27986039,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nyarlathot3p,"I recommend this game because I like shoggoths and also because it's one of the hardest roguelikes I've ever played. How proud I was when I get the good ending Montains of Madness achievement !""Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn"" :)"
,Recommended,252630,27909512,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,scape,"This game is really really great. It features an eerie atmosphere, with thief-esque gameplay in a lovecraftian world and oh my god is it good, great speedgame, multiple endings, and magic. Honestly this is one of the best roguelikes on steam"
76561198033807829,Recommended,252630,27918088,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr.Acula,fps platformer done right. and creepy
76561197984681608,Recommended,252630,27488224,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jinn,"So much fun and depth in these simple looking game, great game."
76561198116312262,Recommended,252630,27443652,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RacoonHands,"A fun first person rogue-lite stealth game.  The sound effects are actually really scary and that big tall thing that won't die freaks me out even though this game has N64 graphics.  This game gives you a chest to hold artifacts between stages so it's not a 100% loss of progress when you die.  This game's dope, get it."
76561198022316487,Recommended,252630,24172517,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Praetor2020,"Very unique sort of Dungeon Crawler. Everything is quite spooky considering the limitations of the game. Had a blast but grew bored of the later levels. I would still recommend this game but you definitely have to invest a lot of time into it. Oh, and expect to die a lot!"
,Recommended,252630,12954840,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Geestelike 思想家,"If you buy this game (and you should), be prepared for the day you decide to throw TNT at a wall to see what's behind it, and find a group of Deep Ones, Cultists, and various other nasties, before they all decide to converge on you. As they get closer and start dealing damage, you start to jump around, punching like a madman because you just started and the only thing you had found so far was the TNT, avoiding hits and cultist fireballs like a gazelle on meth, until you pause and look at all the dead bodies of your enemies. After you loot them and walk away, feeling pretty good about yourself and all your new Artifacts, you jump a chasm too early and fall to your death.(Review was based on a true story)"
,Recommended,252630,12753627,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Andy,This game would be my all time favorite if players could create content.
,Recommended,252630,12808344,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ellie Tea,"I'm not really one for 8-bits indie games to tell you the truth. The graphics at first didn't catch my attention. So, I wasn't planning to buy it. Later it was on sell for around $2 and this game was recommanded by some top curators; I thought, why not?I was thinking to myself that the game was only $2, so I had nothing to lose; bought the game.This game is amazing. I love the eeriness that overwhelms the game; well done developers.The game takes place in a huge library. You ""read"" a book and you get sucked in into the world/demension. Your task is to keep getting out into you find your way back to the library. Easier said than done.You're always conscience on what you're doing in the game; trying to hear the mosters talking to know how close they are.You can go to the shop, buy or steal and run as fast as you can. And you might even be able to kill the shop owner, go back, and steal everything else.This is by far one of my favorite indie games ever.9/10"
76561198069867690,Recommended,252630,12868200,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,modest_mousee,I get to punch penguins
76561198125602427,Recommended,252630,12915708,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CooleomcG,A fast-paced Roguelike with minimal story. 8/10
,Recommended,252630,12922174,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Flying Shisno,"A great roguelite set in the Lovecraft world. There are 3 main books, each one is 3 levels deep and contains a Soul of an old god. Get all 3 souls and you can escape! You can use stealth or a variety of weapons, items and powers in order to stay alive. The dev has added extra holiday content as well, so there's even more books to explore. I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,252630,12881980,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Chairman Mow,Very fun game to play. Usually play it when i have nothing else to play. It has a nice creepy feel to it especially in the dersert level.
,Recommended,252630,12882912,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Doctor Nutmeg,The best horror game that ever was not a horror game.
,Recommended,252630,12964095,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,EmZiom,Good game. Little scary but in funny way. ;)
,Recommended,252630,12979247,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,360 No Scope She Wrote,"Don't let the graphics fool you- some of the monsters may look cute, but this game has a wonderful sense of eerie atmosphere that plays up suspense with each creak. The sound is expertly used in this game, where you can hear heavy breathing of a monster lurking nearby as you try to crouch just around the corner. Sends chills down my spine each time.For a rouge-like, this game is more about stealth and trying to get the most out of the few resources you can cobble together. It provides a fresh challenge while refraining from feeling too difficult to impede on your fun. While playing, the hours will melt away faster than the flesh off of your smiling face.A definite must-play for any lover of Lovecraft."
,Recommended,252630,11407010,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Pufnstuf,"Oh man, this game is just perfect. The sounds, the creatures, everything. It's just creepy enough, but at the same time super comfy. I've already sunken a good chunk of time into it and absolutely enjoy every bit."
,Recommended,252630,12086222,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,RATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,A roguelike you can speedrun. Not worth the pricetag unless you get it in a very hefty sale.
76561198094966080,Recommended,252630,12218617,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lord Zedd,"If you want to surivive, get rocks. AS MANY ROCKS AS POSSIBLE!"
,Recommended,252630,12200058,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Timidity,"As a fan of roguelikes, I think this game is really good. Hopefully they add more new content in the fut-HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥A SHOGGOTH"
76561198019272782,Recommended,252630,12838926,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ctb,"A game that makes good and elegant use of simple graphics and mechanics. Very much worth the price and time, imho.Also, Don't blink. Whatever you do, don't turn your back and don't blink..."
76561198120460794,Recommended,252630,12840326,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Damnitsouls,"I can't find anything i don't like about the game, do NOT pick this game up on the cheap, give these people your money."
,Recommended,252630,12844951,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,CrystaljDesign,"Put in a solid 7 hours and barely touched the extra ice world. I'm usually not into Roguelikes but I loved the style, atmosphere and figuring out what each item does."
,Recommended,252630,24226614,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Baddy,preeeeeeeeeeeeee gud
,Recommended,252630,24242460,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fennek,A fun little rogue-like with smooth controls and great atmosphere!
76561198157156910,Recommended,252630,20910547,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,chinesebandit,amazing game worth it but not for full price buy it at steam sale
,Recommended,252630,20204393,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SynapticBoomstick,"Don't let the charming graphics fool you, this game can and will make you paranoid as hell. There's nothing quite like trying to navigate a series of hallways or rooms while the slimy bubbling of an unseen shoggoth follows you around constantly.Pros:Randomly-generated level layoutsSecret rooms and item cachesFrustrated Deep OnesSmooth controller playSome player customizationMoody musicSneaky bootsEating beetlesPenguinsCons:Equipment resets on deathAccidentally setting off dynamite while hitting pumpkinsOpening the door with the shoggoth behind itNot seeing the lizardman statue in timeWalking into exploding eyeballsFalling onto a spike trapJumping over a spike trap into another spike trapKilling yourself with a dropped itemPenguins"
,Recommended,252630,20230928,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dailenth,"When I saw the trailer I though, Another Voxel, Minecraft-Like spin off but I was wrong, this game is a dungeon crawler randomly generated with not scary, but unfomfortable atmosphere filled with monsters and abominations. It has destructible enviroment and simple stealth mechanics that could be used to avoid or kill enemies.It's challenging ill give it that, but it's often frustrating because if you die you lose everything that is not stored in a bank. A mod support would be really nice."
76561197997236321,Recommended,252630,20193249,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bambi Sammich,"I definately recommend this game...while it's on sale!Honestly I wouldn't have touched this game at it's original $15 dollar asking price. But while it's on sale, everyone should pick this game up.Eldritch really ain't half bad. A basic rogue-like but it is very fun to play. Though I learned quickly that the knife and gun are the best weapons and I basically ignore everything else unless I'm desperate or curious. Cloaking and Teleport is also good, but you're never guaranteed those powers.I only use the gun on enemies that can fire projectiles or are hard to kill with the knife (I learned the hard way that Shaggoth is unkillable). But anyway, there is just enough variety to let you experiment with your play style and how you want to go about traversing the levels. Sometimes I try to rocket past every enemy and just make it to the exit, other times I play around and kill every monster in an area. (The ones that can be killed at least) But just remember that when you loot a dead enemy, they respawn later on.The levels don't seem very hard to navigate though, at least as long as you have a compass. And so far it seems that as long as you head downwards, you are going the right way. The shops have good items, especially a pair of boots that silence your footsteps. It's pretty cool.  That's basically how I rate this game. Pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,252630,20756870,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,JaCrispy,Bought it in August of '14... played 46 minutes... never turned it back on.
76561198031396215,Recommended,252630,17091545,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"I like Minecraft. I like Lovecraft. I also like Starcraft, but that is irrelevant."
,Recommended,252630,20560237,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,252630,21466052,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,A L I E N,"This game is one of the best rogue-like games that i have played in a long time, very well made and fun. Killing enemies in this game is so satisfying, in fact everything in this game is satisfying, the art style, the items, the weapons and even just sounds, if you like games like Spelunky or The Binding of Isaac then i would reccomend this game to you, i give it about an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,252630,20640891,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,膝頭,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIa! Ia! Cthulhu Fhtagn! Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
76561197972656901,Recommended,252630,20522018,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,tetsuo,"Simple endless fps-fun. Good atmosphere,  strange enemys and interesting story.You gonna hate it sometimes, but you will come back.Besides Heavy Bullet imo the best rogue-like shooter."
76561198057953516,Recommended,252630,20565999,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,bronze_inigma,"Though it took me a while to realize this game is very good and once you're familiar with it, it's very easy to pick up and play. Perfect for those moments when you need to play something immediately."
,Recommended,252630,20025015,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,REN_0,You will learn to hate everything but the Fishmen.
76561197972370664,Recommended,252630,20023999,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"This game is enormous fun. It's kind of a fresh game -- the low quality graphics contrasts wonderfully with the creepy sound design, and it's unabashedly a game. It's short too, which I like -- expect to beat it in a couple hours and feel satisfied.I did jump at times (the monsters are creepy!) when a moving statue got me, or a monster followed me into a room.Here's hoping for an Eldritch 2!"
76561198164231780,Recommended,252630,20062874,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ulti_Nate,"This game is a wildly addicting trip through Lovecraft madness, if you like Rouge-likes and dont have ELDRITCH, what are you doing? go buy it! You can kill Fishmen, cultist, and other Eldritch horrors. If thats not enjoyable then i dont know wwhat is."
,Recommended,252630,20027541,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hodgepodge,Infinite random dungeons....... one of the few games out there with them and its 3d but sadly it is a little lacking in the content you have a small selection of weapons maybe 5 and can only get 5 spells or so as well. but you can freely destroy the environment with tnt or a pickaxe allowing for shortcuts so overall 9/10 for replayability if you like random dungeons
,Recommended,252630,20080233,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,O R'lyeh Is this falador?,"The struggle of getting good loot, just to die a terrible death and do it all again.10/10 would die to Nyarlathotep's Lizards all over again."
76561198035510338,Recommended,252630,20127644,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Chriswalt,"Nothing quite beats the fun and joy of running in to a Shogoth, and getting in to a fist fight with it. Needless to say, I didn't quite make it. The game is quite enjoyable, a generally dark atmosphere with a bit of light comedy. The randomly generated dungeons are sure to keep things interesting. Though, the fishmen are essentially the biggest reason to buy this game. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,252630,19982283,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PhonographClock,It's like if you took minecraft and removed the minecraft from it and then sprinkled a whole load of H.P Lovecraft all over it.12/9 as great of an experience as reading the actual Necronomicon.
76561197984872816,Recommended,252630,13677497,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gwildasin034,"I like low-tech games that run on old hardware, and when game design is great, low-tech beats high tech any day.This is simple, creative and fun. I like the subject matter, and despite it being repetive I wish more games like this were made.Satisfied customer."
,Recommended,252630,13589471,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mysticalmarceline,"weeping angelsshoggoths are invincibletripwires hurtpretty good roguelike, interesting theme."
,Recommended,252630,15588421,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Drewbocalypse,I like H.P. Lovecraft. I like video games. I also like being unmercifully killed by falling icicles. I am in love with this game.
76561198255291787,Recommended,252630,29045007,Posted: 5 January,all,SultanLuciano,"Eldritch is a challenging game at points and makes the players find out ways to go down levels of the book.Whether it be by using dynamite, or killing monsters.I really recommend this game for people that like Rouge-like games and a little puzzle as well."
,Recommended,252630,29736848,Posted: 5 February,all,Draculascastle1,"Love this simple and addicting game. Big Lovecraft fan, and this game brings it to life in a cute yet challenging way. Highly recommended to a casual gamer, and medium gamers alike."
,Recommended,252630,29253395,Posted: 14 January,all,Blacknova,"This is one of my favorite game to just mindless play for hours. It doesn't matter how much I play this game, it never loses it's replay value. If you are a fan of dungeon exploration based games, you are going to love this. The good thing is, you can play for this game for short sessions or for hours on end and not get lost on what you need to do."
,Recommended,252630,29877459,Posted: 12 February,all,Melvin710,Sneaky Sneaky Sneaks. You like rogue like games then def get this. Creepy atmospheric soundtrack that is dope. Fun mechanics and cool monsters. Get it Get it
,Recommended,252630,29932258,Posted: 14 February,all,MasterBeef,First world was a peice of cake and gave me this secured feeling of success. The world afetr that however quickly took that feeling of comfort and squashed it like... like something that is easy to squash. In the end it's a great game and it totally was worth the fifteen bucks.
76561198140771109,Recommended,252630,28993421,Posted: 3 January,all,knightspear14,"Eldritch is a alright game, Its kinda short but if you die a lot (like me) it lasts a while. Considering the price for this small game I think it deserves a  7/10. Pick it up on sale, I enjoyed it for about $2 and so should you."
,Recommended,252630,29106878,Posted: 7 January,all,Geospan1,I need more!
,Recommended,252630,29033735,Posted: 5 January,all,Niggel,This game is awesome. it just provides you with that adventurous feeling that barely any game has ever given me. The game is a little weird but thats what makes it so special. Its not like anything i have ever played before.10/10
,Recommended,252630,9404408,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Nsqui,"Eldritch is a lovely title. Seriously. If you melted your computer while running it, it would probably result in a pool of liquid gold... (actually, don't try that.) I love this game. I've played many roguelikes before, so this game was a bit simple to start with, but after your first playthrough, a feature titled New Game+ allows you to amp up the dificulty to where it should be (at least for a roguelike). The game is essentially Dishonored developed by Mojang, allowing you to slide, mantle, and sprint from a first person prospective, rendered in a cute, voxel-based engine. Buy this game if you like Dishonored. Buy this game if you like roguelikes. Screw it, just buy this game becuase it's quality."
76561198153205123,Recommended,252630,28311262,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Urban,"Actually really good, the trailer does not do it justice, one of the best rouge like games out there although if only it expanded on this and there was more game to be had it could have been something great, for those that like to play a game over and over again and speed run things i would highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,252630,28382378,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,IceEye,"A very good stealth rougelike, I highly recommend it."
76561198180834354,Recommended,252630,28263290,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Godsent,"Great game! It's not a long game, but it's surprisingly entertaining. The soundtrack is also good, it helps create an atmosphere perfect for the game. It's easy to lose sense of time when playing. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,252630,28169606,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Anna Banana,"I really enjoy this game so far.  It provides a challenge that can be tough but doesn't give you a headache.  It has an adorable art style too, which makes it a great game to cuddle up and play with some mood lighting."
76561197981859435,Recommended,252630,28194663,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hellgatsu,If the trailer doesn't make you buy the game then wait for sale and buy it for less then 5 dollars.It will be worth it
,Recommended,252630,28057770,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Xizor Argus,"Yes, it does look like Minecraft... but it couldn't be more different.Do you like running for your life, propelled by a torrent of jovial fear pooping? Do you like Roguelikes but want something more action oriented? Do you have an unhealthy obsession with Lovecraft mythos? Then you'll probably enjoy this game."
76561198130419776,Recommended,252630,28067503,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,xWolfix,"The game is good and challenging, however it could have few more inventions. Still I would honestly recommend that game."
76561198091983578,Recommended,252630,31744031,Posted: 14 May,all,A Terrible Fate,It's a good singleplayer game to play when you don't have a♥♥♥♥♥♥to do.. i recommend it :D
76561198067934874,Recommended,252630,31739472,Posted: 13 May,all,3 Inch Pounder,Really good game! Enjoyed every minute of it!
76561198208426773,Recommended,252630,31809862,Posted: 17 May,all,jdacronym,"This is a game about flavor more than challenge. If you want something to play casually and have an affection for Lovecraft's fictional universe, you'll be amused.This blocky little first person roguelike pits your amnesiac librarian against multiple dungeons of plushie Lovecraftian monsters. This soft, cuddly presentation makes most of the monsters endearingly cute, and mostly robs them of their menace, which is beguiling until you get swarmed by them.It's not murderously difficult, a little stealth and platforming skill will get you away from most danger. A handful of unkillable monsters, including that was unfazed by basically all attacks, compensate for the general lack of monstery challenge and require you to not approach every situation identically. The achievement for finishing the game without taking damage seems like it'd be a challenge, though.Overall, the casual tone meant I was able to both access and enjoy the content the developers had put into the distinct dungeons, as well as come up with creative solutions. Once I scrounged enough TNT to dynamite my way to an exit (discovering hidden rooms with treasure and food in the process). In another, a magic block-making spell let me build a bridge over a hallway of monsters, Minecraft style. Having beaten it, I may not revisit it soon, but I definitely will for nostalgia's sake."
,Recommended,252630,31848799,Posted: 19 May,all,psyCtrl,"As soon as you get over the awkward minecraft-ish graphics, this game did really grow on me the longer I played it. It offers surprising depth for what little that it is. It may seem easy at first, but soon you'll make a mistake and half of your progress is gone. There's different play-styles you can try out to get further and further, just to die again and give it another try. Cool First Person Rogue-Like.Buy it in sale."
76561198012033780,Recommended,252630,31753120,Posted: 14 May,all,Krakex,"I'm a simple man.I see Lovecraft, I press ""Like"""
,Recommended,252630,32222863,Posted: 6 June,all,Rampage,This is fun I like it! It's a bit challenging though. but once you get a basic understanding of the game it's quite fun. Also ♥♥♥♥ing hell those shaggoths keep getting me!
,Recommended,252630,26438982,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,try41000,"This game is quite good, particluarly for the price.  Its a solid rouge-like faithful to the classic mechanics such as permadeath.  The biggest complaint is that the balancing isn't the best.   StarSpawn are too weak, Lizzard Statues are too stong, and the first chapter is far too easy.  As a result, the first area is boringly easy, but the second is a massive, intense difficulty spike.  Dispite this flaw, the game is great, and later on can get very tense and exciting.10/10 would get killed by lizard statue on final floor with all relecs again.Seriously though, I hope all lizard statues die in a fire."
,Recommended,252630,27210918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☠Anxiety☠,Best Game With the Best Gameplay not teh Best Graphics But it's Alot of fun ^w^
76561198019216815,Recommended,252630,30760247,Posted: 26 March,all,Crebmen,"Eldritch is a first-person, rogue-lite, action-horror game in which you delve deeper into various dungeons while combating the *eldritch* beings that reside within them.The game's horror elements are what set it apart from other rogue-lites. I was constantly on my toes, taking the game at a slow pace, trying to plan around what monsters I would face on floors below.However, as my play-time grew longer and I gained more experience with the game mechanics, Eldritch's horror-elements began to peel away as I understood how easy the game actually was. Keep up a brisk pace, know which enemies to take out first, collect a strong enough arsenal, and the game becomes a lot less interesting than it was during your first play-through.As such, I don't think Eldritch is a rogue-lite that begs to be played over and over like its contemporaries (there aren't really any unlocks either so it doesn't reward multiple playthroughs anyways). It's incredibly simple and effective, a rogue-lite that doesn't ask for much of your time, and that's what makes Eldritch recommendable.PROS:- Simple yet charming graphics.- Strongly atmospheric SFX and ambience.- Fun and interesting gameplay mechanics.- Great gameplay progression.CONS:- Very little replay value.- Loses its horror elements as you learn the mechanics.SCORE: 8/10"
76561198105261460,Recommended,252630,20998080,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pa4o_StaN | UnOfficial .✓,"Eldritch ✓Thoughts On The GameA fun and difficult, first-person, rogue-like game. The pixelated graphics add more beauty into the game. At first you will think it's all for laughs and enjoyment and it is, but after 4 hours of playing, you will think differently. The terror that get to you that you will lose all your progress (perma death) when you get really deep in this world really gets you on edge. You'll try to sneak past enemies, make tough decisions which weapons to drop and which to keep. Should you keep exploring for something better or are you better just running to the exit? What will you face later into Eldritch? It's your way.But What Is This Game About ?You select how your character looks like. You are spawned into a library, with 4 books that lead you to the levels you want. Each book has 3 or 4 levels and when you get to the end, before exiting a book, you get an orb, this orb must go onto a pedestal at the library. After collecting all 3 orbs from the 3 books, they all must go onto their places in front of a door (which is again, in the library). After that you go through the door, complete another 3 or 4 levels. but this time, instead of going down to the exit, like in the other books, this time you must go upwards to the exit. through ladders and enemies. If this isn't enough for you. There are 3 bonus levels, which 2 lead you to a level that you need to compete with other players to get a high score and 1 is a pumpkin that lets get items that you might need, while running away from creatures.What Do You Think About The Ending ?Honestlydisappointing. After all the intense stuff from the game, you just get a little text for what you have done (stats) and then it cuts to credits. I don't know what more i want. Maybe a little cut-scene ? How you get out of that library or something maybe ? I don't knowAnd After All This ?Great game. Enjoyed it for a long while. Absolutely recommend ✔"
76561198284509583,Recommended,252630,31174572,Posted: 16 April,all,malone46,"Oh this game, this game is worth its cost and here's whyGameplay: Picking how you play is great since you can run in like a noisy cricket and shoot all you see or you can stealth kill with a knife and oooh the satisfaction of a one hit stealth skill, you slip in, get up close and there lies your dead enemy.Loot: the small amount of loot gives you an ""I'm hopeless"" vibe but the loot is actually good, you get a useful knife, a gun and 3 (increasable) bullets, a trap gun to make tripwiress and a multitude of spells and armor.Environment: I'd say the music adds dread but the chaotic cube placement fits the mythos well.Lovecraftian Horror: ""Oh but malone does it relate to the mythos?"" why yes it does tax bear, most monsters hail from the mythos, from the deep ones to elder things, they're there and they wanna kill you reaaaal bad, also even the levels you play praise the mythos like its cultists since they are all mythos locations/are from the dream world.Summary: buy the gaaaame."
76561198036341056,Recommended,252630,34387051,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. Mouth & the Taste Buds,"It's a nice little game, the atmosphere is cool and having 1 life makes certain situations very tense. I got spooked on some occasions as well.I give it a 7.5/10"
76561198129898465,Recommended,252630,34749393,Posted: 4 September,all,devilsaint209,"It's fun and chaotic. Love the Chtulu  3d pixel dungeon rouge like theme. It is worth the buck 49, and if you find the holy relic keep ahold of it."
76561198102931311,Recommended,252630,34730458,Posted: 4 September,all,FullMetalJackass,Just be careful around statues.
,Recommended,252630,14343696,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nicking Ninaj,Minecraft meets Lovecraft and has a threeway with The Binding of Isaac. Fun and spooky.
,Recommended,252630,35214701,Posted: 25 September,all,HellFire4gZ,"One of the most worthwhile purchases I've made in steam.Eldritch is one of the quick-becoming favourite genre of mine. Roguelikes.Drawing inspiration from my favourite author, Howards Philips Lovecraft, Eldritch gives life to all the horrors that HPL gave birth to in his twisted imagination is a breath taking way, making the helpnessless point stick right by you when a CERTAIN enemy pops up and you notice its immortal. Being a game based on Lovecraft's stellar work, it has references to the Exterior Gods, Cthulhu, a huge ammount of creatures from Lovecraftian lore and your usual neighboring abomination spawned from hell.Having different endings, tons of items to experiment with and a few different weapons, you can try and beat the game with a broad ammount of skill arrays that will let you advance towards the end of the game using the playstyle that suits you better. Maybe a stealthy approach is better than going in guns blazing with all the ammo you gathered up. Extremely unforgiving in certain spots if your not aware of the enemies's mechanics.10/10 game. Tight, responsive controls, nice art style, great game/lore feel that makes complete sense. You wont regret this purchase."
76561197968104436,Recommended,252630,35167251,Posted: 23 September,all,Guerrilla,"The LESS you know about this game the BETTER your first playthrough will be.Your first playthrough will likely be brilliant, however as you play and replay and learn about the enemies the game becomes less mysterious and gets dull.Pros:MusicLovecraftianSound Effects (enemies especially)Items/Upgrades that change the way you play.Magic abilities and combinations of items are fun to experiment with.Enemies and game mechanicsYou can steal items from/kill the shopkeeperI liked the minecrafty look, it wont suit everyone though.3 Main campaigns with 3 levels each.2 extra campaigns, one is 10 levels long and apparently you need to backtrack through to the start in order to finish the level (i've not played it yet).There is an arcade mode of sorts.Randomized levels (to an extent)Cons:Once you've learned about the way things work the game gets dullNo reasons to replay unless you want to get a special ending/achievements.As a ""rogue-like"" it's a little too easy to 'game' it and make yourself too powerful. What i mean is you can re-enter previous levels and grind out items and resources (the first level is good for this).On top of this the levels only randomize when you actually die so technically you can replay and learn the first levels and grind them with little risk.$15 is too much to ask, get it on sale like i did.Not truly random, the levels are made up of blocks/areas which over time you notice are not random. The pieces/areas in the levels (which arent random) are randomly put together, there is still enough variety though.(at first.)Ultimately its very spooky and fun game to begin with but has little replayability (espcially for a rogue like).It gets easy but I will still make mistakes and die from time to time even after playing for hours and knowing how things work. Get it on sale, finish it and move on. I really enjoyed my first two hours."
,Recommended,252630,34867983,Posted: 10 September,all,Salty Juniper,"A Rogue-like loosely based on Lovecraft's mythos with a cute artstyle, Eldritch is a game that is both easy and unforgiving. This may sound like a contradiction, but the reason I describe it this way is that most enemies are real push-overs. Even without a weapon, you can easily beat most to death with decent maneuvering. The enemies are, however, dangerous, and if you aren't paying attention they can kill you in a few hits. When you die, you lose all of your weapons and items, as well as any currency you haven't stored in the bank. Each time you die, the areas are re-randomized (even the hub area), preventing players from brute-forcing the game through memorization.With fairly small areas to explore, combined with the ability to save and quit whenever and wherever you want, this is a great game for people with busy schedules, who want to play for only a few minutes.ProsCute artstyle.Minimalist, yet effective, sound design.A decent collection of weapons, powers, and items to choose from. You can only have one of each, though.Replayability due to the randomization.Satisfying combat.Great FOV range (60-120). This may sound like a minor detail, but I love playing at a high FOV.ConsIts regular $15 price is too high in my opinion.Although there is a diverse selection of enemies, they all fall into three simple categoriesWalk towards player and melee attackWalk towards player and shoot projectiles (either an orange or green ball)Fly towards player and shoot projectilesThe only change in this is one enemy, which is a living statue that can only attack when you look away. Sadly, this is the only interesting enemy design (in terms of gameplay).Difficulty is heavily reliant on RNG.You have to expect RNG to a certain extent with Rogue-likes, but it would've been nice to have a bit more balance. You can find overpowered items in easy areas, and underpowered items in hard areas. In other Rogue-likes, like Binding of Isaac, you don't really get overpowered until you've made a decent amount of progress.It's possible to enter areas that you can't exit, forcing you to respawn and lose all items. These areas seem somewhat intended, but they're still huge beginner's traps.From what I've seen so far, there's not much of an effort to mimic Lovecraft's works. The game does little to inspire the sense of dread that Lovecraft is famous for, and I haven't seen any attempt to replicate his writing style in the books that can be found throughout the game. As a fan of Lovecraft's stories myself, I feel I can safely say that this game is not necessarily a must-buy for Lovecraft fans.All things considered, I would highly recommend this game while it's on sale, but at full price I would encourage the consumer to put some thought into the purchase first.One thing to note: if you die at any point, you loseallprogress, except for areas you have already unlocked (with the exception of the last area). Not my cup of tea, but it doesn't detract from the quality of the game."
,Recommended,252630,34992402,Posted: 16 September,all,💐Jess Sersosa💐,"p gud if you are into the whole H.P. lovecraft stuff. so like a winning point for me is that there is a 7 foot tall penguin that can murder you, its a bit odd with stealth but its there."
76561198130948719,Recommended,252630,34495297,Posted: 25 August,all,Gamboleer,"HARDWARE: Windows 10 x64, i5 3570. GTX 1070. No slowdowns or crashes.I saw this for $1 at a favorite bundle site and remembered I had it in my library, so I loaded it up. I'm a sucker for pixel-style graphics.It's definitely a rogue-like, and more of a first-person stealth game than a shooter. There aren't many enemies, but the ones you encounter can put a swift end to you, as you can take exactly 3 hits before it's game over, and some of your enemies fight at range. You also find limited ammo for the ranged weapons you can acquire, which means much of your combat will be hand-to-hand, and better done by attacking from behind, before you're detected.The music and sound effects are creepy and the overall aesthetic is effective at keeping you feeling slightly on edge as you travel through the levels.I enjoyed the ability to use my pistol as a retrievable throwing weapon once I ran out of bullets. Other common weapons are daggers for hand-to-hand, stones for throwing, and I even found the occasional bundle of dynamite, which I probably needed to use against the giant slime that ended my first play session. I put all 7 rounds of ammunition into that sucker and stabbed it a few times, but it still killed me."
